

=== FILE: 10 HABITS of RICH People That They Do That YOU Don't [9trwIyY8NYs].txt ===

Alright, so what's the new year? 2025. And a lot of you guys want to step your game up in a new year. You sick of losing like you did last year. And the year is prior. It's time to end the chain of failure that you call life. And now we're going to take it to the next level in a sin of the mountop of what greatness. These are going to have as you need to make this year the best year of your life. The first thing you need to do, track every dollar you spend. I've been doing this since 15 years. You can watch all videos from me from 10 years ago doing live streams. I was telling people that I track every dollar I spend and every dollar I make in a software called mid.com. Now, mid.com shut down. Now we use something called monarchy. They do not pay me to endorse them. But I will take the money if you fucking nerds are listening. Matter of fact, you owe me money. It's going to be a problem when I see you because I've been shouting you out you lame. Nobody reached out to me to break me off some bread yet. Now it's a fucking problem anyway. We're using monarchy. And what you do is you link up all your accounts, all your credit cards and best of the accounts, bank accounts. And you get a clear picture of your whole financial life. You can see where all your money is going. Every time I start working with an entrepreneur who wants my help, that's the first thing we do. We hook up everything to that. And then I make them go in there and categorize everything. Now, it categorizes things for you and certain aspects that I make them come up with different categories. What's up that you use just for fun? Well, one of the things I do is categorize everything that you need to spend money on every month like you have to because there we can get an idea of what this guy needs every month to survive. What's extra? What's he spending money on bullshit? You know, a lot of single guys, I'm like, I make him categorize that how much you spend on dating or girls. I did this with one, not a friend or man. He had made a million dollars, but he didn't have a whole lot of money. It's bank account. I made him have a whole category for hoes. And we found out this motherfuck spent like $70,000 dollars on hoes. Not prostitutes. You know, flying bitches, places, buying gifts, you know, taking them out. Now, like, man, what's he worth? And you know, I didn't like hate on him because I had been here to our member, I did more than that in one month. And I was like, whoa, I need to get my shit together. I need to get a girlfriend. That's what I did because it's cheap. But there's also a scientific reason for it. So here's a study I'm going to bring up where the participants, they were told to track their spending. Just their spending in an app. There's a lot of them to do it. I like my dark motherfuckers are going to pay me. All right, even if I got to go get it in blood. They had to track, start tracking their spending. And they reduced their spending by 16% just by tracking. This is a fucking university study. Now, if you say, let me show you why this happened during the industrial revolution. There was already factories. There's a factory on the drawing. I know I'm a great artist. It's trying to get too distracted. Right? Henry Ford and Autumn Boyz. It was build in factories, man. You know, there was revolutionizing industry. Some factories were way more productive than others. Right? So they hired his researcher as do name Hawthorne. Hawthorne was the fucking science nerd. And he went to every one of these factories. He was like, yo, workers, don't do nothing. We're just going to observe you and then try to figure out why some of these factories are more productive than others. Right? Hawthorne noticed was every time he went to a new factory, him in his homey's productivity shot up like it's skyrocket. And as soon as he left, guess what happened? Yeah, it went down. And what they noticed was the mere act of being observed improves performance. Wabs, when you start tracking your finances every day, like in a dog, you're going to make better decisions on what you're spending on. Right? Remember when you was in school grade school with some, I remember I was like fifth grade or something. When the teacher was there, everybody's being good boys and girls, learning and fucking algebra, whatever kids learned in fifth grade, time staples, I don't know. So when you start acting crazy, man, niggas is in the classroom, rolling, blunts, bitches is twerk in his shit. And then, he comes back and goes back to being good boys and girls. I don't know if it was like that, where you grew up, but I grew up on South Side of Chicago, those kids are now all. Are you the gang member's strippers or one of them? A YouTuber. That's how the Hawthorne effect works. If it this, you're the observer once you start tracking stuff, you are the observer, so you what improve performance. And the study's the back to sub is not just me saying it. Track every dollar you spend. And you'll start making better decisions with your finances. Have a number two. You have to work more and invest the difference. So we're going to start working on the weekends because most people only work 40 hours a week, but it's really less according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics to average American works 36 hours per week. Look, because not even charming. Imagine if you push that to 60 or 80, those extra 20 plus hours start the compound over time. And this creates a massive separation between you and your mother fucking competition. And you'll be making way more money because you're getting 20 plus more hours of work per month. And remember, we're not increasing our lifestyles. If you do that, you'll have like an additional 1,000 hours per year. That's essentially in cram in 1.5 years of work into one year. That's how you start really moving ahead. By moving faster, you're in a race, you want to get ahead of the competition, but you got to go fast. Now I get a lot of pushback from this. I say, hey, if you want to get rid of you should work more. Oh, fuck, hey, don't be for saying this. This one guy, man. He made a video about, and he said, oh, no, man. You're just going to work for every, you're going to be a slave. No, no, no, no. And you work so you're not a slave. They appreciate your, he said this on a YouTube video and posted it. The world to see. He said, the happiest people behind the world on welfare. Boom, shit. I grew up on the South Side of Chicago. I knew plenty people on welfare. And they were not the happiest people I ever met. No sir. And in fact, when your kids grow up in poverty, it has negative ramifications on your children. Kids who come from low income families have higher rates of incarceration, drug abuse, depression, and mental disorders, significantly higher than kids who come from middle class, households or wealthy households. In fact, kids who come from wealthy households have significantly more successful outcomes statistically than any other demographic. Right? What's up with that nerd was talking about? That's just cop. We don't want to cope, man. We want to work. I didn't know that working hard. It was a controversial thing. The use of the get time, people actually respected men in work hard. People looked up to them. Families were proud of men who work hard. And men were, took pride in working hard. Provided for their families, being able to take care of their parents. By your mama house, by your mama car, senior kids to the best schools. It was the time when this was valued. But it seemed like that's lost the pie. The young generation, and that's good for us. Because now we can fuck your run circles around you. Dumb asses. We get run laps around these dipshits. I hope that that video he may go viral. And more mother fuckers drop out is going to get easy for us to succeed. We're going to work on the weekends because working is a good thing. When people say they don't want to work, it's like, oh, don't you understand? If you work for yourself or another business, that business is providing some service or product. Well, other people. Right even if you're a fucking buzzer driver, man, you're helping people get transportation that they otherwise wouldn't have been able to do. Right? Our new robes little on the bus to go see family members. I wouldn't be able to see them family members if there wasn't buzz drivers. Right? You're actually helping people when you work. That's the only way you can get money. You can't make it. People have to give it to you in exchange for product or service that they think is what valuable. If you're not working, you're literally not providing value. Work is a good thing. Don't let these fucking doubles. Tell you anything differently. So we're going to work on the weekends. Provide more value. More money. But you may be thinking, hey, I don't got time for that. Brandon, I'm a bitch. Well, bitch, here's what you're going to do. You're going to start planning out every hour of every day in your calendar. I plan out every hour of every day. I'm telling you, this is the cheat code of life. If you learn nothing else from this video, do that. Start planning out every hour of every day. Because when I feel people to work more, they say shit like, oh, man, I don't want to neglect sleep or my health or my family. I don't want you to do that either. You got enough time to do all that shit. You're just squandering your time. Now that I know that, what if you're not planning out every hour every day, you're leaving so much excess on the table, you can get so much more done each day. It's your choreograph. I have it in here when I'm awake out, when I'm going to go to bed, when my meals are, when I'm going to work out, when I'm going to be with my girlfriend, when I'm going to see my son. I plan it. I plan everything. Me and my son was in fucking Disney World with the passes that allowed us to jump in front of everybody, even the dorks with the lightning pass. Think they doing something. We got in front of them, too. I planned out my calendar. Oh, man, we're going to spend a week at the magic kingdom. So we did that. I plan out the days I was doing my son. I plan out the time I'll be with my girlfriend, my family. I plan out time I'm going to work out. I'm planning out time I'm going to eat. You know, your mother's book is not busy or to me. You don't run a business with 40 employees. You've got to job, bro. You get to clock out. You've got more time. I'm telling you, you're not busy or to me. Unless you've got like 15 kids. You can steal plan out your days and you'll get more time. You might not have as much time as me or much time as someone else, but you'll have more time. You'll be able to find more time to accomplish your goals. Plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. But once your day has structure, one, you'll notice that you'll get more done. Obviously, right? You'll be able to accomplish more. If you do it every day, you'll run laps around my focus. But also what you'll notice is your days will be more fun. It was a time when I worked for a movie and coming. I remember it. Some guys would try to do as little as they can when they work for the movie coming. I had a few days like that in the beginning. Those days would work. It was way more boring and more arduous when I was doing less. But then I kind of realized how important the job was. I was like, oh man, these people are trusting me to pack up everything they own. Put it in the car and drive it to their new home. We're going to raise a family and live and this is an important job. And I started thinking, pride in the work and all that. I'm going to do this job the best I can. The fun thing is it became more fun. If you pack your whole day like that, the day will be fun. I did not remember the last time I was bored. But that is a motion that I have not experienced in over a decade. And honestly, there's no time to get sad either. I remember it when I got serious about doing this was after my father committed suicide. And you know, he left a huge mess. Financial mess for the family and I'm in the man at the house. So I like our shit. I started working like four different jobs. Take our help, take our family out of this financial hole we were in because you know, you throw your brains out. You don't get life insurance from our fucking otherwise people do that all the time. It'd be a cheat code. I would say I'm not lying. I would say I would find moments to be sad, but I wasn't as sad as I would have been if I was doing nothing all day. Right? I had shit to do. And I made sure I stayed busy and I wasn't really sad, man. People like that you never had time to grieve. You never had time to write a name. I just didn't need to grieve like that. Like I'm chilling. You enjoy life more when you're busy. Muffles would be chilling me bored to shit. And that's why they look for a scapeysome. That's why they got to get fucking drunk high. Have casual sex. They need always need a vacation, man. Because they're fucking chillin' so much to get you or made the chill. We were made to work. We were made to be busy. Or something. It doesn't have to be working. You could be trying to learn guitar or learning a language or playing with your kids or doing whatever. But we're not made to fucking do nothing. And the more you do, the more you enjoy life. But it's not about enjoying life. Just saying the video about how to be happy. But this video about a compulsion more. The next habit you need is start tracking your fucking macros. Tracking improves performance. All right. So this is a study done by Duke University. And what they did is they had a bunch of fat boys. All they did was have them track their macros and calories for three months. They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't say hey be in a court deficit. They didn't say do intermittent fast in, Mediterranean diet, keto, go vegan, none of that shit. They just say hey, fat boy. Just fucking track what you eat instead of putting anything in your mouth like a whore, what you've been doing your whole life. They didn't give them workout plan or nothing. And on average, the participants lost 5,000, 3 months. Now, 5 pounds of 3 months is not a lie. Until you remember, they had no fucking diet plan. They had no workout plan. The only change they made was they started tracking their fucking calories. So when you're tracking, you are the observer like the Hawthorne effect and that will have to do these people start making better decisions like, oh, maybe I'm not going to eat that fucking cake if I can't track it. Now, it is very important. Start tracking your macros. And then now if you want to lose weight, this is why it's really important because losing weight is just math. But let's say you were tracking this shit, right? And you're tracking how many calories you can sue every day. And I'm like, okay, man, I'm doing like 2,500 calories a day and not bad. All right. Let's say you had a goal to you are trying to lose weight, 2,500 calories. That's how many calories you can do. Cause sue me each day. Let's take you take a sit next up. We start tracking how many calories you burn each day. So what I do is I wear the thing is called the ordering. The apple watch does this. I'm sure that. Samsung watch does that. Or yeah, but you can do it a fit bit or the whore, whatever. But I'm like, look, it like I'm wearing a lot of fucking dirty technology. I rather just wear the ordering. I wear a watch that doesn't track my heart rate, but it increases your beaches hard rate. All right. Anyway, let's say you got some sort of finish tracking. You track how many calories you burn each day. Now remember, every pound of fat you want to lose. You have to burn 3500 calories. 3500 calories equals one pound of fat. So this makes it super simple. Oh, man, all I gotta do is burn 3000 calories each day. And if I do that, as you can see, this thing does the calculations for me is he cause I'm in a calorie deficit of 500 each day. Just with that equals your right. 3500. You're burning a pound of fat per week. Now we're doing better than what the Duke nerds had them do, right? Cause now we're being more conscious. Let's say we want to step it up and say, fuck man, I want to burn 2 pounds of fat a week. That's not crazy. People do it all the time. What then? I just have to burn more calories, man. Let's go with, um, I gotta burn 3500 calories per day. Which is not a fucking lot. I mean, maybe it is for you, fat boy cause you out of shape. All right, then it's just mad. 70,000 calories is 2 pounds of fat. Let's say you're trying to gain weight. You can do the same thing, you just reverse it. You also want to track the protein intake as well. There's something in description that's called the Victory Vision planner. All right, and this is free. And if you want to go to the Victory Vision planner, it has a video on how to use it, right? But I'm gonna say, you go to the success track, right? And here is a free notion template. You can download it for free. You can start tracking a bunch of shit. How many hours you worked each day? You're income. How many hours of sleep you get each night? And you can add stuff to this as well. You can make your own habit tracker. Did you work out today? Then it was cool is you can put in your calories here. I put formulas in here for you to automatically add zero. So let's say you're tracking your macros. Let's say you only had 50 cars. Let's say he's doing like a keto type thing. Very 50 cars. It changes the calories he consumed each day. So this is dynamic. This does it for you. Then you can track how many calories you burn each day. You know, let's say he burned more in this day. As you can see, if you look at the column to the left, it's dynamic and it moves for you. But it also is cool about here. You can actually put your weight in here. I have a graph in here. And this graph is dynamic. Now I'm listening. He lost a ton of fucking weight on the last day. It's not realistic by just going to show you. But you see the graph moves. So this way, you can actually get a visual representation of your progress. And then you can track your income as well. How much money you make each day? You can see it's total for the month. All right. Cool. Let me change to this state. You may fucking 10 down the other day. This day, he got a big deal. But you see the graph moves. And this way, you can do a visual representation of what's going on. This is free. And it's in the description. If you're not tracking, just slack it. Right. And remember, the whole thing would affect the mere act of tracking these things will improve your performance. Download that big three vision planner is free. And it's also a thing, something that we can plan out your goals and explain it in the video to attach to it. But you can plan out your goals. It's very important. People don't plan to fail. They fail the plan. The next habit you need to build is you want to start reading at least one book a week. The reason this is important, it accelerates your learning curve. One book a week is start the compound over time. So I've been reading two books a week for a long time. But I think a speed reading course when I was very young and suck and read a little fascinating. But like read one book, it doesn't matter if it's the audio book or whatever, just consume a whole book. And books are better YouTube than fucking hate. When people say, man, oh, just watch YouTube videos or book and blow a post or whatever. He looks like or listen to podcasts. It's not the same dipshit. I'm fucking freestyle in this video. For example, this book I wrote here, Ultimate Cuts. You see on Amazon, it's the one with like 4,000 fossil reviews. It's only 100 pages, but this should look like almost a year for me to write in perfect right? Because it's consolidated collection of thoughts and it's more well thought out than a motherfucking YouTube video. If you see my boy Ryan Holliding, you know, it's the homey media autographs of books when it comes out of sins and to me, just, you know, it's not a big deal to worry about. Anyway, he has videos about how he writes his books. It's fucking months and months of research. So much goes into a book. Motherfuckers are freestyle in podcast. Bro, it's not the same information. And the YouTubers I put now fucking YouTube videos every week or month of the night, me every day, it's good information and it's helpful. It's not the same as reading, brother. This song guys would say, man, I've never read. I've never read, I'm just rich. Right? And maybe they're smarter than me. Right? But if they're smarter than me, they're smarter than you. That's for God damn sure. Or you're fucking lying. These are just, just pretend you're the man. He is and you didn't learn from no one else. That sounds cooler. But now I mean, you've got to read. You know, Elon Musk, he reads all the time. He's a genius. He's a fucking genius. He's a voracious reader. Motherfuckin' Bill Gates. He has read invakations. He'll take a bunch of books and go to the fucking outs or some get a cab and you just read and come back with ideas. It's so important. All these ideas start the compound. And now you'll be able to think clear and you'll be able to connect different dots when you read things and learn more information. And it's sharpens you mentally. It breathing improves your memory. It proves your focus and your critical thinking. This is like proven. It's not debatable. So you must accept. Man, I can't focus. I can't focus. Every time someone tells me, that's the person I know who doesn't read. Because reading sharpens your focus. So even a side from just learning the training of reading. It enhances your problem-solving ability. The books offer different perspectives. It expands your ability to solve complex problems. Because now you have more reference points and you've been exposed to different perspectives than just your dumbass friends or your poor mom. You wonder why you can't think of no good ideas because you only talk about to get dumbass friends in your poor mom. You can actually get the thoughts and the experience of experts in one critical thing can get their experiences in a book. Anything you want to learn, somebody's done it already and they probably wrote a book about it. Because they were fucking paid to, right? They're financially compensated and they should be. And they wrote a book about it. For example, Ray Dileau was one of my heroes. I'm gonna somebody I look up to. He runs the largest hedge fund of all time. He wrote a book about how he saw his problems and his principles of life. He's a goddamn billionaire. So I get the benefit of all of his experience. Without having to go through the fucking drama, he went through experience is the best teacher. But it doesn't have to be your experience. You can capitalize on other people's experience. Read one book a week and sometimes people say, man, if you read that much, how do you retain it? Every time someone says that, oh, you don't read, nigga. You worried about the wrong shit. Let me ask you a question. When you watch a fucking movie, do you remember every word in a movie? No. But you know what it was about. You can tell me the plot, right? That's what readings a book about. You're not gonna be able to recite this shit verbatim. And that's not the goal. Your goal is to get the principles and the overarching ideas and then build that into your lexicon of ideas. And this way you'll be able to bring that experience that you got from someone else. Their experience and to the gear problems that you're trying to solve or your life. And it improves your vocabulary. This may come as a shock to some of you guys. But I actually dumb down my vocabulary when I'm making these videos in order for you dumb motherfucking scientist standard because study show when you speak at a fucking lower grade level. Motherfuck is understanding better. It's actually more compelling because the average Americans IQ was only about 100 fucking dummies. Right? That means that half of the population is to the left that that bill curve. So I gotta talk to everybody. But if you want to be smarter, it's gonna improve your vocabulary immensely. That's also why I curse more too. The grad viewer are fucking attention because you motherfuck has had the attention spans of a coped up goldfish. Most of you dipshits can't even wait for the microwave time to go off without checking your fucking Instagram. So sometimes I curse or add comedic humor as well as dumb and down my vocabulary in order for you. Coffey motherfuck is understanding. The next habit. Nathan incorporating it life is surfing coach hours. You know, I say that at the risk of sounding like a budget David Goggins. I'm not telling you to do this. So you can beat tough, right? I don't need you to be a fucking GI gel. There's real data as to why coal showers are beneficial. For example, people who take coal showers actually get sick less. There was a study where they had the participants take coal showers for 90 days. Only some of the participants take coal showers for 90 days. And then what they noticed was the people who took coal showers got sick significantly less after that. Enduring the time here is a study basically. The effect of cold showers, health work, randomized control. They call them sick a lot less. So it approves your immune system. You know, you may have heard in the past that, man, when it's cold outside, I get sick. Temperature doesn't make you sick dummy. That's the no fucking wives tell. If temperature made people sick, then everybody would catch the flu after they did a fucking coal plunge. All right, viruses and bacteria make you sick. The reason people get sicker and the winter is because we spend more time indoors with each other and we're spreading viruses and bacteria among each other is more effectively. And people get less exposure to the sun, right? And the lack of vitamin D lowers people's immune system causing me to sick more. I haven't been sick in eight years. Not the whole reason. But a part of that is I take coal showers. I think coal showers every day, right? But I didn't start taking it for the immune system. I started taking it because it actually improves your mood. Well, a lot of people noticed I was diagnosed with bipolar two when I was younger. And after do certain things to regulate my mood, a lot of that comes down to regulating your hormones, the neurochemicals that are going off in your brain. Because emotions are just collections of different neurocapital schools going off in your brain. Dope and me, epinephrine, oxytotin, serotonin, things like that. Different combination of these is what an emotion is. So I approached my bipolar from a neuroscience perspective and one thing I wanted to do was increase my dopamine levels. And there are studies that show basically coal showers are treatment for depression. Ice bass was one of the first depression treatments before the drugs and pharmaceuticals were invented. They would have people getting in the ice bass or fucking freeze and cold water. And what they noticed was their mood improve and it started curing people of depression. And the science behind it as well. You know, you can read this at my own time, doork. But basically, cold immersion can increase dopamine levels up to 200%. So it actually increases your dopamine levels temporarily. And this is very important. This is other health benefits as well. But I think those are the main reasons why you want to take cold showers. One didn't increase his dopamine. If you dopamine increases, you'll be in a better mood. You'll be happier and you'll have more drive. When people say, man, I'm just not motivated. That's somebody who is very low dopamine. When you dopamine levels are high, you're super motivated and you're ready to get accurate. So you need to increase dopamine with cold exposure. So I'll take cold showers every day. I'll do cold plunges. I do cryo therapy. And that's my preferred cold exposure method. And it helps me wake up in the morning as well. You get a spike of nor a pernephrine and a little bit of adrenaline when you're immersed in that cold water. Because remember, emotions are just neurochemicals. And if you can naturally manipulate your own neurochemicals, then you can manipulate your own mood. So again, if you take those cold showers, you'll get sick less and get sick is fucking wag. Suck a shit. Every time I hear a muff up, you're in sick. And I'm like, ah, you were pussy. Stop getting sick and coach hours to help you with that. Because when you're sick and not doing what? Making money. You're not making money if you're sick. Baby, I'm just sitting in eight years because it's fucking wag. Next thing you need to do is walk every day. It sounds like some hippie bullshit, but just work with me. After my father come into the side. So people were like, they branded maybe she's talked to a therapist. So I wouldn't talk to a therapist. It wasn't really that helpful for me. But the one thing that was helpful, he recommended that I walk every day without headphones. No music, no phone or nothing. Phone doesn't really pop in like that we had to zip phones and shit, but no devices. And he said, go for it 30 minute walk every day. Just be alone with your thoughts. That was super helpful. And when I would notice when I went on these walks, especially alone and I just went my thoughts. I started coming with ideas. Problems would get solved. It helps with creativity. It helps you get your thoughts together. I don't want to journal or shit like that because I'm a jean. But I found it's super beneficial to walk every day. Just from my mental health standpoint. I found it's super beneficial. Just go for 30 minute walk every day. I do it every morning. I walk out, I go outside. You know, I live right on the ocean. You notice the ocean front Miami condo. So I walk outside on the ocean. I see manatees. They come say with some manatees. So everyone's watching your dolphin. You know, the sea creatures. They come in this show. It's a dope way to start today. Get it popping. You know, in this study, people who walked for 20 minutes a day outside, 43% fewer sick days. They noticed that study had to prove their immune system. So this is probably another reason why I never get sick. Another reason I don't get sick. This is not advice. What I'm about to say, but I do. I've been doing keto for eight years. And study showed it. Keto, Jenny died and proves your immune system when they put animals on keto. They live longer. I shit. Anyway, this will help you. Because get remember getting sick is why. Next have it. Get a trainer. If you struggle with your weight or if you're struggling with getting kind of safe, you want to get in. Get a trainer, man. And if you never had a trainer, even if you know how to work out, get a trainer for a year. When I first started working out when I was 16, I was reading, you know, magazines. We didn't have the internet. It wasn't really out. But I was reading magazines, reading books, which are probably better than internet. On fitness. And I was making progress that first year. But then I went home for one summer. I wasn't military school, right? So I went home for one summer. So I was a friend of the family. It's got an Aaron Muhammad. And he was voted number one trainer Chicago. And he was a friend of the family. So he liked trained me for the summer for free. You know, just because he was showing me love. He was like, I took me under his wing. During that time, I made so much more progress than when I was working out among. And I learned so much that I took with me. If you have a goal that you're serious about, you should get some sort of coach or some sort of trainer to help you with it. Because this thing about it, you don't know. It's called unconscious incompetence. Right? So this is the incompetence quadrant. Unconscious incompetence. This means this stuff you don't know that you don't know. Then there's conscious incompetence. This is better because at least you know this shit you don't know. Then there's conscious competence. There's some stuff you know you know. And master is unconscious competence, right? Like you can do it on command. It's like ex and Michael Jordan to dribble. Good heaven or ball and tell me dribble. Like he doesn't have to think about it. A lot of you motherfuckers are on this side of the curve. Where you think you know some shit because you watch some fucking YouTube videos. When you get a real trainer, someone who's really working with you, they're going to show you stuff that you didn't know that you didn't know. They're going to notice things in your form or they're going to notice things in your training. Embalysis you had that you don't even know that you don't know it. Leave it to train for a few months. If you get a good trainer, it's really going to step up your game. But most of you guys aren't tracking your calories, your macros. If you get one who could track your macros and all this stuff, man, it's really going to help you out. You're going to make more progress than those three months in your day. All last year combined if you never had a trainer before. I promise you I guarantee you come back to this video and tell me I guarantee you. You want to do that with everything. When I was first learning to play guitar, I was watching YouTube videos. All right. I was using videos and learning guitar. And I made some progress. I can get some chords. All right. But then I hired a guitar teacher to work with me directly. And man, the first three months I worked with him, I made more progress that I made in the last two years combined in those three months because there was just stuff I didn't know that I didn't know. And it was stuff that I was doing that I couldn't see because it's hard to see the picture when you're within the frame. And he can look at me and say, oh, no, you can do this. And this little changes would just help me get so much better, so much faster. You get that rapid feedback. You don't get as much feedback or you don't get the same rate of feedback when you're doing something all alone. You know, the way you improve is through a feedback loop. Right. You do shit. Fuck up. Then you get feedback. Then you improve. All right. This is how you get good or anything. All right. When you were trying to learn how to walk, you started fucking walking, you bust your shit, your parents tried to help you. You said, oh, if I do this shit wrong, I fall down. All right. You got some feedback. Then you improved. This is how anyone gets good at anything. This is how you've got good at anything you're good at. If you're good at anything. Having some sort of coach speeds this shit up because you get instant feedback. If I was playing a court wrong in front of me, I don't know. Move your finger right here. Oh, it would be mad along the figure that shit on my home. Right. Same thing when you have a trainer. You can improve the feedback loop. It speeds up the feedback loop so you get better faster. Next happens when a pickup is meditated daily. I've been meditating twice a day, 15 to 20 minute sessions every day for the last about 15 years. It's difficult to overstate how beneficial it could be for your life. So let me show you studying after eight weeks of mindfulness meditation. Academic studying what happens was the participants increased the grey matter density in their frontal lobe. And that's the part of your brain that makes decisions. You know, your neocortex. This is where logic comes from. Human beings have a bigger neocortex that allows us to create things like language to build civilizations, to make YouTube videos where other animals struggle in those endeavors. If you can make that part of your brain more dense, you'll be more logical. You'll be able to make better decisions, right? And let's have a fucking space. And as another study this shows that it was done by Harvard University to show that after eight weeks of meditation, the participants, a migdola, started to shrink. The migdola is the part of your brain that makes you feel fucking spas. This is where fear and anxiety and stress come from. It's basically your fight or flight responses, right? So day about this. Eight weeks of meditation. Your frontal lobe is going to be more dense. Your more dense. Science shows, right? Which means you'll be more logical. Your amygdala is going to shrink. Which means you're going to be less of a fucking panicky ass spas. How can that not improve your life? I can't think of any endeavor where being more logical and less emotional, let's of a spas wouldn't be better visual. It's going to help you with all areas of life. And I see it all the time. You know, sometimes I'm at the plane station. I call it the plane station. I'm at the plane station. Some of it in the flight to get delayed as we both. Yeah, let it at the fucking plane waitress. I'm like, yeah, man, it's just a plane waitress, man. She don't control air traffic controls, not her fault. Right? The yell is spas and now having to fit. And I'm cool. It's a fan. I mean, it's inconvenience for me too, but I'm not being a child about it. Because I've been meditating for 50 years. I see people spas and all the time. Like if you can't handle stress, if any little thing knocks you off course, is going to be super difficult for you to do anything important in life. How you going to have employees in shit if you're a spas. What kind of boss you can be if you're spas? What kind of a parent you're going to be if you're spas and now you can't be logical? What kind of a man should you be spas and out like a woman all the time? Right? Be calm. This is one of the reasons why I'm so much cool in you. Because if eight weeks of meditation would do that for your brain in the corner of studies, the math with 15 years does is going to really help you with your life. Right? And the next habit you need to make this year the best year you like is to start tracking everything. That's why I got a habit tracker for you to download and description. It's called the thick revision plan. What you want to do is you want to use it and start tracking everything. And you can modify it to add more areas to track. So basically you can come over to your habit tracker and start tracking things. Because remember, remember we talked about before when you are being observed by someone else or yourself, study show that your performance improves. And then it just gives you data. So being you can actually add more things to track. And you can take things away if you want. The only thing that I wouldn't take away with the habit tracker is I wouldn't take away to income because this graph is dynamic. So just keep that there otherwise the graph won't work and keep your weight here otherwise the graph won't work. But then there's another part of the Victor revision planner. Right? So you can basically plan out your goals. Alright? So we go to this action planner this part right here. And now this is just dummy data, but you put all any goal you have for the year in these columns. Put a goal in each column. Right? And then you put every step you put down every step in detail. And you can go in here and add way more stuff to the step. But you want to put a deadline on it. Most of the things would be like, oh, a plan my goal is like, did you plan out every step and put a deadline on every note? This is just a fucking wish. Right? And this is free. So once you have every step of all your goals planned out with a deadline on each, then what you can do is you can look here at the progress. So now we broke it all these down in steps. And you can see where you are on each step with the progress tab. And once you start something, let's say, I started this just now boom, I moved that over to progress. And you can see where you are in the goals. What gets done? What's up? Oh, I did that. That's what something moving over here to done. And you can do it like this to even move it over here like this or you can do it like that. Now here's where it gets really good. As I remember I said, you want to put a deadline on every step. Now you have a tab here where it's like this month. Oh, this is the thing. These are the things I have to do this month to accomplish my goal. So it's all the task that you have to do this month. And we have the same thing not started progress done for this month. This is where you break your goal. You're big goals down into steps. And you know, oh, if I do all these things this month, I'll be right on track. Then you can go here bringing down a little bit more to this week. This is the only thing I got to do this week to hit my goals. It's very important. You can always change the date. If it doesn't look like you're going to do it or you miss it. I don't know how you move because it accomplish your goals without doing this. I've been doing a version of this for decades. Oh, I know how you don't. That's how you ended up watching videos about how the accomplished your goals. How about we change this ship? Download the free big revision planner. It's a free notion template. All you got to do is hit the link in the description. Download it. It's 100% free. I also have another video on how to use this. My big video. I just going to put it up here somewhere.

=== FILE: 10 Hacks to be 99.9% More Disciplined That Cost Nothing [LUYl19W3yuY].txt ===

I'm about to give you 10 hacks that will make you more disciplined than almost everyone. You'll be able to utilize this newfound discipline in order to attack your goals and deploy them against all your dreams and aspirations. I'm well suited to talk to you about discipline because I built several multi-eight-figure businesses. While not having to sacrifice my health, I built the kind of physique and I didn't have to sacrifice my relationships. I made relationships with my family, my friends, me, novia, but it all comes from discipline. What's up with this discipline? Without discipline, you will fail in life. And if you don't have enough discipline, just sit through this video and take copious notes. Then success will forever allude you. You'll probably die poor alone. And that's the best case scenario. If you die with some kids in your poor or a family in your poor, then you're going to train to be undisciplined. Fux, staying in the window, being jail, doing all types of bullshit. But if you're too undisciplined, you only have to worry about that because you probably won't be able to find a human woman to make what you want to worry about that. Hey, let's get into the habits. The first habit that will make you more discipline than almost everyone is managing your dopamine. Dopamine is a neurochemical, it's critical for drive, determination. People with high dopamine, they really go after their goals. They're always getting after it going for your business and body who's waking up early. He's working out, he's running this business or crushing that a work that he's doing shit with his family. He seemed like he's at 100% all day. I guarantee you that person has a ton of dopamine in your system. Studies show that you need dopamine in order to have drive and go after your goals. But you have to manage your dopamine because it's a dark side. So we've all heard of dopamine hits or dopamine spikes that lead to crashes. Let's say your brain is like a trough full of dopamine. This is the dopamine, that's the good stuff. But when you engage in that inactivity that spikes your dopamine to unnatural levels, these are things like video games, drugs, alcohol, casual sex, fucking holes, pornography, you know bullshit. But these things do is they deplete your dopamine reserves. They'll come back to a high level, but it takes time. And this is what people will experience the crash. This is the crash after an all night rager. And they do it a whole bunch of crazy dopamine, dopamine, their genics stuff at night. Maybe they had a party, maybe they got to the club, start doing drugs, casual sex with random people. The next day, the dopamine is going to be super low. And it's going to be really difficult for them to fuck around and do spreadsheets or or fucking accounting in the morning. Doing something boring because it's also the contrast. The dopamine levels will come back. However, it takes time. Problem is that people are doing these things over and over and over and over again. And they never give their body enough time to actually replenish their dopamine. And that's why they lag drive and motivation. So what you want to do is manage your dopamine levels. So you gotta stay away from cheap dopamine. At least during the day. Much possible, stay away from cheap dopamine. These are things like night life, pornography, video games, excessive social media scrolling, excessive TV, TV can deplete your dopamine, drugs. These things make your dopamine levels plummet. They feel good in the moment. But then you have to pay for it. After it will be super difficult for you to actually go out to your goals. Almost impossible to have an updiscope in the go after your goals and really get after it in a state of depleted dopamine. So you want to manage these things. These are why vices are so nefarious. This is one of the reasons why I just noticed I started feeling better. Once I stopped doing all recreational drugs. I don't go out the clubs. I don't parties. All that shit. I mean, I'll kick it with some friends. But I'm still at the crib sleep by 10. Because I want to really manage my dopamine. I just noticed that I had more drive for other stuff. Did more like boring work for my business or whatever goals that I'm working on. And the things you can do to actually help increase your dopamine naturally. They'll actually help increase your dopamine reservoir. So study show that cold therapy, these are cold showers, ice baths, cryotherapy has been shown to momentarily increase dopamine by 200%. Working out increases dopamine. There's a sub caffeine actually increases dopamine. But not in a negative way. It enhances the receptors. So you can actually feel dopamine better. There's a sub-micard ill tyrosine that's naturally increases dopamine. Here's what's going to happen. Once you stop doing these things that are, it's suck it dopamine out of you. These things that give you that unnaturally high spike of dopamine. You'll have a higher baseline on average. And then you'll feel better about yourself. You'll feel better about your life. And more importantly, the only way you can get dopamine spikes is actually accomplishing. Things will help you accomplish your goals. And you'll start to become addicted. This is how work a hallics are made or people who love working out. They're only endopening from things that can help them accomplish the goals. And it becomes a feedback loop where they actually start to enjoy the things that used to take discipline to do. Discipline hack number two. Surround yourself with winners. Some always tell young people or anyone who listen is you either want to ride with the winners. We're going to lay with losers. You become like the people you're around whether you want to or not involuntarily. This is why people from certain readers, regions, even in America they might have similar accents. It's not in your DNA. They picked it up involuntarily from everyone else. There's why people from different regions around the world are similar religions. They all address similar to similar cultures, right? Because you become like the people you're around with you what you're not. But it's way deeper than that. Here's a study that shows that number one predictor of how much money someone is going to make. It's how much money their friends make. This is part one of this. They did a two part study. You can read this on your own. I'm not going to fuck and read it to you. There that's what this, the scientists realized that the number one predictor how much money someone will make is how much money their friends make. And you may think this is just a one-off study. No, this tons of studies show this. For example, here's a Harvard Medical School University study that showed that if one person becomes obese, there's siblings or their spouse almost always gain weight as a result. It's another study showing that when one spouse gets a weight loss treatment, the untreated spouse also experiences the weight loss. They notice that these people's spouses started to lose weight too as a result. You become like the people you're around. His another studying weight loss treatment is influenced untreated spouses and the home environment is a real, real effect. Well, one spouse goes through a weight loss protocol. The other spouse who's untreated actually starts losing weight too. And then this is my favorite one. This study shows that if one of your friends becomes obese, you have a 45% chance. I've become an obese as well. But here's the crazy part because we've kind of established that already. If a friend of your friend becomes obese, you're likely to hit of gaining weight increases by 20%. Let's say, Nima, he got a fat friend and I don't even know if that motherfucker gets super fat. Nima has a 45% chance to get fat. But I had now have a 25% chance to get fat. Yo fat is free to fucking up my shit and I don't even notice my fucking. Let's take it to further. Let's say Nima has a friend who has another friend. Me and Nima don't even notice this fourth motherfucker. If he becomes obese, I still got a 10% chance to become an obese. I don't even notice my other fuckers. This was published in New England, Journal of Medicine. And this study is one of the largest obesity studies of all time and it's spanned over 33 years. Right, this show that you can check this. This is really a fascinating study. You become like the people you're around with. You want to or not. So if you make friends who are disciplined or getting after going after their goals, you start hanging around them, that's going to rub off on you. And you're going to start to involuntarily assimilate with you once or not. And also what I notice is if my friends start fucking a copish and goals, it does start making a whole bunch more money every time it happens. Not only do I just start making money, right? Because I'm with them. We probably get pretty pretty to a lot of the same information. But I don't want to get laughed by all my friends. I don't want my friends to get the way more successful than me. And I don't want to be the fucking poorest friend. So it makes you want to step your game up. And I encourage my friends to make as much money as possible to do as much success as possible because I like that pressure. Right? I'm not trying to hold them back to be better than them or to be on their level. It's like I want them to keep going. It's going to propel me as well. But just like that with fitness, money, anything. If you had disciplined friends, it would be easier for you to be disciplined. If your friends are fucking shitheads than you know, fuck them. Family members too. I've cut my fuckers off because they were shitheads. Family members are like, oh, you ain't got no integrity with yourself. You are bitch nigga. I can't fuck with you. Hack number three. I just have some next level shit. You may have heard some of the other shit but I have invented some shit. I think you need to make a vision board. At the risk of sounding like one of these white chicks who collect rocks and shit, bitch got a gravel pit next to her bed. You know, I'm saying different colors. She pranks at the moon wearing hip joy. The risk of sounding like one of them is something about visualizing yourself and having a vision board years ago. Man, it might have been almost 10 years ago. I had my video at that at the time, Johnny, he ain't with us no more. He Asian. But that means he's also good with technology. Fly with Johnny Ties is YouTube name. He wanted him fashion Asians. You know, he's talking about Asian fashion. It's lit. I say, yo, fly with Johnny Ties. I want you to take this image of me. Use Photoshop and put these two trophies in my hand. Right. So this is the plaque for a million YouTube subscribers. This is the plaque. Click funnels gives you once you sell over $10 million with a funnel you made on click funnels. And I printed this shit out and I put it on my fucking wall next to my desk. So I saw it every day. Look at this shit. That's the plaque. I got that one. I got the other one too, man. Straight up to something about this shit. I made it happen. And I had it in front of me every day. And I would see it. And I would imagine myself like that. I would feel the feelings. And then I would still go out for my goals, still work super hard. But yo, that's it. It maybe is a coincidence. Maybe it's all in my head. But here's what I think happens. You at this part of your brain called the reticular activation system. Right. And it's located the bottom of your brain. It's them. And it's responsible for filtering out the world. There's too many sounds, colors, textures, stimuli for you to focus on everything in your environment. So your reticular activation system, what it does is it filters out what it deans important. It's kind of like when you or when your friend gets a new car, and you start seeing that car everywhere. You didn't attract the car dummy. The car was always there. It just wasn't activated by your reticular by your RIS system. But once it got activated by your RIS, then you started to notice it. But the car was there at a whole time. That's what I believe is happening with the victim of war. I had this in front of me and I started seeing different paths to victory. I started seeing different things I could do. They were already there, but I activated them in that my reticular activation system. And now I got both of those things, man. And I got tons of other examples about like this. But I'm going to show you the news what you do. Now we got AI. I had Johnny at the time. You know I got fly with Johnny time. I'm not going to teach you how to do it. I went to this website called afell.ai. And this is a website where they had different models, all kinds of the image generation, videos generation, everything, right? And I trained an AI model on pictures of me. I just uploaded pictures myself, right? And the flux lower a portrait trainer. Boom, so if I click on this, and I trained a few models, right? So here's one of my models. Now the properties king every time I say I have king in here. And I tell you what the generate, the generate whatever I want. So instead of having Johnny tie, fucking copy and paste that shit. Now that you can do whatever you want, whatever you want to copy. What I'm going to do is I'm going to put a propped in here of me. I'm just going to say what I am, what I'm doing, boom, right? I put the propped in here, boom, let's see what happens. Make your own vision boards, man. But it's like, is you in this shit? I said yo, man, be surrounded by money. You could print that shit out. You could make your screen safer, something and really visualize it. I had a video editor at the time of the dude that should form it. Right, but you could just do it. Hold on, let me do another one for him. Boom, you can do exactly what I did before. But now we got AI. Check it out. What you trying to accomplish, man, how you want to live. I wouldn't wear that. I don't want to visualize that. With this shit, it works, too. What you trying to accomplish, man? Did you realize it, man? And you can see it and you make it you. And what this is going to do is this is going to train your RAF system to see different paths on how you can accomplish this. I don't think it's magic. I really think it's just psychology. When you start visualizing yourself as accomplished something, your mind will start seeing the paths, seeing ways around obstacles. Because they exist. You can do it. You'll be able to find it, man. I'm telling you, hack number four to become more discipline is the list of hate and the list of great. I've talked about this before, but you must focus on doing it otherwise you'd be rich by now. This is one of my top discipline hacks. So Seagman Freud, he was a coped up pervert, but he was also the father of modern psychology, right? And Seagman said, the reason anyone does anything, this is the guy doing something. He's either moving towards pleasure. This heart represents pleasure or away from pain, perceived pleasure or perceived pain. This is the reason why anyone does anything. He called it the pleasure pain for something. And you see it in the animal kingdom as well, right? That's how you guys train your pets. When you dog does some good, you give them a treat. Now you're doing that shit all the time, so you can get some treats or if you dog does some bad, like pisses on your girlfriend or something, then you gotta, I don't know, I never had a dog. How did punish dogs? Pist a whip on him? Spraying what I don't know what you gotta do, right? But then the dog learns to avoid pain. Let me not piss on the chip. You know what I'm saying? Let me not piss on this niggas bitch. You know what I'm saying? So I'm gonna avoid some pain. Humans are the same way. All this is we make are to avoid pain, or to move away from perceived pain, or towards perceived pleasure. So right now, you find it difficult to maybe eat right, because you associate pleasure with junk food, and you associate pain with healthy food. A lot of people associate pain with working out, and they associate pleasure with, they'll do something instead like video games. People associate pain with reading, so they don't study, and they associate pleasure with being off. These are just examples. You think you need discipline to fight this urge, but you're going against your natural, proclivities. What you need to do is change your association with pain and pleasure, and the way to do that is with list of hate and list of great. So what I want you to do, make a list of everyone who's doubted you, who said you couldn't accomplish your goals, who hated on you, chicks who cheated on you, chicks who rejected you, any motherfuckers who was standing your way. All the tractors, missing throaps, anyone who tried to stand in your way of greatness and incapacity, put them on a list of hate. Right this list, make it extensive list, and then you look at this list every morning. And just remember, when you don't work hard, the haters win. If you don't accomplish your goals, they weren't hating on you. They would just make it a fair assessment of your capabilities. They were just correct. You make in some of these haters look like they're in fortune tellers. I'm about to start asking these motherfuckers for stock tips, and lottery numbers, because they they fucking called it perfectly on your goofy ass. If somebody did something mean to you, somebody hurt you or attempted to hurt you in any capacity, you know, we live in a civilized society. We can't fuck them up anymore. The only way to hurt them is with your own success. Some people have made even motherfuck videos about this, and say, oh, you shouldn't be thinking about the age, you should do for yourself. You're shut your bitch ass up, man. You want to list now, bitch nigga. What this does, this makes you invincible. Now with someone hates on me, I get excited and like, oh man, I need a some more ammunition, but I need a some more fuel. I was about the rest. I got all these millions in shit. I needed another reason to accomplish more. This hate, NAS motherfucker helped me out. So now becomes a good thing that they hated on you. It makes you invincible. motherfuck is making videos about me. You'll do videos about me talking shit. And I'll do nothing. I'm gonna respond. I'm not about to get into it. I didn't even even even watch it. Those are my ever watched this shit. There's somebody sensitive to me, you know what I'm saying? But I don't even be watching this shit. motherfuck is being tagged in the shit. I'm just, I'll show them my feet, but I ain't gonna watch it. It's like, you know, he's motherfuckin' fit the judge. The king. But it's like, oh shit, motherfuck more motherfuckin' his hating. Nice, this is more fuel. So I don't sit around all angry. I'm excited, like, mmm. I'm gonna give him some the hate on. This is one dude. What do you even talk it all? Times of crazy shit about me, man. You're saying. And it's fucked up because we just friends. Little loose cool with each other at least, you know? And I respond and nothing. Next you know the motherfuckin' have hard attacks, almost dying the shit. He on YouTube talking about he and got no money, no more he broke. And I ain't even have to do nothing, man. But his hate helped me and hurt him. Right? Because when somebody's hating on you, right? You think God's gonna bless the person who's out here. Tell me shit about people. God ain't gonna bless him up for going out here. Spreading negativity, man. You only gonna bless some people who spread in positivity, man. Like, really think about if you believe in any higher power, you really doing yourself with this service. So that's why I don't even try to get these people back. I'm gonna talk shit about him because I don't want to get sucked into that negativity where I want to spread negativity throughout the world. I just keep state positive optimistic. And I focus on the people I'm trying to help my business and everything. And, you know, God bless you for that. What did Jesus say, man, when he was on the cross? Your father forgive him. They know now what they do. I just be letting shit right up with like, I hate, man. Now you want to list the hate. Once I plug in a accomplish even more, you're gonna feel sorry that you wasn't an ally. I could help somebody these motherfuckers right now if I wanted to. If they wasn't on that bitch, they could shit. This will give you fuel. So every time you want to do some bullshit, just think, man, if I do that, the haters win. Every time you don't work on your goals, the haters win. Every time you skip it, it'll work out, the haters win. Every time you, you will eat some candy, a cake, like a fucking woman or a child, the haters win. Who's gonna win the only one that's on you? Then you want to make the list a great. So remember we talking about making your vision board. Imagine a version of yourself who already accomplished all the goals, all the dreams, all the aspirations you want. And then go back to your list of great. Start writing the list. Like, what kind of habits does he have? What time is this person work up? Does he skip workouts? Is he consistent? Make a huge list. And look at that list every day. Look at the list of hate. And then look at the list of great everyday. And what's going to happen is every time you start acting in congruence. With what's going to get the list of great, you're gonna start feeling better about yourself. You're gonna start liking the self. It's gonna become a positive feedback loop. Time you act in congruence with this. You're gonna hate yourself a little bit. And that's okay. A little bit of self hate. It's helpful. Because remember you're moving towards pain or pleasure. So if you try to make yourself feel good about being a bitch, it's gonna be more difficult for you to accomplish it. Go. Once you start acting in congruence with something you list a great. To be clear, this is what you have to do to become the man you want to be. When you start acting in congruence with it, what's going to happen is your associations with pain and pleasure will start to change. You'll start associating pain with junk food and shit. Because you know, oh man, if I could eat this bullshit, but if I do that, the haters win. And you'll start associating pleasure with the healthy stuff, with the good things. Not only are you shitting on the haters, but also you start acting in congruence with something you're listed great and then you start to like yourself more. You start to have more confidence. Because a lot of people say, man, I don't have enough confidence. You gotta give yourself a reason to be confident. Well, fucking, you can't just do it. Just say, hey, I'm confident. You can bullshit everyone else, but you can't bullshit yourself. And every time you do the shit that's in congruence with your list of great, you're going to fucking dislike yourself a little bit. As you should, how much you would you like somebody who was telling you everything I'm doing this for your own due to that for your manager's way. Right? And they never do it. How much you would you like to, how much confidence would you have in them? That person is you. So once you start doing the things you say you're going to do when you start keeping the promises you make yourself, you'll start to have what confidence is. You start to like yourself more. And then you'll start, you'll start to become a habit. You won't actually even need as much discipline because you'll want to do the things. Because it's start to feel good. And you'll know that your success is the only way to get back at these holes who cheer on you to these moments who started to shit. Your success is the only way. Imagine the chicks who did me dairy like, you know, years, years ago. They just still all section eight and shit. Tom about the body, crib, man. They can't feel good to know you black your blessing like that. The guys who was the homies and they shit at all me, you know what? I can snap my finger and change that like if I wanted to. But I'm not because they made it on the list of, hey, the beauty of it is the list, the list of, hey, made me way more. Well, the money. Every time when you fucking nerds make a video about me, it's like, hmm, and also here's the thing when people do hate on you. You don't take it as personal because now you like yourself. Once you start acting in congruent with this, you like yourself. So when I'm not fucking talk shit about you, you're making me, I don't even fucking watch this shit. It's man, let somebody says to me, it says I should watch it, right? I like myself so much that the criticism sounds ridiculous to me, right? It's like, it's somebody say, you're a brand man, you look like a fucking tiny, Chinese woman. That would mean nothing to me, right? I would probably look at that person like he was kind of crazy like, man, you got some mental illness, huh? That's fucked up, man. But if somebody said you're branded, you need to work on your calves. And I'm like, oh, yeah, that's something that I'm really guy insecure about, right? It doesn't, I do hate says the calf raises a date. It would hit me, right? Because I don't love the size of my calves, you know? They get that you know, they get it. They got it, they've got a lot better, it's not embarrassing. But because I like myself so much with somebody shit, so on me, it's like, oh man, you know, I'm bad, nigga. They're like, bro, you don't even know. But you gotta be able to say that with integrity, and don't go to do that, to keep the promises you make to yourself. Hack number five. Plan out every hour of every day. Bruce Lee once said, if you love life, don't waste time because time is what life is made of. So if you waste time, you waste a life. And if you're not planning out every hour of your day, well, guess what, man, people don't plan to fail. They fail to plan. If you fail to plan your day, and I could leave it in the chance, and you might end up a failure. If you look at my calendar, I got every hour of every day planned out, brother. I and I are just fucking around. It's choreographed. It's schedule. As a result, I get way more to work. I have a whole video on how to plan out your calendar. If you say nothing from this video, nothing from me, it's just our plan and every hour of every day in your calendar. Everybody out coach who started doing this, if they did that for just 90 days, they always accomplish way more in those 90 days than they did the last year or two before that. Because you can squeeze so much more life out every day. And think about the bad habits that you have. A lot of people are trying to get rid of bad habits. How to all quit bad habits. How to don't even think about quitting the bad habits. All you gotta do is crowd them out. So if I got every hour of my day planned, when am I gonna have time to do all that bullshit to you to have them done? There's no room on the calendar for it. When I stopped smoking weed, I didn't mean how do you quit smoking weed? If you asked me, I was like, no, I just plan my calendar with shit that I need to do to cover some of my goals that I didn't do well when I was high. I had stopped smoking weed for almost a year before I officially said, you know what? I should just say I quit, right? But I had already quit. I just hadn't done it. I just filled my calendar with good shit. Same shit with drinking. I didn't even try to quit drinking. I just didn't have time. Because I packed my calendar for the city to help me accomplish my goals. I promise you, if you just do this, your whole life will change. You accomplish way more and you'll be able to get ready to get bad habits. What how do you even fucking try and hack number six is ruthless goal setting. I showed you guys how to set goals before I have time to video about it. Right? A big mistake is they set goals that they feel are attainable for them right now. The problem with that is if you only set goals that you're current self is capable of accomplishing, then there's no reason for you to grow. But if you set goals that you're current self is not good enough to accomplish yet, that's going to force you to what? It's a growth. It's going to force you to have to learn more that the develop more skills to become more disciplined, become a different person. You need to set goals that force you to become different. That's going to give you out of what your comfort zone. But if you only set goals within your comfort zone, then there will be no reason to leave that comfort zone. And you'll be stuck there in the prison of your own making and confinement, held down by the shackles of your own mediocrity. But if you set a goal, this so crazy that you can't accomplish it now with your current skillsets, then you have to develop more skillsets. If you have a goal, you say, man, I don't know how to do that. Guess what? Now you have to learn how to do that. The goal can serve as a mechanism for personal development. The goal can make you better. Man, I want to do that, but I think that's kind of disciplined. Guess what? If you set the goal, there requires more discipline. You have to become more disciplined. And you will learn more about setting goals. I have a whole other video on it. And I have a goal setting template to show you exactly how to do it. Walking through it's tremendous. It's changed thousands of lives so far in counting. Hack number seven. Track everything. Track the metrics. I've talked about this before. And I'll put a link here to a habit track that we have in there. You know what I'm saying that you guys can check out. It's in the description now. I actually track with time. I'll wake out. I track how many hours of sleep. I track every workout. I track all the food I consume all my macros. I track how much water I drink in today. I track all the KPIs from our business, release, revenues, conversions, engagement. And I look at all these numbers daily. A lot of times when we have goals. What happens is we focus on the goal. This trophy represents the goal you want to go. But sometimes the goal, especially if you set goals the way I told you, they may be far away from where you are. And it may look almost insurmountable. Like, oh, I can't do that. That's so far. And then you might see other people who accomplish that goal. And you start feeling bad at the result. Tell us you start hating. This is how haters are made. A haters will see somebody shining. And like I can't do that. On an emotional scale and a moccity and anger feels better than in adequacy. So that's why they rather just hate because it relieves them a defiling of inferiority. The experience when they see a real negative flexing on them, they start to feel better. But this can happen to all of us when we look at our goals. And we feel like we're too far away. Instead, you want to think about all the metrics, all the actions that need to be accomplished for you to actually hit the goal and just focus on an action. Just focus on a metrics. For example, if you want lose 10,000 fat 10 weeks easy, all you got to do is be in the 500 calorie-clorid deficit every day for a week. Your board 3500 calories. That's how many calories you need to burn. One pound of fat 3500. It's just mad. You just look at the metrics. And if you do that 10 weeks in a row, you'll lose 10,000 fat. It's mathematically impossible for it to happen in any other way. So all you got to do is break down with the actions you need to take daily and only look at the actions and then you'll feel good because you'll know you're making progress. So when I said a goal, I don't even look at the goal anymore. I only look at the actions that are required to accomplish the goal. Actually, if it was a goal that's like, you know, fucking a year from now or months away from now, I just look at today. I didn't need to have a perfect day today. I need to hit all my metrics today. I hit my macros today. I need to hit the number of leads we need to have today. I need to hit all these things today. And then I just need to make today successful day. I don't have to think about the whole shit Martin Luther King said, you don't need to see the whole staircase. You don't need to see the first step in front of you. And then you start stringing together successful days. You do that for a week. You got a successful week. You start stringing together successful weeks. Now you got successful months. You start stringing together successful months. Now you got successful years. You can make huge progress. And if you're stringing, you get the successful years. And you'll be. But it all starts with what's happened in today. So I said a look in at the fucking gold, this months or years from now. All I look at is today. And I get serious about making today perfect. And that's what one of the reasons why I track and it's so important. It narrows your scope. I just need folks to listen to front of me. And down low to habit, the victory vision planner, it will break down how to do it is free. So new description. Nothing you need to do is stay away from negativity. They remember we talked about earlier how you can become like the people you're around and your reticulate activation system. I'm not telling you to be positive. I'm saying just don't be negative. Tell you, this is one of the most important things. I don't let people around me say negative things about themselves. People here on time, they're around me. Somebody says, oh man, I can't do that. I'm like, what man? Don't say stuff about yourself. You don't want to be true. And I won't say nothing negative either. Instead of saying, I'm tired. You know, I need to get more energy. But instead of saying, I'm hungry. I'm saying, no, I need to get some of the eat. Instead of saying, man, I can't afford that. I say, I need to figure out a way where I can't afford that. Both things are true in everyone of those examples. Right. But one sounds like a moped-foot who didn't gave up, looking for sympathy like a punk. And the other one sounds like somebody was like, you know, like, you know what? I'm gonna make this happen no matter what. Who would you bet on? The guy who says, I mean, I got enough money or the guy says, yo man, I need to figure out a little more money. Like, just who would you bet on? That needs to be you. Even when my HTT, the program where I teach people are growing online, I thinnest business when I'm doing a lot of causes. Students, they're like, yeah, I'm trying to do this. I say, what? The T-word? No, I mean, we don't try around. We're not fucking tribe babies. You're working on figuring it out because tribe lies uh, you know, my, I'm not, no, no, I'm working on figuring out and I will not rest until it is figured out. Procture with that attitude. And negativity is contagious, man. So you can't let people be negative around you. Like, you gotta have a real no negativity zone, no negativity buffer. And I'm not saying everything's gonna feel good all the time. You know, and I'm not saying you gotta be positive. I'm saying don't be negative. You know, I was going through something over the last few weeks. I don't want to talk about it because I was trying my best not to focus on the negative, but it was giving me sometimes. I was just focused on, what can I do to make this better? How can I make this better? And I got it really aggressive about it. And, you know, it's starting to get better now. You know, but you gotta get aggressive about the solutions, even if you're going to a problem. And in hack number nine, it's start going to bed early. So you saw earlier, my, my, my thing went off this since started to ready for bed. Yes, eight, 30. That went off at eight, 30. It's a long, start getting ready for bed. Uh, if you go to bed early, it does a lot of good things. One, you're probably wake up early, get more sleep. One, the more sleep you get, sleeps going to help your gains, helps your focus, uh, it helps with your cognitive abilities. And it, it's more sleep improves your mood, right? But also, if you go to bed early, you will avoid a lot of the bullshit. If I'm sleep at 9, 30, 10, 30, around that time, how much bullshit can I get into? Most of the bad decisions I may have been after 10 p.m. Instead of having to try to avoid a lot of bullshit, I sleep through it. It caused me to wake up early because I wake up early. I get to work in the morning, undestracted. And I give my most important stuff done. Before the rest of the world wakes up, before people start texting me, before people start trying to give me their problems that I have to solve. You know, I got fucking 30 employees, like having 30 kids. And all their problems become your problems. Monthly because in their family die, and now you got to figure out how to get the work and get to die. Because they had a funeral. I didn't tell them, if I would have smoked them cigarettes on a mirror, right? That's my problem now. You want to get shit done before it starts happening. A lot of success people wake up early. Some of them don't. That's cool. And I just think one of the main things to go to bed early is you avoid all the bullshit. Hack number 10 is meditation. It's a few reasons why this works on a biological level. So here's a study that showed after eight weeks of meditation. It shrunk there, a migdala. So the migdala is the part of your brain where you start to spaz out. It controls, it's like the fearsome in your brain. They reported having less fear and less anxiety, but brains can show that the part of your brain that actually produces fear and anxiety shrank. There's another study to show that through muscle meditation, it actually increases the size of the gray matter in your neocortex. And that's the part of your brain where logic comes from human beings have a larger neocortex than majority animals. That's why we can do things like create mathematics and languages and make you two videos where other animals typically struggle in those endeavors. This changes your neocortex meditation and makes that part of your brain so think about it. You are more logical and you're less of a spaz. Do you think it'll be easier to be disciplined in a more disciplined and unroll situation? It's right because fear makes cowards of everyone if you spaz enough. This really works. You understand? And here's another study that showed that long-term meditators, they were able to cope with stress and anxiety just way better and manage their lives better. Right? These people were more organized according to this study. Meditation has been shown to change your brain on a structure of love to make it easier for you to manage yourself. It changes everything. I have a whole another video on meditation. You should check it out. These are the 10 hacks that I've used to make me want to really win in a more disciplined motherfucker instead. I know I can be better. I will give you one more tip to make you more disciplined. Commit to learn it because the more you learn the easier it is for you to accomplish your goals in general. And sometimes people aren't. They like this one because they don't even know what's possible but the more you learn what's possible you might start getting excited to go after your goals. And I have a resource for you to learn more. It's called the 10 Commandments of all the time training. This is a book that I wrote that helped people grow their online fitness business. I've helped thousands of people grow their online fitness businesses. And you know the growing of business takes discipline. Making money takes discipline. And if you don't have that it's going to be difficult for you to succeed in any business. Especially in online fitness business because not only do you have to be disciplined in business. You also have to be in having the discipline to be in shape to promote yourself as a trainer. Anyway, go check out that book right now. It'll put you in the right path. You're interested in building the business like that.

=== FILE: 10 Simple Ways To Manage Multiple Hobbies [d3IR5l3kgbo].txt ===

We've all heard the same Jack of all trades, Master of Nine. Problem with this ideology is that it places unnecessary limitations on how much we can grow. Because someone with multiple different hobbies, interests, and skill sets is way more valuable than somebody who's only good at one thing. Because he has a deeper reservoir of ideas to pull from. Having multiple hobbies will make you more creative, have become a way better idea that will eventually help you accomplish your big goals in life. Because you'll be more well-rounded. And they make you a more interesting person. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can cultivate different interests in skill sets in a way that will help you accomplish your big goals in life and leap past your competition. I'm sure you've got to manage your time, stay consistent with your new interests, and stay focused the whole time you're doing it. Wow, having fun. I'm someone who has multiple different hobbies, talents, and skill sets that I've cultivated over the years. My interest in skills include, but I'm not limited to making YouTube content like this video right here. Working out, playing multiple instruments, play keyboard, guitar, learning different languages, marksmanship, reading books. I'm going to have read these books, aren't decoration. I've read more books in this. I have way more storage than on my Kindle. Traveling, wakeboarding, and other water sports, like jet skiing, and snorkeling. I'm a big snorkeling fan, as well as traveling. I believe this combination of hobbies and talents and skillsets help me become a more well-rounded person, but also help me see things from different perspectives and gives me ideas that help me with my big goals. The first ways to manage multiple hobbies is make sure that the hobbies you have in the skills you're trying to develop move you towards your life goals. For example, I have a lot of income goals, and my businesses, most of them were built off the back of social media. So me making social media content on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, would start it off as a hobby actually helped me build the business and moves me further towards my financial goal. Because my main business is called Hot Take a Trainer, where I teach personal trainers how to build their online fitness businesses. Because I've been an online trainer for over 15 years, and I make millions of dollars as the online trainer. Now I teach other people out of grow their online fitness businesses, working out and staying in great shape actually helped me with that goal because if I didn't walk the walk, if I didn't look like a trainer, I don't think I can get trainers to take me seriously enough to actually work with me. Playing guitar, keyboards, that hobby actually helped me make a lot of the music that I put in the YouTube videos. And those are just a few examples of how my hobbies actually work with my goals and that counterproductive. But those are just the business goals. I have other goals as far as my relation goals with my girlfriend, the goals I have from my family, my son, my hobbies help with that as well. For example, I like to travel a lot. So a lot of times I'll bring my girlfriend with me. And then we build memories together and that helps with my relationship goals. Or I travel with my son. We go in a different places all the time. Took the boy to Orlando for the first time, took him to Disney World. Got the VIP pass is not the fast pass. No, the VIP pass. We jump in in front of everybody in life. What folks with the fast pass too? They think they got the fast pass a lot hopping in front of them. And I saw my son hate. Hey son, this is what happens when your parents don't work hard. You gotta win line. It's a good lesson for the kid. And it's a good lesson for the kids. We have the front of. So they can see, oh, this is how a ball they're supposed to be. Hopefully they said their goals higher is what? The marksmanship, you know, I got to defend the family. She goes crazy, man. Everyone feels safe around me because I am typically the most dangerous person everywhere. I go learn a different languages. My ability to speak Spanish has me communicate with my girlfriend's family. She's Dominican. Lop Amelia, no oblar in glaze. So for me to communicate with them, I got to talking espanial. So all the hobbies are synergistic with my life. This way when I'm working on one of the hobbies, I'm not wasting time. In fact, these hobbies and skills are helping me with my other goals. So it's very important to pick hobbies that move you further in life. If your hobby is weed smoking, call it duty sessions. Unless you are trying to be a professional gamer or professional weed smoker, it may not be aventacious for you and your life goals. Step number two is to actually set goals for your hobbies. For example, for traveling, I have a list of places that I want to visit. This is a place that I want to visit with my son, my nieces and nephews. This is a place that I want to take my girlfriend. Now I have gold, I summon the move towards when it comes to YouTube. My goal was a main subscriber, but we blew past that. Obviously for working out, we all have fitness goals, things we want to accomplish. And when you set a goal for your hobby, what happens is when you start tracking the progress and they give you more motivation, I hope you stay more consistent because you can start seeing the progress and you have something to work towards instead of just doing it randomly. But you can also set goals as it pertains to skills. It's something you want to get better at. The beauty is you can get good at anything with enough time. It's not about talent. It's about consistency. Everybody sucks at almost everything the first time they do it, but the more reps they get the better they get at performing the task. According to Malcolm Gladwell, in his book Outliers, you need to put in 10,000 hours of practice to be world-class, meaning one of the best in the world. However, for mostly your hobby, you don't need to be one of the best in the world at it to get results. So I've come up with something based off a number of books I've read. Obviously, I've been outliers by Malcolm Gladwell, the talent co-boy, some other motherfucking. And then the other book called Talent is overrated. There's a lot of books on skill acquisition. I came up with something called the skill acquisition matrix. For example, I believe that 100 hours of practice, it's something that makes you not bad. Anybody who's ever played an instrument knows what I'm talking about. If you practice an instrument for three months, which is around 90 days, it's a close-up, 100 hours. That person will be not bad at the end of the instrument. I'm not saying they're good, they're just not bad. Like, most of the things laughing at him. A thousand hours makes you good. Someone sees you performing that task or sees you engaging in that skill that will be like, oh, that guy's good. Two thousand hours makes you really good. This one people are impressed. Like, whoa, you're blowing people's minds and shit. Five thousand hours makes you amazing. This is the level where it checks to panese etch. Thous thousand hours obviously makes you one of the best in the world. Twenty thousand hours makes you one of the best ever. These are legends. You know, motherfucking my half posters that him and their rooms. They got statues. Most of us will never obtain that level of skill in anything. But you probably don't need it for your goals. But now it's just a math problem. So one hour a day, you can be not bad at three months. If you spend two hours a day working on your skill in around two months, you'll be not bad. Three hours a day in around one month, you'll be not bad. Now, for all you fucking math nerds, I'm rounding. Don't fact check me like a fucking door. Four hours a day, you can be not bad at anything in 25 days. Now here's the thing, if you want to be good at something. All right, one hour a day, you get there in 2.7 years. Two hours a day, you get there in 1.3 years. Three hours, you get there in a year. Four hours a day, you get there in eight months. Again, we're going to keep going. If you want to be really good at something, one hour a day, you get there in 1.5 years. Two hours a day, you get there in 2.6 years. Three hours a day, you can get there in two years. Four hours a day, you get there in about one and a half years. All right, 16 months. You want to be a fucking amazing. All right, if you want to check someone, panties at you. You can get there in 13 years, one hour a day. Two hours a day, you can get there in 6.8 years. Three hours a day, you can get there for four years. Four hours a day, you can get there in 3.4 years. Well, you want to be in the best in the world when hour a day is going to take 27 years. Two hours a day, give you 13 years, three hours a day, you get there in nine years. And four hours that you get there in 6.8 years. Here's the thing, in Malcolm Gladwell's book, he said that to get to 10,000 hours, it typically took about 10 years. Now, you want to be one of the best to ever do this shit. All right, well, one hour a day is going to take you 50, four years. Thanks. Right, two hours a day, it's going to take you 23 years, three hours a day, two hours a day, two hours a day, it's going to take you 13 years, right? Well, we probably don't need this. Like, I think you should set a goal to be good at your hobby, you know, set it going, just start working backwards. If you're not bad at a bunch of things, those skills start to overlap, right? I think anywhere in this area is a good, for most of your hobbies, a lot of you guys will be discouraged by that, but I want you to be encouraged by it. Because a lot of times we pick up a new hobby or we try to develop a new skill, and hopefully to get frustrated the first week or the first day. Look, I'm just not good at this and give up, but I look at this and I say, hey, I'm not even supposed to be good at this shit yet. Looking at the skill acquisition matrix, I'm right where I'm supposed to be, and it stops me from getting discouraged. The next tip is to recognize that slow progress is okay. You don't need to be world-class and mostly your goals right now. You're probably fine. Look at the skill acquisition matrix and understand that it's okay to be patient. It's supposed to take you a few years to really get really, really good at something. Here's the thing though. If you set the goal to just be not bad at something, if you want to learn a language, but you don't need to be a goddamn translator, you just need to be able to get around a different city in a different country, or have a small conversation with a Latina chick. Hundred hours is probably enough. A mere 18 minutes a day, you can be not bad at anything. You want to learn a play to guitar, practice 18 minutes a day. You want to learn a language, practice 18 minutes a day. You want to learn Cody, practice 18 minutes a day. And in a year you'll be not bad. It's okay to go slow. Depending on how important the goal is to you. I think that should be encouraging, because you probably don't need to be a fucking expert at everything. I'll probably never be as good as John Mayer at the guitar. What I don't need to be. I'm not playing live. It matters in square garden. Alright? I'm playing fucking courts. First of all, I was that I only going to go on YouTube videos. It's fine. I don't need to be Steve Vada Duresh. You've ever been to be Carl Lostan Thana to do that. It's fine. Once you make peace with that, then you can just make little bit of progress every day. And you can be more patient knowing that hey man, as long as I'm consistent, right? Just enjoy the process. Don't rush it. But it's only works if you do step four, which is to track your progress. So what I do with the skills I'm trying to develop is I actually track how many minutes I spend the day on each one of these things. And I have a habit tracker. It's free. I'll put it in the description of this video. It's free notion template where I track a bunch of habits. On there, I put in the skills that I'm working on. So I can actually track it and I have it so it adds up the total each month. And this way, I can see the progress I'm making. I'm just two things I'm working on getting a thousand hours on. And I'm tracking the progress. And I'm setting milestones every time I get a new hundred. I can get myself a reward. And this way, I break down the steps into milestones and it keeps me more motivated. And as I check them off, I get even more excited. And here's what's cool. As you improve in something, you start to like it more. So a lot of times people want to follow their passions. I think you need to develop your passion. Think about the things you really like. You're probably pretty good at it. Those you've ever played instrument. When you learn it in a new song, it's arduous at first. And it's not as fun learning a new song or practice anything. But once you get it, you want to only play that song. Right? You start to enjoy playing that song because you're good at it. So once you start racking up hours, and you start getting a level of proficiency, you'll start to enjoy it. And now the practice is more fun. But you also get a dope in me hit when you hit one of the milestones. So every time I hit another hundred hours on something, I get a dope in me hit. This gives me positive reinforcement to keep actually climbing towards that goal. But you won't be able to do that either unless you have step number five. It's to actually put the time in your calendar to work on your skills or to participate in your hobby. So I had the stuff planned out of my calendar every day. So you were my look like at every hour of every day planned out in my calendar. Right? And a lot of these time blocks are times for me to work on these hobbies or skills. As long as I follow the plan, I know exactly when I'm going to be good at something. Right? I don't worry about man, how long is it going to take me to get good? I know exactly how long is it going to take me to get good. And I know when I'll be good. So if I'm not good now, I don't get frustrated. I know, man, I like to keep practicing. And I'll be better this time next month. It allows me to not get frustrated when I'm fucking up at something. Because I know I'll get good at it. If you're nothing from this video, start planning out every hour of every day in a calendar. You'll get so much more done. You have more time. People around you will be amazed at all you will accomplish. If you do that for a year, promise. Now, you've got to understand number six is to understand the trade-offs you're making. Because I dedicated myself to developing all these different skills and different areas of my life. That means I'm going to have to make some sacrifices. To something I'm willing to sacrifice and to something I'm not willing to sacrifice. Life is a game of trade-offs. So when you're working on one thing, that means you're not doing something else. You decide to watch this video, that means you're now watching all the other videos on YouTube. Right? Made a trade-off. Constantly, you're unconsciously. I'm not willing to sacrifice my health. I'm not willing to sacrifice my family. I'm not willing to sacrifice my business or my money. So what's left? The bullshit. I don't have a lot of time to get high. I don't have a lot of time to party, chase bitches, or really engage in any vices. But the beauty of that is I didn't have to think about stopping those vices. I didn't have to make a big ceremony about not drinking. I quit drinking over 10 years ago. It wasn't like a ceremonial thing. It's just my fucking time, but back. But after, like that's a waste of a high. I do the things worse than I'm buying. You make your mileage may vary. But because my calendar is full of things that are productive, they're going to move me further towards my goals. And help me accomplish things. My calendar is packed with that from sun up to sundown. That is no time to chase holes. There's no time to get high. There's no time to drink or really engage in any vices. I'm still having fun. I'm still living life. I pick hobbies that I find. But an interesting that also helped me accomplish my goal, which was back to step one. You just gotta understand what the sacrifices you're willing to make for your goals. Then your goals become the sacrifice. You're always making the sacrifices. If you decide to get in a relationship with some person, that means you're saying note to every other person on earth. Practice guitar this afternoon. You're probably not doing anything else during that time. Always sacrifice this something. You want all the fucking chicks. Then you gotta sacrifice the good girl you met or the possibility of a relationship. It's always the sacrifices always to trade off life. It's the gang of tradeoffs. You gotta consciously decide what tradeoffs you want to make. And what tradeoffs you don't want to make. Number seven, if you really want to get good at any of these hobbies or mastering these skills significantly faster, it's to get some sort of coach. My first year playing guitar. I thought, man, I played the drums in high school. I played piano. I can learn guitar on my own. Man, I can figure it out. I just watched some YouTube video. And I bought some books, which helped as well. But then I met a dude. He was Nashville session musician. So he played on like a lot of famous country songs. When he was in Nashville and he had moved to New York for some shit. And I met him in those 90 days that I worked with him. I made way more progress than I had made the whole year before trying to do it on my own. Because when you have a coach, they can shorten your learning curve dramatically. In fact, most of the athletes have tons of coach. They have the coaches on their team. But a lot of them will hire other coaches. The Bron has nutrition coach. The Bron has a shooting coach. Tom Brady. I mean, he had all the coaches on the new England Patriots coaching staff. But he also hired his own coach, his own nutritionist. Kobe Bryant was having the same problem. When Shaq left the Lakers, Kobe got his ass beat in the playoffs. Watch Shaq went off the win. A championship with the Miami Heat. Kobe with the Mike Seagua. What should I do? Mike was his mentor. Like a coach to him. Tim started training Kobe. You know how to have their multiple championships, multiple goal medals, scoring titles, MPPs. He's our son of the greatest athletes of all time. And they need not one coach but multiple coaches for them. I think it's ridiculously arrogant for any of us to believe that we can accomplish our goals or accomplish any version of greatness without a coach. Some of the best athletes of all time, the coaches. How can we expect the really a competition thing right without them? So when you get coaches, it dramatically short-given our in-curve. And you start to make progress significantly faster. So seek out a coach or a mentor or anything. Anytime I'm trying to get good at something or master skill, I'll always get a coach. That's why I'm so good at so many things. I'm just consistently learning. Hey, if you can get your friends and family involved. I like to travel. I don't travel alone. I get my friends and family involved. When I go to the range, the worst on my marksmanship is the cool thing to do with the homeies, with the friends of the Mike and I can kick it with the friends. You know, I work out with the friends. Right? It makes it more fun to something about human connection that's motivating. And sometimes if your friends are really into it, they'll help keep you accountable. And if they're better than you, they can serve as coaches. Step number nine, once you have a degree of proficiency in something, at least 100 hours, you can start teaching other people how to do. There's something about teaching that actually helps to teach you more than the person learning. If you really want to learn something, start teaching it. Because you have to have a certain degree of knowledge in it. But then you also have to explain it the way you understand it, because someone else and or explain it the way they understand it. And once you go through these explanations, you internalize it a lot better. So one of the reasons I'm so good at what I do is I'm a teacher. I've been a coach in fitness, in business, sales, marketing, that actually teaching it has made me better. The act of teaching it allows me to acquire a level of mastery, where they might just begin to start. And step number ten is to consistently study the craft. Whatever you're trying to work on studying, and it's going to help you teach it as well. If you teach what you're studying, and you're implemented, then that's how you gain mastery. So for example, my channel, you're probably in the fitness. One of the things that really helped me develop a mastery, a fitness is actually training other people. Because one thing that trained myself when I started training other people, I took it to the next level. And I had to study even more in order to teach. Then people started asking me how I built my own fitness business. I was making multiple seven figures and I started teaching that. And I got better at that. It forces you to have to keep studying, keep teaching, and applying what I learned, applying what I teach, and I just get way better and better. If fitness and or business is something that you're interested in, I have a free resource for you to study. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it'll show you how to actually build or grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big following, even if you've not certified. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training is free. The link is in description. Thank you.

=== FILE: 12 Strange Secrets of the Rich (you can do too) [r5mL1BmjCAk].txt ===

Pay attention, get your notebook out. Cause in this video, I am going to break and down the 12 habits of millionaires. These are the habits that help make me a multi-millionaire. And I have a lot of fucking super rich friends. You know, me and my homies would be court side at the heat games. We ballin' shot, callin', my friends own yachts and shit, all my friends got a super car. And here are the 12 habits that they all have in common. And the last habit is the most important. Without the last one, it's gonna be difficult to succeed even if you do everything right. The first one is time management. My boy Jeremy, he's super rich, right? He just bought a new McLaren, but he already has a fucking of rose Royce and a fucking Porsche and ringweight. He's super rich. I have a big pin house, a barman. His balcony on his pin house is bigger than my whole condo. It might be the biggest balcony in a condo. Sometimes I'll hit him up like y'all, let's take the girls to dinner, like his girl, me and our girls will go to dinner. And he'll be like y'all, what time? And then I'll say a time boom. They said, you know, he says me a cool calendar in bite. This is fucking normal at the high levels. Pretty much every multi-millionaire I know, really manages their time where they live out of their calendar. How they work for me is I plan every hour of every day in my calendar. And this way the day is choreographed. As a result, if you start doin' this, what's gonna happen is you start noticing you get way more done in the day than you used to get. If you do that for 90 days, I promise you. You'll make more progress in those 90 days and you did the whole year before when you just freak style in every day. But you understand, this is what it's like at the high levels, right? People are serious about their calendars, right? And this series about their time management. I have a whole other video on time management. You could check out if you need to. The next habit is relentless positivity. No matter what's goin' on, they look for a way to make money off it. We can't even see the world through that lens. This got to be a way we can make money off this. My home and money bird, he's probably one of my richest friends, right? When COVID hit, he immediately was telling me, all right, listen, this was happening. We're gonna start shortin' the market. And he was looking for money making opportunities. He made a few million. The first week of COVID, when she started setting down, then he bought even more stocks and found ways to make money off it. So, no matter how bad shit is, they're always looking as a way to benefit from it. They never get too down to the press. And what happens is, if you're looking for ways a situation of benefit, you'll find. If you focus on knowing how bad things is, it's kind of like when you were when your friends is new car, you start seeing that car everywhere, right? You're not an X-man, you didn't attract that shit, you ain't professor Xavier, right? That car was already there, you just didn't notice it because you wasn't looking for anymore. It wasn't in the attention. It's the same thing with positivity. If you're looking for ways to get money, you'll find them. They're there, but if you're looking at, oh, complaining about how bad shit is, then you'll find that too. And when I notice this, all my rich friends, we all think like that. And if somebody's negative, they're just not really in our circle. You get them saying, and I wouldn't want them in our circle because my friend gets into car and I start seeing that car everywhere, right? What happens if he always bring me his fucking problems to shit? What am I gonna see? I'm gonna see problems as well, but if he's always talking about how to get some money, I'm gonna see that too, just like the car. The next key is they live below their means. My friends are ballin', my focus got yots, boats. Someone got planes. My home in Eric's buffer got a fucking plane. Why he was getting money, he wasn't fucking wasting it on luxuries, right? He bought his plane after he sold his company for over $100 million. He's built a big company, sold for $100 million, then he bought the plane and the yacht and shit. So you wanna live below your means and keep investing that money into either your business or real estate or stocks. And then you start flexing off the money you get from the assets, right? That's the key to get in rich. You got to make more money you spend and invest the difference. And then you flex with the money that the investments are making. The money that you work to make, that's like a seed, right? Instead of eating the fucking seed, you plant that seed in the ground and then when it grows into a tree, starts bare fruits, then you eat the fruits. They all live below their means and they flex with money that comes from the assets. Even me, like, if you watch me on YouTube over the last fucking 14 years, I've been on YouTube. I was not flexing, I was wearing a fucking Apple watch and fucking some regular shit, no shirt for years. And it wasn't until my money for my assets started making enough money for the luxury. Then I started buying APs, richer meals, diamond chains and all that other shit. That's when I started upgrading my lifestyle, move to my amy big fucking penthouse condo, audition. But before that, living below my means, invest in the money. And nothing new that is track spending. All my rich friends take their account in seriously. They don't fuck around with it. They know how much they're spending. They even have a budget, even the ones that look like they're fucking flexing. They have a budget for flexing. And they track their spending. They know exactly how much it's coming out. Especially in their business, is they're rich. They're really tracking the money in their business, too, right? Most of us do the accounting for our business. We might have an account it verified or CPA, right? But we're handling the day that they move into money around it and manage it. So you have track you're spending, know your accounting. You have to know your numbers. If you ever watch Shark Tank, after they do their wacky presentation, they tell some bad jokes. They should not really start to miss the wonderful says. Yeah, but it tells about the numbers. How much money you make in? What's your cost for acquiring a customer? What are your margins? You ever watch Shark Tank and they don't know the numbers. No damn of fuckers nagging to deal. They're going to get laughed out the Shark Tank. Or if the numbers are bad, you've got to know your numbers. Track you're spending, do the accounting. You've got to know your numbers. Next thing is investing. All my rich friends invest. They're either constantly investing in their business, or they're buying fucking stocks, real estate, and or crypto. And we talk about investing. We talk about it. We give each other investment tips, advice. Because the investment is what's going to pay for the luxury. So the series about the investment. You've got to learn how to invest. The next habit that all my rich friends do is they delegate. You know, my boy, Dan Martell. He's one of my other super rich friends. He's become a pretty popular YouTuber over the last year or two. When I met him, he had like fucking 10,000 YouTube subscribers. Now he's got like, goes to a million or so, right? Anyway, he wrote a book called Buy Back Your Time. And he was saying the same shit that people would make fun of me for saying. It was like, yeah, man, I don't fucking cook. I don't clean, I don't do all the other shit. Even when I was broke, I would delegate that shit and pay other people to do it. Because they bought me what time. And with that time, me personally, I want to spend all my time making money or hanging out with my friends and family. So I need to buy my time and you need to delegate that shit. So, you know, put in the housekeeper fucking team, the immigrants comes and clean the house every week. Items and a bug in the balcony, cleaners come clean the balconies. We got four balconies. They clean the windows. Like, I think it's another, I don't even book my own flights. I got assistance to do that shit. They know what to do. Even when I was just first starting out, I was going when I was working the life. And I needed more time to work. I looked at how much money I was making. And I looked at how much it cost to get somebody off task rabbit to clean my house. I was like, hmm, if I spend that time working, for example, let's say I typically make $100 an hour, right? If I pay some $50, the clean my house, that means the net profit, if I work during that hour instead of clean, I make $50. If you're cheap, you'd be like, oh, I'll just do it myself. I'm not going to pay some, I want to do it. But you don't say $50 on the old circumstances. You lose $50 because you could have worked and made a hundred. And you had a net profit of 50. It's really just mad. That's why it's important to know your numbers. So you know what to delegate. Right? My first videos I made on YouTube, I edited it the first 1000 videos. But it was time consuming. And even though I started to enjoy it, I still hired the first person I hired was Harry, because I opened it the buyback that time. Even though I enjoyed it, as I meant, I can make more money if I spend my time doing something else. And Harry added the videos. Now we have Harry and him full-time editors and they have teams in shit and I spend the time doing it. And I make more money as a result, even though I have to pay them a lot of money. You've got to be able to delegate. The next habit of all my music is different. If they have multiple streams of income. Now here's the caveat. I know you heard that most millionaires have like seven streams of income or something like that. Here's the thing, they got rich with one. They made most of the money with one stream of income and then they started to diversify. And I was starting my business. I wasn't fucking investing in crypto and stocks and real estate. Notice I should simultaneously because business is hard. 80% of business is failed. Less than 5% of businesses make it to a million dollar mark. It took everything to make my first million dollars in business. I didn't have to bandwidth the energy you were time to mentor or financial resources. Statistically starting in six months of business wanted to think the most difficult things in the world. Only 7% of the population are millionaires. Statistically the odds of the ninety-favorites had to vote everything to it. Well, once I started getting some money then I started diversifying my income and investing in other things. My first one was my own life business business. That was my first business that I made a million dollars away. Now I see two of the best out there online. Fitness business. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. You can click the link in the description down below for free. It'll give you the game planning. See if it's right for you because you might read him but I go out. This is not right for me. Or you might read him but like this is awesome. But at least check out the book is free. The next habit of what time millionaires is long-term planning. All my rich friends they have like a long-term plan. They're thinking like 5-10 years out with their investments with their game plan. I mean, we want to make money as fast as possible but we're thinking long-term. Typically when you take long-term decisions, those are almost always better than short-term decisions. These have feel good short-term are usually bad for you long-term and vice versa. For example, if you want eating candy in cakes, it feels great in the moment but long-term is going to have negative ramifications. That's just one example. However, eating motherfucking vegetables in shit may suck in the moment until you develop a quieter taste for them. But long-term is going to be good for your health. Same shit with your financial health. The laying gratification may suck short-term but long-term is better for you. The next habit of all my millionaire friends is networking. Now here's the caveat. You've all heard that your network is your network. It only matters once you've got it popped. A lot of times, grow boys be trying to fucking network and like, when you ingest shit to offer a brok boy, fuck you want a network for. You don't want to network, you want to siphon fucking value for motherfucking who got it popped. Networking is only valuable once you got it popped. And once you have shit popping, then you can actually add value to the people you network with and now it's mutually added in pages. That's when networking works. If you just out here trying to siphon fucking value from motherfucking who got it popped, it's not going to work. Like why the fuck should they help you or fuck with you? You have to carry any way out of your doing charity. If you got something to offer, right? If you have some value, then you can present, then they'll be excited to network with you. You can get it popping on your own. You can get your business or $200,000 a year on your own. And then you start networking and people on your level. And then as you move up, you start networking with people who are like slightly above. And it is valuable. It is valuable, but it's only valuable after you can't get it popped. And the next habit on my friends have is they take risk. But here's the thing, they're calculator risks. They're not out here fucking gunsling and just doing anything. So for example, I have a formula I use to take risks. First I think about what's the worst that can happen. I don't try to show you a code it. If anything, I try to make it worse. It was the worst possible outcome it is. And I think about that. Like everything went wrong. What would that look like? And then I, myself, can I handle that? Sometimes answers no. And I'm like, all right, it will be a risk. I don't want to take it. The answer is yes, then I'm probably going to take it. It may seem like I'm taking big risks, but they're so calculated. And then I ask myself a third question if I decide I can't handle it. What can I do to either prevent the worst that can happen or mitigate its effects if it does happen? And then I make a plan to do that. I built myself multiple safety nets. Once I went through that whole process, then I'm confident taking the risk. But I accept the risk. The last habit all my rich friends has is they're always learned. We get together. They were suggesting fucking books and shit. We're joined in different masterminds. I'm learning from them or they're learning shit for me. They might ask me, oh man, how can I build my social media better? You know, I was asking money bird for stocket investments. I asked my boy, taught me about a section A real estate. I started investing in that when I was running my own Facebook ads. I had my boy Jeremy coaching me and helping me with my ads. Right? We learned from each other. We're also suggesting different books and different courses and different shit for each other as well. And they didn't see when you have a bunch of high level friends. They become what I call friend tours. They're like your boys. They probably better than you had something. And we form like Voltron and shit. We're like Ninja Turtles. I may be Michael Langello with the Numb Chucks, right? But Jeremy, he done a tell-o. Tom, maybe he roughed my yellow or some shit air spoffer. He might be motherfucking Dona tell-o because he'd have ridges one. We are value each other. So we can learn from each other and it's dope. And you need to always be learning too. My first business where our main main house was online training. Now teach other people how to start their online fitness business. If you want to learn how to do it, I got a free ebook. Link in the search got the 10 Commandments of online training. And it really gives you the game plan to show you what it's like to be online trainer. It's not a get rich quick scheme. If you find a get rich quicksmean, please let me know. Because I've been looking for one for 40 years and I found one. However, it's a good business for you to start if you love fitness. Right? And if you love helping people accomplish your goals. Because if you love it won't feel like work, then you can make money doing some you love. And that's why I found this so rewarding. But if you are interested in all of this down those books, read it for free. And then decide if that's something that's for you and that. Maybe you won't be. Right? We should check it out. All right. Links in the description. All right.

=== FILE: 14 Years of Unfiltered Business Advice in 34 minutes [don't repeat my mistakes] [Kq6p2k5jlrQ].txt ===

I've been in business for about 14 years and over the last 14 years I've made 10s of me He's a dollars. I built several multi eight bigger businesses in this video I went to break down the lessons I've learned over 14 year career in business All right the ups the downs. I hope that you guys can learn things that you can apply your current business or any business You will start and you can avoid a lot of the pitfalls, you know, so you'd like to learn these things Somebody sings the hard way the way I did because Experience is the best teacher, but it doesn't have to be your experience Are you gonna learn from other people's experience and how to make the path easier and you can hit your destination faster And some of these lessons are gonna be straight business lessons for somebody's gonna be more Personal development lessons as you ascend up the ladder of success You're gonna have to become a better person not just as a business person, but you know a lot of business problems That people have are really just personal problems They manifest themselves in their business But also a tactical personal development stuff that will help you a sin to greatness if you don't learn these lessons You will learn them But you'll have to learn them the most difficult way to young and experienced I don't want you to have to do that. Let's number one consistency is key progress is made through consistency over time You know a big problem I see with would be entrepreneurs is they want to make things happen fast Right, they're always looking for some shortcut or they're trying to rush things You want to think of your business growth the same way you would think of growth of a child Is there some kids in your family? Maybe you only see them in Van Rereen or something? You see them maybe once a year Everyone's wild. He's like whoa you grown so much, but the parents might have noticed it They made little improvements every day nature handled that so it was easy right the amount you improved from day to day Oftentimes is negligible and it looks as if you're not really making progress at all But if you take a longer review which you'll notice is you made a ton of progress if you've been consistent every day If you've ever made a fitness transformation right put awesome muscle and or loss fat It happened gradually like you worked out today You don't see any results today You might not even see little results tomorrow. I'm going to but over a significant amount of time You'll you start to look like a different person, but it happens very incrementally every day So here's a problem. I see a lot of people the white eight sugar would be consistent is because they're focused on their big goal Right, I say this is a goal. This is gonna be my visual representation of a goal All right, this is which you want you want to accomplish this goal This you at this mount top is a visual where a visualization of you accomplish in this goal All right saying if you sit at haters you got man money, but you may look at that from your beginning stage And that might make you kind of like say Oh, man, I'll never get there or you'll see other people there and you might be oh, man You get this you get discouraged that's what happens to you when you look at the goal from the bottom right all you need to do is focus on What's in front of you for example for a weight loss goal was that when it lose 10 pounds of fat and I got 10 weeks to do it easy Again every pound of fat you want to lose you have to burn 3500 calories So if I'm in a 500 calorie deficit every day All right for a week 500 times 7 is 3500 calories So I'll burn the pound the week if I'm in a 5-in-a-calorie deficit each day So all I gotta do is focus on today if today is a victory I just focus on today right boom did I do it again the next day and the next day and the next day and then I You know if I start string stringing together perfect days But do that seven days in row. Oh, man. It's probably week. I start stringing together perppy weeks and this is perpping month I start stringing together perppy months and it's a perfect year and if I have a perfect year then you're me You know, don't focus on the big goal. I've been taking photos on the big goal I think that could be a mistake because it can it can be discouraging because you're not making progress every day But if you just focus on today you know you're making progress every day you can understand So which we have to do is break your goal down into the daily habits that you have to abide by each day and then just string together perfect day Number two track the inputs right if you track the inputs You don't have to worry about the output. So for me a perfect day I know what it for it with my goals. I break those down into what has to happen every day And then I just track it I'll put a link in the description where you can download this template Let's just focus on the the diets stuff right boom. Did I track my macros every day? Yes, you see it's a total hundred percent how much protein did I get every day in grams on average? 120 grams perfect right how many calories is that kind of soon under under three thousand each day perfect How many calories did I burn boom? Three three thousand I tracked it with my ordering right and was my calorie deficit Total man so I was cutting them up so you can look at the inputs each day You know what I lose fat you know I did more rip right if I'm burning more cows as I consume every day You would know with certainty the doubt would happen right? So the beauty of it when I'm looking at the inputs each day I just make sure I have a perfect day. Then I know we give me copies to know I will accomplish my goal And then I track other inputs like you know I'm you know growing social media. So okay if we did if we posted you to Post the IG posted it how much did he read and I can see where I'm fucking up work and improve It wasn't me the person who who posted on my Instagram He wasn't posting every day. He got fired. I knew he was gonna get via social media. Hey listen You're gonna get fired Pretty soon The person who does the take-out you think you still working for me. That's right. Yes The person who does the YouTube they used to working for me. Yeah, probably edited this video Right boom practice gets are you know I got a little bit better practice I'll do some other things practice manage. Oh, I only practice Spanish Your blah or unbiquito as spanish. Oh, but you guys do what I'm saying like oh you got to do is track the inputs But this is why tracking the sole board because you won't have the guess if you're gonna accomplish your goals You'll know if you're on the right path and that because you'll be able to see it every day Right and that only do you do this your personal life, but you do this with your business of course Right you got to track the KPIs the goals and you got to go over the stuff you track with your team on a regular basis to make sure Everybody's on on the same page right tracking is is one of the most important things if you wanted to download that habit tracker We'll put the link in the description as a template the next key to accomplishing your goals There's more of a person to develop in one We'll get into some hardcore business stuff as this video progress is sacrifice is the next lesson Right, you're gonna either sacrifice momentary pleasure or you're gonna sacrifice your goal You got to make decisions no wrong decision. You got to know your making decision and make it so for example When I was first trying to make my first million you know It makes your first million is gonna take almost everything You know it's that's what your goal is and I had to sacrifice a lot You know I didn't watch any TV you didn't watch any football or basketball and I'm black You know a difficult it was for me not to watch the basketball, right, but I didn't do it You know and because I just knew if I wasn't with the sacrifice for my goals my goal was become a sacrifice As if not watching these shows are gonna make you rich as little because of what I was doing instead of that You can understand I was working on a business Wait when everyone else is watching TV and fucking around and but now here's the thing when I go to basketball games now I either sit courts eye with the homies or one of my boys He has a skyboss so we go and we hang out there's a different experience It's better now. I'm gonna do the more you can delay gratification the better will be I quit smoking marijuana I never went back to smuggle marijuana, but I quit smoking marijuana when I was trying to focus because I knew I was in at my best when I was Get out now if I wanted to smoke weed I could get the best I don't want it now But I'm just saying it can be better now right now you guys are running around getting distracted by like girls This war like five's and six But it would actually come up put work on building a muscle money mindset you put that aside for right now You can probably get a better girl You probably get a hotter girl a girl you like better because and you won't have to have a bunch of risk If you are like the man it'll be easier right the more you sacrifice now You can still enjoy those things later on if you can delay gratification But you can get a better version of them later first million it's probably gonna take everything Like if you want to make you know 10k a month or you know low six figures I don't want to say that it's easy, but it it won't take everything all right You can probably mess around a little bit and party and you can probably still indulge in some vices and make that much Right, but if you want to make over a million here in your business 80% of businesses fill within the first five years All right, and less than five percent of businesses make it to the point where they're making over a million dollars a year All right, so think about how difficult this is this is undertaken it might take everything Everyone I saw Avengers if in you and at the end Thanos is talking to his daughter He killed and like the dream world or some shit and she was like yo, did you do it? He was like yeah, she said what it costs you he said everything and I was like I like I felt that because the bigger the goal the more you are gonna have to sacrifice and again If you're not willing to sacrifice with low that's cool You just need to make peace with that and know that your goal will become the sacrifice Right, so it really might take everything now You've got to think about what you will sacrifice the witch and not, you know it gets a little easier to go from one million to two Then it is from zero to one million. I money gives you leverage where you could actually make stuff happen But it might set it might take a lot of seconds for that's wise it's more difficult to get rich when you're older because you got more responsibilities and less things That you'd be women to sacrifice like time wicked or your relationship or you know But ever else you got going on like you get more responsibilities as you age All right, so if you're gonna do it, you know you really that's why you don't want to waste your 20s This why till guys will work so hard in their 20s so they don't have to sacrifice So they can get successful before they have the fucking kids issue because it's gonna be more difficult And as you get older right and just have to be willing you know Some people it need to realize that maybe millionaire multi million years not for them not because they can't do it Just because they then that woman to put in that sacrifice you get them then and that's okay It's always you make peace with it where I'm not telling you it was right or wrong and maybe making you know Six figures or high six figures somewhere that range is cool You got to design your own path, but you should know what you get into if you want to make a million dollars A year that first million might take everything anyone tells you is easy life Here's the next lesson the fact that you want it to be easy is what makes it more difficult because I see a lot of people Looking for the easy way to accomplish the goal. I see a lot of people Venteen about how Arduous the task is how stressful it is for them to accomplish their goals But now they have to deal with the difficulty of the goal and they have to deal with this mental pain Unfilfield expectations right because they expect it it to be easy or they desire it to be Easy however, right if you can reframe your brain and think I'm glad it's difficult because the fact that it's difficult It's one of the reasons why it's worth having this me my willingness to accept It's difficult to get worked through it and work through the pain is what separates me from all the people who will fail and give up Right if you just keep that in mind right it's not supposed to be easy it's supposed to be difficult And if it ends up being easy and that's like oh cool, man That's great. Let it be a surprise not an expectation. You know if you find something easy Because you don't want to have to deal with two pains Right it's already difficult, but now you also have to deal with that Expectations not be a myth or your your preferences not be a myth you understand what I'm saying like you if you could just reframe your brain To be excited when something is difficult. Well something is difficult. I can't get excited I would like okay, this is where most people will quit and this is why I'm gonna beat them This is why I will succeed in they will I think about that all the time and if you can start adopting the attitude Over time it starts to excite like I'm I'm kind of fucked up Because now every someone's the one somebody sees me to see me like weighing my food at a restaurant I bring a skill with me and weigh my food at a restaurant. I know it's extreme extreme success You want to stream results you gotta have you gotta take extreme actions right and people say man I can never do that man. That's man. That's some was discipline. I can never do that and that's what I'm thinking Yeah Fucking right. I don't say that but in my mind. I'm like yeah, you know it's not every but I say something nice But I'm really thinking that's right on the fucking tougher you need to understand that man away better Maybe that better than you but definitely tougher because you think punching numbers and the app when your phone is difficult I'm gonna do that shit no matter what or like you know working 10 12 hours a day every day You the man I can never do that man's too difficult. I'm like fucking right you can't you'll never meet a big dog I don't say those things. I just think I be like oh man you know a man you gotta do what it's gotta do you know a man different strokes different folks Man what it makes me happy brother but I'm that's what I say but I'm thinking you know you start to enjoy it Once you reframe it like this is why you're gonna succeed use another key confidence comes from confidence I see a lot of people certainly young kids, you know there Sometimes they come in with a lot of confidence or or they feel like they it's something that you could tell when it's fake It's not right it with a fake confidence a bravado and I like man how do you know you're gonna succeed Man, I just want to real bad just like all right cool, but you know confidence that's a comfort confidence only You gotta be good as I'm just like I can't just say man. I'm the man and then like do my own plumbing I'm not a Mario brother so it would be it for me to think that I was good It's just be confident about my ability to plumb that would be delusion you gotta be have Competits confidence has a comfort confidence now some people they miss to screw that and they say maybe she's just Be confident you should just be confident yourself and I think they confuse confidence with self love Great like loving confidence are are different things Right like for example I love my son right, but I don't I don't have confidence him cooking his own dinner Man, he's certainly making it to school by itself without my help right You know as they end like you don't confidence the companies are two different things I love him just fine. I love him more than anything But I don't have confidence in his ability to do a dog to do much of anything is a kid right Nor city or the same same thing is my um I remember grandma she died when she was passed away when she was 96 we all love their but you know We can lead a lady alone by herself at all man. She couldn't even ship by herself towards the end You know like we didn't know confidence in her but like we love their right They're just two different things confidence has a comfort confidence and you know Listen when you start doing things every day that actually move you in the direction of the man You want to be you start you give yourself a reason to like yourself like inner self confidence Right, not just confidence in specific tasks, but they say over all self confidence It'll come from keeping the promises you make yourself doing things to make you proud of yourself Right, and also helps you deal with criticism when you do that because people ask me how do I do? What criticism that's the next lesson you're gonna have to deal with criticism as you succeed Nobody gets you random is praise right they kill Jesus Martin King Abraham Lincoln those guys were better than me. You know they they I'll probably never do anything as cool as him Especially Jesus he was the man right so they can't get unanimous if the haters got them of course They go come after me too. I just think about that that's one way to deal criticism But also here's the key to deal this I got people making you two videos about me everyone's love And I know it's probably good for them it probably helps him with the algorithm They probably get a lot about a bit right in a in this cool, but you know I just kind of laughed it off man because I'm so good at what I do and I like myself so much that the criticism sounds kind of absurd It would be like if you said brandy you look like a Chinese late And I would just kind of like laugh at you man I would like a man if someone was wrong to you know not wrong being a Chinese lay I'm just saying the only way to like yourself that much It could be so for reason like yourself that much and can't just do it all the people just love yourself just like you So if you have to give yourself reasons all the time to like yourself everything you do is you cast an evoke on the kind of person you are Well even if no one else knows you know this shit you do behind closed doors You know if you are following your diet You know what time you wake up, you know even if no one else knows you know and a lot of people walking around with like this shame It is security they bullshit and they do it all types of shit behind closed doors or By themselves that they not proud of and they noting that proud of the cast and boats of doubt within themselves every time They take these action, but every time you do that things that you're proud of you moving the other direction Right and what you stop doing the things that you're not proud of and do more the things that you are proud of over time Criticism just sounds ridiculous because you know what kind of guy you are inside It's somebody called me lazy it would be like ridiculous because I know where my day is like I know what time I wake up, you know I know how early it is I woke up I know I only you've had to say not just like I'm You got a little disappointed only you know even if you don't tell nobody you know you can't bullshit yourself You can I'm saying like you can you can I'll carry me time to look yourself in the mirror and say you were Ashena if you don't put on a space suit Climbing a rocket and leave first atmosphere it's bullshit, right? So if you say you're the man you are doing shit to prove to yourself that you're the man It's bullshit and you know it's bullshit you can't bullshit You're not to prove to someone else, but you have to prove it to yourself because we can all tell how you really feel about stuff You have an energy about you have an aura and we can feel the bitch in you do you ever be around somebody You just you and you feel like you could accomplish anything with this motherfucker like this motherfucker's the man You feel the he don't you have to say nothing that's cuz he's proud of himself He's doing things on a daily basis to making problems Self and he's not doing as much fuck shit as you right and when you're doing that fuck shit What is doing your fucking chip in a way to accomplish you make yourself believing yourself unless you and you like yourself less And then so you will compensate with a bunch of fucking boy I'm the man you gotta fucking this gay business You need to get drunk and hide some more because you can't civil with yourself because you don't like this So you gotta you gotta get all this external validation But once you really like it so you just sit by yourself be like I'm that man And you have proof you don't have to just say it like damn I really am then they think it is Even if you don't accomplish your goals yet just the fact that you're moving when you start stringing it These perfect days like I showed you like imagine if you had a list of things you weren't doing every day and you looked at your your Habit tracker and you saw fuck is stringing a fucking perfect days or a month How do you think you'd feel about yourself versus how you feel about yourself now when you know you are Fucking around not accomplishing it and not going after you Yeah, you wouldn't have to say no mother fucking affirmation You've no risks up the next lesson is your calendar is the key to success So I want to just want to show you what it's like to really be serious about cops So check this out man every hour of every day is a count at four right and just like that every day That's what it looks like it really be successful right so if you it was gonna happen is you'll get more time each day We all get to say them out of time, but you're using more effectively so you'll get more out of that time Right as the hundred to six eight hours in every week Does four things the man has to do you have to you have to sleep you have to work you have to work out It's been so much a family the long four things a man has to do everything else is optional I know so if you really be worried about doing dishes with about going to the bathroom listening I'm talking about the big thing. Sorry and then you still got a poop right everybody I read my son a book about it like if you're in a bathroom for like 30 40 hours a week Then you got problems there be on a scope of anything if you really write down how many hours a week Are you's been in sleep and if you sleep eight hours the night and you sleep in 56 hours of Most of you guys have worked 40 hours a week right if you work out an hour of eighty seven hours I don't know I'm gonna sign me you're supposed to find me that's just you this a personal thing But it's been as much as you want and what you need to do and subtract that from a hundred and sixty eight That's how much time you have left to go after your goals. What are you doing with that time? That's the time where you were accomplishing you get ahead of other people most of some doubt I'm doing using it more effectively because you do it I mean I plan it out each day every day so if you took it my days each day is choreographed I know exactly what I'm doing every day. I got you know, yeah, I know you need to shower I put it in the and the thing I need to eat my meals are in here, right? You know, I know what I'm gonna do everything all right everything is in the calendar I know what I'm gonna work out. I know what I'm gonna do all types of stuff everything is choreographed Right, so I'm not Guessing the plan gets moved around I have to move stuff around throughout the day in the school But I get way more done each day than most people do you're not gonna get in the mountains up today It's gonna day by day All right, but the more you can get done each day the faster you could actually climb that mountain and the other way you do this by using your calendar You just follow the plan now. I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and I got a game plan I know when I'm gonna wake up boom I know what I'm gonna do soon. I'm gonna wake up You know, I got a whole game plan. I just follow the game plan I'll have to think I just execute because I planned ahead it's time and I get way more done each day done now It doesn't go according to plan perfectly, but I move things around this thing change. That's okay. I can move stuff around It's not a sudden stone There's only a few things I said so on the stuff to sit red right everything else. I can move around if I need to and here's the thing Everybody in the who's really rich Yeah, he's like that my boy Jeremy he's super rich man. He makes like close to a million That's a lot. Yeah, I hit my boss like y'all. Let's go with the girls to dinner, right? He's girlfriend my girlfriend and he was like what time is I cool? I was like what place he said? Let's go to the masterals. Boom. I get a Google calendar invite immediately right this is normal at the high level It sounds crazy to you because you only kick you with broke people But all the multi-millionaires I know do this except for it like the pro athletes and entertainers like they don't do this right Then I make a money in business started making money off entertainment right so it's a different game They're playing we're not playing that game now unless you are renowned though watching this you probably You do this by the little broad James his calendars like that I heard other people's almost it's serious like that How you get more done these days the calendar is a cheat code I have a whole video on how to use your calendar there. You should check that out here's another key volume solves almost all Prop or you in fitness and life everything you know calves have been one of my week points traditionally So what I started doing I bought a calf machine for the crib I have one in the in the York and I started to wait eight since the cast per day my Caz got bigger now people say I'll make you cas got way better. Thank you Right volume solves almost all problems bro. You need to make more money amen do more sales do more hours to get more leads Right do like way more volume like few things happen with volume when you turn up the volume you taking more action and then that action And then you get better at it so you improve your skills right and then the you want to improve those skills more Now you get better result because you're better right and that gives you more more confidence and if you have more confidence It might be easier to take more action But you need to take that action you got to take that action first and the more and the more you improve it It starts to look like this so you get you take that action boom take some action you improve your skills Right now your skills get bigger right so your results get bigger boom So your confidence grows right now you could take a bigger action more action that you take more because we have more confidence That that action you're gonna get way you're gonna just skill set is gonna get bigger faster boom the results are gonna be bigger Boom Give you more confidence you take a bigger action This is what I call the big-to-recyclo All right, we're all going through this everything you do you get better at it or worse and the the thing is At the easiest way to get better as something is to do it more do when you take more action You get better at the thing so you're results improve but also if it was the action Improves your business or helps you the kids you close through your goal even if you didn't get better at it Just doing more of it will get you close to your goal right because the action gets you close to your goal If you were salesperson to say you were half as good as everyone else in the sales team like your clothes rate was 25 and the best clothes closer was 50 right so he's twice as good as you but if you took twice as many calls when you could make the same amount of money If you took three times as many calls as him with this with a worse clothes rate You'd still make more money than the person with a better clothes rate But it wouldn't stay to say what happened is not only would you make more money if everything stayed the same? You'd get better because of the victory side call like volume saws almost all problems Seriously almost all problems you better relate to the problem You need to do more of the stuff that you're spouse like you were you having problems with school Hey man just study more dummy right you want to be better or something do it more But the thing is you want to take it to an extreme man go super hard and don't leave it to do that Put it in your calendar right because most of you won't feel like trying to get around this shit But she's not gonna get around this you're not gonna get around this you're not gonna find time you gotta make the time Times going high from you man you gotta go. We got a grab it putting your calendar So I'm going right which leaves the next point you can actually get good at anything with enough effort and enough time You can do good at something as fast as you want to do good at it. So I'm gonna bring something up All right, so this is something I call the skill acquisition matrix It's like you can get good at anything fast a lot of you guys have heard that 10,000 hours each of you went into the best in the world This was made popular by Malcolm Gladwell and his book Outliers the people who are world class Something that you've got 10,000 hours of practice by think there's levels to this You don't need to have 10,000 hours of everything because you don't need to be world class at everything for my experience And skill like was it should be in a coach for a long time and just getting good at a lot of different things a hundred hours Making that bad you're not great. Which is not bad for example when I first started playing guitar around 90 days I was like not bad. I wasn't good right, but I'm not bad I think mufflers ain't laughing at the 90 days of practice in an hour a day a thousand hours not that's when you get good We get a thousand hours of training some okay this muff up is good 20,000 hours making really good That's when you're impressive people are like oh shit this muff up is the man five thousand hours makes you amazing 10,000 hours obviously one of the best now 20,000 hours. I think this makes you one of the best ever These are like world champions these are people who win the living metals that should most of us will never be that good at anything How fast you want to get good at something remember volume cells almost all problems just check it out the hour Day you get not bad three months right Let me you can get not bad at anything in three months right two hours a day that it gets you not bad and like under two months Three hours a day this would a magic starts to happen You can get not bad at anything in one month and 25 days if you do four hours a day Let's say you want to get good at something like here's what is going to say one hour a day is going to take you You need to send the three years two hours a day is going to take you a little bit over one year three hours a day You can get you can get it something in one year four hours a day you can get good at eight months That's what starts to get magical when you start putting in a lot of hours Let's say you want to be really good boom I'm not going to go through this whole shit where you know you can pause this take a screenshot or something right But this is what it takes now is the thing something you may look at this and get discouraged Especially young people young people have a skew perception of time if you're 20 years old a year sounds like a long amount of time It's what it makes sense because that's 5% of the time you've been alive You know, so if you could start thinking in decades you can get good at anything in 10 years You know you can get really good at it. You know you could accomplish the light, man Don't get discouraged first of all. Just know what takes time But also it should be encouraged. It's what I do is that anytime I'm trying to acquire a new skill You might as well practice on my calendar, right? Because there's something that I'm trying to I'm working on getting better at but it's mapped out I know when I'll get good at it if I find myself getting frustrated like I'm man I'm not good at that. I just try how many hours I spend doing it But oh, I'm not supposed to be good. Yeah. I don't have enough hours and I actually make me feel better And some of you will feel because I try something to what's and I man I'm not good at that and then quit not supposed to be good at it So nobody's just good at nothing like even people who say I've naturally good singers I never met nobody like that everybody knows good at singing like really good at singing They grew up in the church. They had a bunch of practice. They sang with their families They had like practice even though it was not informal They they've got like hundreds or if not thousands of hours you have to put in the time to get good at some But beauty if you can get good at anything within reason if you put it in that the hours and this should be encouraging You saw my track of sheep. I had hours of practice how many hours of practice stuff how many hours I worked on so this is why you get them See that I I'm keeping track of because I know the man like life is just man This way similar in August we talked about it before like lack of confidence can keep you from coming up If you don't like yourself lack of confidence can keep you from actually making moves But over confidence can take you down I've seen over confidence take a lot of people down because web is as you start accomplished in things And you stop doing what got you there and web is is you start believing that you're the man And you can do no role and then you know you start fucking around fucking up and doing a bunch of Fuck shit and people fall all right they start believing that they better than they are But for me I just believe in the process I don't really believe that I'm like that great. I don't believe on better than you I just believe you just don't know how to be as dope as me yet and that's why I make these videos But I believe in the process. I'm only where I'm at because I track the inputs I plan out every day of my calendar Discipline and I know that anybody can do that anybody will get some success over a long enough period It's out if they do the same things you get a band like so I don't believe it's me I don't get to cocky but when you see people getting cocky web is this that's how you get people like you know Pete didn't man, you know He didn't start off doing on a wild shit, you know and you would if you Grammys you you built a multi Million dollar record label clothing line alcohol brand marketing agency make a few billion dollars I can see I might get to someone's Then you probably thought he was so good he probably thought it was him you know And then he starts thinking he can do anything But for me I always remember no it's it's the process that it helps me achieve things is not me I'm not better than the process nobody's better than the process Nobody's better than the inputs because when you ignore all the inputs you start seeing people fall up I'm not gonna name names but just think of anybody who rolls the gray heights all most 100% It's up it tells people what up they stop doing the things that got him there Sometimes it's the outside forces or who likes one events for food of most part is they stop doing the things they got them there So for example, maybe you're storing I grew up pouring the south side of Chicago, right and we were like super poor You know I guess why we lived on the south side you know what it's like and you know my mom didn't even have a car my dad was struggling and he was working in like super hard Like so he was working so hard. I barely saw him as a kid even though we lived in the same house When I was a real little kid like he was this is gone so much. He's working on building his business even though we struggled And you know mom didn't have a car she would wake me up at 5 a.m. and walk me to preschool and snow All right because we did have a car she had to go take the bus the work after she dropped me off and this is these are my memories right and then You know our group is Chicago public school system and I got a lot of trouble. I got set the way to military school And when it's time when I went to military school Maybe like a year or two after like mid-high school my dad's business started taking off and he started making money But this reminds you this is like buck and 16 years of work before I've 16 years of putting it in effort So much effort did he barely saw a son when he was a child Right remember it's finally started taking off this pre-inner in it and he started making a ton of money Bro we know a group or by time I graduated you ask him what dad was making three million dollars a year Adjusted for inflation that it'd be eight million dollars in today's money. It was like a hockey stick. It was almost nothing For fucking 60 years and then boom blasts Blanched off so I'm in college. I didn't experience any to wealth because I was a way military school So I did a really experienced what it was like to be rich But I knew he did it and I thought it was super dope. You know what dad really gets into gambling He starts in doge and right and in the fruits of his labor he starts you know In doge and advice is gambling staying out late, you know doing a bunch of you know Stuff that he wasn't doing before on the way up there right by the time I graduated for high school He had lost all the money. It was like I missed it like we were rich for a minute and I missed it Because I was a military school of college but I'm gonna graduate college. He was broke again He lost all the money and then he blew his brains out shut himself and hit it What happened? He stopped doing the things that got him there. He started indulging in the fruits of his labor He dodged too much right and that's the cautionary till and I Imagine I would imagine when you see these guys reach big heights and then they fall off Think it's a lot of the same shit, man. A lot of the same shit people started indulging right nobody's better than a process And that brings me to my next and final tip you don't do it for the money. Don't do it for the reward Anything you try to accomplish don't do it just for the reward because if you only do it for the reward You'll stop once you get the reward. I've been a trainer for over 25 years I've seen people get a shape and they stopped on what they did to get his shape and then they get fat again They couldn't live with their failure. We're that lead right back to me and I got a train them again Man, I got to help this motherfuckin get back and say and we do to shred over it over again because they're only doing it for the reward Yeah, you want the rewards you want the money. I'm a big fan of currency I really like that position of of currency I like that I can exchange if a good thing services, you know, just don't however It's not about the money. It's about what kind of man I can be right it's about building myself up I would you think about this on the multi-millionaire millionaires graph followers million users subscribers about half a million ticks Stock followers multi-millionaire six two single-digit body fat living them down time my aim if you were in that position Would you go to sleep at 930 in the night like I? To wake up at 430 and work all day because you want the gold you want the accolades You want the girls or you what the cars at a vice and stuff that stuff is cool I want to be the best version of myself. I'm trying to see how proud I can make myself I'm trying to see what kind of man I've become and then the money the results and all this stuff is just a result It's just it's just a by-product You get them saying if you because if you if you make it more about who you can become and have to see now How fucking bad ass you'll be out tough you can be then that journey never ends now you're playing an infinite game Which is better because sometimes people like man whizzing enough when you're gonna win it's gonna be enough I don't there is no another is no in game I'll never be as good as I want to be right? I want to be the best I can be I don't know what that is yet When is enough money? It's not about money. So the game of success is not Mario where does the in game you beat the balls and then you Futter retire none of the game is Minecraft you want to keep building your world and keep making it better And if you think about it like that then you'll never fall off and you'll world a keep getting better and It one day people will look back and you know that you would be like that man my grandfather really fucking set us up For generational wealth you do have seen I have another video There will help you adopt his mindset more go watch that video right now

=== FILE: 21 DARK PSYCHOLOGY Sales Techniques to Sell Anything [zEemQMERP9M].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down the 21 dark persuasion techniques that will help you sell anything to anyone. These are techniques that I have used personally to build several multi-eight figure businesses and teach over 15,000 students to start their own online business. Now you want to pay attention to this video, you want to take Copie's notes and really pay attention to the last one because the last one is going to be one of the most important ones you've ever heard in your life. The principles I'm about to teach you are based off three books that I read about 10, 12 years ago. First one is called The One Sentage Persuasion Course. The next book is Influence by Robert Chaldingney. And this one of my favorite books, I used to I've read this well, no bullshit over a hundred times. It used to be times I listened to this audio version of this book and it was re-runned it back. So every day I'm at the gym walking around, I was just keeping this in a book, it is fantastic. Every time I learn some new. And then the third book is a book I used to keep secret. I like this book so much I used to not talk about it publicly. The reason I didn't talk about it publicly was because I didn't want my competitors to get the knowledge in that book and be better suited to compete with me. But now I'm so rich and successful that that word competitor is used very loosely on my part. Just because you study the Bible and only you compete with Jesus, right? These motherfuckers can't really catch up. Alright, let's get into it. The one sentence persuading course is, but the round is one sentence. People will do anything for those who encourage their dreams, justify their failures, alive their fears, confirm their suspicions and help them throw rocks at their enemies. I'm going to break down every part of that sentence. So the first part encourage their dreams. Here's what we need to know about psychology. Sigma Freud was a coped up pervert, but he's also the father of modern psychology. And oh, 44 he said that all people, every decision everyone makes, they're either moving towards pleasure or away from pain. So pain, pleasure. All human decision making is based off this principle. Everybody's moving either towards perceived pleasure or perceived pain. And Blair said, encouraged their dreams, right? They talked about the part where we get them to move towards perceived pleasure. When you're thinking about your product or service that you're selling to people, you don't want to think about the features of it. You want to think about what is going to do for them. People don't buy features. They buy benefits. For example, you know, I was looked at all the specs on this iPad mini when I bought it, but the truth is, all I cared about is what that's going to do for me. I needed something I can make these amazing drawings on YouTube and showing you. I bought the benefit a lot of times in the fitness industry. I used to have a sublimic company. We had an exid at one point. I can't talk about the details of it, but it worked out pretty well for me. But when I had my sublimic company, obviously a lot of sublimic companies would make the mistake of talking about, we have this most citrline, this much, L.R.G.N. This much creating blah, blah, blah, blah. They only talked about the features. But I talked about what it would do for you. Let me explain it. Yeah, I talked about, so like for example, this was one of our sublimic. It was rebellion pre workout home. Right. Yeah, and I said what was in it, all this stuff. That is cool. You got to tell people what's in it, but that's not the main thing, man. It's explosive pre workout energy system. And I talked about what is going to do for them, helping crease intensity, amazing taste, and flexibility, promotes explosive energy. Yeah, I could talk about, oh, it has citrline. It has beta, l, l, me, you know, caffeine, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But now, man, when I wrote the copy for this shit, and we used this was one of our best southern products. We look at the copy, I'm talking about what is going to do for you. I believe this is the copy I wrote. Words to increase your strength and maximize endurance. They're ingredients and rebellion are designed to optimize your performance and intensity in the gym. Right, because that's what motherfuck is one. Right, that's what is going to do for them. Proving ingredients promote fat loss, right? I'm telling about what is going to do for you, right? The major key, when you're marketing and talking about what is going to do for them, somehow is going to improve their life and increase perceived pleasure. As very important, you got to set the tone of why they should fuck with your shit. Now, the next part of the one sentence persuasion course was justify their failures. This is not a political statement, but I think that Donald Trump is the best marketer of all times. I'm not political at all, 100% apolitical, but that's just taking too kind of. He became president without holding any public office before that. Only one of the guy did that. That was Dwight Owls and Howard. And he had the motherfuck and saved the world and killed Hitler to do it. Trump just had to know marketing and he didn't. Like, no one's ever done it. Now, one thing that Trump always did when he's out at these rallies and he's talking about all the problems that the people he wants to both from. He's like, all these people that have problems, they fucking inflation, then jobs, I'll leave it. He's always blames it on someone else. He never says to his followers, hey, you motherfuck is need to work harder. Hey, oh jobs are leaving your state. Jobs are leaving the shit fucking town you living. He's now telling them to move. Because that's the logical thing to do. Man, if like the jobs are leaving the town fucking move. The fucking migrants got enough sense to go to where the jobs are. Instead, what he does is he says, hey man, it's China's fault. It's a legal immigrants. Meanwhile, I never seen an immigrant. I'm not even a motherfucking job, I want it. All the immigrants I see are delivering my motherfucking Uber watching dishes at restaurants or editing my videos. The always fucking blame someone else for his constituents problems. Think about that. That is a marketing strategy. You have to justify their failures. Because if you make someone feel like the shit there's going through it's not there for it. And they'll love you for it. Remember, when I first started hiring people with a clean up my apartment back in New York, there was a zone of making lady who used to come clean the crib and I was like, oh man, I'm sorry man, this place is so fucked up. She said, no, no, she said, what the go on? It's okay, you, you, you, my den busy too busy too clean. But she said, oh, no, it's basically she was saying those are the other one to speak pet why what she was saying is, yeah, you too busy. Actually, feel better about myself. I had that chick's clean my fucking crib until I moved. As you made me feel good about it, right? So if you're marketing or trying to sell someone and they're failing, if you can find a way to blame it or something else, blame their fucking failures or something else, or to say how, hey, it's not your fault. It's not your fault. You got this going on, right? Right? They will love you for it. It's a big reason why Trump's fan base is so fucking enthusiastic. It's one of the reasons. Every guy, every guy, every guy, at least once or twice in their life, they had a fucking night where they couldn't get it up. You know, the girls else, okay, have to say everyone, everyone. As you made you feel good about it, or maybe starts using that mouth to get it right, you're loving for it even more. You know what I'm saying? Oh, thanks for the mouth. You got this shit popping. My contrans what if that girl said, I wish you was a real man who had a work in dick. You wouldn't want to see that chick again when you want to be persuasive. Just to find their failures. I'm telling you, if you want to see an action watch politics, they always say it's someone else's fault for their constituents problems, 100%. Or they'll blame the other side. It's the liberal fucking, saying all our fucking money. You know what I'm saying? Or they'll say, oh, it's the, we need to tax the rich, you know? Oh, my tax me. What do you want to tax me for, bitch? The next principle is a lie there fears. Fear is a really powerful emotion. And it can paralyze people to truly connect with them and persuade them and eat the dressed those underlying fears that they have. We got to go back to the big homey Trump. When he first ran for president, came down to escalator, he said immigrants are coming over here, you know, and they're bringing drugs and they're bringing murder and they're bringing rape straight up fear. I love the astrue. I love immigrants, man. They deliver my food every day. I love immigrants. I think the best thing about America is we get some of the best people over here. My fuck with immigrants. I'm not making a political statement. I'm saying he used fear to galvanize his base. But that goes back to what the homey Freud was saying. Every decision people made that he'd move towards pleasure. We covered a lot of that or away from pain. So if you see politics, man, they're always talking about some shit you should be scared of. Politicians are fucking marketers. They're always talking about some shit that they, that you need to be afraid of. Scared of. You also see that in other other industries. Like, when we're talking about that repellent, this product doesn't be out soon, I tell you, man, all the dangers that can happen if you let a thought and for trait your life. What happens if you get a thought pregnant? Now you want the morris show trying to figure out if it's you to father or not. You're hoping that more you say you're not the father, but you don't know you scared. That's what you need thought repellent to make sure it doesn't happen. Me just saying that right now, probably scared some of y'all into buying some thought repellent because you want to what? Avoid pain the way Freud talked about. It's very important. The next step in the Winston's persuasion course was confirm their suspicions. So sometimes people have like a good feeling about something. They may doubt themselves or they may feel like somebody's against them or they have all these conspiracy theories of what's going on. And you can really build their trust by showing them that you understand their perspective. Or even saying that it's true. I like to use politics as an example. I'm not political again. I want to say this 100% or 100% apolitical. Politics is a great example. Somebody's running for president. He has to persuade half the country, at least half the country to vote for him. So one of the things he does confirm their suspicions, what his Trump say, is that Democrats are lying to you. He's saying that they're trying to make your kids gay or some shit right, you know? Yeah. I don't like a button coming. Those are the water. They turn the friggin' frog's gay. Now let me give you a better example. I live in Florida. I moved here. And I got family members who are young family members, niece and nephews who go to school and Florida. I got a lot of friends with young children in schools in Florida. The governor, he had this bill that people couldn't talk about homosexuality in schools. Right? It sounds legit. We shouldn't be talking about that stuff. I guess, right? I get it, especially the young kids. The thing is, he made a law saying they can't do it. And people were like, yeah, people got real galvanized, but the thing is, it wasn't like a real thing. Like my niece and nephews ain't never got no gay homework. They never had motherfucking trainee book reports. Or no shit like that. Like it wasn't a real thing. And I remember I started asking all my friends with young children. The kids couldn't gay homework. And he was like, no, man, we never had no gay homework. You were like, you wasn't getting like, they have to have right training book reports or nothing shit like that. He was like, no, man, we never. I'm like, oh, people were kind of scared. And they had suspicions about this. So he solved the fake problem. But he really galvanized his base. He gets reelected. And the beauty of it is for him that he didn't have to solve a real problem. Right. He didn't have to address the average like grades and reading levels of Florida students are plummeted. He didn't have to address that. He didn't have to talk about the childhood obesity epidemic that's happening. He didn't have to address that the number one killer of Floridians is childhood obesity. Because it's easier to fix a fucking fake problem than it is to fix a real one because if you fix a real problem, you got to do something. But if you make something up, that people are scared of anyway, that now you get people excited about it. It wasn't a real thing, man. Why don't you talk to so many parents? Like, I had just moved to you. And I was concerned, like, fuck man, do I want to move to Florida? They teach and they teach and kids to be gay. It wasn't real, man. Right. But he confirmed his suspicions. Will it really not? If you can do this in your market, it should be real. Right. I wouldn't make shit up like our government did. But if you can find something real and it's a super powerful technique to galvanize people, my favorite part of the one sentence persuasion course is help them throw rocks at their enemies. I usually listen to YouTube space a lot, especially YouTube fitness space. People can get real popular of shading on other YouTubers, especially fitness. Saying someone is on drugs or is a fake netting, right? It does a few things. One, it confirms their suspicions. It also justifies their failure. As I imagine, if somebody's in better shape than you, then you either got to take that mental ill, right? That low status of this person's in better shape than me. Or, but if they're cheating, it's like, oh, but he's cheating, right? It justifies your inferiority. And it's powerful. But if people are able to build huge following's of shit none of the creators. And I'm telling you, this shit is WWE though. Like, I do not believe they believe everything they say. I'm sure there are fake netties. They were saying that I was on Royce before I even started to testosterone replacement therapy. I was almost 40 and 42 now. I was close to 40 when I started testosterone replacement therapy and I was 100% transparent about it. I did a whole documentary about this shit. But people were saying I was on it before for years. Why? Because man, what that does is it makes me their enemy. It's like, oh, I'm not a failure. Brand is not in shape because he has his gift of work out in and over two decades. It's not because he tracks everything he eats. And my fitness pal for fucking 20 years. That's not why. It's because he's cheating. Right? I get it, right? And galvanizes the base. How do you use something like this in your market? How do you help them throw rocks on the enemies? Well, again, before bring back the politics. If you're a public, you say, hey man, it's the fucking gaze. He says the trainees. The trainees are doing it. Meanwhile, the transactional population is less than one percent. I never see none of these motherfuckers. Ever. I live in Manhattan. I live in less than five in my whole life. It's like not a real issue. If we villainize them, then it's like egg. It can galvanize people. So who do you make the villain? Who can you make the villain in your marketing? I remember once I came out with a program back when I saw fitness programs. And it was called the Terminator 2 Week Judgment Diet. I saw about it was extreme. And what I said was, all these fucking fitness influencers, they think you are pussy. That's why they tell you to do something sustainable. They tell you to do something that's fucking easy. Because they don't think you're fucking tough enough to do something hardcore. They say, oh, you need to do some sustainable. Something that you can make a lifestyle. And I said, no fuck that. Why would you want to make a glory deficit a lifestyle? It's fuck that. A glory deficit is literally my old starvation. Why would you want to sustain starvation? Instead, get as ripped as possible as fast as possible. And then maintain your ideal weight. Make your ideal way sustainable once you get there. But let's get ripped fast as possible. And I said, these other influencers, they don't want you to do that because they think you are fucking pussy. They don't think you're tough enough to do nothing hardcore. And you know what they might be right. And I made the fitness industry, was the enemy. It's therefore that you still fat. Because they got you on this pussy shit in the name of it being sustainable. What you need is some fucking hardcore. We made 100 grand off that first week. I don't know. I just... Now I want to move on to one of my favorite books. This book is like the Bible. It's like the market in Bible for me, right? No disrespect to the big homie, J. Rob. And it's called influence by Dr. Robert Chaudini. And yes, basically six what he calls weapons of influence. They can help persuade people into doing things. And influence them into making decisions that are favorable for you. The first weapon of influence that Chaudini talked about was called reciprocity. Meaning when you give something to someone or help them with something, they're more likely to want to help you with something or give you something. This is Chaudini, not me. I try to get canceled. But he was in the book talking about how like someone, I really weary about accepting gifts for men or even dinners. Because there's a psychological pool that makes you want to do something toward for them or be more... That's Chaudini, don't cancel me. How can you use this to make more money for yourself? One thing I tell my students who I teach how to grow their own life in this business, I teach them one strategy to give away something free to their audience. Instead of when you're marketing, you're like, hey, buy my shit, buy my shit. No, no, first of all, you give them a lot of good advice. So you're giving out free advice. Oh, but then you can give them something free. Sometimes it's a free course, sometimes it's a free ebook. And the thing is it has to be good. This won't work if you give out some bullshit. If people think they can just throw some bullshit together, no, it has to be good. It has to be helpful. Because if you actually give them something that's helpful, then according to the law of reciprocity, the book will be for subconsciously feel almost identity. Let me give you examples. So this is one of my students, Corey Armstrong. He made over $400,000 last year as an online trainer. He's one of my star students. And I'll show you some of his content. So he's going to give some good advice. I'da give ribs eating sweets. I got donuts from the salty donut. It's going to help me lose body fat. Cheaters do win. But there is a right in the wrong way. In order to lose fat, you have to be in the calorie deficit. After a period of your body adjusts to that deficit, fat losses a hormonal process. Your body is constantly trying to hold on to as much body fat as possible. And so after a while it gets adjusted to it and it will hormones to stop. You've ever had a plateau. This is what happened. In order to get your body out of that, it is beneficial to have a high calorie day. Or what I like to call a cheat day. I teach my clients a six steps forward one step back. We go six days hard in the direction of their goal. And then we take one day to refeed the muscles, build the metabolism and get more fat loss. If you want to learn more about that, go ahead and type the word course below and I'll send you the free big belly blast or core. All right. So he's doing a few things here. I teach my students one. He gave away a lot of free advice in the actual video. Right? This bill is good will. And it actually helps people. Right? He's giving up a bit. He's giving up a bit. Then I'll send you my free course. Boom, lot of you see these people typing course in here. Boom. And he's sending them free courses. Right? The course has to be good. In the content has to be good. It won't work if you give them away some bullshit. It just won't work. What happens is those people are easier to sell to them. Because they don't help them twice and gave them a bunch of free shit. Does that make sense? They build reciprocity as well as they know him and like him and trust him more. As he's given away so much gain for free. If they actually benefit from their free shit, what happens is people say man, if his free shit is this good. Imagine why happens if he actually was my trainer. You also build trust. I do it too. All the time, I'm about to do it right now. Check it out. Hey, if you want to learn how to make money like the homey corey and my other students, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It'll show you how to grow your own life in this business, even if you don't have a big problem. Even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, the link is in the description. Go ahead and download that now. This is my star student right now, Kelly Nicole Fit. She doesn't even have as many followers as corey, but she made $1.5 million last year's online training. I want to show you how she uses it. You kind of macros before, but you never saw any progress from it, listen up because this is why. A lot of people think they just need one macro calculation and eat it that forever and they'll make progress. But that's simply not the case. A lot of people need to go through a lot of macro adjustments to get to that end goal that they have. For some people, that means 15 to 30 different adjustments to their macros as their body changes. You don't know when to dress your macros or how to adjust them. Comment macros down below and I'll send you my free macro adjustment cheat sheet. Alright, so go. So she gave some advice in the video that's helpful. Boom, but then she's going to show you how to adjust your macros to give you the cheat cheat. Comment the word macros below and then you see all the people's commenting macros. Boom, she made $1.5 million last year. I hope they're right. Like somebody ebooks that she put out and she's doing fantastic. Again, if you want to see it, that's it. Go ahead and download the free ebook that's taking me up as a long live training. And you can see it, online training is even right for you. You may not be something that you're into, but my students are making a lot of money. Maybe it's right for you. Maybe it's not though. Maybe your reading is like, hey, it's not for me. I don't want to work on it. If you'd like help people come to their fitness goals, then it's probably the perfect business for you. The next weapon of influence is commitment and consistency. Wait, what Chau Dini says is, once we make a commitment, take a stand or express a point of view, we feel pressure to behave consistently with that commitment. It's a subconscious thing. We desire to appear consistent to others. This is why it's so difficult to change someone's point of view, especially like on policies. Somebody came out and said, ah, I'm a Democrat or I'm a Republican. You're basically never going to get them to vote for the other side. They've made this public declaration. And we have a subconscious, I as towards wanting to remain consistent. So Chau Dini gave some examples of studies that were actually done when they would ask people to put signs on their lawn for some calls. And they went around asking about the people to do it. And almost all the people said, no, I don't want to put your fucking sign on my lawn. I'm eager to get out of here, right? Then they ran an experiment again. And they asked people to just sign a petition that said that they were in favor of what the signs said. But not asking them to put a sign on my lawn. Just sign a petition saying that, man, I'm in favor. And this is something I fuck with. I'm down with this out, right? Then they went back a little bit later. And the people who signed a petition saying they were four of the calls. They were more than twice as likely to agree to put the sign on their lawn on a yard. And only thing that happened is they made a small commitment that they want to see inconsistent. When we were younger, we called this the just-the-tip strategy. Once you get a little bit of consent, it's easier to get further consent. Consent, it's important. How do you use this in your marketing? One thing you'll see a lot of marketers do is they'll say you something super cheap at first. Sometimes it's called a trip wire. And they'll offer you more expensive things down the line. And for example, once I was at a strip club, long time ago back before, you know, I was back before I found a Lord. I was at the strip club called the spear me rhino in Las Vegas, Nevada. With my boy, white boy, brine. We went to the stage. The strip club DJ was like, and that, well, good name's it. The stage, cinnamon, and this, like, occasion when we came out with a long red hair, presumably that's why her parents named her cinnamon. And she started twerking that thing. And I was like, no, me go to the Gringo. For a brine, you know, he was very enamored with her white physique. And he started, he started twerking that thing. In front of him, he was putting dollars in the right. When she got off the stage, she didn't come to me. I think that, to me, I wasn't tippered at all. You know, I was trying not to throw up on my mouth. She went straight to brine, right? Because he had already tipped her because it's easier to sell to somebody who already sold to because of what consistency, right? When you tip a girl on stage, what does she do? Those are your whole business strip clubs, you know? Yeah, she's going to ask if you want to dance. Typically, going to go to the person who tipped her first because it's easier to sell to someone you always already sold to. And if what you sold to initially was good, then they'll trust you more. And the way it's easier to have sex with someone you've already had sex with. Anyway, she starts dancing. He's like, two, three dances for $25 each or some $20 each. Some shit, right? She said you want to go to VIP room. Right? She keeps up selling them, right? And brine is excited to do it, right? Because it's easier to sell to somebody who already sold to. So brine is in the VIP room. Somehow, I ended up in the pre-the VIP room. Two, I remember what happened. I drank to wait too much that day. I get out to VIP room and I'm like, yo, white boy, brine. We got to get about it here, man. He was like, I already left. I'm in the cab with cinnamon. He had some hotel. And I was like, oh shit, and I had this like real unique feeling of, oh, pride. Because he's like my little brother, pride in extreme jealousy. I hop in the cab and I head to the hotel room. Now our hotel rooms were adjacent to each other. I get up there, I live in a walking mile hotel room. Down the hall, I see brine open the door with the shirt off. And then cinnamon comes out fully closed and he walked away. And I'm thinking, oh man, that was like, seven minutes. He learned some breathing exercises or learn how to do key goals or something, man. Like, and he was like, nah, man, I didn't even have sex with her. I'm like, why? He said, she wanted $500. Now I heard that that was actually a deal. She probably did like in my heart that was actually a hard, I don't know. She didn't just immediately offer him pussy for money, right? And she worked away up to that. Got small commitments from small sales. They got bigger gradually. And then she went for a big sale. I was looking at her like, shit, man, I got fun. I took this day. I don't know what brine did do it. I know he had found it. I thought, I saw this checks. I still saw this checks. How to use this in your business? Well, one thing I used to do back when we had the supplement coming, we would sell trial versions of our Faberner T-Rex. And you could just get it for $1. And we actually lost money on every $1 sale. But people who bought that, the average order, they would end up by way more shit. The lifetime value that customer really so much because once they got into our ecosystem, now they are customer. They tip us at the stage. Next, you know I'm Mexican for a dance. Next, you know I'm bringing them to the VIP room selling and pre-workouts and protein. After that, I'm like, yeah, you want to go back to the... Ha ha ha ha. Get a small commitment that you can get bigger commitment. It's the just-a-tip strategy. So the next weapon of influence from the book is social proof. So the core idea is that people have kind of like a hive mind. Basically, people want to do things more, the more they see other people doing it. The way each out of you can describe it was, it was a shortcut to make decisions. I want you to think about a lot of marketing principles. The brain takes up a lot of resources to think. So the brain is always looking for shortcuts, right? The brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest. So it goes through great lengths to not think hard. It's sometimes it takes shortcuts. It wanted to shortcuts, it takes social proof. You've all done it. You go buy some more Amazon. What do you see? What do you look at first? The reviews. Am I right? How do you use this in your business? Well, first of all, you want to get a lot of great reviews. You want to get a lot of social proof and your shit has to be good. So I remember in 2014, I published a book called Ultimate Cut 7 Secrets to Burn Fat Fast Is Hale. You can see the reviews, right? You know, force 4 1 1 1 a.m star average. There was a few haters in there, but most people would love it. It was like 2% of them on motherfucking haters. You know, you get 3,000 people together. 2% of them are bitch niggas makes sense, right? But it's overwhelmingly people fucked with it. Now to do this, there's no trick to make it something good enough that people were right these kind of reviews. The only thing you have to make it really good. And I wrote this shit before AI 10 years before AI was out. You know, y'all got Chad Jippity. I was raw dog and literature right here. You know what I'm saying? Here's the thing though. How did this help my business? That this book, I wasn't trying to make money off the book. I did make some money off the book, but I wasn't trying to, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I price it the cheapest Amazon would let me price it on Kindle, right? But the key was in the book, I talked about one of a, a fat Bernie supplement we had called T-Rex. Back when I had my supplement line. And the first week this book came out, we fucking sold out at that shit. Because the book was good, right? And it was good information in there. This was really the thing that kind of helped me take my supplementary branch to the next level was this book, right? It was a kind of a Trojan horse. I snuck some marketing into the book. It worked out really well. But the social proof in this, in the, it was a time. I'm telling you, it was a time. Not anymore, but if you type burn fat on Amazon, this will come up on the first page. But I made sure it was good. So that's what you want to do with anything you have, right? You want to really go out of your way to get social proof and he gave referrals. And if you guys have had girlfriends, you noticed it like when we started liking you more and when you have a girlfriend. You know, it works like in business. If you have good friend group, people refer you friends, right? People are always talking shit about you. They would be difficult to make even friends. Like it works like this with everything. You definitely need to get the social proof. Pop it. My business now, I had to get trained at what teach people how to grow it on like in this business. The main way that I promoted is just testimonials from my successful students. So testimonials are a good way. Reviews, testimonials and just word them out. That's really the best marketing because that does the sales for you. You don't have to convince anyone. The next weapon of influence by Robert Chadini to help you sell more is liking. People have to like you or like your business in order to make purchases. If they don't like you or they don't like your business, even if your product is good, they won't fuck with it. I mean, if you example, Tesla's market share has been plummeting all year. But who were the main people buying Tesla's? Right? What can liberals? Right? Liberals. Because those are the people who want to save the environment. Like most conservatives, they don't really fuck with climate change at all. Right? So they don't even believe in that shit. Right? Who believes in that shit? Liberals. Right? So Tesla's were pretty much primarily bought by liberals. Eli, the CEO of Tesla, he came out in support of Donald Trump. He was wearing a mag at jumping up and down. He did a few Nazis to loot. Those weren't exactly in line with what his core market believed in. So what happened? People stopped buying Tesla's. The resale value of the cyber trucks. It's so bad that Tesla won't even take a minute for trade-ins. Tesla won't take in its own car for a trade-in. That's how bad it is. Right? Because he flipped the whole ideology of the brand. The brand was all these liberals who want to save the planet. That's why they drive in a fucking electric vehicle. Almost all the people on the web Tesla are fucking vegans or some shit like that. Those people traditionally aren't magas supporters. So he really fucked up the brand. And that's why you see the stock basically plummeting. Oh yeah, every sense he's been. Uh, fucking with the homey Trump. I'm not saying it's good or bad. I just want to illustrate that your product can be really good. But if people don't like you, then not going to fuck with it. The card didn't change. Same ugly fucking card. It looks like a goddamn futuristic Lego machine. The Tesla, the cyber trucks. It's the same shit. People fucked through it before. But they don't fuck with it. Now the only thing to change was the branding around the CEO. Now the same people who used to look at Tesla as a aspirational. They're fucking bombing that shit. All right. So how do we use this to our benefit? What I tell my students to do, the people I train in the businesses to think about who your target market is, think about their dreams, their hopes and aspirations, and become the embodiment of it. Become the embodiment of your target market, dreams, and aspirations. How did when I was first started my own life in this business? I was focusing on my target market, which was young men. That's my target market. So what I did was I thought, okay, the guy who's in between age of 20 to 30 was he into. What he really wanted is the motherfucking girls. In fact, a guy that age is difficult for him to think of anything but girls. So in almost all my videos, I had some girls that I knew in it. I put girls in a video. Not to be inclusive, or to include women in it, or like this is a motherfucking Marvel movie or something. No, it was to attract the dudes. I wanted them to look at me and be like, oh, this guy is living the life I want. He's ripped, he's in shape, he got some bread, and he's got a beautiful women around him consistently all the time. And I knew that's what my target market wanted. So when I embody that, at least from a marketing perspective, I didn't even have to make crazy claims about the product because they liked it. If you do this well enough, the product doesn't even have to be as good. It can be some regular shit. And it can be fine. Like when I had a sibling becoming, we weren't fucking changing the game. We weren't inventing new compounds. We had good formulas. I put together good formulas and it tastes good. But you could find shit in GNC that was competitive or like all around the same quality. You probably find some shit that was better. The bigger companies had more resources to me. I was just a fucking dude in Queens. Mark knew it was a bit of a story. Started to like it more. And for example, Kylie Jenner became a billionaire off the same shit. I grew up, she got some Kylie Jenner make up a shit. And I was like, is this shit like way better than Revlon or maybe lean or the other shit? And she's like, nah, it's pretty much the same. Why buy it from this shit as opposed to, you know, CVS where you can get the Revlon and all this shit because they like her. Likeing is super important when it comes to marketing. The more they like you, the easier it is to sell to him. One caveat is got to be good. Like this has to be a threshold of quality. You can't sell them no bullshit because then they would like you less. But as long as this fucking adequate, as long as it's competitive with the other shit in the marketplace, you have an advantage of people like you more. And you have a strong disadvantage if people like you less. Look at Tesla. So when he's E-Landed, the NAC, SLU, I was like, yup, let me buy some putts on Tesla stock. The next weapon of influence from Dr. Chalding is authority. He gave some examples of studies how people are more likely to buy a medication over the counter medication if a doctor was in the commercial. People trust authority, authority figures. But it doesn't necessarily have to be just like a doctor. There's more subtle ways to demonstrate authority. For example, it was a study in the book where they had a guy dressed in regular clothes, he looked like everyone else. He would cross the street before he had the light and they were trying to see how many people walked with him. When he was wearing regular clothes, some people walk with him, you know. But not everybody would do it. They put this guy in a sharp ass soup. Same guy, same street, just a different soup. He's dressed in clothing and they'd convey the authority. And then he went across street. More than twice as many people started crossing the street when they saw a motherfuck of what a soup do it. This was the demonstrate that people are really influenced by authority. How do you do this? In this industry. There's a lot of guys who got really popular on YouTube. I'm thinking like Jep Nipper, guys like that. Said it was just saying something that was showing you the science. I could say the same shit. In fact, sometimes I was saying the same shit. And we were like, oh, that's gross science. I'm like, man, I just, I'm just not on some nerd shit. I don't mean that in the derogatory way towards chef. I fuck with him. I'm subscribed or I'm a fan. He'll say the same shit, but then show a study and then people were like, oh, okay. Look at this. Oh, it's motherfuckers to the thru up anything. You motherfuckers wasn't reading. You wasn't even out of your fact checking Jeff. But the fact you just see throwing on the screen, it could be anything. So that's why I said, fuck man, I started doing that shit too. It was more convincing. I learned that from Jeff. But that's one thing you could also, when it comes to marketing, you're product or service though. You can become an authority. One thing I tell my students who I teach the grudder on my fitness business, any credibility is you markers that you have. Yo, you should show them. Because it gives you authority and people will believe you more. So if you're in a great shape, you need to actually show your body. Because people need to believe it. Right? You know, when I'm doing a fitness video, I got my shirt off. I might even spray some fucking shit on myself to make me look like I'm sweating. I'm on my muscles to glistening. So you're like, oh, this guy, I know what he's talking about. Sometimes I get guys who are in the military and I'm like, you're in the military. Why don't you have that shit? Army vet. You can get bio. They also credibility marker, man. Now you look, now you're not just some fucking guy. You were X-Marine. You want to show any kind of credibility or you can be next to people who have credibility. So like when NEMA trying to sell his video shed in shit, he was like, oh, I worked with Brandon Carter and people were like, oh, Brandon, you worked with Brandon Carter. And you'll see this when like, a lot of brands, big brands. Like Nike will get an athlete. Right? It's one thing that Nike says their shoes are awesome. Right? John Moran says those shoes are fucking awesome. Then it's like, all right, cool man. If I was Smith and Weston, I'd get John Grimmeran to endure. I'd give him his own signature. No, I'm millimetre. Man, Shaqin, Doris and anything. He's an NBA champion in VP, Olympian, Audition. When a rich mother of a say, this pop of John Pizza is lit, I'm a believe in man, because Shaq's big fat rich ass. He can get the best shit. Is rich fat boy said that shit? A Shaqaroni pizza must be delicious. Or you see with fit as brands, they pay influencers. Right? That's because they're trying to get credibility or authority, because they get people who have authority in that space. But you want to make sure that the people have credibility if you attach your brand to someone else or yourself, where you want to have credibility, right? If Nick Cannon was out here endorsing contraception. And I'd be like, mm, mm. That's the shit I need to stay away from. You know, you're going to attach authority to your product of service, either by you becoming an authority, maybe you need to get more credibility marketers for yourself and or bring in other people to endorse your product that has credibility or get evidence from credit, predable people. These would be like study academic studies, a shit of that nature. The next weapon that influence from Shaq Dini is scarcity. People want what they can't have. And they know and appreciate things that are abundance. This is why, you know, a lot of luxury watch brands, a limit production, they could make more Richard Mills, right? They make it difficult to buy. It's difficult to just go in to Richard Mill or Rolex and just buy a Rolex. I know, I tried. It's like took me a minute to get one. Like I went in there, I was trying to get the titanium, yeah, master. And it was a year after it came out. And then people at Rolex, they said, man, it's going to be a while. We're going to put you on a wait list, but it might be on it for years. I haven't even seen one of those in person. It's what she said, like she works at the Rolex store. It makes it more valuable. And then you can see on the reach the resell market, people are selling news ones. Because the scarcity watches are like the only thing that it costs more used. A used great market watch will cause more than retail because you can't just go buy it retail. So scarcity is something you can utilize to really get people to want things more. You'll see other companies who just even know Amazon sometimes you're going to Amazon. And they'll say only three left, hurry. You probably bought that shit right away. I know I have. That should be a lie. It doesn't have that. And I'm not saying you should lie, right? But I'm just saying that shit works. Like the scarcity people want what they can. And they don't appreciate it with it easily. For example, I think Cartier makes great watches, fantastic watches. But you can just go on the store and buy a Cartier, right? They don't have the same kind of manufacturer scarcity. It's still the number two watch a brand in the world. So they're doing great for themselves. But as a result, a used great market secondhand Cartier is significantly less than a retail Cartier because you could just go on the store and buy a Cartier. A Rolex is going to be above retail, most of the time. And it's all because of scarcity. This is why fucking diamonds are so expensive. They look nice, right? But the truth is they're just as scarce and difficult to get and they take fucking thousands of years to make natural, natural diamonds. And that's why lab diamonds are cheap. If you can lab diamonds when they're making them in the lab, they make them in a day. And they get make unlimited supply. I'm so as cheap, right? They're almost identical. But because one is scarce, it's more expensive. How do you do that with your product or service? Well, I tell my students to take advantage of that. For example, I teach people out of a girl they're all my fitness business. And one of the things that teach them to do is to actually say how many spots you have left. You end up in the only Afas spots left, right? Say, it's the truth because you can't train an unlimited amount of people. Unless, of course, you start hiring coaches underneath you. Which a lot of my students do, my students will make big money. Like the students will make over a million hours a year. They have coaches who work underneath you. But the ones who are making tens of thousands of dollars per month, they're doing it all themselves. And they can't take unlimited amount of people unless they start adding to their business, adding employees, right? Because the average online trainer can only manage about 50 clients. So start saying it, man. I got five spots for online training. When people say she liked that, it really, they really fill up because people like, oh, it's scarce now. They want it now. Matter of fact, if you guys want to learn more about how to grow your online fitness business, actually have a free ebook called the 10 Commembs of Online Training. And it'll show you how to do it. You know, hit the link in the description. Right now you can download it for free. And it really just gives you a lot of game on how to grow your online fitness business, how to grow your following, how to stand out amongst a crowded market. And this is even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, it will show you, it will really give you the game on how to get it popping. But scarcity is something that you definitely want to utilize. It has to be true. If you've got a bunch of experience where you can't lie. But if you only got a few left, they need to know that. They need to know that. These next techniques are going to come from a book that I like so much. I used to never tell anybody about it because I didn't want my ops or competition to get their hands on it. Because I felt like it was so good. And not a lot of people knew about it. But I'm going to share with y'all because I'm actually rich now. And to compete with me, it will be a dubious proposition to say the least. This book is called Secrets of Power Negotiating by Roger Dawson. This one is about negotiating. The one sentence persuasion book was more an overview. Influenza was more concepts as well. This is more on a ground level. One of my first takeaways from this book, when this is going to be secret number 12, is always make the other person feel like they want it. Always make the other person feel like they want it. So when you're negotiating with someone, you never would have been feel like you beat them. Or you hurt their ego. Because a lot of times you have to work with this person you negotiate with. Or you're there a client or whatever. You want to feel like they won. Even if it was your plan all the long, you got exactly what you wanted. They should feel like they won. A good example in a book was Roger was about to speak at some event. And there was some people in front of him. And they were talking about Roger, but they didn't know he was behind him. And one of the guys said, this next speaker man I heard it, I heard if you talked to him long enough, he'll take the gold out of your teeth. And Roger, it's interrupting the said, if you take the gold out your teeth, that's stealing. If you give me the gold from your teeth and then thank me for it, that's my goal she gave it. Right, you wouldn't even make it feel like this. There are ideas. How do you do that in the business context? A lot of people do this in pretty, the fairies ways. So the submen come to GNC, the submen store. But they used to have this thing called super Tuesdays. They actually got sued by the federal government for this. And they had to stop doing this. Where if you were a gold car member at GSC, you got 20% off everything on Tuesday. But what really happened was that would mark shit up 20% and then say you got a deal. And you said that you ever had a deal, they're marked it up. And then decreases that the regular price that it was already was. And then you went in there, you felt like you got a deal. And they made a lot of money on super Tuesday. I remember before I knew they were doing this, I would wait till Tuesday to go buy supplements from GNC. I felt like I was getting the deal. I felt like I won. That's in the the fairies way to do it. You can do that in ways that aren't evil. As well, the key to sales is not to try to convince someone to buy something. Or not try to talk them into it. It's really you want to ask them questions until they convince themselves. You're really good sales person or negotiator. They ask you, man, how do I get started? Or how do I buy? And what you do that is whatever you're selling, all products or services solve a problem. For example, to say you were selling online coaching. You were going to help somebody lose weight. You were asking, man, how much weight do you want to lose? And they'll say 15 pounds. And say, why do you pick up number? What makes that go important to you? How's that going to improve your life? I'll have more confidence. I'll fit in my clothes better. And then you say, okay, what's been the main thing has been preventing you from accomplishing that goal? And they'll say, oh, man, it's just my diet. I don't really know what to eat. And you know, I just eat whatever. So it sounds like you're saying you need a plant. You know, I'm like, yeah, yeah, I can't. And then this is a simplified version of you. And you're like, here's what I do for my clients who have similar problems. It's you. When my clients want to lose weight first, for all, I talked to them about exactly what foods they like. What are their similar favorite foods? And I make a plan kind of based around some of those foods. So they don't feel like it's so restrictive. I make sure they're diet. Destruction in a way that takes all the guess work out for them. So they know exactly what they want. But they also don't feel like it's too restrictive. And as a result, my clients actually actually lose the weight in record time. And their whole life kind of changes. Does that sound like something you're interested in? Like, yeah, that's exactly what I need. Right? Now that, and now it's like, oh, that's exactly what I need. You know, and then you say, hey, what about that would be most helpful for you? If I get a plan and it takes all the guess work out, that'll be perfect for me. That's what I need, right? But of course it is, because that's what you said you need. If you do a good enough job of that, then they'll typically ask, man, so how do I get started? Now who's selling who? It's going to the next tip I got from Roger Dawson's book. This is a negotiation tactic called higher authority. You claim to need approval for someone to make the decision. Like, you can't make the decision unless someone else does it, right? A lot of people do this sometimes when they say, oh, I need to talk to my wife. I need to talk to my other. Sometimes I need to talk to my wife. Sometimes it's just a way to, to wheeze a lot of the deal. Where I can use this in your life is like, maybe they want to come on my podcast. I'm going to come on YouTube. And I'm trying to negotiate with them. We're trying to figure it out. I'm like, miss it. I don't know, man. I got to ask NEMA. NEMA runs the show, man. He produces the whole thing, man. I just yell at the cameras and people like it. But NEMA's in charge, man. He does the whole thing. Hey, man, listen, I don't know if we got space, man. I got to check with NEMA. So high higher authority, you can do that. Then you can always pass the buck to someone else. Let's say you're working with someone. You negotiated with someone. They're trying to get you to lower the price. And if it's your business, if it's just you, they know you can lower the price. But if you say, listen, man, I got to check on my business part of this man. I don't even know if we could do that, bro. He knows it. And you hire authority. I mean, it's a good negotiation tactic to have in your pocket. The next one is similar. He called it limited authority. Now you're claiming that you have limited decision making power. And you encourage the other side to make their best offer. Let's say I'm working with NEMA. Somebody want to sponsor the podcast. And it's trying to negotiate with me all the day to give me like a lowball offer. And I'm like, listen, I'm not even in charge of the podcast, bro. NEMA is in charge. I'm just behind you. I don't know if we go that price. It's going to take me some time to get back to you, man. I know he'll do it at this price. I can guarantee that. But anything above that, man, I just don't know. And a lot of times you say something like that, we're like, all right, let's just do it for that price. Next one. Number 15, one of my favorite strategies is called the Red Hairing. This is when you negotiate with somebody. And you introduce a minor issue that you don't really give a fuck about. But you make a big deal about this thing that you don't care about. And then you can see that in negotiation in order to get some more important later. I don't want to tell you all my son's name, but I got the name I wanted. But initially, when I first proposed the name to his mom, she liked another name better. And we were kind of going back and forth. So I said, you know what name I really like though? Thor. That's the one. Name which name is his name is Kid Thor. And I fucking made a big deal about it. Valk Thor, man. No, his name should be Thor. You know how cool that would be. Thor Carter? And I made a big deal. Made a big deal about Thor. Started arguments about Thor. Fucking stormed out the house once about the name Thor. And then I came back to our lives. And I've calmed down. Thor made it into much. I get it. You know, you don't like Thor. But we both kind of like this other name. Let's just go with that. That's my son's name. But it seemed like I conceded. Now I look like the reasonable one. Because I made up a bullshit. That. And now I would make no mistake. I would have took Thor. I'd have been very happy with Thor. But that's not what I really want. It was a red hearing. The next one, Robert. It's called tradeoffs. You recognize you always ask for something in return for every concession you make. And you frame it as if you do this. Then what are you going to do for me? Quick pro quote. For example, every time someone wants to bring something into the negotiation and some a new term or a new deal, you don't just let them add that shit. You say, okay, we can do that. What are you going to do for us? If you do, if you want to add that, then we're going to need this. You never let them just add some shit. And a lot of times they'll either add the shit you want it. Or they'll say, all right, fuck it. I don't want this shit. No more. All right, and ain't worth this. I want to give a quick disclaimer about all these negotiation tactics. There is a point of diminishing returns when it's no negotiation. I feel like there was a point where I got so good in the negotiating that I could basically get almost anything I want it out of the negotiation. Then I had to work with these people. They benefited so little from the deal that I didn't get their best work out of it. I was like, fuck. So instead of using all these tactics, now when I'm going to go to your people, I try to get them, try to overpay people or get them maybe even more than I feel like they deserve because I want them to be more invested. And especially if somebody who's a contractor, I want to be there, they're best client. That's that's not from Roger. That's mine. That's tip number 17 is actually pay people more sometimes or get people more than they deserve. So you can be their best client. For example, my cheap operating officer. She does all the operations of my business, but she actually has her own business. And she does operations for other businesses. And I saw how good she was. I was like, fuck, I want to be her best client. So I negotiated with her to actually pay her more money. So I would be here to client who's paying her the most so she would focus more on me. And as a result, I got better service. And we made a better team. Now she's incentivized to stay with us because I went above and beyond for it. So that's the opposite of a lot of these and they go to you and tech. Sometimes you want to pay people more so you can get the best out of them. Right? Now we're going to get back to Dawson. Number 18 is called the foot and door technique. Basically, once you make a little bit of a headweight or you get a little bit of a concession for someone, it's easier to get a lot more. And any guys who ever said, whoever acts to grow to for just the tip knows exactly what I mean. Because once you get the tip in, I'm going to stop right there. You know what happens next. Concentually. So sometimes when you go to somebody, you might want to just solidify small terms first. And it'll be easier to solidify bigger terms. Number 19, he called this sweetener. You're offering small, seemingly insignificant extras at the end to make the deal more appealing and ensure the other person feels like they want. What he recommends is, after you basically settle on something, you don't in, hey, I'll do this for you. I'll do that for you. And then, the way the person is going back to the other tip, they can feel like they want. So then you could throw in some shit like, man, I'll even throw in this X, Y, and Z. And then it was like, fuck, that was like a little bonus. Right. Number 20 is what Roger called Goodcop Badcop, which is similar to limited authority, or higher authority. You want to use someone on your team or someone you work with as the badcop. Sometimes it can be true, right? So for example, when I'm talking to myself team, I'm going to be like, hey, guys, we got to do this, right? Now, if you guys can't figure it out, and I'm going to have to call Amber, she's going to have to fix it for you. Amber is the person on my team who fires people. Right. So I use Amber as leverage. It's not fake. Amber will fire you. What I'm talking to the sales team, I'm like, hey, guys, I mean, we got to get this down. I'm more of the coach motivational coach. But I use Amber as the badcop, like, this and guys, I know you guys don't want to do your reports every day. I get it. I didn't like doing that every person when I was a sales person either. It's a problem in the man like, I don't do the HR and the business on board man. Amber does it. And if you guys don't do this, it, you know what happened to Steve. No, I don't want to have to get Amber involved, but listen, I'm a half time. Somebody y'all who had dad's growing up. Your mom's probably did some shit like, hey, I'm going to tell you father. Number 21 with draw in extreme cases. You need to be prepared to withdraw your offer. And that can be a powerful tactic to force other parties to reconsider their position. But you have to mean it, though. You don't want to be throwing out bullshit or just threatening people. You have to really listen. If it's not going to work, then we're going to get out of here. If they want it more, they'll be willing to reconsider their position. Right? Be willing to walk away at any time. Listen, guys, you don't need to negotiate. If you don't got no business, if you're not doing any business, anyone, right? Here's the thing. If you want to learn to grow your own life, business business, I've talked over 15 thousand people out of growth, successful online business businesses. If you want to learn how, you can do the same. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training and click the link in the description. And you can get it for free. Right?

=== FILE: 21 Side Hustles That Will Make You RICH [Tier List] [_zzoL9_gpmI].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down the top businesses to start in 2024. My criteria is going to be profitability, scalability, and in barrier of injury. I got a little tier list for it. The best one is going to be balling out of control. Out of control. The other one is just, oh, it's balling. The other one. This is good. It's not balling, but it is good. This is okay. It then is trash. Everybody wants to know about drop shipping. I get this all the time. Drop shipping. And drop shipping is, I think is trash. Because basically drop shipping is selling Chinese bullshit to old people. And it fucking sucks. The shit is going to take fucking two to three weeks to come from China to the old mother fucking Missouri who bought you, who you scanned in the buying shit. But worst of all, you got to run ads for this shit, right? And Facebook, meta, specifically. They don't like drop shipping. Every drop ship I know they're fucking accounts are getting banned all the time. Like all the time. But for cause they have like 50 accounts. I know cause I know some of the people who make good money drop shipping is just a fucking nightmare. And then not only that, they're fucking payment processors get shut down because they get too many complaints and too many charge backs. You can make money doing it, but it's a fucking nightmare. I wouldn't do it. Mind you, I've made money doing in the past. This is how I know, right? It's a nightmare. I said I don't want to do this no more. Next we're gonna go with Bitcoin. This is something that people say. Mostly in Miami, like what you do, oh man, I'm in the crypto. I don't know what they mean when they say shit. They're form of put trash. I don't think the blockchain is trash. I think there is utility in blockchain. I don't think Bitcoin is trash or Ethereum is trash. Or any of these fictitious fucking currencies that I didn't. Any of this make believe money, right? I don't think it's trash. However, I think to try to make a business out of it, I devise against it. If you want to be an investor in it, cool. But if you want to make a business out of fucking crypto, I devise against it for a variety of reasons. And one in particular, every scammer on the big, big time scammer, you got a payment crypto. Why? Because they're fucking payment processors. Always get shut down. They can't take regular payments like a fucking normal person. So they gotta get crypto. It seems to be the preferred payment method for criminal enterprises. And that's the one reason why, you know, as of now, I don't really fuck with it. Not really good for anything, it's not good as a currency, right? Something you can buy is fucking crying. As of yet, but at some point there might be some more utility. They gotta figure that out. Let's go with only fans. I know people do only fans, women, who do only fans. And they make a lot of money. I'm still going to put it in trash. For if you're one of these women watching, they can, oh man, maybe I should do only fans. And the reason I'm putting in trash is if you're going to have kids one day, one day, that kid is going to be in school. Somebody's going to pull up a video of their mom doing some strange for some change. And they won't even have to bully him. Show him the picture. Maybe they'll put it in a group chat. I imagine that's going to be difficult for that, but that young person. That's why I think it's trash. Even though it's lucrative, right? It's just, it's a word of fucking up your children's life. Let's get some good ones up here. All right. Now, Amazon FBA is baller. If you do it right, now you can't do drop shipping on Amazon. You can just shit fuck that. Right. It's against Amazon term services. If you create your own product or service and sell it on Amazon, you can make a lot of money or if you buy something wholesale and then sell it on Amazon, you can make a lot of money doing that. How do I know? Because I did it. When I first started my supplement line, I think my supplement line, my low roll laboratories was the first black owned supplement company. I'm going to keep saying that to somebody, prove me wrong. And I was just selling it on Amazon. I was the only place you can buy it. And we made a lot of money off that. We put it on our own Shopify as well. But even when we had it on Shopify on our own site on Shopify, we still used Amazon FBA for the fulfillment. So somebody bought it from Shopify. It would be fulfilled by Amazon still. They have integration. So I think Amazon FBA is fucking baller, especially if you have your own product or service. If you have your own brand is baller and out of control, I know people who make $100 million Amazon businesses. Most of you guys who can do it Amazon, if you're doing it right, you're going to be buying something on wholesale and putting it on Amazon, which is still fucking baller. Video editing. I think you're well suited to talk about this, man. Because this is the video guy we got here. Aiden. You ever did video editing as a business or side hustle? For sure. That's how I started off with doing video editing. I think video editing is great. I would say between OK and good. OK. Because you can't really scale it. You'll get burnt out quick. You know, your eye started hurting. You can only take on a certain amount of clients. And you're also competing with a bunch of people, man. Yeah. I feel that if you're going to just do video editing as opposed to content management creation. OK. I'm going to go with the good on video editing because I know one guy. To do my boy Ryan, he does most of my TikTok and YouTube shorts. And he has a short form video agency. He does short form video for me, Grand Cardone, and a few other big names. He has some in the A. So I don't know if I'm at Liberty, Liberty, to say anything else. And what he does is he will fly to the person with film two days. And it will shoot 80 to 100 videos. And then he has his team edit them. Or he'll do it with people like virtually or he'll just give them a list of videos. And then he'll edit them and he'll post them too. Yeah, a niche. Is it somewhere between OK and good? I'm just pretty good. I want to go with flipping. So a lot of times people will do is they'll buy shit from marshals. Maybe even target by shit on sale, fucking bookstores. Yard sales in shit. And they'll flip the shit. You don't want eBay for a lot of times on Amazon. And that's what they're doing for a living. So I knew this Russian girl and she was one of the girls who used to be in my video. So all the time back in there. She didn't have a job. So naturally I thought that she was a prostitute. And then she told me now what she does is she goes around buying shit around New York. And then she ships it to Amazon FBA. And she puts it on Amazon and sells it on Amazon. And I was like, get the fuck out there. And then she showed me she has a whole warehouse. Fully shit. It was a real business. She's going to motherfucking Yard sales. She's going to marshals. Different marshals all around the city. Looking for shit on sale. She showed me an app on her phone where she can see how much it's selling on Amazon. First is how much she buy for it. It's like an arbitrage, right? And then she'll fucking pack that shit up. Send it to Amazon and be a and they'll sell it on Amazon. She's making good money doing it. I would say it's OK because it's not as scalable as some other things. And it's a lot of labor. Right? So I'm going to do that shit in person. Go find this shit. But she's making good money. Doing it. You know, I see people say they may millions of dollars for the shit. But online trainer, I'm going to put that on ball and out of control. That's how I made my first building as an online trainer. Started off. It's the first training, but that's not scalable. You work and you can pay by the hour. Like a prostitute. That's what I heard. And you can't skill that. Because there are only so many hours in one day. But when I started training people online, I was actually able to help more people charge them less and make more money as a result. It's beautiful now. I teach other people how to do it. And how the math works. I'm going to use this simplest one. It's different pricing strategies. The simplest one is you charge people $80 a week. If you can 25 clients, paying you $80 a week, you can keep an average of 25 or for a whole year, 50 to weeks. That'll be $104,000. Making as much as a fucking doctor. But you ain't got to cut nobody open and anybody sneezing on you. And you maybe thinking, who's going to pay $80 a week from online training? And you can get everything from the mother fucking internet. Or you watch some YouTube videos or chat GPT and get all the information. Yeah, as online training, that's selling the information. What you're going to do is you're going to give them a workout plan and a diet plan. And they're going to do it all in their own. They just mark what they did each day and they mark their calories. And we can see it in each time. Like I still train people now. I still have a few clients. Don't ask me to train you because you can't afford it. It's going to be like a fucking ton of money. But I can go online right now. I'm going to see what all my clients ate for breakfast lunch at the NDSAC. Exactly how many calories they had, how many macro they had, right? A fucking YouTube video I'm going to make you do that. And I make sure they do it. The beauty of online training is you're selling accountability. Honestly, when I started doing online training, I started getting better results from online training for clients than most people give for the impression clients because in person training is now monitoring the diet and diet is the most important part. You're only with them for an hour a day. So they got 23 hours each day to fuck up that shit. If you monitor the diet, that's the 24 hour thing you see what they eat every day. You can't outrain a bad diet, but you can't outdied bad training. My online clients aren't pro athletes. Like when I used to train my pro athletes, yeah, we had to make sure their form is exquisite. But the fucking regular guy of the street man, you give him a fucking any workout plan. You know, as long as his diet is right, he's going to get in great shape. That's what really, really said them were making sure that they accomplished their goals. And his cheaper for the client. $80 a week equinox for one session. It's talking about $250 for one session. You got to see them before get least three times a week. So now we're talking about, you know, 750 dollars a week versus $80 a week. And the equinox training is not equal to fucking look at their diet. The diet is the most important part. The reason is is est here because it's only have seven students who have made over a million out of the year as long as I train. But I have thousands of students who have made six figures a year from online training. Like, that was. If you want to learn more about that, is it link in the description for a ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training where I really break down. It's exactly how to set it up. Everything you need to know to bring your online training business. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, you don't need to be certified to be online training. When I first got hired as a trainer, I wasn't certified when I was like, 17. I wasn't certified. They say, man, we'll hire you now. You got too much to get certified. Right? You've had to be certified to be an in person training. They only want you certified for insurance reasons. I later got certified. Right? If you certified cool, but you don't have to be certified, you don't have to have a big follow on either because you only need 25 clients to make six figures. If you want to know more about that, the link is in the description for that ebook. They train it. Alright, so this is weird, right? I'm gonna put this in okay. I know a lot of people want to say trash, but I don't put it in okay. The reason is because most people, statistically 90% of people lose 100% of money they train. I know some people who make $1 million a month. They train. I know one guy who makes one guy. I know a few people who make $100,000. Right? I get them down to people. They key with these people is all of them are already rich. And it's not their full-time gig. They have a whole-nother job they do when they train in the morning. I've never seen somebody make a lot of money who wasn't already a multi-millionaire training. I've never seen it. That doesn't mean it doesn't happen. And I think it's because they're less emotional about it. It's more of a game. Because really when you trade in the stock, you're trading, you're making a bet that the stock is gonna go up or down. Kind of got a 50% chance. I'll be right, you just don't know, right? I think it's the fear and the greed and emotions that what fucks you up. But if you're already rich and it's not even your main thing, I seem to be super lucrative for people. Only fans manage me. I'm gonna put this in good. I have a few friends who manage women on only fans. One of them has a business, a only fans business. And I was, I'm gonna invest during that business. It's super lucrative. He's making, at one point, he's making over a million hours of managing girls on only fans. But he had to do everything. And it's really like managing a bunch of toddlers. It's super similar. And these bitches are lazy. They don't want drugs and shit. They just like drugs. He's not on no fucking crazy time. It's just, but they're just like lazy bitches, right? So what he does is he'll fly them all to a place for a week. Airbnb, a mansion or something. You know, I have his film crew there. And he'll fucking film everything. Take all the pictures like a month's work for content. Then he flies him back. And he's chicks on got to do nothing but promote the only fans on their social media. And his team are doing everything. Like these are chicks might not even be logged into the only fans. Right? He's got a team of like Filipino people. A lot of them are Filipinos at the crib. Message a new one. It hey daddy sent me so many. You can use all kinds of the chick from only fans. You're talking to a motherfuckin' the Philippines man. A dude probably. And the Philippines man, siphon in that money off you. You know, it's like a bigger project than you think. You got to manage the content team that was doing all the posts. And you got to manage all the people who are in Iraq. The team of Filipino people who are in Iraq. Then with the clientele. And then you got to manage all these crazy women. Right? Like how crazy you got to be. So play with yourself online for money. What kind of upbringing you have to have to think man? I just want to play with my vagina for money. And you got to deal with these people selling info products. I'm gonna put this as good if you're good at it. Right? You know, like selling courses and shit. Course sellers get a bad rap. I bought so many courses that I've learned so much from. And every time I want to learn something, a new skill in the past, I would buy like maybe three, four courses. And try to learn and read every book I can. Right? So a lot of times when people buy a course, they man I bought this course. And I ain't even a millionaire is like, yeah, I'm gonna be honest, it's difficult to believe that one course is gonna do that. You have probably gonna keep studying. But they put you on the right path. I don't, I don't think it's been any one course that's helped me make a ton of money. Like I bought course some courses from people who ended up on like coffee, zilla or something. I was able to take some knowledge from there and make some money. So it's also you, right? It's like some of it is you. Like we all go to high school. Some of us end up fucking home is drug addicts. That don't mean high school sucks. But I would say it's a lot of course, people sell courses. They over sell it. They over sell the dream like it's gonna be fucking easy. Just buy this course next to you. No man is gonna be fucking models. Can't be our private jets. It's far fetched, right? That's why like, I don't sell the course. I sell a, a, a coaching program, right? But in my city, I'm like, you know what's gonna take hard work? It's gonna take hard work. It's not gonna be easy. Matter of fact, if you lazy, don't fucking come here. I don't know what they kind of customer. But I think a lot of course sellers, they go after that kind of customer. That kind of customer, no matter how good the shit is, he's gonna fail because he would look at person to be easy. And the, and the marketers fault is the, the course sellers fault for saying it was gonna be easy. I think it's not the material, it's the expectations. It's gonna be easy man. Here's me on my, here's me on my fucking private jet. And all this other shit is like, yo listen, that's shit ain't real man. Make a fucking million dollars. It's gonna take everything, homey. It's gonna take everything. I've had 15,000 students come through my high ticket training for a grant. Seven of them have made over a million dollars a year. A little percentage. That's why I don't be telling people, hey, you know what, this is gonna make you millions. I probably won't, right? You know what's in sales. If you learn sales, man, you can make a lot of money, bro, like sales. You don't even have to have your own business to make a lot of money. My, I have a sales guy, my top sales guy's I paid up. I paid them $400,000 last year. And you work remote sales from just create. Talking them up because I was doing one of the, right? If you can get a job like that, it's fucking dope. You know, sales is, this is just a master skill, right? That's one of the things that, either we teach my students, everybody gets their own one on one coach, but we also have a sales coach. We have a bunch of coaches that everyone gets. If you don't mind making sales, you don't have a business, right? But you could just do sales. And the beauty of doing with sales is easier than having a business. I just being a highly paid sales person. Because you have the autonomy of running your own business, like you can make your own schedule. If you do remote sales, you should say, I want to work these days these times. It just takes sales calls in. Right? So you have the autonomy without the responsibility. I remember when I was building my business. And it was so difficult to remember. I told you to take everything to take a million dollars. You make a million dollars, man. You're going to lose sleep. You're going to lose friends. I got divorced, man. You know, real shit. Like it would be like that, man. You know what I'm saying? Wouldn't trade for the world, man. It's going to cost you everything. Because starting on business, going to cost you everything. It was like when it panels at the end of, um, in game, no, it wasn't in game. What's the first one? We killed everybody. He killed half the people. Infinity War. And he was talking to his daughter that he killed. And she said, no, did you do it? He said, yeah. She said, what did it cost you? He said, everything. Yeah, that's how I felt, man. When I made my first bill, you were like, I felt like yo, it calls me everything. I'll meet him. Yeah. Yeah. However, I used to dream about doing what I was going to that stroke. I was like, man, I used to fantasize about this quit-nission, like selling news Nissan or just getting the sales jobs somewhere. Well, forget, if I sell Nissan at the Nissan dealership, I don't have to do the marketing. I don't have to do the customer service. All I got to do is the part I'm good at is sales. I make the sales give my commission. They could drive that car off the light, crash it, it could explode. And it wouldn't matter to me, but you, business, now you, you were charging the marketing, you were charging the customer service. You got to care about that Nissan blowup that's your fault if you're joining Nissan. I envy myself, people. You know what I'm saying? All right, a website building. I'm gonna put this in okay now, man, just because maybe in the fucking early 2000s, you could have got paid a lot for that, man. But I've built websites. I remember my first website, I built. I had to, it was before click funnels or any of these software or Shopify. You know, before WordPress, right? I was in there with HTML, homie, like doing HTML. Like I had to code. My folks who build websites now, they don't have to code. And then there's so many tools like click funnels Shopify, all that shit, this thing. It's okay, but it's like limited use case, right? Not everybody needs it. Affiliate marketing. One of the ways I was making money early on, I was doing affiliate marketing. It's good. You got to be able to get traffic. If you can get traffic, you can promote someone else's offering, get a commission off of it. It's only okay, because if you're good at getting traffic, you better you have your own product. You just make more money. I mean, some more responsibility, but more writing. So affiliate is just, it's just okay. Copy right in. I'm gonna put it right now as okay, just because I would have put it here a few years ago. But now that we have AI, okay, I'm gonna put it good right now. At some point, it's gonna go to trash. That point is not that right. And now, there's no AI copy right in shit that's better than my copyrighted or me. Like it's a copyright. I've made money as a copyright. I've read and copy for people like back in the days when I was coming up. But I still get a marketer, sometimes people would like it. And I need to sell a letter and don't even trip in. We're gonna need to write this VSL. Don't even trip in a catch. So I'm gonna put it good here, but I just feel like copyrighted days are numbers. You might have five years before the robots come for that job. It's a man's manager all in out of control if you're good. So my boy Jeremy, man. And it was a point, man. I think when I met him, I probably had more money than him, but that ship is sale. You first he was just running ass with you and that's probably when I had more money than him. He got so good. He runs my ass to write. But he's one of the best as managers in the world. He doesn't take up front fee. He takes up percentage of revenue because he's so good. It's a good deal for the fuck and business on the two right because they gotta pay him enough front. He's just gonna eat what he kills. But then they fucking ran and they gotta pay him like seven figures. He's really one of the best in the world. I'm Beyonce Jeremy Jeremy. Jeremy Hayes, check out his YouTube. He's got YouTube age. He'll be dropping jewels, man. I'm telling you, when he switched it to the percentage of revenue, that's when he started really bald. You gotta be good at that, right? Because you only eat what you kill. He only works with businesses that he can get to seven figures a month. Oh, he's got a few. He's got board and ten clients. I know he's got board and ten. I know he doesn't take less than 10%. Each one of these guys are doing a million dollars a month. Do the math. He's making a million a month or more. Yeah, it's bald. This is fucking bald, man. I can show. If you're good, if you most as managers suck though, it's the hustle of motherfucker buy a course and think he's the man. He might be the man one day, but it takes time to get good. Jeremy been doing this shit for a month long. If you can get good, it's bald, man. I can show up. Being an influencer. Uh, it's just okay, man. It's just okay because most, you know what? I'm putting trash. Most influencers are poor. Most influencers I know are fucking broke. I know what motherfuck is with. Fucking million followers who are broke, man. I was talking to his one, dude. He, and he has 300,000 followers on Instagram. He's worried about paying rent. If he's like, man, can I shout to you out or some man, can you pay me to shout you? Like, you need to, because he needed money for rent. And another motherfuck was in the similar situation. He had a few hundred thousand followers. He's trying to come up so he can move out his mom's house. Followers don't equal money, man. A day to this gross year like buying it,000 followers. His time is she didn't have 500 dollars in her account. Let's go. Two two is different. I'm putting YouTube. YouTube is good. It can be, it is the baller if you wanted the best. Right? If you just, I'm talking about just YouTube, it's the business. You want the best. My page, the ad revenue on this channel, made $75,000 less. Right? I pay my fucking editors more than that. Each, I'm in the red. I pay to do this. I like it. It's $75,000. It doesn't cover my costs. It's just okay. Unless you're one of the guilty. Right? You understand? When you're one of these guys who are lead, who make like fucking a hundred K a month, there's something like that. Yo, take it online surveys. I'm gonna put it in trash for our started as user-fet. I used to have a mother fucking music studios. Because I do so I make beats and all this other shit. I would sell beats to artists or pay me for studio time. And there was this artist I was working with. She was a singer. She was looking for a mom. She just needed money. The gas money to come from Brooklyn to Queens to get the studio. But she didn't want to get a job. I was like, listen, just start doing surveys. So I showed her the Amazon M-Tirk is called. You can pay like between six and $12 an hour filling out surveys. In the gay work, they ask money and a little walking around money. So she can pursue her art. You know what I'm saying? A lot of you monthly broke. You ain't got no money like you. You could do this shit today. Amazon M-Tirk doesn't. The few other ones where you can start making money like today. For you real broke boy. I print on the man. I'm gonna put, this is just okay. The reason I would put in trash had it not be from the story about the tell you. When the homie splashed man, he was like 16. He's always coming on videos and he came to one of our events in Toronto. That's kind of like menswear to him. And he started to print on the man company. Print on the man is you come over to your own logos or something and you put them on one of these sites like Printful or something. And then you set up your own website through Shopify, whatever. And you run traffic there. Somebody buys like a T-shirt or something. They print up one shirt and mail it to that person and you keep the difference. Whatever you market up for. So if they're doing it for like fucking $5 a shirt, you can set a shit for 15, maybe you would make some money. I told Splashman, like you 16 men want to do this. He had somebody coming up with images of like NBA players like you know, drawings and shit of NBA players. He would set a shit on the pre-fost it. What he did was he started. He got shoutouts. He made for shoutouts from being Instagram pages and NBA Instagram pages and they was in traffic to it, right? And he started to get make it some sales. And I was like, alright, good job Splashman. Now what we're going to do is you got a little run ass. So I'll talk him out of run ass with and he did what's called retargeted. So it's basically people who go to the page and don't buy, they get ads immediately. Well, I was a dash of a super profitable. And then I was like, there was he had enough buyers. I started right now we're going to take that list of buyers. So we're going to market them other shit on the page. And that was super profitable. And he had more buyers. And then I told him I take that audience and told him, look at like audience. So he started going for cold traffic. He started doing that. And I said, right now we need email marketing and the sentiment of a club, you know, all that shit. He was 16 making $10,000 a month. You're saying that after my two to the least. But that's why I put it there. For most of y'all, y'all don't have me fucking guiding you through the shit. You don't have a fucking online marketing expert guiding you through all the shit. So most of y'all are going to fill me. No money. There was another guy I worked with. What he did was it was seasonal, right? So he would come out with body building, being Christmas shirts and tank tops, right? So it would be like a rip Santa Claus. He would do that and he would get fucking body building pages to shout his shit out. Same fucking play. And when December he made $100,000 doing that shit. And now he does it. But every holiday. So a four-for-je-ly it would be like, scroll, slow, or hand-linking or some shit. Right, you know, I have a certain Abraham link in with some fucking looking all rip. He's still making good money doing it. He does it full time. All right, as we have a virtual assistant. Virtual assistant is good or baller. I'm gonna put this good virtual assistant basically. You're just somebody's assistant virtually. Do like tasks for them. If you set up your own agency, you'll be baller. I know somebody who's set up their own virtual assistant agency and they're baller, right? If you're gonna do freelance, it's just good, right? You can get clients from a work or one of those kind of sites. I'm gonna move only hope. I'm the only fan's management to a baller because that do we, we are making a lot of money doing this? Say, if you can come up with some software, like software as a service, if you can come up with some software, it's probably the most baller shit. Fucking click funnels. It's a software as a service, right? They're selling the software. They make money because you can fucking multiply that shit at scale. It doesn't cost you more to get more customers. It's the best business where it's the hardest business to get in. You gotta be super smart. You gotta get developers in a super competitive. Like the smartest, some of the smartest people in the world are working in sales industries, right? Like Google's a software as a service. Now I know people do it on a smaller scale who make work a money and you can figure it out. You can be, these are like billionaires. This is like the NASDAQ 500, right? But you don't have to do it on that scale. You still, I know people who have, you know, I know a guy he started a software company. You just started it from his crib in New York and it built out. He worked at it for like five years, so the 400 million. Yeah, that's it. I think that's my list, right? Listen, here's the thing though. Still got to know about business. You still gotta know how to make shit happen, no matter what you choose, right? And I got a video around here somewhere to show you exactly how to do that. All right, don't check that out now.

=== FILE: 3 Hacks to Get Ripped FAST for Summer [MnQJ--vbVkU].txt ===

Some are fast approaching and some of you guys are fadish You gonna be swimming at the pool at a beach with your goddamn shirt on on cuz you don't want people to see them titties You got let's fix that today in this video. I will break down three best ways to get ripped this summer How ripped you get would depend on how fat you are right now? Right if you were a big whale M- you may not get ripped by summer, but you can definitely lose a ton of weight between now and some And that's gonna be great for you, but if you are just like a little fat 10-20 pounds of fat and you want to get Ready this is the best video you're ever gonna watch on a subject if you follow these steps I promise you you will get ripped this summer and the last one is the most important one Make sure you watch this video if you can watch a video about getting ripped and you you are destined to just be a fat boy Indefinitely and so you'll get worse as you get older and order you're gonna get fat or a fatter And then you have to find another big fat motherf*** mate with you then you're gonna have kids with each other and they gonna have childhood or be city Kids gonna make fun of them because they fat then parent teacher conference You and your fat ass wife gonna show up there and the kids gonna get made fun of because they got fat parents Man don't let that happen to you. I go to my son school kids want to touch my muscles and I say no I'm not Drake the first thing we need to do is you have to do the one thing that most people want to I hear My god, I've been trying to lose weight. I've been trying to get in shape nothing works I've tried everything no nigga you ain't did the one thing that will work You have to start tracking your calories. You have to track your calories in your macros this You're a work. I don't care if you're fucking paleo Vegan carnivore whatever is still calories in calories out the loose fat you have to burn more calories in you consume We need to track how many calories you're consuming now I'm sure you exactly how to do that but first I want to show you this study. It was done by a two-cune diversity and what they did was They had a bunch of fat boys track their calories for three months They didn't give them no diet. They didn't tell them to do my fucking snake diet kid All die nothing. They didn't even tell them to be in chlorodepsy. They gave them zero plan no instructions to say hey badass Just fucking track what you eat instead of putting everything in your mouth like a whore What you've been doing your whole life at boy guess what after three months on average? They lost five pounds, right? Some lost more of said But on average was about five pounds now five pounds for three months if that was one of my clients I'd be disgusted with them or like motherfuck you ain't even trying because it doesn't sound that impressive until you remember They did not give them any fucking instructions. They had no plan all they had to do was track their calories If you want to improve at anything all you have to do is start tracking and what happens is people will become more mindful of what they eat And they start to actually see how many calories there in each day by girlfriend You started tracking their calories and she couldn't believe how many calories she was getting each day I've seen this with tons of clients. They have no idea how many calories they're getting each day They think they're eating healthy. Oh, you'd healthy. Oh, you'd good. I eat this And then when we start actually tracking they're eating way more calories than anything they are You have to start tracking for every pound of fat you want to lose you have to burn 3500 calories. Let's put that in perspective if you were to burn an extra 500 calories per day or seven days or week into the seven days that's gonna equal 3500 you can lose a pound of fat a week And you can take that up right if you put yourself in a thousand calorie deficit every day Which is not extreme your burn two pounds right two pounds of fat per week is like normal Totally fine is normal right you have to burn seven thousand calories in order to do that if you're not tracking You have no idea what you're doing so we need to start tracking both the calories We can soon and we want to get an estimate of how many calories in a burning the way we get the estimate of how many calories Reburned is we have to wear we wear some sort of fitness tracker. I used the ordering the track Like how many calories I burn is they my total calorie expenditure per day You could also do it with apple watch it bit They're fine devices right now and not 100% accurate But it will give us a good estimate and then when you start tracking it what you want to do is You want to start tracking your calories and what I do is I use a spreadsheet Okay, so how many calories should you get each that take your body weight in pounds? Multiply that by 10 that's it's aggressive But that's how many calories should you get don't go over that so let's say you wait 200 pounds Oh, you trying to get ripped. Oh, all right, so we're gonna get 2,000 Pounds per day 2,000 pounds per day. No, that's prop That's that's probably enough to get you in the deficit right there But we're gonna take it up and not just later when I give you some more tips now how many calories you gonna burn It would not we're not even gonna get to crazy aggressive right we're gonna say 3,000 Which is not like insane you know let's say let's say less let's say you were lazy My fuck you right and you can if you have an apple watch This this data was showing your health app if you have the womb is gonna show up in the womb But I just total calories per day not just calories where you working out. This is very important Total calories you gotta wear it 24 hours a day. I never take my ring off I wear when I'm working out I wear it and we're in a gym I wear it and playing I wear when I'm having sex So it's always on we run a 500 calorie deficit each day right boom 35 hundred calories We should lose a pound of fat per week with that now you can alter this I change in the variables All right, we're gonna talk about how you can burn more calories per day later on in this But this is the baseline and the point thing is you track it, right? So I have a spreadsheet like this It's called the victory vision planted the link is in description or you can plant like all your goals And there's a habit tracking there and in the habit tracker section is a place where you can put your calories that you burn each day That's step one tracking your calories each day then two is we go and increase the cardio before I get into the Options the cardio is it's important you want to stand day cardio alone is not enough The diet is more important than the cardio. I've helped people lose weight without doing any cardio We just kept their calories low enough. However you're trying to get as ripped as possible by summer So we're gonna actually increase the cardio and make sure this happens right now you have some options If you don't have a lot of time you can do what's called high intensity interval training or hit cardio You do sure workouts 15 20 minutes Maybe even less their interval so you go you go you go you go super hard for for 30 seconds to a minute Rest for 30 seconds to a minute not rest but then you go you light work for 30 seconds of a minute if you want to know some good Options on hit cardio workouts you check my YouTube just so brand-acarter hit cardio right matter fact you should try this I challenge all of you guys to do this so this is this is this one right here This is a four minute workout, but it's so difficult is me and whiteboard brown We did this week that year we got this week we came up this workout because we both trainers and this someone's But look at look at look what we're doing by the end look at his body in Is it over we're fucking dying I can probably do it now because I'm more Train but this is so difficult this the most difficult exercise workout I've ever seen Try that when if you only got four minutes or you I have other 15 minute workouts 25 minute workouts Tons of them and they are like millions of views people love the beauty of hit cardio is even though it's a short duration of Training you start burning more calories after it because your heart rate is elevated So you burn calories even after the workout now I stop doing this as much because now I'm old I was 32 when I made that video right now I'm 42 and the joint's ain't the same Father the time is undefeated so now I do slow cardio so what I do is I just get on I like to Lip the cool machine the exercise bike I have several of those in house or or just walking But the cool thing about slower cardio is I can do it for longer and I can do other Shit while I'm doing it so I have a few desk bikes in the crib so it was a bike with a desk attack Stood I can work while I'm at the desk bike or die While I'm on the die I could actually be doing like slow cardio while I'm working so I can do other if you doing a hit cardio You're only doing a cardio that's where the trade-off is the reason I like slow cardio Because I can do it throughout the day and I can do it for long periods of time and I can burn more calories throughout the days You want to make sure you're burning more total calories without the day not just when you're working out or not when you're in the gym The reason why you want to do something called not exercise activity thermogenesis But when I'm cutting I'm always looking for additional ways to burn more calories without the death Whether it's walking more taking the stairs instead of the elevator if you're parking somewhere Get a parking spot this far get some extra steps in go before walk with your kids you can walk your dog You can walk your girlfriend you just always want to look for more ways to burn calories without the day the death bike is a cheat code for me Because I have a death bike I'm able to burn when I'm really focused on cutting I burn between 354,000 calories total per day That's because it's like hours of slowly pedaling right while I'm working while I'm doing other shit Especially if you sit down on day this is very important is something that will help you if you don't want to do any that just walk Go for walks go for a 30 minute hour walks a few times a day walking is great exercise Because you burn more calories, but it also you also will retain more muscle because You're not burning off glycogen in that really working the muscles a lot, right? So you want to aim for every day at least 20 k steps if you're serious about getting really rid Right you probably won't need to do additional cardio throughout that you can but 20 k steps per day It's fantastic now let let let's put that into the stop being a fat ass Let's say we're burning like way more calories Let's say we step in this up right we burn extra thousand calories based off what I just told you before Which is not unreasonable it's not crazy but the key to burning this many calories is not trying to do it all in one session You want to use not exercise activity thermogenesis mean you want to burn these calories throughout the day So what you're doing in other shit just think everything you're doing thing how can I burn more calories in one Is you play with your kids get active with them start running around with the kids I'm just sitting down on the bench like the fat dead If you would you grow for you do some shit we all got to walk and we're taking a two-anemusement park Take it to a museum where you all got to walk around right don't just go to the movies at the dinner Go somewhere where you have to be active right and see if you all have a sex man don't let her get on top You can do it cardio in her vagina You're not gonna burn enough to really take it to to to that level in one cardio session for example the average person only burns 100 calories if they run a mile right a hundred calories is nothing mess like a banana Handful and the a handful of nuts is more than hundred calories You gotta get tons of cardio throughout the day and only way to do that is to bake it into your lifestyle So you're burning more calories all day long now look at this. It's got burns the extra thousand calories Oh and extra thousand calories the top of the knees are already doing now He's burning that's like it's like three pounds of fat right as per week It's not crazy that step three is you want to keep as much muscle as possible right you don't want to lose muscle where you're doing this there's a few things you need to do to make sure you retain as much muscle as possible Number one you have to lift heavy honestly when I when I'm cutting I might take my reps down to like six or eight And I live heavy right so it should be impossible for me to do more than eight and that's gonna encourage you by Be to retain more muscle because you're showing it that it needs it is you're using it It's kind of contrary to a lot of advice you'll hear if this is your first year working out You will be able to build muscle during the cut but only if it's your first year working out after that If you've been training for more than a year like for real this is not muscle build in time All right, I have a whole another video on how to build muscle and burn fat Some things lean watch that video for more insight, but if you've been training for longer than a year You're not gonna build muscle this time. It's okay. We're not trying to build muscle right now We're trying to retain as much as possible Everybody loses some muscle on a cut. We want to just mitigate that as much as possible Fair first thing we have to live heavy the next thing we need to do is work as Difficult going to get one gram of protein per pound of body weight. I know that you know There's lots of studies saying that you don't need that much protein You only need about set 0.7 or 0.8 grams of protein per pound of body weight I believe all this if I'm not trying to say that's not real And I am saying is that those studies were done by fucking scientists and they were done in Perfect conditions. They had to add the conditions perfect for it to be accurate no matter how Accurally you're tracking it won't be as 100% accurate for us because the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20% in any directions So if you're eating some indices 10 grams of protein because of the at the A allows labels to be 20% wrong It might only be a grams of protein might be 12. You don't know. So we want to air on the side of caution to make up for the Potential 20% that the labels may be wrong. I'd rather you have more protein you need than not enough because if you don't get enough You will lose more muscle you don't live in the same laboratory conditions that those studies were made in We live in the fucking real world not a fucking lab, all right, so we want to live heavy one gram protein Per pound of body weight if you do that you should be able to retain a Significant amount of muscle and you're going to get ripped you're going to rip this head that's going to be more difficult than you normal Because you gotta keep your calories so low, so you're going to be eating high protein I like to do the ketogenic diet. You don't have to do keto, but one of the reasons we might find keto effective here is because There's three macro nutrients carbohydrates protein and fat we got to keep the protein high in order to keep the Calories low we have to either cut the fat or the carbohydrates or a combination of them the reason You might want to consider cutting the carbohydrates some people cut the fat whatever problem with cutting the fat is It makes the food gross, right imagine you in a potato you can't put butter on it Or you got to eat pasta with no sauce fucking gross the flavor comes from the fat is this might be personal thing It tastes better also fat is more satiated Meaning you will be less hungry if you consume more fat however Carbs actually spike the hunger hormone Gralent and leptin, right? So they are addictive specially simple carbohydrates like sugars every studies that show it sugar can be as addictive as Certain class they narcotics you could eat the carbs, but now you got a fight cravings if you're Fat is high and you're protein is high It's known to low hunger and the studies that show that people who follow the ketogenic diet It actually blunts hunger. You can do it every one. It's just a suggestion You don't need carbohydrates to live you do need fat and protein live. There's a central amino acids which are protein Essential fatty acids which are fats is no such thing as a central carbohydrate. It's not a thing I still eat vegetables like green leafy vegetables In each kale broccoli should of that nature and that way I still get the fiber as well All right, so now I'm getting fiber which is also filling and I'm getting fat which is filling is just a suggestion All right, you can do it every one. I've seen people get ripped in tons of carbohydrates and keeping the fat low You got to cut one of them. Here's the bonus tip no cheap meals during this time I'm not saying this because the cheat meals will negatively affect your process your your progress It's what you do with visually the count so if you fall off once it's not a big deal It is a big deal because it might not be just once after a cheat meal We've all had this have you noticed that you crave the foods that you cheated with the next day because You probably cheated with the shit you love the most the most tasty foods Right, and it spikes dopamine and now your body wants it the next day however If you were just stayed a path you did use it and all those cravings go away I noticed this when I had my last cheat meal in 2023 I just noticed for the like almost a week after that I was fighting cravings and I had to use discipline not to cheat again But after a while those those cravings went away I don't need discipline to stick to my diet anymore It's just because apps than this is easier than moderation this actually goes for anything you're trying to which staying from Apps than this is easier than moderation So if you just fully abstain from it after a while you the cravings go away I'm telling you this makes it so much easier I used to be a big proponent of cheat meals. I used to do a big cheat meal every week I've had epic ones I've had videos about it This is a new thing I discovered when I quit smoking cigarettes cold turkey lost a craving But drinking alcohol like 10 years ago cold turkey I had no cravings I can be around people they're drinking But you have to get there if I was had drinking every once a while, I would still have the cravings You also had to remember the contrast you never you never go somewhere as real hot and then you go into the air condition And then it's like fucking cold and you can use to the coldness of the air condition in this normal Then you go back outside it's like it's almost hotter And if you would stay in the heat you would acclimate it to it and it'd be okay, but the contrast made it seem worse That's what happens when you have a cheat meal you eat this delicious food that you go back to the shit you were eating before to get rich It's gonna be worse for you if it was with anything If you get fucking drunk you're trying to quit drinking you get fucking drunk one night and you have to go out I'm not gonna drink again. It's gonna seem less fun than when you were drinking because of the contrast You trick your brain into not liking it anymore It was like I'm going to a heat game tonight. I'm a sick Court side what do you think is gonna be like if I have to It's the next game I go to I'm in the fucking stands But if I was in the stands before or that I go to the fucking Court side is gonna be better right the master problem with cheat days It makes it more difficult for you to stay consistent. Hey, let's say you get in gray shape And you want to start helping other people get in the shape a lot of people do that That's why one of the reasons I started training I have a free ebook called the tank and madness of online training And it's show you how you could start your own online fitness business Even if you don't have a big following even if you're not certified even if you don't have a lot of experience Click the link in the description you can get it and it will give you the game on how to grow your online fitness business And if you follow all the steps in this you can have a good before and after and you can use that as marketing to get your first clients This way you can get ripped and you can turn into a business I think you'll be more motivated to stick to the plan if you know you'll be able to make money off of it That sounds interesting you've download the free ebook tanking members of all my training it give you the whole game on how to be all not training all right

=== FILE: 3 Secrets of DISCIPLINE [How to Master Self Control] [mP-KieD5rb4].txt ===

This week's Book of the Week is a book called Will Power, Discovery, greatest human strength. New York Times, Best Seller, Fantastic Book. I want to break down some of the key takeaways from this book. If you want to check it out yourself, I'll put the link in the description. You can go fuck with it. Alright, now here's why this book is important. This book is about how to build more Will Power, sending them for Will Power is disciplined. And building discipline is super important if you want to accomplish anything like everything is going to take discipline for you to accomplish. Alright, and the book outlines three components to Will Power or discipline. That are critical. And my duty is to book was written by psychologists, psychiatrists, you know, people, experts in the field. One of the first things he's talking about is something called Eagle Depletion. He didn't mean Eagle like kind of eat West Eagle. The way he uses Eagle is it's some scientific shit. If I was him, I'd have picked a different thing because it's confusing. But he's talking about how Will Power is more of a of a finite resource. What happens is according to the book and according to studies is the more you use Will Power, the less of you have. So you almost like you want to think of Will Power like you got a bucket of Will Power each day. And the more of this shit you use, the less of it you have. For example, there's some studies that actually corroborate this. I control the impulses or behavior, leaves the person depleted, unless able to engage in subsequent rounds of regulation. I'm not going to read this shit to you. You can read it at your own. Fucking nerds or you can just listen to me. It has a meta now. This is multiple different studies, right? Take away is don't waste your willpower on bullshit. And this is different than how most people talk about discipline. Like I hear these fucking asshole say dump shit like how you do everything. Is how you do anything. But in my experience, that's not been the case. In fact, some of the richest, most successful people I know were fucking that is shit. And some of the most fit people I know suck at almost all the areas of life. I know a lot of fit people. In fact, I coach fitness coaches, right? I've been in the fitness industry for 25 years. A lot of them have no redeeming qualities outside of their physique. How you do anything is not how you do everything. In fact, the data shows if you try to do everything perfect, you're less likely to do anything perfect. For example, I'm super rich, successful, great shape, and handsome. However, I'm bad at a lot of things. I'm super messy, right? You see my handwriting. How you did everything is how you do everything. I'd be homeless, right? Shit wouldn't work at all. If I spend a lot of effort in just trying to get better at handwriting, any other skill I'm trying to improve at, I will diminish my rate of success in that endeavor. A lot of times when you are on a CP people trying to get really good at multiple things simultaneously, they always always fail, right? It is one reason. If you're trying to break this, but a bunch of fucking habits simultaneously. Or build a bunch of new habits simultaneously, you're making it more difficult than any of them done. What you want to do is one at a time. You get one fucking habit done. And then you work on the next one. Once it's a habit, when you're trying to get good at something, for example, if I wanted to improve my health, I would do that first before I started trying to improve every area. Honestly, I really would. Because the way to brain works, when you do something new, originally a brain that uses a lot of energy, right? And it's difficult. In fact, these studies are kind of showed at it, right? Because you're going to have to restrict yourself from doing things you want to do. You're going to control your impulses. You're going to exert a lot of discipline. However, once you've done it over and over again, the activity moves to a different part of your brain, called the basal ganglia. This is where your habits are. And once your habits are in your basal ganglia, it uses way less of your brain's energy. Magnum state, your brain uses a tremendous amount of energy. Your brain is about 5% of your total body mass. Your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest. So when you're working hard to do something, it's going to be used to be a really more energy. Right? When you get that habit up in your base, you ganglia. Then it'll take you as much energy. Right? That a problem is you've been doing pitch habits for man loss. You got pitch habits in your basal ganglia. You have basal ganglia bitch now. That's the worst guy a bitch. If you ask me, then basal ganglia, pitch habits, and the man habits is art to break. Right? So you break one at a time. And then you start building good habits. Don't try to do everything at once. You pick one or two, right? Get that in your basal ganglia. Then you're going to be a basal ganglia. Then you can move on to the next thing. Right? So when people say, man, yo, they seem to be tracking my macros or taking the scale with me. So the restaurant's awesome. The poppy state. Eat more fucking expensive, waggley shit. With my food scale at the restaurant. And it was just habit for me. Like it wasn't a single deputy man. I took a lot of this line. I don't really take this with no more to sell my basal ganglia. You know what I'm saying? I'm in the basal gang. Yes, it's so easy. Another thing that can deplete your discipline is what they call the decision fatigue. I could work on improving my hair, right? But again, eat all the pleasions. The decision fatigue explains why people often make impulsive decisions when they're tired or when they're stressed. So there's a studies that show that making choices actually reduces self control. It reduces physical stamina and press or beer. So here's some studies. What they would do is make choices and pay ourselves to quit self control. If you're making decisions all that in this study, what they had to participate with the do is they had to make a bunch of different decisions. Then they tested their self control some kind of way. And after making a bunch of decisions, it was more difficult for those people to have self control were wheel power. This is why you'll see a lot of high level entrepreneurs wear the same thing every day. Or you hear about people eating the same thing every day. Because they know that the more decisions they make, the worse their self control would be. This is super important. So Steve Jobs wore the same shit every day. The sucker burgers always wearing the same shit unless he's got to go to court. So the Congress of some courts shit. You know, unless I'm going out to like an event, I usually wear the same shit most of it. Like I wear I have a bunch of these shirts. Some movement pants. I wear that shit almost every day unless I got to do something where I got to be presentable. And I have my girl make me the same breakfast every day. I have her pick. Like she just orders the dinner and it gets to full. I just wake up in this here. You know, I know you got some of you guys are like wait a minute. You got a woman who knows what she wants to eat. I know. I know. I know. See the unicorn. Like trying to get a fucking bitch to pick what she wants to eat is some of them. And like trying to get a child. The lead of play. You know what I'm saying? It's the same shit. But she can actually pick what she wants to eat. Man, it's amazing. So I just wake up in food is here. Like right, this dinner for me right outside. I saw it. I didn't have to think about it. And it's a bunch of shit, right? Sometimes neem or when he's editing the videos we'll talk about we want to get some done. And he'll start giving me options about how to look. Oh, I don't want to know how you eat it. I just wanted to get done, man. You figure out how to do it. I don't care what has to happen. I don't care if you've got to die. It's my fucking worst get started, man. As long as the video is done by Friday. I don't even want to hear about it. Those are your decisions, bro. I don't let people get me the decisions. Because it impacts your ability to exert yourself control according to the data, right? So in order to do that, which you want to do is you want to build routines right? They eliminate decisions and or make the decisions in advance. So for example, fucking I plan out every hour every day. But I don't do that as I'm doing it, right? My skin was mostly planned out weeks in advance. So then I just have to do what's next. What I see on the calendar, the count, I'll just follow an orders. Follow on the game plan. I don't have to make decisions about what to do or how it should be done. The game plan has already been set in advance, right? And because I don't use any of my willpower on making the decision of what to do, I can use all my mental strength and I'll have more willpower to actually do the thing to execute the plan if the plan was made in advance. And then the third part you mentioned is glucose regulation, which is weird, right? Glucose regulation. What does that mean? Basically in the book they talked about the importance of glucose in maintaining willpower, right? So he said that our brains need glucose to function properly. And when levels are low self control can suffer. And you see this, right? If you see somebody getting angry, what that really means is, they got less glucose. So when they might have not fucking spares that your bitch is, what's talking crazy, now they hang resetting on it fucking so crazy. What it would have been cool about something, they have less control. That's why they start to spares. That's why when I first started dating my girl, I used to keep a little girl for it. You know, I look at the sneakers, I see you're getting angry, like, hey, baby. What do you want to do? I'm just saying, I do the same shit from my son, man. I, you know, walking around and I got mad snacks. And here's a study I'm about to show, but it shows that self control, self control failures are more likely when glucose is low, or cannot be normalized in the brain. Right? Here's the study, read this shit on your own time, you fucking nerd, or you can just trust me, you know, because I'll read, so just take my word for it, I just want to show you, I can just show you motherfuckers anything. Because you ain't gonna backcheck this shit, but if you do, you will realize I'm right. Anyway, there's the thing, too much glucose is a problem too. Your glucose levels go above 110, your pancreas was to create a hormone called insulin. An insulin's job is to flush out glucose from your body so you don't die. All right, people who have type 1 diabetes, they don't produce their own insulin, so they have to inject it so they stay alive, right? Insulin will just flush all your glucose out right? So now, even after a glucose spike, because the insulin spike had been after you might fuck around and have less glucose after it, this is why some people get theitis, food coma, and this glucose levels went too high and it calls the insulin spike, right? So you really want to regulate glucose, right? I read a book recently called the glucose revolution that talks about this a lot. Now, I do the ketogenic diet, and I'm not saying you've got to go keto. You could just monitor your glucose levels, right? So they'll put their regulate glucose levels. They can't go too high and they can't get too low, because they go too high, they'll end up being too low, because they're insulin. All right, so one thing you can do to regulate glucose levels is to bring, you know, little snacks, man. Have little snacks on you. I don't go nowhere without some keto snacks, homing or protein shake. I keep growth for snacks from a girl. Baby snacks from my son, you said, and you got to do it for yourself too. You need to have fuel, assistant fuel. But you also don't want the spikes to go too high, and something you can do for that is one is eating salad before you eat a big meal, right? That's one thing you could do to sub that about that they regulate glucose levels, consume and cinnamon before a big meal. So I have cinnamon pills, you know, so such a cinnamon well. Or it's end or taking a walk right after a meal, like a 20 minute walk that it dramatically improves glucose levels. Now you may be thinking, Brandon, you're on a ketogenic diet. You don't get no glucose. I get some, but you're right. I once wore glucose, moderate or for a month. I continue with glucose, my little mom, to manage my glucose levels, to give more data, right? And then the app that was connected to it, every day it thought I was fast and because my glucose levels were so low. Even though my glucose levels super low, I still had a lot of discipline, I still had a lot of energy. It raises because in the absence of glucose, and your body is going to come circumverting fat in something called ketones. And that'll be the new fuel that your body will run off. As a result, you're typically able to deal with fasting or not having to fool the little better because of the regulation. A lot of people say that they have way more energy and they think way clearer because the glucose levels are more stable. In fact, the app thought I was fast in every day. If you want to know more about that experiment, I did it. With the ketone was glucose monitor. And how it impacted my performance, it helped me make more money because I had more energy and more willpower. I'm going to link to that video somewhere around here. Also, make sure you check out the book, Willpower. I've doubted super fast in the link in the description. You can click that right now. Thank you for watching.

=== FILE: 3 Steps that will turn you from a Loser to Baller [fLR-8Rcpzzs].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down how you can really start balling, how you can start making money, putting them money to work. So you can start flexing on a haters instead of on the hook. I see a lot of guys on the internet saying, I just say, you all my money. And I don't buy anything and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I just live poor and I'm like, bro, if you was going to live poor, why didn't you just be poor? Right? Like, why I put in all the hard work to make money just to live regular? You know what I'm saying? It's so stupid to me. Almost said the R work. But I don't want to get demonetized, man. You know, if you out here pretending to be poor, but you got money, it doesn't make no sense to me. You could have just been poor, skipped all the hard work and had more fun. Right? Instead of fucking working all hard to make money, you could have just been poor. I'm going to show you why you don't have to do that. Now, you may have to do it if a small amount of time with this methodology juke, but it is the way that I've been able and not only a mass, millions of dollars, but also I'm out here fucking flexing bro. You know what I'm saying? I'm flying around the planet first class, I've been on an object. I'm getting invited to Louis Vuitton events because I spent so much money there. I got $200,000 watches this shit. Thanks to shit. I know you're trying to live like a poor boy and I'm sure you're that. This is what you do. And now a lot of this, I'm going to be out of you. A lot of this, I learned when I was 19 when I read a book called Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiel Saki and when I'll rob you Rob was saying he said he had two daddy's. Right? He had a pole daddy, and he got his rich daddy. I already thought this was amazing because I grew up on the South Side Chicago. I was the only nigga I knew what it did. Right? So this is my forget two dads. I thought you was blowing my mind. Very, very. He had two dads and it wasn't like his dad's wearing a home sexual relationship. He had to do that he called his dad who was really like his boy's dad. But he was like a mentor or father figure. Then he had his biological dad was just his pole dad. Right? Now pole dad worked, right? Boom. Po-dad had a pole nigga job. And then he would get money earned income money. He made it working at his pole dad job. Right? You spend that income on shit. Right? Shit to live. Rich Dad was doing some other shit. He would work. I don't know what kind of emotional relationship he had. He had his profession. So we just don't draw him being regular. Right? But he would work. You would get the earned income. This is the income you make working. But he would spend that earned income on assets. Robby Rob described it where these were things that make money for you. So some people call their house a asset. But if you ain't written that bitch out like that wouldn't fit under Rob definition. Right? So I think I would call it a asset. But Rob wouldn't call it an asset because the car calls you money. He would call it a liability. So assets. Boom. And then he would spend the money on assets by shit. All types of shit. Man, everybody, man shit. All right. Now when I learned this shit, he said this is how his rich dady started balling. Right? Because what happens is the assets start to grow. Right? Boom. So I just get more assets over time because you keep putting that earned income. Yeah. And he starts getting more and more and more and more and more and more and more and then what? Then he can get more shit. And then like way more shit. Better shit. Shit you dream about, man. Where Pope did he kept doing this shit and he's stayed by a regular shit. And the problem is he could never stop doing this. Like rich daddy could stop doing this because now the assets make some much money and he could still buy the shit. Now the assets are working for him, man. Pope did. He never had no fucking assets. He just ain't shit. He never had no assets. Right? So he out here working. He can never stop working. And he still had regular shit. Never got no good shit. Never got no dope shit. It was just regular shit. So Rob seen this and he was like, oh fuck. This is the method, this is the methodology. So your boy, big brain and cutter did the same thing. And this is what this was like to just you do. Right? So you got me. You got me. You got key to over here. Can you do a working? Or I was working for years. Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work, to tell me not me work. I think that's all right. All my dick is working. Right? Yeah, I'm not here working. Yeah. I. So you got key to over here. He worked. I. This is how you see me. See me on YouTube. You see me, you know, you see me doing all my shit. Right? Boom. I had my earned income and I was using that to buy assets. And I was stockpiling assets. Boom. I was just kept doing it. Kept doing it. Got them. Madlaw. Right? As it. And then I got to the point where I can get dope shit. The money from the assets called passive income. So I was using my passive income to buy all the dope shit. And this is what I suggest you guys do, man. You guys got to work and work hard. And right? Your earned income. Use what things that you get you passive income. And when I say assets, we're talking stock market and real estate are really the main things or other businesses. Your business is still earned income. But if you invest in someone else's business, you don't have to do shit in the business. I didn't ask passive income. Right? Is it? So the way the way Rob broke it down, he had something he called the cash flow quadrant in it. First part you win employee. Next part you self-employed. Okay, so employees like you work you work in for someone else. Someone who self-employed is like a dentist who starts his own practice or a barber driver is self-employed. You work, but just do work for yourself. Meaning you create your own job. Right? Here you own a job or you are a... Right? Then you can start your own business. And the way Rob is said business was different than being self-employed is you create jobs. Meaning the other people are working for you. And then the I is investor. Right? Or you own investment. Is it different here, right? When you have a job. Yeah, so it's basically like you have a job. Boom. Now you own a job or you are a job, right? If you create jobs and there's more leverage in each one of these things, it depends. Right? Being having your own business or being self-employed is not for everybody. If you're going to get a good job, the pays a lot. And you like it. Like this is the easiest thing. I'm a biologist. You a lot of these motherfucking entrepreneur, internet motherfucking school, that having a job is whack, listen bro. I have a bunch of employees. All right, I'm over here, right? Every day I think about quitting. Not now, but there was a time when I would just dream about fucking quit and this shit, you know, because it's like a lot of responsibility. As a leader, leadership is difficult. This is on her, gets pay most because he's taking the most risk. Do it's time to men. I remember where I had to pay my employees. And I didn't pay myself. You're working for free. Or some months. I would have to go into my savings to keep the business of flow in the beginning. I'm paying to work. Everybody ain't built for that shit. And even that, man, there'll be some months. And I'm doing a lot of investment in the business that I'll pay like some employees. Gordon, I pay myself. There's been years where I had to put more money in the business than I made, which means I pay to pay people. I paid to work. So all these motherfucking stuff you did. If you have a job, you broke, they trying to sell you something, right? You're saying, like, I'm saying that business is dope. Like there's the higher the risk, the higher the reward. No risk, it no biscuit. So if you can get a job, it pays a lot of money. You don't. You're probably making more money into one of these other co-ordinates. The most at the time. Unless you were like, you know, an MBA player or some shit, then yeah, this is where you want this is the best place to be. Or like a sales person. Like, you know, my sales people make hundreds of thousands of dollars each year. And they don't have to, another responsibility. No matter what, you got to get you income up because what you really want to do no matter which quadrants you are, you got to keep invested into this quadric. Put money in here because when you do that, then you have asset. Even if you have a regular as job, you want to have assets that actually produce income. How you do that in the stock market? Well, one is dividends, but what I do is I buy stocks. And we talked about this before. I have a video on them. I buy stocks and I sell cover calls against my positions and that gives me income. I wasn't using my earned income to buy it. That's fucking broboy shit. That's not broboy shit. You still got some bread. If you buy it in arms, right? No matter what, but it's stupid, right? I said, I use my earning comes bought stock. Where I didn't just buy the stock. I sold cash to cure puts to get into the positions. I made money when I bought it. And then when, and then if I got a signed and I ended up owning those stocks, I sold cover calls against them, right? And then the premiums I got for that, that was pretty much path to income. And I used the passive income from stock borrower, probably, to pay for this rich amount. But I didn't have to look what they had to stock, for some saying the assets are still there. So I can keep doing the shit. I could buy a few richard meals every year without having to spend more of my earned income because the assets made me the money, right? And now I'm investing in real estate as well. I got Section 8 real estate and that gives me money every month. So the goal is not to live broke. I go fucking nerve. Like a deweeb. And I want to use your earned income, right? And then invest that earned income in the assets. And then use the assets to buy dope shit. It's regular ass, robber, keel, stocky shit. I got it from him. I learned just when I was 19 from him and all his debts. And then I just applied that shit. And this is how you see me, you know, when I'm fucking designer shit, always got dope ass, time piece on me and my girlfriend all around, you know, doing dope shit. It's all passive income meaning my business is filled or my income stops for whatever reason, right? Boom. The assets is still making money. I can still support my lifestyle. And that's what you want to do. This how you don't have to live like these fucking bleeps who tell you, oh man, only poor people buy this shit. Only poor people just like that. It's just shut the fuck up, man. I used to work in the proud of store. I don't know if you'll notice. I used to be security guard and proud of store. Back when I was struggling. And I saw motherfucking billionaires going to proud of store buys. I saw Jack Dorsey morning once by shit. He knows that the rich people ain't buying this shit. Who the fuck is? That's the shit people say. Tell you, as a coping mechanism they use to mitigate the feelings of inferiority to experience when they see me get flexed on them. They gotta do something. Oh, he must be really poor. That's why I all that expensive shit. Yeah, that makes sense if you don't think about it. I'm really dumb. But it's not the truth. The truth is the real balls are doing it. Now you have some dummies. Make a lot of money and they're still doing this. That poor daddy shit. But they already income is so high. They still got money. The problem is that something happens to their business. Or we hit a recession or some bad shit happens. Then they're going to fall off. But if you follow Kiel Socky Shredging, you'll never fall off and you can fall off forever. Right? If you want to know more about the strategy I use. Right? I'm not going to sell you nothing. It's free. I got a video all about the cover call systems and they had to run the wheel and all the other shit. Go check it out. I'm not going to say nothing is nothing to buy. I'm not selling stock shit. I'm just trying to put you on. Don't want you all to succeed. You know, I beat the only black nigga in first class and I need y'all to be up there. Because they think I'm an athlete and I'm like, no, I don't play any sports. I just rarer his dad poor dad when I was 19 when they get that one here. You know, I need y'all in there. Wint me to break these stereotypes. I already. I got to be the one to break all the stereotypes. That's why I swim every time I go to vacation. That's the show we can do it. All right. You know what I'm saying? Man, I need y'all help. Come on, Nick. Let's go.

=== FILE: 3 Steps to Make Women CHASE YOU [GAME GOD GOLDIE] [oeBb7Xw7AD4].txt ===

Listen, this is right here changed my life when he came to women. Because I was always a type man. I'm gonna get a brawl. I'm gonna build a rub. You know, put a wig on a pig. I'm gonna then I got a realization. And I went from, I had more success in the next two years than I had in the previous decade when I heard this. How can a man start to level up himself? Not only just for the girl, just but so for his own kind. Man, fuck the broader, what I say first man, y'all be way too worried about the brawl. Man, listen, you know, Markle used to tell me, say listen. I ain't worried about the brawl. I'm worried about myself and she better keep up. Right, come on. That's tell your life should be. How does a dude like level level himself up, right? Number one, you gotta cut the vices. Cut the vices. Man, it's a removal process. It's not about adding a whole bunch of things on, like most people do when they want to get their life. You know, the man, you ain't been consistent in nothing in your life. You think you've been having this at this and just do it. Remove the vices, remove, stop doing all the things that are taking you back for yourself. Savitized to behave your first. Jimmy's in example the vices. Okay, you smoking weed. You drinking. You're going out on the weekends all the time. You know you ain't got your business right. You jacking off all the time. And you know you eating bag, you know, go drink or smoke. I don't drink or smoke. I ain't smoked in like eight years and I ain't drinking 10 years. And I jumped on and all the multiple times until I got to the vices. This is fucking stupid because every time I stop doing these things, my life immediately elevated. But okay, it's a removal process, right? Once you just remove the wrong things, you'll automatically elevate to baseline. Right. And once you're at baseline and you've developed some consistent habits, now you can start adding things. Energy will power and clarity is what it takes to be successful. Okay. And smoking weed, alcohol, you know, all that is extra dopamine. You get into all these things that's taken away your energy will power and clarity. And without these, you're going to be very hard to be successful. Because right. So now you need tools to enhance these things, right? So now you start working out. All right. Not just to get your body in your confidence, right? But you got to work out the racial frequency, right? Yeah. With your real frequencies, which you frequently see, Westlight to say that all the time. And literally when you're in the high frequency state, you see solutions to your properties. You see how it's going work when you're in a low and negative state, you see how it's not going work. You depressed about your life. So you got to work out to get your body right, to get your mind right. That's going to be a process, right? But they won. Yeah. You're building better. You're going to go to your best. Start feeling better. And you're doing, you know, you're supposed to be doing exactly. You start to like, yeah, they like daily. Those night bowls daily wins. And then you got to get it proper diet for two reasons. One, you eat in autumn carbs and all that bullshit. Not that process. And then you eat in way too many carbs. You're supposed to be eating. So now you got, now you got brain fault. Now you're unmotivating. Now you have a little energy. How can you be successful like that? How can you even feel good like that? Right? Discipline in what you put in your mouth is one of the hardest things to do in life. It's one of the biggest addicted human beings. So when you could begin to discipline what you put in your mouth, yes, what? Now you can comfort out where things. Because that's one of the hardest things. But if you can never do that, these those they talk about, I'm going to be a man. I'm a run-in-is business. You can't even deny yourself the desire of that Twinkie. But you think you're going to run this big multi-million dollar business with all these employees stopping. Not at all. The same control in where things can control outward things. So that's where I start. When cutting the vices is a removal process. Stop the self-sabotized behavior. Stop the back steps. Get to baseline. It's all working out. Start eating proper. Then come get with me. Get on my program. No, no, no. You're just a holiday to me. He does he does online culture. And he does game culture. I got a week to hold game calls. I got a game community. Oh, we got to leave this young Goldie on the score. Step one. Remove the vices. Yeah. You got to get your macro dot, your fat's protein's in cars. Man, if you don't know that, you guess it. He treats us to the choir over here. He's got right here. Oh, six hands. Got the cousin. No, no, no, no. Man, you know what it is. Look, be the third step for these nicks. The third step is a daily blueprint with your life. You have the first half clarity. There's just why you need to cut the vices, right? You have that clear on where you going. And then you have to have a daily blueprint of non-negotiables that you do every single day. And each one of these tasks is going to get you one step closer to your goal in the long run. You're going to say, so most people they wake up in a half-hazard way, they just do whatever they feel like doing. You're never going to be successful like that. And if you do, you're not going to be able to duplicate it because you don't know what you did. Right? You have to have a daily blueprint of line with your goal. So you can wake up and hit a certain amount of tasks that are all taking you to where you want to go. But most people don't know where they want to go because they never even sat down long enough to figure out what they want. They don't have the map down. And they don't have a map out. They got the game. Yeah. I've spent over $250,000 in mentorship to things like that. And across all boards on these high-level people making me $1,000 a month and so companies for $2,300,000, they all have some sort of blueprint. And you all have different methodologies. And so I structure my day like that. I know you all fire with chores. You are a high-level individual. But you're the way you were in line. Manic. Not it. I got to think you're brain about that later. But yeah. Yeah, you're definitely. What are some of the habits? Because you've seen the people implement to help them move forward. Or list the basics. Waking up early. Like early, when you say early, we would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. We would at least bore you. But you know, it's not just about because it's more time than the day because it's depending on when you go to sleep. It might not be. Self-inflicted diversity. We live in a time when we so soft you have to strategically do hard things to keep yourself strong. Don't lose it atrophy. And most people obviously do so so weak because we got to live such a plus life that you have to force hard. You're not against soft men. Soft and on muscle. So often this is disgusting out here. Just like what we're miscelled. And she's smelling on you. You do it too. You know what? You know what? People think that's all damn it. You so hard. Maybe you know how many women call bras. You try to take the out to dinner as hard as I talk. You know, because they really deep down a side. They let it start to sit. But anyway, one of the non-negnocals has to be cut the biases. People don't understand, man. Yeah, you may drink one day. But you lose two days. The day you drunk and the day after. That's a fun. And just extrapolate that to an entire year. How many days did you miss? And then if you're talking about compound interest, one of the eighths of the world, you're never going to get tapping to that compound interest. You have to mention the motivation that you don't have the third day. And now it's hard to get back in and route. So it's like you're doing so many things when you fuck up with the biases. So cut the biases. Yeah. Make sure you're going to work on a regular basis and hit your macros because that's all going to trip you to your energy, your clarity and your willpower. And it sounds like whatever their goals are, the habits need to be around whatever your other be. Let's just say you're trying to, I don't know, you're a sales person. Right? So guess what? Then every single day on your blueprint, you need to have something in that direction. And okay, how many co-stars do I need to make every single day? And that's one thing on your list. And so depending on what you're trying to do, you got to, it's very simple. But you know, most of us in the world, you look, everything is simple before it's hard. But guess what? Most of us weren't taught like that. Most of us were taught to just do whatever it went out every hour. Nobody was taught these things. So that's why I like to bring the information that I've learned from high level individuals and distill it down to people where I've got that information. That's the fact, you know, what I think we're going to do it all on my business business, right? I said up nine negotiables for them, right? Because we already know what it is. So they got to have 20 conversations with, like, potential clients per day new conversations. You're like, and batching most people still don't do that. But everyone who does it, we exact conversations lead to conversions. And you start getting them conversations and you'll get money. It's simple when you get the blueprint. For example, some people, when I'm coaching a little bit like, man, that's so difficult. And I'm like, I have to compare the what, right? Once a week, there's a lot of clean in the windows and these buildings, hey, motherfuckin hang it off the fucking side of the building. Like a Latino spider-man. Yeah, it's difficult. Yeah, yeah. You know, it's relative. It's relative. Yeah, typically they're talking to 20 people, you know? I say, I'd advise you know, everything is horrible for us. Easy. And that's why you need to get around high level individuals. Yeah. Every time I get around a high level individuals who have a lot more than me, it's because they're doing more than me. You sell to improv, somebody you think you're doing a lot. And to you get around a high level individuals like yourselves, like, West, like a lot of these 100 millionaires that I know. And you be like, I ain't doing shit. Yeah. Sometimes it's good to get that perspective, because then you make you step it up when you see people on a high level and working at up much harder than much more than everybody else. It changes the recalibrates. Your brain. You see my fucking shit. Yeah. It's like, oh fuck, I thought I was going on. You just most of you are just around a bunch of low level individuals. You don't really know it because you're low level. So, you know? Yeah, because it's like it's difficult to really, really feel in America. If you can't make it here, then you can't make it. No, if you use it some shit country with that bullshit, they may have it do be all fucking awesome. Yeah, man. Man, they still can't. Come on, y'all need to tap in. Yeah, man. Who's getting you game like this man? And he talking like this, because they live like this man, they want you to pay for the broad and you ain't a real man. Unless you pay for it, man. Listen, this is right here changed my life when he came to women. Because I was always a type man. I'ma get a broad, I'ma build a rub. You know, put a wig on a pig. I'ma then I got a realization. And I went from, I had more success in the next two years than I had in the previous decade. When I heard this, he said, you don't take ducks and teach them to fly. You find eagles and teach them to fly formations. Stop trying to get that low level broad and turn around to something, man. And so, when that change in my period, I'm applied to everything. I don't stop going for the low level broad. It's too much work. You know what I'm saying? They say, don't try to teach a pig to fly. It's impossible. And only irritates the pig. You try to log with that broad change. Never going to change. Start giving women on a different level. And it's easier to get a duck than it is to get eagle. But guess what? It's worth it. If you take the time and just look for the eagle, it's a min level up. And then maybe you'll be able to see if you want that broad to fuck with you. She got the feel like she getting over fuck with you. She got to feel like she can't, she can't, it ain't no, it ain't no. Women are going to do an eagle exchange. I'll fuck with somebody on my level and if she did, you don't want to be on that. That's how much farther ahead. You know, like, God's be asked me how to get girls out of your, I think men like the girl you want. Think about men. To who would you have to be for that girl to be excited to be with you, to change you real, right? Real. And focus on being that naked. Right? Because if you, if you were him, you wouldn't be asking me that. Why, why? See, be asking me that question about you. I can see you, because they too focused on a woman. So they're trying to be what these bras want. Right? So they end up becoming something that the bra don't even want. Because bras don't never tell you what they actually want. And I'm everything they would say a woman wouldn't want. Yet I have more women than most people. You hear you know what I'm saying? So if dudes just started liking themselves and knowing themselves that being a self still get a woman who actually liked them for them and they ain't got to put on it. And they're going to attract the one that they need. The truth is man, you can get anything you want if you deserve it. And if you get where a girl who may be out of your league, she'll treat you like you out of your league. That's like she's out of your league. That's a fact. But if you want to grow on, or maybe on whatever that, that same level, who's excited to be with you. And then it's not if you know it's all subjective. She's only out of your league because you treat her like she is because you feel like she is. But if you started having a different paradigm of what bad you is to you and you strip all her looks and everything and her pussy away from her has been bad you guess what? Now you're not coming to her like she more bad you would be because you understand okay looks okay that's something that face pussy that's free I can get there for anybody what is left. Okay she really has nothing. And if we go on apples and apples orange orange orange orange I make a certain amount of money I have this certain network I've been doing is I have a mine I have wisdom. That's way more valuable than her. And now you step into the situation with a different aura and she's going to respect that man in the game let me tell you and that's a blessing just being around the game is it was the ugliest dudes in the game that you would consider ugly that you would consider fat who had the most women it was never about looks in the game. A big tide building bag is right now isn't a wheelchair having multiple colons you know what I'm saying why because his game is mine because his confidence right so when you understand that you realize and you know I'm not saying what people say and they sure well you get your money right get this right get that right man how many dudes do you know who have and man's a dollar so still get treated like nothing by the women even or clear they have more more value if you don't feel like you got value it don't matter money is only one part of it exactly it's like you want to have money because you it makes life better the more complete war is the man right you know exactly get the money for yourself but not try to buy the bra but that's the most is you do I think they get people's messages because mr. strut they like okay get this money and then you're going to be able to have action no you get this money now you only seen as a trick and now you could buy I'm not buying no bra the amount how much money I got you know they always talk about okay man if you got all this money man she can't say nothing me the bra can't say nothing me if I was broke right the requirement some I respect isn't predicated on the money I got and if you predicated on the money you got if you if it took you to get some money to put some base in your boys man you not that dude you know I'm saying that she really don't respect you because you can't buy respect is that money gone you know she's not gonna respect you but women don't respect me before the money with me not giving her nothing then she can't fuck with me anyway but see most of these dudes they'll fuck with a woman and they're putting out their leading with their money so they never find out that that woman don't really like the next she only like the money because they led with them you didn't even give that woman a chance to like you you made her fall in love with your hand so now when you take the hand away she feels disappointed had you a lead with you but you know people give mad what a woman want you for your money what that's what you led with you should if you wanted to leave with your character then cheat all I show character women get mad all he only wants me for such you led with your sexuality what you lead with people the world from you yeah no that's a fact that kind of bitch you put out is it is going to determine the kind of fisher case exactly I mean people see that I look like this but this is a this is a tactic I don't talk about money with my woman at all I never bring up money I never try to stunt money I mean I'm a look like money because man that's just how I'm a cadupent you know I like to get chosen my mouth closed but I don't talk about money I don't leave with my money because you're teaching your woman what to value you teach you you know how dangerous it is to throw money in your woman face because you're teaching her to value money and it's always somebody with more money he's also with you by then so when you teach her that money is the most important thing you go in and face then it's always going to be a man that can take you from her let it teach your character rules value your style your swag your confidence all of these things your wisdom your intellect if you teach her that's what we value in his household then when she's seeing another man with money that's trying to get action at her yeah she's going to see him as just another goofy with money if he doesn't have these attributes that's why the woman's that fuck with me it's not about the money because I'm not giving her this I'm not giving her that we have a nice lifestyle because I am why I am but when we started it wasn't about that it's because of who I am she fell in love with the things that she likes about me yeah you're not feeling willing to leave with that and you just leave them with the bag to compensate for your lack of personality then it's always going to be you know it's in and you might have to be a coping mechanism maybe it's bad on a money because that's all they got even in this podcast we told money muscle or mindset three to quarter-stels right you're gonna get your money right for sure right you got to you know it's especially you got a family get some you can't hear bullshit with the money but you got to get your muscle ready to fight your body right then you got to have your mindset right you know what I'm saying if you have all those things together it's like how could she just like you put if she smart she's that everything about you if you mastered all three of those man I like that money muscle mindset and man come on man there's still those don't really got to stand man when you really got a mind don't you got to do it like you quick witty you could say some sweet fried point you know a woman loves a man that she could learn from that's a track I don't know what these those do on the standard if you could teach a woman and she could learn from you man that would they put you in line and I promise you ask for women we've been loving man they could learn from they could get some gain from it lacer up you teach us some things a man they never taught her man she would never go fuck with another man because you don't have the information that you don't feel find that valuable about your social only with I think my game is the most valuable thing about me so that's the first thing I try to show to a woman oh you know I'm display I lean on my game with a woman not my money another this we're gonna people find out more about young gode underscore on instagram game gode on youtube gode ratio dot com if you want to get all my product come on y'all need to y'all need to tap him man yeah who's it who's getting you game like this man and he talking like this because they live like this man they want you to pay for pay for the broadening you ain't a real man unless you pay for it man

=== FILE: 3 Stoic Habits That Will Make You Mentally UNSTOPPABLE [Fq7PAEcf3Sc].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna bring down some of the principles of stoicism that have helped me succeed in life and really just help me have a better quality life and more success. I've been studying stoicism in practice in it for 20 years ever since I read Meditations by Marcus Aurelius. One of the best books on stoicism is actually my buddy Ryan Holidays. Look, the obstacle is the way. I got a bunch of books on Ryan Holidays. And you know, he says them to me like before they come out just because they always he autographed before me, you know, he's not like the one you just buy, you know, you can just buy the autographed, no, this is too branded, right? That was for me. You can't get that guy soon. And you only got it. Pop it out of your street. Ryan has a lot of material on stoicism and you should check out his channel that Daily Stolic or better yet check out his books, especially obstacles ways. One of my favorite books at the world. I want to break down some of the principles of stoicism. The first one would be you have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this and you will find strength. That's the big home you Marcus Aurelius. Now Marcus Aurelius was emperor, not king, not president, emperor of Rome. When he wrote this he was the most powerful man in the world at the time. He just has to remind himself in the way that impacts me in my life. I see a lot of people tripping over shit, really getting upset about a lot of things, especially on a line or on real life. I know that I can't control most of these things, right? I have very little impact or over these things for there'll be a war somewhere in somebody who would be like free someone so how can you don't talk about free and so on and so or talk about this issue or that issue on Instagram. Oh, I don't think that international policy is dictated by my Instagram. I don't think Benjamin Nyan-yao is watching my Instagram page. I'm like, oh guys, come here. King Keto made it. I g-story about about what was happening in Palestine. We need to course correct. You know the reality, I don't think I have any control over it. So, it's not say I don't have empathy for people in situations or empathy for certain issues. But, you know, my criteria for what I give a lot of thought to is this effect me or my family, does it affect my income? Now the answer could be no for those things, they're not, but I still care to know I have to another question. Can I do something to change it? Can I have a real effect on it? If the answer is no, I'm probably not going to put a lot of thought into it because shit happens all the time all over the world, right? You know, the stuff happening in the Middle East, my whole life, you know what I'm saying, is always something and I can't care about everything that's happening everywhere because if I care about what's happening in Middle East, then I also got to care about what's happening doesn't happen to Villa Sweep. If I cared about what's happening in Vstanden, then I also got to care about what's happening at the border. If I care about what's happening in the border, I also got to care about all types of shit. And I don't think I can change those things. Timo Left I'm only one man. I can't change the whole world, but I can change my world. I can change the world of the people around me. I can change the world of the people and my family. The only I can is focus and only. You can only focus on one thing at a time. So if I'm out here focusing on all these other issues that don't affect me and I can't change them. It kind of seems like I might be wasting time and energy. Am I really helping anyone? In fact, you can make the argument that focusing on things that don't affect me and that I can't control, I might actually be hurting the people who do depend on me. What let's really the point. What you do get out of it is you get to pretend you're doing something. Right. Like back in the day when it was a fucking problem, people would be out process. Martin King was out here protested getting his ass beat every weekend. Or I see people out here is something really care about they're called and writing their congressmen, writing their senators. Or I see people care about some shit they enlist and go fight in the war. But you don't want to do that because that would take work. That would take risk. You repost some shit someone says and now you feel better about yourself and it gives you the feeling that you have a cop just on them but you've accomplished nothing. Right. Let's see what's actually really doing some the fact that. Right. But are you about to get mad about it? If you ain't going to get the fucking hands dirty and do some, get some money or get in the fight y'all man. All that tripping over it is kind of like bullshit. He is kind of bullshit and it more importantly is wasted effort because now you're not helping the cause and you're not helping your cause. You're not changing the world and you're not changing your world because your focus is the verdict on things that don't affect. So focus on what you can control. I don't know why this is controversial but people are going to mad and be saying put all your energy on things you can control. It doesn't say how controversial to me but I know that the comments are going to fucking pull the people for the turnout but those of you who are smart enough to understand put all your energy on things that you can control. It only put your focus there and guess what? You might not be changed the whole world but you can change your world and then who knows maybe you'll make a bunch of fucking money and then you can deploy those resources to as your goal man if you got a candidate like maybe you can give some money instead of fucking arguing with people on Instagram comments you know what I'm saying like it does a war that that you feel like is unjust maybe you can donate to some cause in that region that help those people out if you get some money but if you just send a rail being poor crying on the internet I don't know if you really help it anyone and you're certainly not helping yourself. Hey the next stored principle that have bound health external things are not the problem it's your assessment of them which you can erase right now meaning these outside circumstances that affect you these things outside of your control you don't have to spas out about them you can control like mine you look at it like it's just a sit the emac and make it hell out of heaven or heaven out of hell and this is really about not not letting outside circumstances affect your emotions as much. And it can be big things or it can be little things like people are ready to spas out about almost anything for example I've seen people fucking get pissed or hitting their car because they're in traffic like that's normal shit that's normal shit you don't have to spas out about that or the rain I think people can piss about the hours rain and there's a fuck they're all moving I'm like help me you live on earth and we had this thing called the climate and there's a precipitation like it's gonna it's gonna happen sometimes man you haven't made peace with that get as an adult you haven't made peace with the fact that it it rains pretty frequently on earth but I think people getting like letting it really affect their emotions you don't have to let things affect your emotions and the better you can get and not letting them affect your emotions the happy will be in the more successful you will be warm buffets it if you can't control your emotions you can't control money like he's never pretty well from so you know he's made some like 200 billion dollars I mean you can't live off it but it's a here's how you use markers really is cool like are some of things are the problem you are assessment of them right for example listening I met the plane station again I called it the plane station because I don't like the word airport I think it's a bullshit word and they gave it to us and you all just accepted it like shit you didn't even think about it oh bus station train station airport somebody wants to say oh man it's like a port like a seaport no no no a fucking plane station is not like a seaport dummy he doesn't say the lot of differences between it was in the air was on water and the fucking plane station really acts more like the bus station or the train station there's no fucking terminals at your seaport asshole there are terminals at the bus station there are terminals at the train station there's terminals at the plane station those fucking terminals at your seaport dummy so something like the plane station and you know my flight to get delayed and I seen people fucking spaz I'll start yelling at you guys even if you want to see people lose their fucking shit go to the plane station people can't fucking handle it but the way I reframe it so it doesn't affect me I change my assessment of it the way oh marking mark really is it so I look at it like an opportunity for me to practice controlling my emotion because how do you get good at something without practice let's say you want to be more patient let's say you want to be more emotional stable you have to practice that like anything else how can you get that without practice so if you reframe these things oh this is opportunity for me to practice that reframe makes it so it doesn't bother me as much but I also started looking at it as a positive it's like oh okay and if I can handle this then I can handle the next thing you know you're fliking the latest that gonna be the worst thing that ever happens to you so if you can't handle this imagine what some real shit happened imagine when people die if your spaz is an overdose right like everybody knows going die right all your fucking pets I'm going to die right like you know there's going to be real tragedies you like and if you spaz over it flight being delayed hour how you go handle the real shit my life is if I look back at it it's been a series of tragedies you know and every time I go through I think okay this is probably not going to be the last tragedy I encounter and it might not be the worst I reframe is I like okay this is training for the next tragedy so if the next one is not as bad as this then it'll be easy and comparison if I can handle it as well as the next one is worst than this then my ability to handle this will set me up we'll put me in a better position to handle the next tragedy which may be worse this is like a training tragedy a practice tragedy is how I look at it you know and when you when you reframe things like that it they make it easier to deal with but you can also kind of see them as a positive because everything I'm saying is true so instead of saying like why this happened and we like eight men maybe the why it happened to you is to get you ready for the next shit this will happen right because your friends and family and be honest you're not immortal and not immortal you know saying how you're going to deal with this you know businesses feel relationships in you can say in like the average person has nine relationships before the you marry right that means relationships have a 90% failure rate and then other people get married 50% of them get the worst so it's like almost all of them right and a hundred percent of the people you know are going to die 80% of businesses feel like this is going to be a lot of tragedy in life if you think about it like train okay this will be me better for that's how you do with the real shit if it's raining oh this made this away from me to practice emotion most ability because it might rain again sometime you're all earth you know and I might have to experience that again so if I can deal with it this time ever I'll be able to deal with that better alright the next stoke principle that's really certain me will was it never ceases to amaze me we all love ourselves more than other people but we care about their opinions more than we care about our own right how many things have you not done because you were scared of what somebody would think well because you were embarrassed like all embarrassment is this fear of what other people think you know you never embarrassed by it alone by yourself you only embarrassed because you need other people's opinions for you to be embarrassed or but think about that where do you proud of yourself for not the only that I don't know circumstances seriously where do you proud of yourself and that's what Marcus met it's like it's like it's like we care about others opinions more than we care about our own opinions so you fucking around you're not even proud you know you're not gonna be proud of you for yourself a bitching out pussyfoot and around this shit right but you're doing anyway because you care about what other people think you have to relinquish your attachment to external validation from other people if you if you open up your bibles to john five forty one thirty eight the big homie Jesus said your approval or disapproval means nothing to me which is like the hardest line you know a whole book if you ask me you get them saying like Jesus wasn't out here trying to impress you man he was doing his thing he was worried about what he had it's probably because he was so lit yeah here healing leperds walking on water turning water to wine at the function he said like you know he sold it he ain't tripping off what anyone thinks good or bit and I think that's a big part of it like if we're to walk in his image we got a not tripping about people's disapproval of us but we also can't be attached to their praise either you can I'm saying like it's good to have praise but if you start to rely on that that's just as bad as held in bondish about a disapproval you gotta do what you think is right what you believe is right and you gotta focus on making yourself proud and building yourself up and when you start to behave like that you stop caring so much of other people think it's like when you guys leave hate comments here you talk shit about me like if I see it it doesn't really bother me too much right because I'm that nigga you're saying like I'm like super rich I'm in better shape than almost everybody's especially almost everybody my age right we talked about other 42 year olds like I'm wouldn't be late like I I really like myself now you don't like me that's cool right but I like myself right I'm not getting money ball is shot call the flexing on haters standing on the holes you know my my girl got that is and big titties both both y'all here like man answer to some like then I don't live a life of scarcity I want to got both man don't don't place your arbitrary limitations on me brother that's your limited mind alright I want to got both in one chick I'll let you guys pick between ass and titties that's not the world I want to live in because I don't have to not anymore but I fuck with me I like me a big part of the reason why some of you guys are so attached to external validation is because you don't fuck with yourself like you don't have a good reason to fuck with yourself let me tell you why because to be that confident you have to give yourself a reason to be confident you should only look for your validation but you've got to give yourself a reason to be confident so when you have a breaking promise to yourself when you don't wish you didn't ask for to do when you play video game all day instead of working on your goals do you really feel good about yourself of course you don't feel good about yourself you don't you don't fucking trust yourself you don't like yourself when you do this you that doesn't build your confidence right when you sleep in or stay in a plate or stay or didn't fucking drunk in high all day right you don't feel good about yourself and you shouldn't like you know that shit is fucking whack you know you shouldn't be doing this shit but what you want your ground was you really moving towards your purpose then you start to love yourself you start to appreciate yourself you start to have more pride you can't bullshit yourself is to say oh I love myself I'm just going to beat I'm just this I'm just that like you can't bullshit yourself right you got to really give yourself a reason to be proud yourself give yourself a reason to love yourself and then once you do that another motherfucking start talking shit about you like oh yeah it's motherfucking don't even you know I forgive me he knows I what he do he don't know how dope I am he don't know it's okay yeah I never know all right then when you get to my level it's like oh these motherfucking ain't fit to judge me I am that nigga like these motherfucking are not qualified about to have an opinion on a motherfucking like me and I know that sounds arrogant but it's the truth and let me tell you man baller stink like that like motherfucking successful people think that that they they fame modesty they because it's it's more uh marketable to be modus you know we we all found out how Jordan really thought about himself and how he felt right but when he was in if he always an outside in the 90s or y'all wasn't alive in the 90s right but I was and he was every time he did interview super humble he was like oh yeah blah blah blah but we found out what he was on in real life you find that I thought about himself in real life you know I'm saying like motherfucking's our pretend to be but he should be earned that and then I'm just telling you when you built that kind of confidence it's like somebody else like crying because a girl left you or some it's like oh what's you been working on yourself and you're working on yourself every day and you become better every day imagine you that you would have grown for like six months or some and you'd be working on yourself that whole time too and as she leaves you you'll be excited about that right because six months of working on yourself you'll probably better now than you were when you got her so now you got opportunity to get some better right yeah to get a better chick because you've been because you've improved you should be in better shape you should have more money you should be more disciplined more focus right you should be able to get a better chick what she love right if you get fired from a job but you've been working on your skill this whole time you've been working on everything or you have to leave a job or you could lay it off whatever it's like shit I'm better than I am now doing I got this job so I should be able to get a better job I got more spirits I got more talent like working on yourself gives you that kind of resilience so you ain't even tripping off shit when it happens because you know you that make it but you've got to earn that you can't make that shit up man you can't be make believe homie you can't just tell yourself they're all of myself you know man you know that's bullshit you don't love you because you got to give yourself a reason to love yourself you love your parents for a reason you can't understand like I was there for you they did so much for you for such a long time your mom would drop you in the dumps that you in love her you know I'm saying like motherfuckers who's dead left them like you know them I'm at girls in New York who's dead lived in the same barrel she ain't met him ever she never seen them over like ten years right she love him she had a reason to right you don't love your parents just cause you love him because they was there for you only love yourself if you if you're there for yourself only kids and pets get loved one conditionally and those are the top three stork principles that have really impacted my life you know I really just to check out the homie right holiday's work if you want to know more about it you know or read meditations about markers to relios I probably read that shit how just it's times if you want a more current version of that is the obstacle is the way by right holiday but if we're remember you got to keep improving yourself hey I know where you can prove yourself right now I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of all line training if you're trying if you want to write level up in your life and you love fitness you won't learn how to build your own life in this business I got a free book to show you how to do it even if you're not certified even if you don't have a big following even if you don't have a lot of experience this book of March you're down at pad it really seems like this is right for you because you might redistribute like fuck I don't want to do a work to be an online trader and that's cool it's because if you made that decision you can cross this out but it might feel like don't this is part of it for me but you won't know until you get some more information that I've free that book is free take it out in the link below all right

=== FILE: 3 Things you MUST avoid if you want to get Rich [DD826p38T8A].txt ===

In this video, I want to show you the three things that you have to avoid if you want to get rich and become massively successful. You want to get rich, you want to make some money, you want to excel financially. In this video, for you, this might be the most important video you ever watch. I'm going to break down the things you need to avoid in order to really start balling, shot call, to flexing on the haters, studying on the holes. All right, now you may be thinking, watch the list of this guy. He got a tank top on me. Well, because over the last few years, I've built several multi-eight-figure businesses. I've coached other entrepreneurs that helped them because I've built successful businesses as well. And I've noticed patterns, both in myself and entrepreneurs I coached. And if you follow this advice, you'll put you into bestest position in the succeed. If you don't follow this advice, I can pretty much guarantee failure. At best, you'll be mediocre. Have an average looking wife, but she ain't going to like you because you make it average money. And she's going to wish you marry someone else. Then you're going to get divorced because the average marriage ended in the divorce, right? 50% of marriage ended in the divorce. She's going to take half of your shit because you tune much of a bitch to get a pre-nup. So you're going to take half of your shit and your kids. And as you go marry another motherfucker and your kids ain't going to like him. And then you're going to like you because she's going to play with everything on you. Your life would just be a unmitigated disaster. And then you die. Listen, avoid that fate. But the things that would, the things that you need to avoid in order to get rich. All right. So the first thing you need to avoid if you want to get rich is you have to avoid empty victories. What do I mean by that? Well, when I was struggling and I say struggling, not broke. Right. So in my early 20s, my father killed himself. And it was during the recession of 08. So I had to take care of the whole family. But it was the worst economic conditions since the depression. Super bad. We had record unemployment. The global economy was collapsing before our very eyes. And I had to work really hard to dig myself in my family out of the hole. But nobody was hiring. So I had to work a bunch of labor jobs. And I was working like 12, 14 hours a day, seven days a week in a different two years. And during that time, you know, I was able to help my family get us out of that position. But I kept working with that same work ethic. And a lot of times people would tell me, you got to enjoy life. You got to work, you know, man, you got to live a little all these shit. And before I think it, I thought something was wrong with me at that man. Why don't I enjoy life as much as these people do? And then I read a book called Relentless by Tim Grover, Tim Grover trained Michael Jordan Colby Bryant, the way away in a bunch of other, you know, amazing Hallophane basketball players. And he didn't talk about training the specific tactics or drills they did. He talked about the mindset. After I read that book, I realized, oh, if you want extreme success, then you actually have to approach it differently than other people approach it, right? All this liberal liberal enjoy life shit. That's cool. If you don't want extreme success. If you want to be regular, regular guy, doing regular shit to you die, then yeah, you can kind of half ass it. You can pussy-flid it to your goals, right? But if you want extreme success or you, you're in the deficit. If you're in the success deficit, like I was and you had to dig yourself out and you have to be extreme. If you want extreme results, they require extreme actions, right? And it doesn't really work any other way. And when I read that book Relentless, it kind of gave me permission. And one thing I realized was when it comes to enjoying life that recreation wasn't the only way to enjoy life, right? You can enjoy life with recreational activities for sure, but it's not the only way. Some of us enjoy life but push in ourselves. I see in how much of our potential we can bring to the surface and working on it every day. And if you learn to enjoy life that way as opposed to only being able to enjoy life with recreation, then you could enjoy life more often. That's what people understand. Because if the only way you can enjoy like as parties, recreation, recreational drugs, vacation, casual sex, all the shit, none of those things are bad with them themselves, but if those are the only way you can enjoy life, then you can only get little pockets and joy. Because you can't do those things all the time. You certainly shouldn't indulge in those things every day, right? So that means you don't enjoy life every day. If you can learn to associate and enjoy life with pushing yourself, seeing how much of your potential you can bring to the surface, then you can enjoy life every day, 24 hours a day, right? With people understand this, I've changed my associations with pain and pleasure, right? So now, you know, I'm just as happy in front of my computer working on spreadsheet, so I don't want to shift from my business as the average person is on a vacation. Getting high, smoking dope. Because I changed my association with pain and pleasure, right? And I stop chasing empty victories, sorry to say it's a long term victory. This is very important. And what what it would that looks like, yeah, a lot of you guys heard me say this before, just shut the fuck up and listen, bro. Right, I need to ask you no questions. All right, so see me for a way, everyone's favorite, coped up pervert. He's also the father of the monocycality. He said that people are always moving towards pleasure as a heart or away from pain. That's why you represent pain, right? And that's why everybody makes every decision. Right? So right now, you associate pain with hard work. Some of you associate pain with diet, working out, waking up early, right? And you associate pleasure, pleasure with, uh, hosts. Party, drugs, recreational drugs, vacation. When you associate pain with something, it takes a lot of discipline to do those things. And the deerserms, it's going to take a lot of discipline to do the stuff here. Right? It's going to take a lot of discipline to not do the things here. Right? But you can change that. You can change these associations with uh, something else I've talked about all the time is the list of pain, right? And the list of great. So with the list of hate is you're going to make a list of everybody talk shit about you. Every chick who rejected you, everybody who said you couldn't make it. My focus will mean you two videos shit on you. Maybe that might be a unique thing for me. But you want to just make a list of it, right? And look at that list every day. As I'll start my morning. Over time, you got to understand that when you don't work hard to hate or win, right? And the only way to punish them, right? Because we can't like fuck them up, be their ass or shoot them any more, right? So the only way to punish them is which is success. You can't understand? The phrase that I've just said the best revenge is massive success. And in my experience that's true, right? Because I've gotten revenge on people all different types of ways. The best it has been massive success. Believe me, I've tried everything. I'm super well versed in revenge. But massive success is the best one. And in the beauty of it is it propels you towards your goals, more, right? People will tell you you should do for yourself. You shouldn't worry about the haters. I'm like, no, no, no, man. If you don't, it's hardest that hate. You're wasting our patuting and you use this beautiful feel to propel you towards your your goals. Payed is just a tool, just like any tool, right? Like a like a knife. I can use a knife to cut up food that I'm preparing for a homeless people at all days given, right? Or for children at all, or for this, then that way I use the knife for good. Or I can use the knife to start stabbing people in a shit. Right? It's not the knife that's good or bad. It's how it's used. Same thing with hate. If hate is used for good, then it's a good thing. You're gonna say, it's a good thing. The problem that if you only lean on hate, then you risk being awesome Darth Vader shit. Right? It all uses hate, right? You want to use the other emotions as well. That's why I say the list of great. So you want to make a list. You want to imagine a version yourself that accomplished all your goals and aspirations. And it right down the attributes of that that version of yourself would have to have. What type of a date is that person wake up? What time is that person go to sleep? Is that person staying up getting high, playing video games, jerking off, right? Is that my fucking getting the blowing all those money in the strip club? Like, what is he really doing, right? And his thing, you look at that list every day too. And every time you start acting in the accordance to what's on your list of great, you start to feel good about yourself. You start actually liking yourself. When you actually proud of yourself, here's a funny thing. A lot of you people say they don't have confidence or they lack self-esteem, and because they haven't given themselves a reason to have confidence. They haven't given themselves a reason to be proud of themselves. When you start acting in accordance to what's on your list of great, then you actually give yourself a reason to be proud of yourself. It even before you will accomplish the goals you'll like yourself better because you're doing this you're supposed to start to enjoy doing the things you're supposed to do. What happens is this should start to flip. You start to associate pleasure with the stuff you use to associate pain with. And then you start associate pain with the stuff you use to associate pleasure with. So you start to flip. So now when you're out here chasing holes at the party while you're high on vacation, you start to feel bad about yourself because you know, because two things have happened. You're not acting in accordance with the man you need to be to accomplish your goals. And you letnair's win. These motherfuckers would be ready motherfuckers to hate knowing you if you don't accomplish their goals. They weren't hating. They were just correct. They said you couldn't do it and you don't do it. It wasn't hate. It was just a fair assessment of your capabilities. motherfuckers with fortune tellers. They just started playing the lottoe because they were right. You know, they can predict the future and they did it. And you know that at this point what you start changing the associations then it doesn't take this a plan. That's a bit we've trained send this it. A discipline is important right? If you got it cool, but if you have to what if you didn't have to rely on discipline, what if you changed your brain? When you change your brain, you changed the game. The only way I know this is the greatest is just a form of condition yourself. Make no mistake. If you don't condition yourself, then your environment, society, other people will condition you. Are you going to be conditioned no matter what? Are you going to be active participant? Or are you going to be a victim of the conditioning? That's what you've been up into this point. And then you won't have to worry. You won't take discipline for you to stop focus on empty victories. You'll start focusing on the things that will be prepared to your goal and you'll like it. And then people will start calling you will work the hallic. They'll start thinking you're crazy. You'll know you're on the right path when people start saying you're crazy. You work too much. You've got to live a little. When they can't even fathom, I'm a f**k it. Enjoying life. Doing this stuff you do. But you feel like oh man, this is what I want to do. I'm not forcing myself. When you start feeling like that, people start saying you're crazy. That's how you know you're on the right path. So that is crazy, then that's why they're going to be failures. The next thing you need to avoid is limiting beliefs. We talked about conditioning. If you don't condition yourself, you're a vibe-man, who's conditioning. So it's very important that you control the conditioning. And a lot of us, we grow up with these with a lot of limiting beliefs that hold us back. For example, I told the story before, but it bears repeating that I love telling it. I was taking my son to a Lego discovery world. It's in a mall. It's a Lego place where you have fun, play with Legos, do Lego shit. It's cool. We start doing Lego shit. We start building together. You understand? And there's an Omega watch store in that same mall. And I just seen it. Let me stop it this shit right away. And I was looking at this Omega Planet Ocean Chronograph watch. It's a new limited edition when they came out with. And I tried it on. I was like, yeah, man, how much this big ass crazy watch? And the do-sit is 10 grand. And my son was like, 10 grand, he's 6, 10 grand. That's too much money. I don't know where he learned that shit. But I said, not for me, but I said, hey, hey, I look here. Look here home. Never say something's too expensive. You can get anything you want if you work hard enough. That's an example of a belief I went to instill in him from a young age. Because a lot of times when I see you happening to people, they get these limited beliefs instill in them by their parents. Right? And I see it really prevents them from thinking what's possible. People when they, your parents say, we can't afford it. Be realistic. You know, you can't do that. These limited beliefs that get them into our subconscious mind, they become part of our program. And how it affects us, it looks like this. There's reality. Right? Reality is there's objective reality, like just what's there. Right? But then there's objective reality and there's subjective reality. Subject reality is how you experience reality. Right? We all see things differently. If you know somebody who's short of you, do this experiment. Like, bend down to their eye level and start walking around the room. The same room looks different. I swear to you, that's a weird thing. Right? But you both see the same thing, but you're looking at it from different perspectives. So you're having a different experience with the reality. You can understand or your dog, he experiences reality different than you do because your dog can't see in color. You barely fucking see it all. Right? But he can smell way better than you. So he's smelling all types of shit. He's having a different experience of the same reality that you because of his perception. Now with humans, our nervous systems are pretty much the same. But we still experience reality differently. For example, reality is like for weight loss. Reality is a man calories in calories out. You're going to lose weight. That is reality. No matter how you look at it, that's just a true. That is objective reality. The interesting reality gets interpreted both through our nervous system, like, you know, our senses, but also through your beliefs. Your beliefs is like the filter. If your beliefs are dieting is hard, then that will be true for you. But is that the truth? What if you who had to believe that, hey, I can control what I put in my mouth. I'm not some whore who would just put anything in my mouth. I'm in control of what goes in my mouth. What if you took the belief that controlling the mouth of food you putting your mouth is actually the lowest form of discipline. It's like right above not shouldn't on yourself and pissing your pants. If you can stop shitting your pants, then you can control how much food depending on your mouth. I believe that. What if you took on that belief? Then you'd have a different experience with this calorie-zincalli-resolution. Right? Now here's the thing. You're at Belize Impact something called your reticular activation system or RAS for short. What is RAS? Well, it's a part of your brain that's connected to your brain system. This is a real part of your brain in reticular activation system. And what it does is it filters what you experience in an nervous system based off your beliefs. For example, I'm sure you'll video to show us how the reticular activation system works. To test just how much attention the attention-stealing design of the new Scoda Fabia actually is. We left one parked on this ordinary road in West London. We wanted to see if it sharp crystalline shapes, bold lines and lower wider profile would attract the desired level of attention. All right, so just look at the car, just focus on how people respond to this new car. Will the 17 inch black alloy wheels stop passes by in their tracks? Will the angular headlights attract the attention of other road users? Will it? I don't know. Will a crowd gather to check out its fresh, sporty look? Hmm. Well, not quite. But did the attention-stealing design distract you from noticing that the entire street has been changing right before your very eyes? Me and this white man told you to focus on how people respond to the car because we controlled which you focused on? You missed all the other shit that was happening on the street. Like check it out. Don't believe us. How this is how the shit started. You can see it right here. You can see like this is the beginning of the video right in the corner. That's how the street started. Did you think of the band changing to a taxi? Dang how about the scooter changing to a pair of bicycles? Damn. Or the lady holding a peg? You even know that's alone the fact that the entire street is now completely different. Bro, the build and change colors. This is the beginning. Yeah, and this was the end. And you didn't even notice it happened, right? Because we controlled what you're focused on. And you program your RAS with your beliefs. It's kind of like one of your homies gets a new car or some shit. You start singing that car everywhere. You did not fucking start attracting that shit like you're an X man or some shit. No, no, no, that car was there all the time. You just didn't notice it. What happens is you believe that died in its heart and now you're your RIS starts to look for evidence that that is true. Right? And the same thing here. If you believe, hey, I can control how much food I put in my mouth. I'm not a child. Right? Then you start to look for evidence that that is true. Your brain will start showing you evidence. And then that is how your reality is formed. Right? Because the reality and then there's your reality. This is how like racism is formed. Right? If I tell you that all fucking black people are lazy criminals. Right? Then you'll see that. You're only going to see my focus on the news, right? But you and you won't see in a Barack Obama, right? You won't see that good martial. Right? You won't see the dodo who started BT, right? You won't see Oprah, right? You're only going to see what you believe. That's how racism itself prejudices. Right? There's another example, right? Because you believe something and then your RIS shows you evidence that forms your realities. So if you believe that you can't control the amount of food you're putting in your mouth or you believe that died in this art, right? Then that's going to be your experience. Because you're going to see evidence of it. But if you believe, hey, man, I can't control. I'm not a child. I can control the amount of food I put in my mouth. Then you're going to be eye your baller. Yeah, I'm saying you're going to be killing this shit. That's a man with muscles. So you really have to guard your beliefs. This is why I want my son said, that's too expensive. But like, nothing is too expensive. If you want, you can get as long as you work hard enough. It is very important that your guard your beliefs, right? And the way I do that, I don't like letting people say anything negative around me. I do my best to never speak negative as well. So today I didn't get as much sleep as I would have liked to. So I said to say, I'm tired as I may need to give them more sleep, but I need to get more energy, right? But if I say, man, I'm tired, right? What's going to happen? My RIS system is going to look for evidence. But if I say, I need to get more energy. My RIS is going to look for ways for me to get more energy. All right, cool man, boom, you got some adapt in the counterman. You got, you got that emergency at a roll in the crib. You got, you got enough pre-workout out of here to get somebody kicked off their NCAA team. All right, you can look for energy. Maybe taking that right quick. There's a lot of stuff you can do, right? Same thing. It says saying, oh, I got enough money. I need to find more ways to get money. All right, said to say, and I'm hungry. He said, yeah, I need to get something to eat. Your RIS system is going to look for evidence of whatever your belief is on. So you got to control your beliefs and thought and words are beliefs expressed. Words are just thoughts verbalized. So you got to really control those thoughts. You got to control those words. You know, it's very important. A lot of this is going to have to be reprogramming, right? From your broke ass parents, right? I get it. I'm lucky in this. It should even though my group work, like my dad always told me, I can do whatever I want. It is always so many. The way I tell my son, the beauty of it is that if you know my story, man, you know, group work. I got sent away to military school, you know, and then by the time I graduated from military school, I graduated 17, my dad was, he went from being poor on a South-Syredish cargo to he was making $3 million a year and years, $2,000. So adjusted for inflation, that's 24 years ago. Just that would have been $8 million a day as money. Right? So I saw him do it. He fucked all the money. Yep. I didn't experience netted wealth because I was going away in military school, but it's time I graduated from college. Howard University, H.U. Wood up. But it's time I graduated from college to he had fucked all the money up when broke. We was broke in and he killed himself. But I knew it happened, right? Like he didn't know how to sustain wealth. He said you can be everything anything you want to be and then he did it. Shit, I'm saying and then he did it. A big thing you need to realize when you look at your list of hate and list of great is like, yo, when you tell your kids, they can be whatever they want. If you don't end up being whatever you want, right? If you don't fucking live that shit, he's going to think it's bullshit. You're going to be there and he won't believe you. I was super lucky that I had a pair of two and still that shit in me, but then they want the wall. You need to be that for your your generation. So basically you got to control your beliefs. The third thing you need to avoid is your cup of zone. The cup of zone is like a prison that keeps you in body. Sometimes people would rather stay in the hill they know and go into the unknown. This is why you see some people stay in abusive relationships or bad relationships where you see people stay at jobs they don't hate, right? Because it's too afraid to go out there and try to move things, right? And this keeps them in bondage. A bondage made by their own fear. I've seen it stop a lot of the talents that people from actually going after their goals or going after their dreams and then what happens is they get to be my age. I'm 42 and it's kind of late to start going after your dreams at 42 once you got kids, responsibilities. Maybe you got a wife or some shit right? And now you don't have as much free time. You can't be as free. Just people dependent on you. So you can't take the same amount of risk. But also listen, I don't have as much energy as I have when I was 24. I don't have as much energy at 22 and I do it 42. I'm just behind this with you. Like for example, I got a bad night's sleep last night. I got like three, four hours of sleep. That shit was normal when I was 24. I was like, I would do that shit and they get up and fucking get it popping all day. Right? Today? That's it was like, oh, well, run into the best we can today. Right? Then you just have a different amount of vigor. It's going to be different as you age. Right? And you got more responsibility. So you can't take the same risk you can when you're young. So that's why you can't let fear stop you when you're young. Right? If you give you 20s or 30s, you've got to conquer your fear. And I have a whole video that is showing you that a conquer your fear. Go watch that video right now.

=== FILE: 4 Habits That Will Make You a Millionaire [6Qd1AhaxSy0].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down some habits that will help you make more money. If you really implement them and take it to the next up, it will help you get rich. Now, if you fail to develop these habits, if you go your whole life without implementing these habits, then you're probably most likely destined for a life of failure regret and or misery. That's going to lead you down the path of not really marrying the woman you want, but whoever will accept a failure. In my experience, quality, women don't marry failures. You know, I end up with some fat four or five, which may be good for you, right? Then you're going to have some ugly kids because you know, that's how DNA works. And then you go and grow up, you look like, damn you! I look like this! You're going to be like, man, I didn't listen to Brandon Carter that one day when he was breaking it down. I'm sorry. That's a voice that you may be thinking, hey, watch it. I listen to this guy in the tank top. What he know about, Bob? Well, for one over the last few years, I built several multi-eight figure businesses. I've also helped tons of other entrepreneurs start their businesses by coaching them. And one of my watches cost more than your mother fucking house. So the safest thing I know some shit about balling, and here's some habits that will help you in your pursuit of balling. The first habit you got to develop for balling is that you have to learn how to develop a high stress tolerance. Most people right, they're tripping about everything. Everything's a big deal. Muffa gets being traffic. I'm like, their flight is delayed. They start throwing shit to have an attention much like a child. And when I see the people spas and out, it's like, oh, no one there these muffa gets out broke. Because if you're going to make a lot of money, you're going to take on a lot of responsibility. And that responsibility is going to come with a significant amount of stress, a high degree of stress. And everybody's not cut out for, right? And if you can't handle that stress, how you're going to run a big business, how you're going to have employees, right? I have 36 employees right now. I got my own problems in my life. But now all their problems become my problems. I have to deal with all their problems every issue in the business, every issue in my employees life. Plus all the issues in my life, I got to be able to stay cool as a fan. Because I'm the leader as well. Last thing you want is a leader who's spasin. You got to become. You got to be trinky, low. Come, really cool. Like James Bond. I imagine James Bond was freaking out like his spas. He wouldn't watch that movie. I would be like, he wouldn't save the world or give pussy. Here's some things you want to do to increase your stress tolerance so you can take on more stress and then in turn be able to take on more responsibility and be in the position and make more money. One of the things that I do when I'm in a stressful situation is I reframe it. So when I say reframe it, I look at it from a different perspective. I always think, okay, this situation is training me for other stressful situations. It's making me more resilient. And I think about it as if I'm in the gymnasium and I'm lifting weights doing a bicep curl. You got to think about when you lift weights, what happens? The muscle will get stressed out and we work it to the limit and it actually the muscle fibers tear and they grow back stronger. And that's what I think about when I'm in a stressful situation. I think, okay, time for me to practice managing stressful situations. How do you get good at something if you don't practice it? So you need to start embracing these stressful situations because the good thing you have to practice it. If you look at it like practice, I find it a lot more tolerable and a lot more bearable. That's the mental reframe, but there's also biological things you can do to manage stressful. For example, here's a study that shows that regular exercise actually makes people more resilient and it helps them handle stress better. It makes a lot of sense because if you're working out, especially if you're working out with me, you under a lot of stress, you probably thrown up a shit man, crying. Because you were exposed to those stress levels, you'll be able to handle stress better. And the exercise releases endorphins and other neurochemicals that help you manage stress better as well. So make sure you exercise too, but also also you want to make sure you get enough sleep. Here's a study that shows that when people sleep better, they actually handle stress better. Not saying things are less stressful, they're able to handle stressful situations better. And this is important because you can do all the mental stuff or just try to be fucking strong, but if you don't take care of the biological part of things, then you're going to fail. You can't out discipline biology. I don't care how fucking tough you are. You're going to need to get some sleep. How much sleep? I have whole videos on sleep, I'm shit. Finally weird, I got to teach them how to sleep because they fucking baby sleep. In order to get better sleep. There's a few things that I implement. One, I got blackout curtains, right? Make the room super dark. I make the room dark as fresh. You can't have the room looking all my or in a shit. Because you won't get enough sleep because the weight. The weight light. On top of that, I wear a little sleep mask. I wear a little sleep mask. I look like a little sleep superhero with the mask on. And I wear that night to block the light. Any light that may be coming in. I'm going through my eyelids. You know when you close your eyes and you see like red and shit. Right? That's the light penetrating your eyelids. Right? So you want to block that off as much as possible. Here's another tip. I actually learned this from my son when he's a baby. Somebody told me to get a white noise machine and it plays like static. It helped babies go to sleep. But I noticed I started to sleep in better. So now I keep a white noise machine in my bedroom. And I fucking keep another one in my suitcase. And I travel with that shit. You're going to make sure it's white because if you accidentally you want to put a wreaking noise machines, it sounds like. Sounds like a hundred, forty, fifth and Broadway. You want to take it to the next level. I got this contraption called a chili pad. It's like a mattress pad. It goes underneath the mattress cover on top of the mattress. On the side of it is like a little refrigerator. And it like pumps cold water through the shit. You can set the temperature. And I said it so it feels like the cold side of the pillow all night. And on my whole body. That's a good feeling for me. All right. And I noticed that I tracked on my ordering. Not only that I fall asleep faster, get better sleep, but I also get better REM sleep and deep sleep. Another thing you can do in order to manage dress better is to meditate. I've talked about meditation here on the channel at nausea. No, sometimes you guys don't believe it. All right. So here's a study that shows that this tons of studies. I could have picked one of fucking 50 that I meditation lower stress and supports forgiveness of whatever God forgives I don't. But meditation will help with stress levels. And there's a bunch of tons of studies that proved this. I've been meditating for 15 years. I meditate twice a day to 15 minute sessions. 15 or 20 minute sessions. Meditation actually changes your brain. It's actually your brain, right? You're a migdala. This is where your fight or flight responses come from. It shrinks that area of your brain. You're not at your trip in this shit. This is also studies this show. It increases the density of the brain mass in your frontal lobe, your neocortex. The neocortex is the part of the brain that's responsible for logic, language. Human beings have a larger neocortex and other animals. This is why we can create languages, do mathematics, make YouTube videos. We're other animals. They struggle in those endeavors. They find it difficult. No. So a stance the reason if your neocortex is larger, making you more logical for all this has a purpose, you know, make the listering stand on a biological level. You'll be less prone to spas and out. The next habit that help make you rich is to find the one thing. I'm to say what I mean. One time ago, I read a book called The One Thing and it really changed the way I thought about success. So what a lot of people do. They try one thing, they're doing one thing, then they're doing another thing, then they're working on this other thing. Then they're working on this other thing. And this is how you go nowhere fast. Trying to accomplish a bunch of different things in tandem. However, in the book, with the home you said was, you want to think, what is the one thing that if I accomplished it, it would make all my other goals either easier or unnecessary. And focus on that. So instead of spreading yourself thin, if you put the same amount of energy in one thing, you're going to go further in one direction. Instead of going in all these other different directions, to say you go nowhere fast, this is like reverse herary styles. You want to go in one direction. This is something that I had to keep telling myself or it'll over and over again. When I first learned this, I went all in online training. And I started going super hard. I was trying to do a bunch of other stuff. I was at a recording studio. I was doing production for people. I was managing a bunch of shit. And I was doing YouTube videos. And I was training people. I said, you know what's the one thing I'm gonna do? And I said, you know, I'm gonna go all in online training. And I quit doing everything else. I went all in and online training. And I immediately started making more money because my efforts were concentrated. I want you to think about it like kids, get a magnifying glass, and they put it out in the sun, and they can burn ants or some shit. I don't know if that's real. Right? But it's because the rate when the rate is spread out that there's no combustion, but once you consolidate those rays with the magnifying glass, then you get combustion burn. Or a better example of being, I don't know if this is real either. Right? But if you ever see that Asian shit where they lay on a bit of nails, but the reason that doesn't stab these motherfuckers is because it's spread out. It doesn't penetrate. I mean, if he was one nail, they would go through his motherfuckin' heart, concentrate your efforts. When I started online training, I kept doing it. And that became a millionaire instead of trying to do an audience's other shit. So here's what you need to do. You need to find out what's the one thing that you can do, focus on. And then kind of ignore everything else. You can have some other goals, like you can have fitness goals and all that other shit, right? But what are you gonna focus on? What's gonna be your priority? And really ignore everything else. When I see these motherfuckers with 18 businesses, I always know that that person's gonna fail. Without exception, because they're thinking, if I do all this other shit, if I do a bunch of shit, maybe something will work. No, make it. None of that shit will work, man. It's hard, it's competitive out here. 80% of businesses fail. How are you gonna do fucking five of them at once? And succeed. But even as you get successful, you have to avoid the strap. Because I started making millions, and I said, oh man, I can start another business. So I started a keto meal prep coming. I had a supplement company. I had a bunch of other businesses on top of trying to be all crazy, tons of girls, be an international playboy, making fucking content, doing a bunch of shit, doing too much. And I ended up in this same trap. And then I actually talked to Alex Hermosa, he said, man, yo, I just did one thing. He just did gym launch, and that made him super successful. But I remember, I remember the conversation vividly. I was on a phone with Alex, this is before he became famous. He was just rich, not famous. And he was like, he said, how much money you make last year? I was like, I made about two million, somewhere around two million, two.5 million between all the businesses. I'm thinking pretty good. And he's like, yeah, I made like 30 million dollars last year. Just gym launch? He's like, yeah, I was like fuck. He said, yeah, man, you look like you're spreading yourself in. So I immediately shut down all the other businesses and just went on my business where I teach people how to grow. They're all my fitness business. I had to get trainer. And my income triple. It was the same amount of work but it was all in the same direction. Instead of the reverse hairy style shit, I was doing before. Here's the irony of that shit, that conversation. This is why I say it's some you always got a guard against. Because the reason Alex and I were talking, we've working on doing some shit to help him promote. These two are the businesses you've started. You later say that that was a mistake. It's something we always gonna have to keep reminding yourself. Stay focused. Figure out what the one thing is and don't let you distract. Now if I have other businesses, it's not business. It's just I put money in them, but I don't work on them. I work on one business, everything else. I'll put money in it. And I'm more of an investor in those business. Kind of like buying a stock or some shit. And it's certain you will. The next one is going to be something called avoiding decision fatigue. Decision fatigue is something that happens. Where the more decisions someone has to make, the quality of the decision starts to degrade over time. And there's a lot of precedence for this. There's a lot of studies to show this. So there's a study that it showed motherfucking judges than shit. So at the beginning of the day, they would have more people on parole. These were progences. They would have more people on parole after they had to make more decisions. They gave less people parole. Until they had a break, then they had a break, and then they would start over. The first month, I got to the break man. He's going home for the last month, but before they break, and he goes 10 more years. And it happens like that, because it's decision fatigue. Basically, the more decisions you have to make, the quality of those decisions start to degrade. You want to avoid decision fatigue at all costs. But just so you know, it's for real, I'm about to show you a study. Basically, then study ahead of these people make a bunch of decisions. They were testing them as a study went along. And they noticed that the more decisions they had to make, it led to more fatigue, less control, less physical stamina, and reduced persistence in the face of challenges. Making choices and pairs, subsequent self-control. Basically, you can read this shit on your own time. They're all right. But, but it's another study. It shows the certainty, the plea to will pal, making it harder for individuals to resist temptation or stick to goals, making choices and pairs self-control. So basically, your decision making to be the impacts your will pal, or will pal is a finite resource. This is why a lot of successful people wear the same shit every day or eat the same shit every day, because they want to limit the decisions so they only have to focus on the important decisions. Because the more decisions you make, the quality of those decisions with the grade, how do you combat this? A few things you can do, try to have more routines, things you just know what you're gonna do in the morning. So for example, if you're gonna work out in the morning, lay out your clothes the night before, you're working out clothes in that before, have everything breaking night before. So you don't have to make decisions so you wake up, you just get up and go. A lot of people wear the same stuff every day. I'm gonna be honest with you. If I'm going out, of course, I'm a flex on, you're gonna floss. But if I'm just in the crib or around the area, I literally just grab a fucking tank top out the drawer and he's lood loodling him in pants and he's black air force once, and that's like my uniform every day, because I don't wanna have to think about it. Like my breakfast, I already know what it is. I'm gonna start the day off with some sardines and then my girls gonna cook me eight eggs in six bacons every morning. And then my day has a schedule. All right, so if you look, so I showed my calendar in the past, I decided how I'm gonna run my day way before, maybe a week before. So now I just go out and I'm executing. And I don't have to make decisions on small things. So I can save my decision making ability on the large things. Because to make a lot of money, especially if you had the responsibility that we talked about earlier, you're gonna be the one making a lot of decisions. So I'm gonna be on you. And if you've wasted your decision making ability, like the study show, right? The more decisions you make, the quality of those decisions started to grade over time. So if you've fucking squandered your decision making on what you're gonna wear today and what you're gonna eat, not another shit, you're gonna make worse decisions on your partnership because you wasted your decision making on the bullshit. Some people may say, does the same thing every day get tired? Yeah, if you're a woman, and the reason I say that, because seriously, I've been a personal trainer for 25 years. Most guys typically don't have a problem in the same thing over and over again. It may not be their favorite thing in the world. They typically have a problem with it. Women on average, in my experience, in my experience. Women like variety more. This is why your girl got 30 purses in 50 pairs of shoes to shit. And I wear the same black air force ones every day. Guys, typically don't have a problem with that shit. The next habit that will help you make a whole bunch of money is to actually don't focus on passion, focus on developing skills. Because what happens is, people chase their passion or they want to try to find their passion or find their purpose. Getting that's supposed to find it. It's supposed to create it. Anything that someone gets good at, they end up being passionate about. Literally anything. Those of you who've ever played an instrument, you know, if you learn a song, and you get good at playing that song, you want to play that song all the time. But when you have to learn a new song, is it as fun to play? No, sucks, because you're not good at it. People like doing things they're good at. So if you get good at something, you'll love it. And you can love accounting if you get good at it. Video editing is fucking boring. Everyone in this room probably likes it, because all three of us had some skill in it. They're better to meet, right? These guys, these guys. And the guys who are editing my videos, they're the best. No one's better. But I used to hate to shit at first. It was like fucking tedious until I started getting good at it. And then I started to enjoy it. It's like that with everything. So you want to focus on developing skills, developing the skills that make you money. And if you get good at those things, then you'll start to like it, where everyone else would think it's boring. I have a whole video on acquiring skills, and I'll break down something called the skill acquisition matrix. And if you follow the advice in that video, you'll be able to learn skills and master them in record time. And that way you'll start to love these things. Almost anything you can learn to love, then be passionate about if you get good at it. And this video will show you how to get good at anything fast. Go watch that now.

=== FILE: 40 Brutal Truths I Wish I Knew in My 20s [aQ2bN5td5-I].txt ===

Here are 40 things I wish I knew when I was in my 20s. First one, stop trying to figure out what you can get away with and start seeing how much you can push yourself. I learned this when I was in a different country industry in my early 20s. In this industry, a lot of my colleagues and or competition, they were selling a product that they would get from Miami. I was in New York at the time, and when they would get this product, what they would do is they would dilute it, make it less potent in order to stretch it out. And they were kind of just cheating, looking for shortcuts. When they would distribute it to the consumers, it was less potent. It gave them a bad reputation. What I did instead was I went straight to Miami to the source. The reason this was happening is because people were getting it from other people in Miami. They were the middle man, so they were getting it for higher price. Because they didn't want to go all the way down in Miami themselves. Because there was a lot of risk involved in it. You had to have more money to get it from that from the source. It was more difficult and arduous. But for me, I thought, man, I could just try to get away with selling it and infuriate your product like the rest of my competition. Or I can just go to Miami and go get it. I took the plane in Miami and the gray-ound bus back to New York. Now I had the most potent product amongst my competitors. Instead of diluting it, I just charged more. And this allowed me make a lot of more money than my competitors. What's the lesson here? I wasn't necessarily better than him. I just had a better product because I was willing to do more than they were willing to do to accomplish their goals. As it relates to other goals and life, people ask me, what's the easiest way to get a shape? Or do I have to count calories to lose fat? That way I would make the most amount of money in the least amount of time. And the problem is they're looking to see what they can get away and say how far they can push themselves. If you're willing to push yourself, more than everyone else, you can accomplish more than everyone else. Because life is causing effect. And the more extreme you are willing to be, the more extreme results you can get. Next lesson is long-term thinkers always win. So when I was in that other profession, one thing I realized was, a lot of people around me were dying and getting to send the prison. And it really hit me when one of my friends SV, he got set to life in prison, a double homicide. He killed those people. He definitely needed his ability. That's why I don't go around saying free SV because he definitely did it. 100%. Mother Boy Esco, he was murdered by some rivals. And then my father, Luis brings out. One thing I noticed about all three of those circumstances is they were all thinking short-term. And I was at the time too. And that's when I said, you know what, fuck, I got to start thinking long-term. When you start thinking long-term, you make better decisions. Because to check this out, the things that are bad for you in the short-term are typically good for us on the long-term. Even healthy today, you may not enjoy it as much as eating some candies and cakes right now. Even healthy in the short-term, if we do that for a long time, it'll be good for us on the long-term. Studying today may not be the same as going to the amusement park getting high and drunk. It may not be as fun, right? You may have to miss out on getting high and drunk, right? Because you study, you're working on something, but it's good for you long-term. The contrary is true as well. Typically, that we enjoy in the short-term are bad for us long-term. The most delicious food can't be cake sugar, process food, you know, the readles that have been engineered to be tasted in regular food. They're good for a short-term, we love short-term, but long-term they're bad for us. Not studying, not reading, not working hard, being diligent, party, and emotion. It may be fun and short-term is bad for us long-term. But what we don't understand is all things are like that. So the more we can expand our time horizon, typically the better decisions we make. If we make all our decisions based off, how will I feel about this decision 10 years from now, you'll be doing all types of shit different than you do currently. But the problem is most young people, and I was guilty of this as well, right? I was guilty of thinking short-term, most young people do this because they haven't been alive that long. If you're only 20 years old, you think about five years from now. That thing five years is 25% of your entire life. It's probably 50% of the life you're cognizant of, because you don't remember a whole lot of shit before they defy, but it's a significant part of your life, right? Because you haven't been alive that long. More you can think long-term to better decision make. When I saw this happening, people around me, I thought, okay, what do I want long-term? And I said, okay, I need to switch into a different kind of industry and push is safer. And that's when I switched online training. And I said, I'm just gonna do this. And it was bad for me short-term, man, because I wasn't like saving money, because remember I was thinking short-term. So I didn't have much of money saves or none like that. I had to start from the bottom, and I had to start working hard. I went from living the lifestyle that pushed your team and wrap about having a job, taking orders from my fucking right? And that was bad for me short-term, but long-term, I knew what I was working towards. As you can see, it worked out. Had a state on that path, we know where that shit ends. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20, displaying competence is the only way to get support from other people. So I get a lot of messages and people who say, man, my family doesn't support me or my friends don't support me or my girl doesn't support me. Nobody believes in me. Here's the thing, if they don't believe you can do something, it's for a reason. And that reason is you have not displayed competence in that field. Yeah, it doesn't mean you can't do it, but they don't have any reason to believe that that's something you can do. Especially if they haven't seen anyone else do it in their circle. The way they're acting towards you is totally rational. And it's okay. You need to make peace with that. So use the bother me if I had ambitions or when I was working with somebody supporting me. Initially it was like, ah, you know, I felt the same way. I think I just realized that there's no reason for them to believe. It means I haven't displayed competence in this. If I had a track record of doing this shit, I would say I wanted to do, then it would have made perfect sense. It would have been stupid, not to believe in me. Instead of being mad at your family or your friends who don't support you or don't believe in you, just understand it's just human nature. Then never seeing you do this shit before. You ain't dated before. It's just an idea, but you gotta remember God gave you that vision. He didn't give it to everyone else. It's your job to fulfill it. Now once you start displaying competence, then you'll have confidence in you. It was gonna happen because I stopped talking about what I was gonna do. Like I didn't tell nobody, what I was planning on. Because I rated Malcolm X's autobiography. He said, if it don't tell people your goals because if you fail or change your mind, nobody knows. And I thought that was dope. We also said it's more impressive. It just seems like it happened. So I'm working on this thing and I'm keeping that in mind. I didn't tell people, but I did, you know, I'm posting YouTube videos. I'm doing shit. They seem me grinding. Nobody's showing the whole bunch of love. Nobody's supporting me the way I would have hoped. And it bothered me a little bit, right? Especially when I started getting some success. And I had fans who were bigger supporters than my friends and family. But you know, it's difficult to be profiting your own land. It's okay. If you keep going, you get so much success that if your success becomes like there's a gravitational pool. But it's got to be big enough. Like the way gravity works, right? It's got to be a large enough mass to start bringing people in. Once the success was big enough, where it couldn't be ignored, then people say, yo man, yo, how can I get involved with what you doing? The only whiteboard brand was like, yo, man, I want to work with you. How can I be involved like shit, man? Yeah, and these some help, those girls get it. And we started doing these still works with me now. That's what happens, right? The biggest success, the more gravitational pool you have. The next lesson, the more you sweat during peace, the less you bleed during war. For example, I remember I had a friend. And he came to a lot of money, super fast. This is my early early 20s. And instead of taking that money, double in down on it, investing in somewhere, he said, fuck it. He went straight to the Louis store with the Gucci store. He fucking bought a bunch of drugs. He went into like a fucking hotel, sweet called a bunch of escorts over. Man, this motherfucker was living crazy for like a week. And he's been all the money. The thing is he thought that money would keep coming from his endeavor, right? But the thing he was doing, other people saw the success and didn't feel got crowded, and he wasn't successful anymore. Here's the thing, once things get easier, that's what we need to start going harder. That's what you need to start focusing and working even harder. Because nobody's life is gonna be an unbroken boulevard of green lights, right? You're next tragedies around the corner. So when things are good or where things are easy, what you wanna do is work even harder and get ready for the bullshit. Because some bullshit's gonna happen. Whether it's economic crisis, I've lived through several economic crisis, a fucking pandemic. Natural disasters. I lived through a lot of natural disasters. Hurricane Sandy came through a fucked up New York and I was there. People in your family are gonna die. Friends are gonna die. Your media family, your friends, they may need your help. It needs to be ready for all of that. You can't inspect names that just fucking run smooth. Because it's almost never works like that. If you get a pocket where everything is going right, that's what you need to go fucking super hard. You make it, get as much money as possible. Be a much more resources and a much more defences as possible. It is not time to start a goal, go on vacation and join life all that bullshit. Because the next fucking tragedy is around the corner. Your life is gonna be a series of tragedies. Everyone who knows what I'm gonna die. There's gonna be more natural disasters. Have this all the time. There's a economic recession every 10 years on average. Your business may be going well, but things can change. I know some guys say we're making a lot of money with search engine optimization and linking it to affiliate stuff. And then Google overnight changed their algorithm. Fuck, don't talk about a business. It might my jeweler. He ain't doing nothing wrong, but Russia decided to invade Ukraine. It's difficult for them to get in time is now. So business slows down because he just can't get inventory. He was asking me if he could buy some diamonds to sell to me off me so he could sell them for higher prices. That's not what it is for. She happens. It's some shit is going happen at some point. And the better you are insulated, more you prepare for it, the less it would affect you in a negative way. The more you sweat during peace, the less you bleed during war. The next thing, protecting the downside is more important than focusing on the upside, for example. It was about four or five years ago. Crypto was going crazy. The stock market was going crazy. And it was this new thing out that everybody was super excited about. They were called NFTs. Nine, fungiable tokens. You all remember NFTs? My focus was just paying $1,000. Sometimes millions of dollars for cartoons, you shit. And they know it was a scam. Everybody's making money off NFTs. I knew a lot of people, a lot of influencers, who put out NFTs. And it solded to their audience to make money. And they made a lot of money. What do you think have been to the valuables NFTs? They're all, they're worth almost zero now. Basically, these motherfuckers ripped off their audience. And many of them really fucked up their reputations. And a lot of the influencers didn't know, though, listen, I've been famous for it all the time. Right, relatively famous, like a checklist celebrity. You know how many people came to me, saying, let's do an NFT project. You can make this amount of money. And it was attractive amount of money. But I thought, man, this shit looks like a scam to me. I don't know, it may be legit, but it looks a lot like a scam to me. And I think the downside of ripping off my audience, fucking of my reputation is not worth the potential upside of a few extra million dollars. And you got to think about that, because we're what I'd be now if I did that shit. And then you see it all the time, like right now. Every time crypto starts pumping, so does a new scam goes alongside it. Right now is a meme coins. So we see people doing rug pools on the fucking main coins. For example, Rick Ross, he put out the boss coin and he's something about boss coin, boss coin, boss coin. Soon as that shit went up to be worth that, like, you know, a lot of money. He just rug pulled it and took all the boss coins shit off his social media. I ain't got no beef with Rick Ross, you know. He watches my videos. He'd be left a comment on my Instagram posts. Would you buy some shit from Rick Ross now? Knowing that, I would. I mean, you can look at the blockchain. He made like a million dollars, but it was like straight scam. That's fucked up. Artisania came out with this own meme coin, rug pool, the whole country. Do you think that's helping out there, they got to meet? Right, you gotta protect it down side. And this is just everything. So anytime I have the decision, I wanna make it on the ticket risk. Just a criteria, I put it through. What's the worst that could happen? And I don't try to make it feel good. Then I say, okay, that's the worst that can happen. Can I handle it? If I can't handle it, then I probably just do it. If I can't handle it, then I don't do it. The next one is, people will always act in their own self interest. Everybody's gonna act in their own self interest. And all you have to do to get anything you want is align other people's self interest with yours. That's all you have to do. Right, so instead of looking at it in a realistic way, like I want everybody selfish, I'm like, hmm, everybody selfish. So all I gotta do is give them what they want and I'll get whatever I want. It depends on how you look at it. But this is true, even your fucking dog, if you don't feed that dog, it's on the runaway, you get some food. And you should not be surprised. And in fact, you need to work with it. And sometimes it's a wake-up call. I remember a long time ago, this is girl, like, the day we suppose to hang out, she's like, oh, my mom want me to help her where we do some my can't come. So she flaked on me. And I was like, hey, no problem. It happens, right? It happens to the best of it. Even me, I know some guys are shocked, yeah. And I thought, you know what, that's true or not, moms do be need and shit sometimes. But wither that was true or not, it didn't matter. Because if I was Drake, she would have said, look, my, you want to have to figure this shit out on your own. I got fucking Drake waiting on me. Straight up. And her mom would have been like, yeah, this shit ain't that urgent, where you need to be standing up Drake girl, you need to get us out the fucking hood. Go ahead, it would have been in her best self-inches. And so I just let that out, I just got stuck in my game up. I got to build myself up to the point, where women will flake on their mothers for me, instead of flaking on me for their mothers. That's a different level. But that level exists. Prime Drake bitches would flake on their mother for, for Prime Drake bitches would punch them in the mouth for Prime Drake. So I was like, okay, I just got to step my game up. If people don't support you or you're not getting customers or you're not doing this or things aren't working for you, how do you make yourself better? So I'm saying people's best interests to fuck with you. Oh, I want to network with people. How could you build yourself up or your product or service or whatever you have to offer? How can you build it up to the point where it's in their best interest to work with you? Right? And network with you. If you want to be in an actual playboy, you want to have sex with a bunch of women all the time, every day. I'm not making no judgment. How do you build yourself up so as to your best self-interest for women to want to participate in that? What did they eat really? If you want to have a million subscribers, right? You want to have a million followers. First thing I always ask them is, why should people follow you? They always snump. They can never answer that question. And I'm like, oh, until you answer that question, you're not going to be able to get the followers. If you can't even think of a reason why these motherfuckers have followed you, are you thinking they're going to figure it out on their own? Now, everyone is always going to act into their own self-interest. And all you have to do to get whatever you want is to align yourself interest. The next thing I wish I learned in my 20s, there is no amount of money that you cannot fuck up. I remember when I made my first million. I don't remember the exact age when I knew it was my early 30s. I made a million dollars that year, revenue. But I looked at my own personal account and I did not have a million dollars in it, right? Because I didn't understand. Making money and managing money are two different skillsets. And that's when I put in place, a strategy called NBA Accounting. I talked about in other videos, but I started just really taking inventory of every dollar I spent. I used something called Mint.com at the time. Now you used something called Monarch because Mint doesn't work anymore. But I track every dollar I make categorized words coming from, I keep meticulous track of my finances. You know, those are those coaches other entrepreneurs. You know, I had helped to make a million dollars. But he had so much money. And I'm kicking the wooden business. Man, I'm rich now too. Oh, you'd always talk about how he's rich. Now I'm rich. Then he hit me up. He sent me a bank statement. A screenshot he had a thousand dollars. I like what the fuck happened, right? And so I told him to come to my crib. I said, you've been using Mint.com. He's like, nah, yeah, I told you to do it. Like, yeah, I didn't ever do it. I made them sit down. I made them hook up all of the accounts to Mint.com. And it can show its old transactions, right? They can go back 90 days. And we set and categorized every transaction. And we saw how much money he was blowing on bullshit. He blew that million dollars. It wasn't even like, it wasn't profitable. His business was profitable. His lifestyle wasn't. He blew that shit. And he was shocked to see how much money he spent on girls, how much money he lost gambling, how much money he spent on flights, how much money he spent on designer shit. It was like, oh man, there's no amount of money you can't fuck up. My Tyson throughout his box of career made over $300 million. He still went bankrupt. I know a chick that he was fucking when he went bankrupt. He ended up living with her and her mom's house. And why is he didn't hate? He's the mother fucking hood after you blew out that money. He's back on the speed now, right? You know, cause podcast. It shit, you know, Biden, Jake Paul and the city. He's back on the speed now. There is no amount of money you can't fuck up, right? So the key is track your spending meticulously. Track your money gets serious about it. Learn accounting because you can fuck up that money, bro. The next lesson was come from warm buff. You will become like the people you were around. Whether you will become like the people you were around, whether you want to win that. You have an involuntary effect. You've already done it. You probably have a similar accent to the people who are in your hometown, home country. You probably have similar religion to the people you grew up around. You probably like a lot of similar foods. Human beings, we assimilate involuntary to the people around. And there's a lot of studies to show that. So there's one study to show. If one of your friends becomes obese, then you have a 40% chance of becoming obese. But here's a crazy part. If a friend of one of your friends, a third month of fucking Detroit even knows, if he becomes obese, now you have a 20% chance of becoming obese. You don't even know that I'm a fucking, let's say that person, a friend of a friend, we're talking four levels deep. You don't that person, study show that you have a 10% chance of becoming obese. I'm a fucking, you don't even know because he got fat. You don't even know his homie. So study showed it one of the best predictors of wealth of income is how much people's friends make. So super important man, you're going to ride with the winners and you're going to lay with the losers. If your friends are here, fukking up, acting crazy, have a lot of trouble, you know, getting in trouble at some time, you probably got to do this association yourself for them. Unless they ask you for your help, of course if someone asks you for your help and they're a friend or family member, then you can be there for them. But if they're not asking for your help and they are, fukking up, you got to disassociate yourself, right? One of the 40-alars powers is a void unhappy and unlucky, right? He's talking about his contagious, man. But the opposite is true too. And you know it is, right? You have you ever been around, somebody was happy. You become more happy, right? If a fukking happy kid runs in a room, everybody seems to light up or a puppy runs in a room, people light up. But you've also been in a room where everything's cool and somebody comes in with the motherfukking stank face, all mean and angry changes the whole energy in a room. That's just happening on a small level just the room. Imagine prolonged exposure to that shit. What does it do to you? Stay away from unhappy and unlucky. So number nine, over confidence is more dangerous than self doubt. So I remember a story, you know initially when I first started public speaking, I wasn't really nervous like everyone else. And the reason I wasn't nervous is because I used to do rap battles. Like eight miles style rap battles when I was in college like all up and down, the East Coast. My multiple times a week, me and my boys we would drive around anywhere where there was a rap battle or open mic we go there and we battle. It wasn't like the way they do rap battles now if you watch, like some of those battles now, back in the day they put on a beat and you had to do it like eight miles. You had to freestyle off the head, making fun of this person. That was so much easier than just talking. So I had the utmost confidence when I started public speaking because shit doesn't have to rhyme. Nobody's making fun of me at the same time. I don't have to be on beat. I could just talk. This is simple. And my first few speeches I was just crushing it, killing it. And then I had this one speech where I had to, um, it was a different kind of audience. And I didn't imprep because I had been, I had so much overconfidence from killing all the speeches and the totally bomb man. I, if it wasn't such a nice crowd, I would have got boot off the stage. Right. Because I didn't prepare it all. That just so me the danger of overconfidence. In my lifetime, overconfidence has damaged me more than fear. Now I just over prepare for anything. That stops the really bad things from happening. Because you can stumble, you can have a said back, but it doesn't have to be as bad if you take precautions. So be confident, never overconfident, never think you should don't stay, never think you too good to prepare. When they talk about Steph Curry practice, he practices almost more than everyone else on the team. And that's why he's one of the best basketball players of all the time. Next thing I wish I knew when I was 20, was if you're not tracking, you're slacking. I had started working out when I was 16 and I made some progress. You know, you make your new gains your first few years. But then I started to hit a plateau when I was in college. But I wasn't tracking my calories. I wasn't tracking my workouts. I was just going into gym, working out, eating anything like you motherfuckers. And I was wondering why I wasn't making progress. And then an OG trainer, he told me, you know, you got to track everything. You got to track all your calories. You got to track everything. Just try it for a few months. I bet you'll get more progress. And then it'll first you months. I made more progress in it than I had made the prior year. Just because you're not tracking me as slacking. So I've been tracking my calories and every workout I do for like 20 years. That's why I'm in better shape than all these motherfuckers. Man who are talking shit about me, right? Because they don't do the thing, right? If you start tracking your calories, all your fitness goals will be easier to accomplish every fitness problem you have will miraculously go away. The moment you start tracking everything. But it's not just a fitness, right? I took that to every year in my life. In my business, we track all our KPIs, we track the conversion race, we track hits to the website, we track everything. We measure our progress based off the data. So now we can make data driven decisions, same thing which your fitness goals, right? Same thing, but any goals you have, you're not tracking your slack. You've got to track everything. And if you track everything, not only your performance improved because now you're keeping yourself accountable, you can make decisions and change this based off data instead of just gut feelings or some bullshit like that. You want to learn more about that. I got a free habit tracker called the Victory Vision Planner. Show you how to track your goals and anything else you want to track and you like your macros, your calories, how many calories you burn your day. Business goals, your life goals. You can really track everything in your life with this planner. You can download it for free. It's a notion template and it's a video attached to it that shows you how to use it. All right, the link is in the description. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is the answer is always less. A lot of times when we're trying to accomplish something that we think we need to start adding to the progress. We need to start doing more and more and more. But typically what we need to do is take things away and focus. So our effort is some more potent. All right, our memory in 2019, I had several different businesses. You know, I had a keto meal prep company in New York. I had a sublimit line. I was managing the businesses of a bunch of different influencers. I had my high ticket training business where I teach trainers have to start their own life business business. And I still doing my online personal training. And all these different businesses at the time. And I thought I was doing pretty good because I was making like a few million dollars a year. But then I actually had a discussion with Alex Hermosie once our memory was on. It was on New Year's day. This dude was working on New Year's day. We got on a call to talk about some business we wanted to do together. He was like, how much money you make last year? I was like, I made about $2.5 million dollars. You know, I'm thinking it's pretty good. Kid from Chicago, South South, I thought that was pretty good. He said, yeah, I made $30 million last year. And I feel like a fucking bitch. And he did all that well, one business. So I immediately took that. And I went and I shut down the other businesses. And I just focused on one main business, one main income stream. I mean, I still had investment stuff, but those were more passive. One earned income stream. And I immediately double my income the following year. The answer is always, let's you don't need to ask if you need to take stuff away. Simplify your life as much as possible. All you guys trying to have, you know, whole roster of chicks. Man, you know, the shit is fucking of your mental bandwidth. Because now you got to do all this bullshit. You have too many hobbies, too many business ideas. Most of you guys aren't doing all these different businesses because you're so ambitious. They're doing them because you don't know which one is going to work in your hedge in your bets. It's a sign that you lack confidence. If you believe in one of them, you would just do that one. You wouldn't start 18 different businesses. Focus on one, go all in. Everything is hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. A lot of times we hear all these rules or maybe we even read studies showing that this rep range works or this food works for you or this eating this amount of food is going to help you get the most of the most muscle accomplished you go. You better remember this individual variance and we're all little bit different. Some people die if they eat a peanut. So when you read these studies, I'm not saying they're invalid. They never say 100% of the people in the study accomplish this thing. They just said the percentages. They say, okay, most people in the study had this or they give you the average. But not everybody in that study has success. Some people had adverse effects. So all the study can do is tell you what's most likely to happen to you and help you make an educated guess. That's still hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. That goes for fitness, nutrition and it goes for actual all business. A lot of times people say bullshit for example, people who's always having a brand, you got to be more professional. You got to stop cursing. It makes sense and it's probably statistically right. But I know for me, my fans appreciate the wrongness and the relatability. So I'll curse and say all types of crazy shit. And I make more money because now I stand out amongst everybody who's trying to be professional in the shit. And I will work for you. Everything is actually hypothetical until you apply it to your own life. Mark is the earliest one said, everything we hear is opinion not fat. Everything we see is perspective, not troops. You should hear what works. You should breathe the studies. It gives you a good educated guess until you apply it to your own life, you don't know if it's going to work. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger was volume was solve most problems. For example, every time I'm coaching a sales person and they say, oh man, I'm not making enough money. And I look at their clothes, right? Their clothes rates are not great. Maybe it's fine, but it's not great. I say, you need to get better at sales, man. And how do you get better sales? You need more reps. So you need to do more lead gen, double your amount of sales costs than everyone else. And if you do that, you'll get better faster. Because the way you get good at anything is actually doing it more. It's getting reps. Before you can talk about that, you'll make more money just by taking more calls. Even if your clothes rates say the same. If you double the amount of calls you say, you'll double your income with the same clothes rate. But it'll be more than double because you're going to get better. You're going to get better with each rep. And you'll get better faster because you're getting more repetitions. All right, more chances at bet. All right. So you're clothes rate to go up and you're taking more calls. A lot of people, they always say, work smarter than that harder. Instead of focusing on efficiency, we need to focus on maximum output. If you work harder, you'll get better faster. The more volume was solved, the more every problem. Just do more. You want to get bigger. You probably need to eat more. You probably need to lift more. You want to lose weight. You probably need to die harder. Do more cardio. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s, developing skills is the best insurance. For example, my dad told me when I was younger, he was really good at sales. He told me if you learned sales, you'll never be broke. And I took that. And I got really good at sales. And I remember once, I was in a jam. You know, a few years ago, I just didn't pay my taxes when a few years in a row. I was like, you know what? That's a problem for future branding. And then future branding had to deal with it. Now I was the kid knocking for that money. I was like, how did I get this money? Well, one thing I'm really good at is sales. So I just filled my calendar with sales calls. And I got the money paid off Uncle Sam stayed out of prison. Simple. Right. And I just feel like because I developed my skillset both when sales and marketing, if shit really hit the fancy when haywire all my businesses fill a part of the start from nowhere, I got enough skills to just start selling for someone. Anyone. And I started building them a war chest and I'll be back to where I'm at in a few years. Skills is the best insurance. Next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the big one. Don't get too high off the high. This goes hand-to-hand with the overcompanies. I see it all the time. Things are going great. People, they start living the high life. It feels like it's never going in. They start increasing their living expenses. They might get a bigger house, more cars, start spending money instead of saving and investing. Then next thing you know, when there is a downturn, there are two overlabbers. Well, folks start selling the cars, downsides in the crib, putting the kids in public school. Because they got too high off the eyes. So when you get successful, it's super important. It's to not increase your standard of living. So if you saw me over the last few years, I didn't start really like balling and flexing. And it took me like five years ago. But before that, I was making millions, but I was still living in New York. You know, keeping my living standards relatively low. I wasn't buying Richard Meals back then. You know, I was still putting money aside and investing. Then when the money from the investments started pay me passively, that's when I started balling. Right? My Richard Meals was made passive income from my investments. All my watches, all my luxuries are paid for for income from my investments. Because you never want to feel like, you know, sick and going in. Like a stinking change overnight. And you want to be ready for the next emergencies around the corner. You got to be prepared for the next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is there is the time when it's okay to quit. All right. People say never quit, never give up. I disagree. Sometimes it's good to quit. So for example, a lot of y'all know that I used to be signed a Sony records as a rapper. I was like a sign as a rapper and producer. They signed me in 2004, like, right out the college. A lot of it was because all the performance I did all the way up and down the east coast and shit. I got dropped when they merged with BMG and I held on to that dream for Mad Long. You know, I had a studio on Queen's and one point and I was working with, like, local artists and trying to do shit, trying to make it as a producer. And a few times I thought I had a break. I remember Chris Brown recorded a bunch of songs over some of my beats. Then he beat up Rihanna. They started over with his album and I didn't make the second out the next album. And I kept trying that path for Mad Long. I probably used to quit earlier. I would have got Richard faster. Because I kept going up against roadblocks with the music. But the fitness always came relatively easy. Like making money in the fitness industry. And I started online training thinking, oh, man, I'll just do this to support my music career. And it worked, right? And I have to get a job for a minute and I was still trying to produce a new music. And then one day I just said, man, the online training shit is making money. Why don't I just focus on that? Fuck this music shit. And when they had to make that decision, shut down the studio, into my lease and I went all in online training. Boom. I really started making tons of money and built that in a very relatively short period of time into a seven figure business where it's like music hadn't really made me any money. Had I fucking quit earlier, I think I'd richer faster. And I'd be way richer now. Sometimes I'm not telling you when it's the good time to quit. Because I don't know, you want to make the decision. If you have an opportunity in front of you that's really working and the fucking universe is telling you man, do this, do this. Not this. Maybe you should do it. You know? So I knew when I was 20 is don't fake it to you make it. Do it to you prove it. So a lot of people get that advice. You'll fake it to you make it. I'm not gonna tell you to make affirmations and talk to yourself in a mirror like a psycho or some shit. Like you guys get to franny. And I'm not saying it's nothing wrong with that, but you can't bullshit yourself. But one of my followers give me a statement. Man, my affirmations. It feels like a lie. I'm like, because it is a lie bro, you can't bullshit yourself. And now, however, if you start acting in accordance with the person you want to be, you start actually behaving like the man you're pretending to be instead of just pretending, then you'll start to really believe it. But soccer D said you are what you repeatedly do. So instead of faking it to you make it, do it to you prove it. Thought really being, it started living that shit. All right, instead of saying, oh man, I'm successful. I'm successful. Why don't you just start doing the things that successful people do. Imagine a version of yourself who will accomplish all your goals. Write down his habits. Write down what his day looks like. Write down how much he's time he spends. Call the duty we smoke in sessions. Write down how he behaves. And then call this your list of great. And you look at that every morning. And every time you start behaving in accordance with what's on your list of great, you'll start to believe in yourself more. And you'll start to like yourself more. And you have more confidence. So a lot of times people lack confidence because they haven't given himself a reason to be confident. But when you start acting in accordance with your list of great, bro, you're actually going to start to like yourself more. And you'll have confidence this real, not a fake bravado that you're trying to put on. You'll really believe the next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the pression is a luxury. If you look at Maslow's hierarchy of needs, first, your physiological needs, then you need safety needs, then you need love and be belonging. This is where it starts getting emotional after you have like safety and biology. If you are here, this is the only place you can really be depressed. If you're not safe, you can't even worry about being depressed. If you don't, if you can't eat food, you're more worried about survival. The fact that you are depressed, the cause that you are actually in a privileged position. And I'm not trying to minimize any depression. You're dealing with a serious issue. Those of you know that I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 depression. bipolar 2, that's the new shit. I'm a fuck still got that old depression man. I got the brand new shit anyway. It's something I struggle with. I remember when my father killed himself, I was in danger. Like I had to support myself, my family and everybody. I didn't have time to be depressed. I feel like, oh, did you mourn it? Man, I got time to mourn. I got to get this money. I got to get my mom out to hood. I got to fuck in, raise myself up, right? And I didn't start feeling depressed until I had my shit together, right? So depression is a luxury. I want you to reframe your depression. If you have depression or sadness, this is what I do. I realize that the fact that you can even feel depression means that you're in a good place. And you can reframe it. Focus on the things that you do have man. Luckily, I got in the food shelter, clean water to even be depressed. Because if I didn't have that shit, I wouldn't be thinking about my emotions. You know, I'm the happy thing of my biological needs, right? And just that will make you feel a little better because you reframe it. And then you want to just focus on action. Like action is the main thing that gets me out of depression every time I'm in one. You know, sometimes I still go through depression to the price of episodes. And I do my best to work as much as possible. Work through them. And then I work my way out of them. I don't need to go on betterheels.com or in any of these fancy shit to be sponsored in podcasts. I'll take some money if you move as I listen. But the truth is, man, I just, I just work, man. And I get into action. I start acting like I'm in survival mode. And that way it changes my focus. And the next thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is there are multiple metrics to gauge success. Meaning, I had a mentor back in the day. His name was Kevin Hodo. He was the man, probably one of the best Facebook ads buyers. I already knew Facebook ads, but he helped me get like really good at it. He had a ton of money, great family. He was living great. He, in fact, he was so good. You know, he used to run the ads for Alex Hermos. He used Jim launch business to business to really made him first money. Kevin was running the ads. And Kevin taught me how to run ads. Kevin was almost like a father figure to me. He was the older dude. And it's just someone who, man, had a lot of love for Kevin. He always showed me love. And you know, I paid, he was my mentor. I paid him to be one of my mentors, right? But he definitely helped me out a lot and showed me a lot of things. And yeah, everything going from Kevin was fat. And when COVID came, COVID lost fat people. And he fucking passed away, man. I was so hooked up. So it was like money is not the only way to measure success. Kevin had millions of dollars, but his health was fucked up. So it didn't really matter, right? Because he's not here to enjoy that shit anymore. You know what I'm saying? And he left like pretty young children. He ran high school college age. You know, love is a wife, man. And it's like damn, I just wish he would have had his shit together, right? But the some else he told me, Kevin and I had a mutual friend and Kevin worked for him. I'm Kevin, the ran his ass. He ran his ass for a lot of people. This guy was making so much more money. And I was like, damn, he's making so much money. And Kevin probably felt almost like an NBA stone, not NBA, but more like, damn, I wish I had, I wish I was getting money like that. And Kevin said, he pulled me aside and said, you're brand it. I promise you would not want his life. And he told me some things about this person. I don't want to say it's what, but he's like, oh shit, right? So he sacrificed some things to get that money that I wasn't willing to sacrifice. And when I took that in perspective, I was like, oh, by my metrics to success, I realized I was more successful, even though he had more money. Or you even Kevin, Kevin had more money to me, but I'm alive. You know what I'm saying? So you got to define your own metrics for success, right? There's always somebody who's going to be more handsome than you or have more money than you. And I'm not saying you don't make yourself feel better about it, right? Because sometimes people say, money's not everything. Yeah, so nothing fucking oxygen is not everything, but you need it to survive, right? You need to have it in abundance to survive. You want so much oxygen that you don't like to think about it, right? Money's the same way. I'm not saying you make yourself feel better about not working at capacity. You want to define your metrics for success. What you're willing to sacrifice in which you're not willing to sacrifice and then judge yourself towards that. I'm not saying, oh man, he's got money, but he's fucking this or is that right? I'm not saying you make yourself feel better or pacify yourself like a bitch. I'm saying you really have to figure out what your metrics are and only judge yourself against that and don't judge yourself against other people's metrics. That's success. I hope that makes sense. The next thing I was going to do in our 20s is in the long run, most things don't matter. What I mean by that is I see people tripping and complaining about little shit all the time, fucking traffic, politics, bunch of other shit, right? And most of this shit, we won't even remember five years from now. Right? So one thing I try to think about, will I remember this five years from now? Will I care about this five years from now? And this is like missing a flight, fucking being in traffic. Most of this should that people spas out over doesn't matter. And especially if you take a long term view of it, it doesn't matter. For example, if we think of the stock market, what you can see is there's dips and values, but when we take a long term view, we see that it's up into the right. So all the little dips, man, if you was tripping over this, you was violent. You tripping even the big dips. You didn't have to trip over it. You still didn't have to be in good shape. You want to really focus long term. And that's really difficult for young people because you ain't been alive long. The amount of time you've been alive, you only remember most of it. Like you don't remember like the first two years, right? So it's difficult because you don't have a reference point of time. But just know, most things won't matter five years from now. And just ask yourself, will I give a fuck about this five years from now? He's bitch who dumped me, this person who said this thing to me, you know, all the bullshit. Most of that shit won't matter, man. So you wasting your mental energy on it on bullshit. Just focus on five years from now, man. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is you can actually control other people more than you think. And I learned this in sales when I got to that sales. You ever see a happy child or a puppy walking to a room and everybody lights up. That person is kind of in control of their emotional states. The decisions people make are based off the emotion they feel at the time they make that decision. So if you're in a happy state, you're going to make a different decision than if you're in rage. Some of y'all wouldn't have been born if your dad wasn't really corny. You know what I'm saying? If he was like an illogical state, you want to fuck that ugly chick who gave birth to you. Therefore, if you control people's emotions, you can control their decision making and I learned this in sales. So that people would be scared to make a decision. And you know, I can do things that lighten the mood, maybe tell jokes or just control my emotions, control my matterism. And then the emotional state changes and then a lot of times there'll be a better position to buy. So I think about this all the time, controlling my emotional state. Because your emotional state will affect the emotional state of everyone around you. I tell myself, it was like, yo, you got to be head of state. If they get all worried or scared, you got to stay calm. Just like when you want to motherfucking airplane and the shit starts going crazy turbulence. I don't know about y'all, but I look at the plane waitress. And if the plane waitress is chilling, going about a business, then like everything's probably cool. You know, she control my state. However, once I was on a flight to London, we were over the ocean and the fucking shit starts going super crazy. The plane waitress is going down the aisle and she goes at another plane where I look to see if she's chilling, she's at another plane where she said, get out and they pulled junk raw to the floor and like, oh fuck, it's over. And then I started panicking more. You know what I'm saying? Well, alert, I live through it. It's like that in your life. So be the head of state. All right, when you go in the room, be the person who uplifts everyone with state. Be the person who always makes controls state people around you. Or the old control you, mirror a neurons. This is why somebody yons your own micro expressions and tonality. It affects our state as well. So you need to be head of state. Now the next thing I wish I knew in our 20s, you can actually train people much like you train an animal or pet. A long time ago, I read a book called Don't Shoot The Dog. And it was just really about training humans. But it was written by an animal trainer. And he talked about how the some animals that only respond to positive reinforcement. That's all they respond to, right? Like dolphins, with example. You can't whip a dolphin like you can with a tiger because as of now, whip stone work underwater. I'm sure Elon is working on the way to whip a dolphin. So what they do is they feed that dolphin. They catch a dolphin, do it some right. They get them off a treat. They keep doing it next to your mouth with a jump at the hoops. Going upside down, doing all types of shit. And you can actually train people like that. But you'd also negatively train them too. If you negatively train force what you were in the first example, my mom, she says I don't call her enough. When I do call her, was the first thing she does. All right, she says, oh, you never call. You never call. All right, I actually did the thing she wanted me to do is she negatively re-enforcement. What do you think that makes me want to call her more or less? You know, now she was like, yo, oh my god, I'm so glad you called. You know, and she was happy and excited. That would be positive reinforcement. And I'd probably be more likely to call her more freely. That makes sense. When you catch the people around you doing something that you went to do more of, you need to positively re-forcement the way you do with a dolphin. And then the way you know, you know, they'll start doing it more. You can understand? You can actually train people with just positive reinforcement. You don't even have to do negative reinforcement as much, right? Obviously, some of the greatest you might negatively re-enforcement. Can't do positive reinforcement too much. You can do negative reinforcement too much. We learned that from Chris Brown. Too much negative reinforcement is going to be a bad for the re-enforcer. When I say catch people doing right, this is employees, children, you know, and anyone around you can catch them doing some right. And then you positively re-enforce it. Right. And then on a subconscious level, they'll want to do it more. Next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is it's okay for people to think you're crazy. When I was really working to come up, make money out. I was working so much and I was so obsessed with success. People were telling, man, yo, you need to live a little, you need to relax, you need to chill or you're tripping, you're going to war. And for a second, I thought there was something wrong with me. And you know, I read a lot. So one of the books I had read around the time was relentless by Tim Grover. And Tim Grover had trained Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Dwayne Way, and a number of other NBA superstars, right? He wasn't talking about the training and what they do. He's talking about their mindset. Being obsessed with success is okay. And I read that book. And I was like, you know what? I don't give a fuck if these people say I'm crazy. It looks like I'm on the right path after reading that book and I say, fuck it, I'm going all out. And it worked out well for me. In fact, in fact, me so much, I wrote relentless tattoo on my arm. Kind of set me free. It allowed me to take my foot off the brakes. So don't worry about if regular people think you're crazy, man. If you want to stream success, it's got to come from extreme actions. The next thing I was going to win was that consistency trumps talent every time. It might be someone who's better than you as something or they seem to have some advantages you don't have and you have to work harder than that. Then just work harder than that. It may be more difficult than you. That's okay. Just fucking do it. You know, a lot of videos you say, oh man, this guy doesn't have this. Or this guy doesn't have 30 kids like me. It's like, you know, listen, man. Got some position you're in. If you want the same results, you're going to have to work. It's going to be more difficult for you. You're going to have to work harder. And just work harder, right? Don't complain about it. I wasn't there. No good ads hand, born in South Chicago to blackhead on my dad, blues, brains out. I had to work harder than some people I know who were born rich. You know, fucking cry about it. You just work harder. But if you are consistent, I'm telling you win. Consistency is undefeated. The advantages that they have has nothing to do with your success or your results. The next thing I was going to do is 20, you need to set goals that are impossible for the current version of yourself. So a lot of the people set goals, they set goals that are realistic. They will set goals that they are currently able to accomplish. The problem with that is, this is what you can accomplish. Then you'll set goals here. But if you set goals outside of what you can currently accomplish, what does that mean? That means you have to grow. You have to develop more skills. You have to develop more talents. You have to study more. You become a better person because now you have to grow into the goal. It's kind of like a house plant. If you put a plant in a pot, it will only grow as much as the pot will let it, because the roots can't expand. But what you set goals that are bigger than what you can currently accomplish, what you can do is you have to get a bigger, fucking pot. And that's what you do. You have to become a better person. So when I said my goals, there's so much stuff I had to learn. I had to learn marketing. I had to learn sales. I had to learn customer service. Then I started, I said even bigger goals when I started my business. And I had to start hiring people. So now I have to learn leadership. I have to learn management. I have to learn HR. Now I got to learn about taxes. I get to force me to become a more well-rounded, more skilled individual. But if you don't have any reason to learn these skills, or develop these talents, then you won't achieve in the goal. It's actually personal to the development as well. Next thing I wish I knew in my 20s was you got to prioritize health. So I probably sacrificed some health stuff in my early 20s. And then I realized it was slowing me down. So I said, you know what? I got even though I'm working all these jobs. I got to get another sleep. I got to get at least seven hours of sleep. And that was appropriate for me at the time. And then what happens was when I was working, I actually worked better. Because my mind was clear and I had more energy. And my mood was better. Easy way to slip into depression is to be sleeping. Like a sleep with a thick and move. It causes a variety of psychiatric problems. If you read the book, while we sleep, he worked at Stanford. And he talked about how a lot of psychiatric disorders, congruos were like a sleep. And more sleep actually helped those patients weigh more. Your neurochemicals are more boundless when you sleep. Neuroreparin, Nephrine, dopamine, serotonin, and oxytone. And that's what emotions are made of. Emotions, they're all near hit. They're just different combinations of neurochemicals. Lack of sleep will throw them all out of whack. Our exercise is health, especially sleep. You have more energy. You accomplish more. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s was take calculated risks. One of the I said overconfidence is dangerous, but being a bitch is dangerous too. So you want to take the risk, but you don't want to be overconfident. My risk taking for me looks like this. If I do this, what's the worst that can happen? And I don't try to make myself feel better. I think about what's the absolute worst. Like if everything went wrong, what would that look like? Then I think to myself, can I handle it? If I can't handle it, then all right, let's do it. If I can't handle it, all right, we don't do it. So it's super calculated. And then I take it to step further. If I said I can do it, then I say, okay, what can I do to prevent the likelihood of the worst case scenario happening? Then I put those things into effect. Then I think if it happened anyway, what can I do to mitigate its effects? Right? So now it's like super calculated with the risks. For example, this is a question people always ask me, when should I quit my job, focus on my business full time? Well, for me, I was super calculated about it. I went through that whole protocol, I said, okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to wait to my business is making as much as my jobs. But that mitigated, you know, the likelihood of me of the worst thing happening, me being poor and broke again, homeless, right? That mitigated that. The next level when I said, okay, if the worst did still happen, what can I do to prevent it from really damaging? So I said, okay, what I'm going to do is I'm also, make sure I have six months of expenses say, right? So I got two safety nets, right? One safety net to prevent the worst happening. And then even if the worst did happen, I had a soft place to land and I got six months to get my shit together and that be homeless. It was a risk, but it was super calculator risk. And that's why I tell everyone to do it. And wait to your business making as much money as you really have six months of savings. Take risk, but make sure to calculate. All right. So the number 28 lesson I wish I learned in my 20s, your emotions are your responsibility. Earlier, we talked about how you can impact other people's emotions and we talked about how the decisions people make. Our base often emotions, they feel when they're making their decision. Somebody wants some really bad, they might steal something, right? Because they feel some sort of emotion or somebody may be really angry and they do or say something they wouldn't have said if they were in a commerce state. So even though other people in outside events can have the ability to impact your emotions, you cannot blame your emotions or your behavior on others. No matter what, you have to take responsibility for your own emotions. So a lot of times people say shit to me like, man, you can work on her, but money won't make you happy. And I said, who the fuck was talking about being happy? Being happy and financial success are two different fucking subjects. They don't have nothing to do with each other. I've seen poor people are happy. I've seen rich people are sad and vice versa. I've seen homeless people dance in the street. I saw a homeless nigga take off his shoes on Queens Boulevard. It's dark dancing in the middle of the street, right? He was super happy. I know rich people killed themselves. I know poor people killed themselves. Money's job is not to make you happy. Money's job is to be exchanged for goods and services. That's all money can do. Your emotions are your responsibility. Not an inanimate object like money dipshit. It's not money's job to make you happy. Hey, it's not anyone's job to make you happy. It's not anything's job to make you happy. You can be happy under any circumstances, you know, within reasons. Emotions are not even real. When I say real, they're like the Webster definition of real. Emotions only happen in your fucking head. It's literally just imagination. All an emotion is happiness, sadness, anger, fear. They're just different combinations of neural transmitters. Neurochemicals are going off your brain. These chemicals include, but are not limited to dopamine, serotonin, oxytotin, neuropronephrin, these different combinations of neural chemicals in your brain are what emotions are. Why would you give someone else the power to control what happens in your brain? Why would you give outside circumstances or someone else the ability to control what's going on in your brain? Get money won't make you happy. Nothing shouldn't make you happy. Or make you sad. You need to learn how to control your own emotions, regardless of circumstances. Within reason, right? My focus gets shot, you get your arm chopped off, your fucking best friend is kidnapped. Yeah, you're gonna feel an emotion. Serve that for big events like that, right? Not someone cut you off in traffic. Not I missed my plane, my teen lost the fucking game. Don't let all the fucking bullshit control your most, you have to be stoic, right? You have to be in control of your emotions. The more you can learn how to separate your emotions from your circumstances, the better you'll be. Because what's the alternative? The alternative is that you let everyone else and everything else control your emotions. And now you're not a control. You're literally not a control yourself because you have to remember the decisions people make are based off the emotions they feel when they make the decision. I got some friends who are doing life in prison, right? They killed some people. They were feeling an emotion of anger, rage, and they pulled out the blick and got the blast in, right? Had they been in a different mental state, they would have made a different decision. They'd still be free men. They'd be hanging out with their kids right now. You can't let other people control your emotions because to a certain extent they'll control your decisions. And what you can definitely can do is say, I did this because he made me feel this way. I behaved like this because she made me feel this way or he made me feel this way. It's like, that's soft as fuck. You need to be control of your own emotions. Otherwise you're not a control of your life. Another thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is you're not responsible for other people's emotions. One of the fuckes will always try to say, oh, you made me feel like this and that's why I behaved like that or you did this or you didn't do that. I'm not telling you not to give a fuck about other people. But I'm telling you to don't let them skate, go to you. Right. It's like, no, no, you got to take responsibility for your emotions. If you made a mistake, apologize for trying to make it right. But sometimes you just do what you think is right. People feel a certain way about it. If you feel like you did it right and they try to fucking make you feel guilty because you made a feel to wake, lock them. So I had a mentor in this dude was older than me. He was a mentor. Could do he was having a birthday party and it was in DC. A big birthday party. Right. He's like, yo, you got to come to good birthday party. I was living in New York at the time and I was like, yo, I can't make it. Man, I got to work. This is back when I was working multiple jobs. When I had four jobs, I was working 80 hours a week. You know, to try to take care of my family, my father had just recently killed himself. I'm taking care of my family. And I was like, not man, I got to work. I can't get out of work. You know what I'm saying? Even if I could, I wouldn't. I got to work. I got a responsibility, you know, but happy birthday home. And this is my fucking, it was like super mad at me. For not coming to his birthday party. And I was like, what kind of girl shit is this? As you may have guessed, he's a homosexual. He really tried to make me feel guilty about the man as much as I've helped you. And you couldn't even show off on my birthday party. And I was like, yeah, I don't need this shit. And I just never talked to him again. I was like, I just don't need this shit. Yeah, I'm not responsible for your own emotions. I got shit to do. Also, I would have been hurting myself and my family by telling my boss, amen. Fuck what you talking about. I know I need this job to care my family, but I gotta go to a gay birthday party. Right? Like, I would have put myself in my family's in a bad situation. And he didn't realize or care about this. All he says is just how bad I am. And how I made him feel. And I was like, oh, listen, I'm not responsible for your emotions. Playboy, I'm out. You know, I have two sisters, right? They're my older sister. She yelled at me once for something. She wasn't even correct, right? She was made some assumption. And she was like, yeah, let me. And I'm like, oh, no, no, no, no. I don't need this. First of all, she was wrong, right? So I couldn't have been responsible for her emotions. Everything I did was wrong, right? And she found out she was wrong. And she was still like, whatever she was still man, I'm like, yeah, that's not my responsibility. You can't take responsibility for other people's emotions. Because most people have very little control over their emotions. That brings me to number 30. You can control your emotion. So you're not responsible for other people's emotions. And you had the responsible for yours. So how do you do it? How do you control your emotions? Just three ways to control your emotions. One is which your environment. If you go to a different place, different location. For example, if you're on the beach, you're probably gonna feel different than if you win a war zone. Or a more subtle example is you ever like clean up your room or your house and then you just feel a little better in there. They get environment can affect your emotions. But not even just your geographic location environment, but also the people you're around. Emotions are contagious. And as much as you want to do your best to let outside of it and so are people affect your emotions. It's easier if you cultivate your circle better. And the studies, the back of the sun's the studies, the back of the emotions can be contagious. So you wanna make sure if anybody's bringing negativity around you, fuck them. You know, I have a very little tolerance for the bullshit. You come around me with the bullshit you gotta go. The next way to control your emotions is your physiology, the way you move. The way you hold yourself. And you see somebody's depressed when they look like a bitch. But if you do this long enough, you'll start feeling the emotions right? So motion creates emotion. And the studies, the back, the stuff, the way you hold your body, the way you walk. Even the tone, the alley, your voice. Not only is it a reflection of your emotions, but it also controls your emotions. If you start laughing as much as possible, you will start to feel happy, even if it's fake laugh at first. If you go to the gym, you're gonna feel better. I keep a trampoline on my balcony if I really don't feel good, it's time to get on the trampoline. Back in my office in New York, when I didn't like the energy and the office, when we all worked together, everybody stopped. Got to get on trampoline, because you can't smile, listen, wanna trap the lead, man. So motion creates emotion. Watch how you carry yourself. How you talk, you know? If you start to behave in a certain way, as if you had the emotion, you'll start to feel that way. And the most important way to control your emotion is focus. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel. Whether it's real or not, if you got a pet right now, imagine your pet walks and sit around slowly, don't like. You could tell us on May, right? He looks at you from the ground. He's shaking a little bit of your go. And then crawls over, start having the seizure, right? All right, now stop imagine, it's pet is not this fine, it was just pretend, it was make believe. Some of y'all got sad just thinking about it. It wasn't even real. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel, even if it's not real, there's something you wanna buy, but there's not enough money, instead of saying y'all, I ain't got enough money, say y'all need to get more money, right? Cause one is gonna make you feel different. It's like man, one, I ain't got the money for that. You were feel like a bitch, but if you say, I need to get more money. It's the same thing, but the focus is different. Instead of focusing on the lack, it's focusing on what the fuck you're gonna do about it. It's like, oh man, I wanna build my following man, I ain't got enough followers, I ain't got enough followers, like no, I need to get more followers. One sounds like a motherfucker waving his white flag, like a bitch, the other one sounds like a motherfucker who's ready to go, who would you bet on? The motherfucker say, oh man, I ain't got enough, or a motherfucker says y'all gotta find a way to get enough. That change of focus, a perception, which changes how you feel. And just anything you think about, think about the positive thing, think about the good things, think about the things you have, instead of the things you lack. Copinance comes from competence. A lot of the time people tell you, man, just be confident. It has dummy advice. Right? Cause if you are confident in something that you don't have skills in it, right? Like that's like schizophrenia, right? That's like crazy shit. You know, like I never did no plumbing. I never plumbed nothing. I ain't a Mario brother, but it's, so why should I have confidence in doing my own plumbing? I said, if I had confidence, that I could do plumbing, and I've never even seen a wrench in person. Use wrench as the plumb shit, right? I don't know, maybe. That's how much I know about plumbing. I don't even know what the tools are to use the plumb. But if I had confidence in my plumbing abilities, that would be fucking crazy. Motherfucker, I don't even look under it's thinking years. I don't know shit about it. Why should I have confidence in it? But let's say my daddy was a plumber. And his daddy was a plumber. He used to take me on plumbing jobs with me. When I was a kid, it used to plumb together. And I did that to like, use this plumber tools. I had to handle this plumber tools when he was plumbing shit. And then I went to plumbing school, valedictorian, a plumber in school, man. And I had all this fucking confidence, then it would make a lot of sense for me to be confident in every guard. But the reason most of you guys don't have an overall confidence in yourself is because you have been shown yourself to be competent in anything, right? You're breaking promises that you make to yourself every day. You're never doing this stuff, that you say you're gonna do. You're never following the plans. You say you're gonna do a diet, you don't do it. You say you're gonna start working out, you don't do it, right? You say you're gonna start a competition in these goals and working on them, but you don't do it. You are showing yourself incompetence. You have displayed incompetence. So why should you be confident in yourself? But once you start keeping the promises, you make to yourself, dang it, and day out. You start building a track record of it. You're saying, oh man, I start a track record of you hitting your goals. Building habits that will serve you in what you're trying to accomplish. And what happens is, you have a track record you're like, yeah, I can do this. Well, if I say I'm gonna do something, I do it. You start to believe in yourself, and they get you a kind of confidence, you can't bake. You only have to tell anybody about it. They'll know it when they see it, they'll fill it, they'll fill it. They'll fit it. That's why someone important to start tracking your habits and tracking your goals. In the description, I had something called the Victory Vision planner, right? And in there, there's a habit tracker. You can start tracking your habits, you can set up whatever habits you want, and you can start tracking them, right? And you can set, you can plan out your goals, right? And you can start tracking your progress in it. And there's a video on it that explains how to use it. And the beauty of that is, once you start having a record of you displaying confidence, you know? Then you start to really believe in yourself in the different kind of way, man. You really start to have more confidence in yourself. The 31st thing I wish I knew when I was 20 was protect your energy at all costs. And don't waste it on negativity. There's been a lot of times in my life where there was something I was working on and I got distracted by some sort of negativity. Some, either somebody brought some drama in my life or somebody said or did some, took me up my path, cause either I'm engaging with them or I'm spinning the block on these motherfuckers. Or I'm just thinking about it. At worst, I'm thinking about what happened. It's super important that you protected it because remember, the decisions people make are based off the emotions they feel at that time they make the decisions. So if I'm in some sort of bad mood because of some negative energy, I'm liable to make bad decisions. Under those circumstances, for example, let's say you're a dead. And what you wanna do is you wanna be a good father to your children or some shit. These are your kids. So you gotta take action to accomplish this, right? You have to do something. So let's say your action is you wanna spend time with your kids. But if you are in a bad mood when you take the action, you think those kids are gonna have a good experience, you might fuck around to do more harm than good. Under those circumstances, right? But if you're in a good mood when you're spending time with your kids, that's gonna be a better experience for you and the children. That was just a simple example to everyone who's gonna understand. It's like that would everything, right? If you have to go to work, right? If you're in a bad mood while you're working, your action won't be as effective. If you ever had to work with somebody who's in a bad mood who's all pissed off, right? Then that applies to your work with. Then I'd bring it up to morale at a team. But if somebody's in a good mood, they bring the whole teams more out of that can be you. I support for you to protect your energy, right? For this example with the kids, if the dad's all mean, right? He's gonna put the kids in a bad mood, not a crime to shit, but he's in a good mood. He can kid's up throwing him in the air, having fun, with the kids, no drizzling. Then the kids are gonna be in a good mood because energy is a contagious. So that's why you got it. For check your energy and stay away from negativity. Even if it's family, I'll care who it is. One of the 48 laws of power is, stay away from the unhappy and unlucky. I don't care who it is. The next thing I wish I knew in my 20s is the importance of building a strong personal brand. In my 20s, there was no such thing as a personal brand. The internet hadn't came out yet. There was no social media, really, except for. The Facebook was just about to start. There was my space. There was some called Black Planet, but that was just for, you know, finding black bitches to have sex with. That's all that was for. And it was an effective strategy in the early South Africa, from beyond the South Africa. The personal brand will take it to the next level. And we've seen this on massive scales. For example, we've seen people become building in there's of the strength of their personal brands. For example, Kylie Jenner, right? She became one of the most volatile people on the internet. And as she came out when I make a brand, as she became a building there. Same with Kim Kardashian. Remember that the family who became building there is just of the strength of their personal brand. Not even necessarily having a talent. And this is something new. And I don't mean that it's disrespectful because building your personal brand is the talent. I've known so many people have used their personal brand to make millions of millions of dollars. In fact, I'm one of them. In fact, I'm doing it now. So when you want to get good at something, learn something and then start teaching it, or using social media to help people accomplish their goals, you start building your personal brand. You can build a business off of that. I didn't know that when I was 20. I would have started this earlier if I knew this was going to happen. It's the new business car. Your Instagram or your YouTube page is better than a business car. And when people want to find out about you, even if you're not trying to be an influencer, people want to find out about you they're going to go with you. What's going to come up? Yeah, Instagram. It's your new call in car. And you should take it seriously. The days of I don't have a social media. Those days are over. Right now, if you don't have a social media, it's like why you're a weird or you're strange. It's kind of like in the early 2000s when people who said, oh, man, I don't have an email and do email. Those people were weird. That's what it's like. What is the brand now? The next thing I wish I knew, you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. You won't rise to your ambitions. You're going to fall to your standards. So sometimes people ask me, Brandon, how can you track your macros every day and make sure you work out every day? Like, how do you stay so consistent? Because it's a standard. It's not an idea. It's not something I want to do. It's a standard. That would be like me asking you, how do you make sure you bathe every day? Or you brush your teeth every day? I know that resonates with most of you. The stinky is among you. I won't know what I'm talking about. But most of you have the standard that you're going to bathe every day. You're going to take care of your dental hygiene as well. So there's the difference between a good idea and a standard. But the problem is, an ambition is different than a standard. An standard is bathe and brushing your teeth wearing killing clothes, feeding your pets, feeding your kids. An ambition is something like, oh, that's just what I want to do. This is just a good idea. I should start working out every day. That's why I don't like when people say, the work, try. And they say, oh, man, I'm trying to post every day on social media. You fucking try it? You want you a try baby? If when you say, try, that's how I know it's not a standard. And that's how I know you're probably going to fail. Because you don't try to feed your kids every day. You feed your kids every day. You don't try to walk the dog every day. You walk every day. So it's my fucking own shit on the bed. You don't try to brush your teeth every day. You brush your teeth every day. You're not a tribe baby when it comes to those things. But the other stuff when you start saying, try, I know it's not a standard. And I know the likelihood of you accomplishing that is very, very slim. Because we won't rise to our ambitions. We will fall to our standards. Whatever our standards are, we will do the things that are really standard. Clean clothes, clean house. If that's a standard for you. So the key is to be consistent or to accomplish your goals is to change your ambitions into standards. We don't want to raise our ambitions. We want to raise our standards. We don't want to raise the ceiling. We want to raise the floor. Like how low we will go. So when people say, man, I'm trying to make 10k a month. You're probably not going to do that. You need to set a standard that you will not accept less than 10k a month. And that's going to be different. You're going to hit that with a different sort of intensity. Because it'll be a standard. You will do what it, what it takes. So when people start to ask you, hey, man, how do you work so hard? How do you stay consistent? How do you do this? You just say, oh, it's a standard. I raised my standards. I no longer accept less from myself. Instead of trying to see what I can get away with now, I want to see how far I can push myself. Now, I want to see what I made of instead of seeing what I can get away with. And that's what will change everything. Next thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is to be demanding of yourself. Yet, tolerant of others. You see this with a lot of young guys. They start getting into personal development or working out or anything. They start getting into anything. And they immediately want to start proselyizing and teaching the shit to everyone. And they want to start holding everyone they meet to these new standards they have. They want to their girlfriends to work out. How do I get my girlfriend to work out? How do I get my girlfriend to start eating right? How do I get my friends to do all this shit? You don't. I don't give a fuck what my girlfriend eats. You know, she's in the dog. She can make your own decisions. I'm tolerant of her beliefs and her dietary preferences or her life choices. As long as they don't conflict with my morality or my standards. But I'm demanding to myself and I'm tolerant of others. So I might be with people in their eating candy and cake. And I don't say nothing. I'm just chilling. I'm not telling them, oh, you shouldn't eat that. You shouldn't do that. I'm not trying to scold them. I'm not trying to tell you why I should do stuff. But a lot of times you guys do this. You're trying to convert strangers when you first get into something because you're super excited about it. You're the guy who always wants to talk about reps and sets with everybody you meet. You don't do that. Everyone hates that guy. Everybody beat themselves. Unless they ask you for help, they ask you for help. That's different. But let everybody beat themselves. But you got to be super demanding of yourself. And just let everybody live the way they want to live. I might make a joke that once I'm not so neat and in candy. But that was just a joke. Like I didn't really give a fuck. You know, I'm not checking me. You don't need what's your macro today, man? What's your macro? Let me see. I don't really care. I might say something funny, but it's a really care. Like my girl. She might just bust out of sneakers in the middle of the day. I wouldn't put that in my body. But she does all types of stuff I wouldn't do. You know, I'm saying, I'll not suck the key, the right? So like I can hold it in my standards. So let other people live the life that they feel is like appropriate for them. It's not your job to judge them. And their standards and goals are the same as yours. You shouldn't hold people to your own standards. But you should definitely hold yourself to your standards. Number 35. Being too good at negotiating can be a bad thing. So I got really good at sales and negotiation. Over course, my life, my dad was a sales meet on me a lot. I've been doing sales in one form or another since I was a kid. I got really good at sales and negotiating as well. The problem is you can get too good at it because we're working with this other company and we're working on a project. I negotiated with them, but I got really good. And it became like a game to me. So I was making sure I got the best deal possible for me in my team. And I did. Because they were left with not enough for them to be excited or incentivized to work hard. So I got what I want in the short term, but not in the long term. Because in the long term, I wanted them to work hard and be super focused on the goal. I negotiated their stake in the project to be so little that their performance was lackluster and needed in care. And the project actually failed. And I believe it was my fault because they didn't have enough incentive anymore. So now when I negotiate, I make sure when I'm doing something with someone, if we're going to a partnership, it has to be a win-win. And sometimes I make sure they get more. Sometimes I negotiate in a way where I may overdo it or overpay them if I need them to do a lot more work than me. Or if I need them to be locked in, you know, because I'm within the work hard and I want them to be incentivized. So don't focus on getting the best deal for you, think about the best deal for everyone and it will work out better for everyone. Number 36. Be kind to everyone because you never know who they will become. I remember I was at Tai Lopez's house. This was a long time ago when he was first doing me in my garage commercial. I met Tai and he had a team there and it was his dude there. And I was super cool when he was working for Tai. He was like one of his assistants or salespeople. But he was like a lackey for a better turn. He was somebody who's just working there. But I've always made sure I'm cool with everyone. I'm talking about fucking janitors. I'm nice to waiters. I'm nice to motherfucking the camera man when I'm working with other people literally everyone because you never know who they're going to become. And I remember this dude from Australia. He was like working for Tai. But I was super cool when he asked me questions when we started talking. I was super kind and all that. You know, I was cool to me. Next thing I know, this dude started a million dollar company. What do you learn from Tai? He became cool after that. Now I just saw him a few months ago and his company is making a million dollars a month. He went from being ties lackey to now. He's got the company making a million dollars a month. You never know who people are going to become. And when I was talking to him, he gave me some advice. Now imagine if I just dismissive of him 10 years ago when I met him or I didn't give him the time of the day or I was like big time this month. Fuck it. I didn't know he's going to do that. I just go out of my way to be kind to everyone because here's the opposite. I remember this girl. I know. The year was 2003. Jamie Foxx was in the club at a club in DC called Dream. Whatever reason he had on third pants. And this girl I know, she was with her friends and her friend wanted a picture with Jamie Foxx and he was kind of me into them and rooted him. And I get it man. Sometimes you just, you don't want to deal with that shit. I guess, right? Till this day that whole group of friends, they won't listen to a Jamie Foxx song. They won't watch a Jamie Foxx movie. And they'll tell everybody who will listen about how Jamie Foxx was addicted to him. I'm telling you all now. About a 20 year old Jamie Foxx being a dick story. Now again, it's some hoes who said it. So take that with a grain of salt, man. Yeah, I'm just saying your reputation proceeds itself, right? Jamie Foxx, I know I'd be on a YouTube channel with a million subscribers to tell them people that he was addicted to some girls in 2003. The next thing I wish I knew when I was 20 is you'll help your friends accomplish their goals. But a lot of times people compete with their friends. They want to do their friends. Or they get jealous that their friends. I want my friends to do better than me. If they're trying to accomplish something that I want to accomplish, I want them to do better to me for multiple reasons. One, study show that the one that the main indicators of a person's net worth is the net worth that their friends. So if your friends start making money, odds are a deal start making more money too because you just around that energy and an environment. But it also gives learn stuff. So I remember, me and my boy Jim, who's both working on this thing, I don't want to tell you what is. But we're both working on this thing to make us money. But Jeremy has started making progress way faster to me. Like super fed. And I was encouraging them every day because he, he was like my Sherpa. As we were trying to climb this mountain, he went up there the hard way, Pauls, and then figured it out. So now when my turn of climbing the mountain, I didn't have to make all the mistakes Jeremy made. I was able to get there way easier because Jeremy went there. So I was helping them out. Whatever you was trying to accomplish because I was learning from his experience experiences is the best teacher. But it doesn't have to be your experience. It costs me way less to accomplish the same goal with less pain because I help Jeremy do it. And another thing, just to get friends, if your friends are really succeeding, it's another form of insurance. I know it's shit, it's the fan, and I got a business. I can just hit up one of my boys, eight men. Let me do something for you, Pauls. Let me run your ad campaign, or let me join your sales team. Let me run your sales team because my friends are super rich. LVU is here for me to land on my feet. In the song, filling it by Jay Z, he said, if every nigga in your click is rich, your click is rugged, no one can fall because everyone will be each other's crutches. You know what I'm saying? So you want your friends to succeed and you should encourage it and help them at any chance you get. It's the best insurance you can have is rich friends that you helped get rich. The next thing I wish I knew I'm 20 is it's a cultivated attitude. I like to call grateful dissatisfaction. So I'm super grateful for everything I have. I think about it all, it's something bad for coming from the South Side of this cago man, and I made it to where I'm at. But I'm not satisfied, I still won't way more. So I'm not satisfied when I'm also super grateful, you want to find a sweet spot in there. You don't want to get complacent, but you also don't want to take for granted what you have. I just want you to think about who does guy want a bless? You think he wants a bless to guy who's not appreciated things. You have to not appreciate the good things in life or do you think God wants to bless the person he's already given some blessings to. Imagine you give your nephew a toy or something like this Iron Man toy. Let's say it give you a nephew or someone in your family, this Iron Man toy. And he's like, I am man. Yeah, whatever man. I fucks with Batman. And he wasn't grateful. How many more toys you're going to give that motherfucker? However, if he was like, even if it wasn't bulls, she's like Iron Man. And if you got like crazy, my my look, I got smid. No. Right, you're going to be excited to give him some else. To give him some more toys, give him some more gifts. How you think God, look at you. When you don't appreciate the stuff you do have, right? You got running water when some of the fuck is drinking out of puddles and shit. Some of the fuck is that? You got a roof over your head when it's my fucking living fucking tin houses and shit. You know what I'm saying? You was born here in America, maybe. Neema had to emigrate here from the sand. I imagine you got your own some sort of magic carpet. I imagine I was one of your wishes when you found the genie. As I imagine, there's only Iranian stories on that. But you really have to be grateful for everything you had, man. But also, it's okay to want more. Good thing I wish I knew in my 20s that emotions are not real. Emotions are not real. They literally all in your head. Emotions are nothing but different combinations of neurochemicals that go off in your head. Help with me. I see Tony, neuropronaphrin, among others. These different combinations of neurochemicals are all that emotion is. This literally all in your head, they do affect how you feel in your decisions. You have to control your emotions. But if you just remember, hey, this is not real. It's not really happening. It's literally all in my head. It makes it easier for you to control it and to change it. Last thing I wish I knew when I was in my 20s is the importance of studying. You have to study way more. Like warm buff, it still reads for hours a day. Bill Gates still reads for hours a day and it's something to richest people in the world. And I'm up. He's a rich man in the world at the time it's recorded. He talks about how he read as much as possible when he was younger. He never wanted to feel like you got it. Like people would say, man, do you read all these books here? Man, I read way more books than this. That's not even counting my Kindle Bro. Or I have twice as many books as this in storage. Because when I moved to Miami, I left some more in storage. And when I keep studying, keep always studying and then new shit is happening. So instead of the new shit stay on top of trends, never get left behind, never feel like you got it always be willing to learn. Hey, if one of the things you want to learn is how to grow your online fitness business, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. If you show you that, you have to grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, the link is in the description down below to now for free. All right?

=== FILE: 5 Brutal Lessons from Failure I Wish I Knew In My 20s [KKxdUUwxFz4].txt ===

In this video, I want to talk about five lessons on how to handle failure and succeed in spite of it. A lot of people come up to me and they're scared of failure. Or maybe they dealt with some sort of failure, some sort of setback, or they're in the midst of some sort of trials and tribulations. You know, it's waning on their self-esteem and their motivation. And I want it to tell you how to get past that. So you can go on and beat the motherfucking shit out of your goals. How you can get past that fear and steal accomplish your goals. Actually, use that failure to propel you to hire heights. Because the truth is you actually need failure in order to succeed. So first thing you need to realize is failure is the precursor to success. One of my favorite books is principles by Ray Daliel. He's one of the richest men in the world. He's founder of the largest hedge fund of all time, the world, Bridgewater Capital. And it is book. He talks about the process of accomplishing goals, right? Because Ray, he learned this because he went through some big failures. I think it was in the 80s or the 90s assumption. He was predicting that there was going to be a recession. He was going on all the shows, all the stock shows, CNBC, that was out then. Just everywhere he was saying, we can't go on in recession. And he bet all his money. And all his investors money that there was going to be a recession. Little did he know it was quite the contrary. In fact, the market went to all time highs and started skyrocketing for the next 10 years. Ray, not only did lose all this money, he had to lay off all those employees. He went broke. He was so broke that he had to borrow money to survive from his wife's dead. Think about that. That's why it proves that. Because I know about when Broganx, my girlfriend's dead for money should have been different. My dad connects my mom's death and money because that nigga wasn't around. Anyway, then that LED dept ex is wife's daddy for money to live and support his wife. He was also embarrassed on the national stage. Think about this shit you feel with. You probably weren't on TV, failing. In front of everybody, you didn't probably lose your money and all your investors money. But he failed and what he realized was that failure was actually an important part of success. It was actually mandatory because he went on to build the largest hedge fund of all time after that failure. But he said it was because of that failure. So his process looked like this. First, he draws this fucking loop and he says the first step of the loop is you set all dace's goals. And then he said the next step is actually failure. But you should expect failure. You should expect to run into trials, tribulations. You should expect to be met with opposition. You should not expect it to be easy. But from that failure, you are going to gather learning principles. Especially if some of you never did before, right? Of course you're going to fail. You never did that shit before. You'll learn some shit, right? Then you start what? Improving. And then that's what you start succeed. Then after that, then you can set more audacious goals. Just so you can start the whole process again. And he says this is what it looks like when you're going up. You keep repeating this process over and over and over again. And only time you stop repeating that process is when you stop saving goals and you stop going after stuff. You stop trying to accomplish new things. So it's a part of you need to fail in order to learn. For example, the big home, Thomas Edison, he failed thousands of times when he was trying to make the light bulb. According to my research, he failed over 2,000 times trying to make this light bulb. But he finally got it. He figured it out. And he said, listen man, I didn't fail thousands of times. I figured out thousands of ways that it didn't work. Think about it. He failed 2,000 times. And he kept going until he figured it out. And as a result, this whole studio is not lit by candlelight. So that's it. But think how many times you want to fuck as give up. Because you failed once. Some of y'all clicked on this video because you were, man, I'm out here. I failed once. I'm sad. I'm about to cry. And this motherfucker built fucking thousand times trying to accomplish this shit. People thought he was crazy. He was making fun of him. He was like, nah man, we all had these lamps wherever. Everyone's wall house going burn down. A village going burn down man. But it's just what we do. Right? That he figured it shit out. But he said he learned. He tells us the way that it didn't work. That's the same process. The homey Ray Ray.lio figured out right? You would, would the failure is a prerequisite for success. And that brings us to the second topic. Failure can be a good thing if you learn from it. For example, my favorite basketball player is Michael Jordan. I'm bias. I grew up in Chicago in the 90s. Before he won any championships, they lost twice in the playoffs. Eastern Conference finals. They lost twice to the Detroit Pistons. Now they were called the bad boy Pistons. Because you need to play like a rough style of basketball like hard vials and NBA was a little tougher back then. People were saying man, you know, Jordan he did good. He's not a team player. That style of basketball will never work. That was the narrative around Michael Jordan. I said, he's a great individual player, but he came with a championship. You know, and that's the kick saying at about him. So what do you do? He learned that, okay, I'm not strong enough to compete at this level with this kind of play. So he went and got the homie Tim Grover to train him. And he needed to become stronger and he needed to be able to take those hard vows and dish out, you know, more aggression as well. And then he went on, you know, the story went on and went six championships. It was because of that failure. Like who knows if he would really want six championships, had he not got beaten by the Detroit Pistons both those times, right? Because they forced him the what? They forced him to become stronger. He learned how to play in that environment. But he didn't know before. But that failure was a was a pretty requisite for his success. And it became a good thing if he watched the last dance. There were people who were saying that had it not been for those Detroit Pistons. The Chicago Bulls would not have been that good. It was almost like training like they needed that. So whatever failure you're going through, I need you to reframe that. As this is the opportunity for you to learn and become better. You found out some ways that the things didn't work. I'm sure you learned something. Dalai Laama said, when you lose, don't lose the lesson. Because if you don't lose the lesson, then you can come back. You can come strong. You can learn from that and make some shit happen as a result. The next tip for dealing with failure is, you'll stop feeling sorry for yourself. Like a fucking punk. Let me tell you, still. At the end of 2007, my dad blew his brains out and committed suicide. It wasn't necessarily my failure, right? But he impacted me, right? You know, it was a part of me doing it to just fucking crumble. Feel sorry for myself, you know? At some point, I realized listen, I'm the man in the family now. I got to take him, my mom, my sister, her kids, you know, helps support my grandma. This way, it does all mean. I was only 24 years old at the time, right? And make matters worse, right after that, the recession of a weight started. When Leem and Brothers crash and his record unemployment in the world, the world financial economy collapsed. So it was a lot going on. It might be a difficult time. I really felt like feeling sorry for myself. And I don't think anybody would blame me if I just curled up and cried, like a bitch or just stayed a bitch. All right, you know what I mean? I really don't think I had a good excuse to be a bitch. But I didn't. There was some inside of me that said, you know, I got to pick myself up and keep going. Those of you all know the story I said it before, but I started waking up at 4 or 4 30 every day, training people in the morning and then I'll shower at the gym, go work, security at the protest store and so I hope for like eight hours. And then after that, I worked for a moving company about days a week. And on the weekends, I woke up early, trained people in the morning and then I worked at a barbecue restaurant in Queens, Steinway Street, right? And these were 12, 14 hour days, man. Seven days a week for like two years. It looked really bad, but you know what man? I was able to take care of the family. I was able to figure it shit out and even though it was difficult, that whole shit made me stronger. Like it made me more resilient. You know, it made me tougher. I don't want to say it did thing, but it was a silver line in that, you know? Like, I really became with Jean. And I used it to my benefit. Like I used it to make myself stronger. Because I was working on those jobs during the recession. After my day at Killed to Self, I made over $100,000 a year, both of those years. I just outworked it. And then I was able to stop doing that when I started my own life business business. And I didn't know how to do that. I failed at that a bunch of times. Nobody teaching me it. There was no books on it. Training someone online was a novel idea in 2009, 2010. And we had to figure it out, but I failed a bunch of times on my way to doing that. But because of what I had dealt with, you know, those failures didn't seem to stop. And I didn't let those failures stop me because of that. And I was able to build a successful online business business where I started making a work, you know, $100,000 a year of my business. And I was able to quit those jobs. Now I teach other people how to start doing online business businesses. You know, in fact, I got a free ebook that has show you how to do it. The link is in the description if you want to download it. Because I didn't have those kind of resources when we had to figure it out on our home. We were to pay in the years. The people were doing it back then. But I say all that to say, once I stopped feeling sorry for myself, I was able to start attacking the goal. I'm a Beyonc doing that two years spent. There were times that I was like probably like suicidal on some real shit, you know. But there's no way I would have did it because I saw how that affected the family. But you know, I just couldn't feel sorry for myself. So I just got up and kept going. That leads me to the next tip on how to deal with failure. The failure you're going through now, they're going to make your story better. Right? If you don't give up and you keep going, and these failures are going to make your story better when you tell it. One of my favorite movies Avengers Infinity War. It is a great movie, but they lost. Right, they lost and that set up the next movie, Avengers Endgame. Imagine how bad that movie would have been if they was like, yo, Thanos was coming to get the souls and they just beat them all easily. Right? That wouldn't be no movie that you wouldn't have watched. That wouldn't be inside it. And movie would be whack. You got to think about your life like a movie and you're the main character. This is the part where Thanos won. Or you get defeated or you got your ass kicked. How's this movie going in? Right? You get the right that script. If you keep you up, I promise me you will succeed eventually. Right? You just got to keep you up because persistence is undefeated. Right? The world is not tough for the person who's not willing to never give up. Tell you. Now, think how we'll fucking whack them movie would have been if they just got beat by Thanos and it was like, man, fuck it. I like half these motherfuckers anyway. The obsession, man, is less people now, man. Maybe Thanos is right. You know what I'm saying? Right? It's going to make this story better. The fact that you're dealing with these difficulties is going to make this story better. You just can't get up. It's okay to switch plant, but never switch goals. If you try something and it doesn't work, cool you find out a way it doesn't work. But you still attack the goal. Like when people say, plant being a lot of times they mean they're going to do something totally different. That's not how you should look at the plant beat. Plant B should be another plant, another route to the same goal. And then you have plants C, plant D all the way to plant Z. And then you start over plant A, one plant A, plant B, one plant, plant B, one plant, you know they can keep going. What if you get there? I'm sure that during World War II, there was another plant. The D day invasion didn't work. If that was unsuccessful, I'm sure there was another plant. But I'm confident that that plant was not. Maybe we just learned a kick you with the Nazis, man. That was Francis plant. They just gave up. But that wasn't a miracles plant. That wasn't England's plant. London was getting bombed. They let Hitler bomb London. But they still ain't give up. They mean they were going to go down fighting. And that's what you got to do, man. But it makes you a story better. And here's the beautiful thing. Everybody loves the comeback story. So I think about the story I just told you about my dead daddy during a recession. Imagine if I didn't have that story and I'd say, yeah, I was born rich. I was always rich. And then I found a way to get some more money. That's not a very compelling story. It's the failure makes you a story better, man. The next tip on how to deal with failure. You got to use failure as fuel. So F Scott Fitzgerald once said, never confused a single defeat with a final defeat. Here's what I said, use it as a full fuel. So you got your ass beat. You got kicked down. Everything looks bad, right? I want you to think about this. So the reason anyone does anything, right? If you need motivation, right? The reason anyone is motivated to do anything. They're either moving towards pleasure or away from pain, right? That deal. You got that pain now. You know what it's like to feel. So next time you're going to go harder, but the beauty is, you got actually experiencing it now, right? Experiences are the best teachers. Now you've got yourself some experience. So now you're better equipped to get up and attack this again and it makes you stronger. Think about it. You need to reframe your brain and say, you go this failure. It's made me stronger. It's made me more resilient. And it did think about the gym when you're lifting weights. If you want to grow muscle, you've got to go to what failure, right? You go to failure. If you happen, your muscle fibers get break down. They tear, but then guess what? They grow back strong. That's you want the fuck it? If you do what you're supposed to do, right? Get back up. You want to use that as few and know that that failure has made you stronger. It's made you more resilient. When my father killed himself is like, but like now, like what can be worse than that. Right? So now I'm stronger. I'm more resilient. You build like a mental calis. Just like that muscle fiber goes back stronger. You grow a Brex stronger. Unless you stay down in a local pump and feeling sore for yourself and you start crying like a hot. You've got to get the fuck back up. You're supposed to go to failure. So you can be stronger. Just like Ray Dowl, you'll see it. What he said, you're supposed to fail, learn. And then come back stronger and say, what? More audacious goals. Right? Just like you live weights. You do bicep curls, you go to failure. Then guess what? You come back stronger. And you fucking progressive overload. You put on wrong way and you go to failure again. It's the same shit rate. Dahlia was saying what his fucking graph. Right? But you're doing it in your life instead of the gym. It's a perfect metaphor. Right? You need to reframe this failure. And be like, okay, this failure is mainly stronger. Not only my more resilient, but now I have more experience and I've learned something from this. And now I'm better equipped to attack this same goal again. And here's the thing. If you keep adopting that and you don't lose that frame of mind, you're going to be invincible. Because every time you get knocked down, you just go come back stronger. Like the Hulk or some shit. You know what I'm saying? But it's only as if you've come at it with that attitude. Almost like you have to be happy that you feel. Because now you learn something and you gain some strength. My edge of those say it once. You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats. So you can know who you are. What you can rise from and you can still come out of it. How do you know what you made of? As you push it to the limit. It's just like in the gym. How do you know how strong you are unless you max out? Max it out. You're going to failure. You had a max out in life. Go to failure. Take the hits. Get back up. Become resilient. Life's not about going through it unscathed. Now, man, that makes you weak. That makes you wet fragile. Or perhaps when you lift weights. If you're not using gloves like a girl, you're going to develop these calices on your hands. Now you can move weights. Strong enough. The first time it hurts is painful. Right? Then you develop these calices. Now you wet your Tupper. You're more resilient. It's the same thing in life. If you afraid of calices, you're going to get strong. It's the same way in life. If you want some more tips on how to accomplish your goals, I got another video that you'll watch right now. They help you accomplish two goals in record time. You're going to take a video right now.

=== FILE: 5 Habits Stopping You From Being Successful [52o2aiVH9ho].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down the five habits that I stop in you from getting money. I'm well suited to teach you this because over the last few years I built several multi-eight figure businesses and I've coached literally thousands, thousands of entrepreneurs. Many of them went on to build seven figure businesses here are the things that I've seen stop in people from actually the accomplices and how you can prevent meeting the similar fate. If you do this it will swoow out the path that you take on your role to richest. Not saying it's going to be easy but it will be easy for you to avoid a lot of pitfalls. If you fail to follow these rules that I'm going to lay down, you're going to set yourself up for a great deal of misfortune, you're probably going to end up pouring alone and if you're not alone, you're going to be whatever woman or female human like creature who will accept your broken ass. In my experience the highest quality women don't like dealing with broke boys poor boys or men who are staggering around the poverty line if they don't have to. While me and the homies kick you with our high quality women you're going to have to deal with the leftovers. The creatures that I left over who crawl through the night should 50% of marriages in the divorces you have a 50% chance of this creature the voice and you taking your half your money and your children from you. I don't want you to end up in that bait so follow these motherfucking rules. The first habit is stopping you from getting to the money it's a waste and time. I am astonished by how much time the average person weighs and because you waste time you waste your potential. The average person is walking around so much potential this untat and it will remain untat because they're not using your most valuable resource with this time. You'll learn to master it and use it to your advantage. In every week there are 160 hours. Everybody's got the same 168 hours but a lot of you guys aren't using them effectively because you're squandering a lot of your time with bullshit as opposed to deploying that time against your goals. The majority of time is filled up with vices, arguing, smoking, drinking, chasing hells just all the vices. So the first thing you need to do to get more time is to eliminate the vices. It took an eliminate the vices. You're going to have way more time to deploy against your goals because a lot of people would be like oh I don't want to work hard because I still got a spintile with my family or I still got enjoy life right but these vices are not helping you enjoy life they're limiting your potential and you will never ever reach your full potential at these vices are monopolizing your time. So the first thing we have to do is eliminate the vices because you have more time and you have less distraction right you have more energy and more mental bandwidth because you have these vices taken up your time. Make a list of all the vices that you engage in that are preventing you from accomplishing your goals and it's very important you have to eliminate them right it's not all through sometimes I do it every once in a while no that's bitch shit you got a draw line in the sand when I stop drinking I'd say hey not drinking them more 10 years ago when I stopped smoking weed I said hey man get shit is slowing me down stopping me from reaching my potential and I just stop 100% not sometimes without a special occasions not on fucking for 20 or Bob Marley's birthday or when there's a school be do marathon or whatever you guys decide you want to smoke weed I just quit 100% and the reason quitting is better than doing it sometimes is because when you engage in this thing sometimes it increases the cravings because now you tease yourself with this shit and now you want it more it's not like you treat yourself sometimes or you everything in moderation doesn't know what happens is you actually give up right and you have to start over you were doing great you were on the path and then you got off the path now you got to get back on and it becomes more difficult but when you quit it's like after a certain amount of time the cravings go away right how do you stop drinking you just stop it's going to be difficult at first and then you get used to it and the cravings go away same thing with smoking weed same thing with any other biases that you're trying to have staying from right I don't do any recreational drugs then it'll bullshit if I do it once I'm a had that craving again and also it depletes it dopamine so you need dopamine in order to attack your goals right dopamine gives you energy but it is is when people say this a dopamine spike that's not really accurate way to assess it really is you have an available pool of dopamine thing by this is like your dopamine trough for some shit right so you got all this dopamine and then you use your dopamine on devices devices to bleach your dopamine but what happens is after you engage when these devices you end up with less dopamine than you had before and that's why after an all night rager for whatever the kids are calling it right it's more difficult the next day to do something boring like if you were out smoking weed getting drunk fucking random people all night you're going to wake up tomorrow and do accounting for your business right you're not going to have as much dopamine to do it right it it dopamine fuels ambition but you have less of it because devices cause those dopamine spike and then you left below baseline dopamine will replace with rest and time however what happens is people keep engaging in these devices cause they're addictive right and they never get their dopamine levels to go back to baseline and this is where people end up lacking motivation this is why vices are so sinister they waste your time and then they rob you of your motivation right i have a whole video I wanted to check out about dopamine but it's very important you got to manage it dopamine levels and you can't be spiking them especially with with unnatural vices like drugs and alcohol so first thing you're going to do is a quick your vices it does 100% to stop doing them and this is delayed gratification if you wanted to do this shit like way later in life after your rich and successful and it comps your goals hate us like and if you do it you can get a better version of it for example if i wanted to slow weed now i can get the best weed available own earth cause i'm rich and i got the next is i can get the best weed that said it has shit with sticks and seeds the jaws smoking but one of the good drug i drink and palm a sign or some fucking cheap alcohol i can go get the best shit you know it's somewhere where i don't drink right a better example was you know when i was first really on my grind to make my first million i stopped watching like basketball i watched the sports and i love basketball the football you knew that cause i was black and i stopped watching it and he is a concentrant i needed to vote that time towards my goals now i go to basketball game i go to games and when i go i think work side my boy he's got season tickets at a sweet so we put up to the sweet can have a better version of it was your successful if you've been delayed gratification you have a better version of if one of your vices is women do you think you can get better women once you accomplish your goals you can't even get it around the fucking hottest women in the world if you broke yeah you can fuck a new jersey 7 if you broke but you want to be out of fucking Miami 9 the 10s you ain't even got access to these holes unless you got a certain kind of status unless you accomplish something what you make it you can fuck better bitches if you've been delayed gratification but you waste in your time and you're dopamine on six is man does another part of wasting time is you actually have to use your time more effectively now remember people say i don't want to turn but there's a hundred and sixty eight hours and every week probably not using it time more effectively so you got to plan every hour of your date in your calendar let me show you what my calendar it looks like because i got some really aggressive goals here's my calendar every hour of every day is accounted for i got my wake up time when i'm a dude soon as i wake up all my workout but when i'm a dude every hour it ain't like look at today that right now picked a result podcast i'm right here but there was only like a little bit of white space in the calendar now live out my calendar and this white space here is gonna get filled up tomorrow morning when i plan my date third of days already book third of the friday seven days already book now imagine if you live like this how much further you can get if you use your time more effectively dry i have whole videos on how to use your calendar more effectively but this is a cheat code in life this is how i became successful if you take one thing for me it's planned out every hour of every day in your calendar and use that hour and deploy it against your goals use that time to change victory this how you start laughing motherfuckers you do this shit for a year i promise you with motherfuckers with look at things like you a different person and you can plan everything it doesn't have to just be work the beauty of the calendars and can choreograph your whole life so i got time with my girlfriend and you're got time with my son and you're i got time with my friends i got sleep time i got anytime i got my workout everything this important is in the calendar some people think it's weird to plan time with your family or to plan time with your friends or to plan time with your girlfriend it's uncommon and maybe it is a little strange but it is for me i think the number of it's in my calendar because it's important this shit does not in my calendar is not important call a duty mobile it's not in my calendar you're saying smash bros not in my calendar right because it's not what important the important shit should be in your calendar and the beauty of it using your calendars you can choreograph your life maybe you don't want to work as much as me even if you just want it more time with your family starting to use your calendar plan out every hour every day you'll find more time to spend with these muffins i can look at your calendar and i can tell you future and most of your shit is blank and that's why you ain't never gonna be successful and it's not weird what you get to different levels once you get to high levels like my millionaire friends when we want to do some of the gather one of us is going to send the calendar in bite almost all the time it seems normal to you because you and all your friends are poor boys you ain't out getting yai millionaires but at the high levels this is what it looks like my boy Jeremy he makes like a million dollars a month and we were talking about going to dinner get let's get the girls and go to dinner like his girlfriend and my girlfriend was all gonna go to dinner together right he's like win all like i gave me some times it worked for me and then he said where you want to go all like smash trolls you know again you know my favorite restaurant and then i got a calendar invite from him like bet i was excited to get that it's normal what the super high levels tell you this is how you set yourself apart and here's the thing we want to talk about in the mid-80s and vices right you don't have to go through fucking no crazy whoops oh should i do a dopamine detox or a ayahuasca retreat whatever the motherfucking nerds is telling you to do fuck that shit bro just crowd it out right look at my calendar when am i gonna do some bullshit i don't even got time to chase no holes if that's the type of shit i was on when i'm a smoke weaning get high you just crowd it out you don't even have to do nothing exotic to eliminate vices just crowd it out replace it with other shit and you do it over a long enough period of time the cravings go away and this would become normal anything you do is have it for me one more thing you can do to get more time is to actually buy time so i'm in my boy damn or tell he was on a podcast he wrote a book called buy back your time and i was telling me this is a philosophy that i've been implementing my whole life and people were clowning me on it right because i would say that i pay people to do things so i can get more time back i guess once the white man comes out with a book about it everybody thinks it's cool right then then it's fine now it's a best seller when he talks about it but when i say it i get ridiculed but there's my boy so i'm glad the mess is getting out there you can buy time first thing your business but also in your personal life like dance book is about buying back time your business i think you should start with your personal life you know let's say you're making you know you're hourly rate from your business so you're side hustle whatever let's say you're making $50 an hour from your side hustle that's your hourly rate boom right you want to clean your house it takes you two hours and now you could do it yourself right but what if you paid someone to do it this is a good clean your crew for $30 an hour cool man she got some reviews the man people would do this if it's cheap man so we're gonna go with this chick now let's say instead of paying her $30 an hour to clean your crib you clean yourself how much money did you say think about it some of you are thinking oh i say $60 no asshole loss money because if you make $50 an hour it can someone else to clean it it's $60 right but instead if you pay someone $60 an hour right and you work during that time while they clean it that's what i do i'm gonna have a of fucking team of immigrants in here cleaning it tomorrow because of big crit and i'll be working all the time and pay $60 but you make $100 an hour right boom that leaves you with a net of $40 boom you bought some time you made $40 you if you know it yourself you lose $40 these numbers get big let's say your hourly rate is a hundred dollars an hour then the number start getting crazy right but you can make $200 to a no $2 boom now you make $140 right so if you did it yourself you wouldn't say you fucking $60 it would cost you $140 that's what i'm saying by time i did this before i was rich right i was doing a little more story my father committed suicide when i was 24 it was 2007 was right before the recession started in 08 with lemur brothers and on a shit crash we had record unemployment people with massive degrees was working at Starbucks so i couldn't even get a job even though i had a college degree so i just started working mad hours per day 80 hours a week right i woke up at 4 a.m. training people morning then i shouted in the gyms went to the protestor worked at the protestor for eight hours then i worked from my boys moving coming after it right and then on the weekends i would train people in morning and managed uh barbecue restaurant and queens it was on style way street those years all just because i was working i made fucking six figures two years right i had to buy time i still had to clean my house i still had to prep my food i started online training while i was doing that so i needed to buy even more time so there's only so many hours that age day because when i talk about working a lot people would be like oh man put what about fucking food and clean and then all this shit what about using the bathroom is like shut up first about you know you're in the fucking bathroom 20 hours of least shut up right but you do gotta do other shit you gotta clean let's say you gotta cook so you gotta do what laundry you gotta wash dishes listen none of this shit makes you money right none of this shit is helping you accomplish your goals right if you start making some progress and you get your hourly rate to a point the first thing you need to do is stop doing laundry this is one of the first things i did it to him i just hit up and there was this fucking Asian place and in queens and chinese do will come pick up my laundry and bring it back it was better than what i would do because he would fold it you know when i was i fell under where my life probably not right here before it and the socks would all match they do a better than me but i can work why this motherfuckers doing my laundry i stopped cooking boom you can get meal prep you can order food tell man people's been so much time cooking i stopped cooking and i stopped getting groceries right and groceries i needed i just had it delivered they had fresh direct was the first people doing that shit but the grocery store about a cred means to do it i had it delivered and i can work during that time i didn't cook i did meal prep you know little shit that i would need motherfuckers i don't know man cheese or some shit it would be the sardines all means i had that shit delivered then i would have a meal prep boom being stopped doing this is this when i was starting out and i had other people doing this shit right i didn't watch dishes i just bought all fucking paper and plastic shit we're about the environment shut up all right we're trying to get rich you fucking washing your fort ain't saving the wheels stop playing if you really care about the fucking wheels make some money and you can do whatever you want me and save all the wheels man i stopped watching dishes and i stopped cooking and i stopped cleaning when i was task grabbing it was even cheaper and queens than it is in Miami because it's based on location i was getting this shit for like $20 an hour and now i bought time back it only works though if you use this time to go after your goals you could do it to spend more time with your family right whatever you want to do you just don't need to be doing the shit that's not helping you towards your goals right all i want to do is make money and spend time with my friends and family there's all all things i really want to do everything i do in needs to be in pursuit of those objectives and cooking fucking cleaning groceries you don't have to do that you can pay someone else to do it you might say you lazy no dumbass i'm doing it so i can work more even now when i was in Manhattan New York i didn't drive because i could work in the Uber i closed deals and over people would make fun of me for that man but you know my son lived in queens and i lived in man it would be like 45 minutes drive each way maybe hours is traffic fucking two hours i'm gonna work those two hours and just take a Uber i'm netting normal money even though i spent money to buy it time i'm netting money and you support naughty people man the chico cleans our create man she has her own company and she hires a bunch of other chicks and she's got a family you know i'm saying like we help support our family we help support the economy right these people go after the delivered the Uber eats sort of groceries or do the laundry bad we support these people man you have to say like you support the economy you help it other businesses you help other people out and do it yourself to save money poor people focus on save the money rich people focus on saving time because we know that time is more value the next thing this holding you is you're not tracking your income and you're not tracking your spending so here's how you get rich you make more than you spend and you invest the difference and over a long enough period of time you will get rich that's what i did i made more than i spent for but in almost 10 years i don't know exactly when i made my first million dollars i remember the exact date because i'm oak but it was my early 30s i started grinded like this at 24 after my follicular self i made more than i spent right watch my old videos i wasn't aware of which are meals cardier brace i was wearing a apple watch some Jordan's and some joggers and i did that shit for fucking years oh back watch some know was i'm living in the small department in Queens and when i when i started making some some real bread i moved it to the upper west side but i was still living well below my means right i was a fucking million there when i moved to the upper west side right so fucking i was living in Queens when i was grinded and let me just show you the power it is so this is the cop-out interest calculator let's say $2,000 a month the say star with two grand and you invest $2,000 a month how do you get $2,000 a month remember i said man fucking work man work more work more by time do you can work more right you do just sit for a fucking 20 years just s p five hundred nothing exotic what's her on s p five hundred is about ten percent do you do that for 20 years when you were milling there if that you was a million air that year eighteen every so much i do an example some dumbass is what about inflation shut up a million dollars a million dollars even if it's not worth as much fucking 20 years from now you will be happy you had a million dollars and if you're so concerned about inflation it stands the reason you really need to make more money dumbass that's for your dumbass comment you would think about leave and go fuck yourself i hate you all right that's more than it's not even like real money what i want you to do is to really track every dollar you make it every dollar you spend i just ask entrepreneurs how much money you make last month and they don't even know bro you you'd be surprised how many on the how much money you spend last month more fucks it be like i don't know i used to use some shit called mint dot com i got videos from ten years ago talking about using mint dot com where i track every dollar i spend and every dollar make now mint dot com closed down the we use um monar we track every dollar we make every dollar we spend and we make sure we cut in the bullshit and we make sure we we track in our spending because we get measures he's managed if you can't measure you can't manage it listen i ran one entrepreneur through the shit and we found this is more for six thousand dollars on bitches in like less than a year and not like prostitutes like flybitch's places going on day it's the end by it's shit he didn't even know he spent that much it's super eye opening when i run entrepreneurs through this bayway and once you had that set up then you're going to use a was called NBA accounting the reason i don't know exactly the forward year i made my first million we knew we made a million but when i looked in my bank account i didn't have a million dollars in it i knew i had made a million dollars in revenue but it wasn't in my account like we're not a money go and i was like fuck i need to be on a better way so i read a book called profit first and that talked about how to fix things for my business but i needed one from my personal accounting too and this is what it looks like you want to have five accounts so you have account number one which is your income so a hundred percent of your money goes in here and it doesn't matter what the sources are from you can be from your job side hustle you got different side hustles you know for me i got different businesses i got different revenue streams all of them going to say in my account this is what money gets collected there's no on a man who pay me coming out of his account there's no debit card associated with it is just the collect at the money then you distribute that money into four other accounts and these accounts are your investment account remember you got to make more you spend and invest a difference so you got to put that money aside then you have operations right this is the account you live out look this is where you have your automatic payments or you do all you spend and it's out of here then you have one for taxes because Uncle Sam won't get that money you then you have one for baller i'll explain what all these is so investments whatever your investment vehicle is remember to get rich you got to make more than you would spend and invest a difference so we got to put that money aside first this is going to be 50 percent of your income goes in here you may be thinking damn i can't make that much shut up you'll be working 80 hours a week i'll explain how that works unless you got like 30 kids or some shit i didn't tell you to have all the kids should use the kind of tool for you now all right just give up anyway 50 percent of your income gets invested this is why it's called NBA account in South Britain never broke again if you invest 50 percent of every dollar you make you can't go broke that operations 30 percent so we're going to be living off 30 percent of your income i can't do that well with dumbass you're going to make more money and you're going to be tracking all your spending so you can cut the unnecessary expenses you fucking dumb in taxes taxes are going to be 15 percent some people say men as too low right no i'm in the 37 percent tax bracket and i let New York state to evade i mean save money on taxes right you see this while living in those bathing come tax for my federal tax about 30 percent but what you have a business you get a lot of right also you got a fire as a counter like me you make it more if you want who is a right then baller account 5 percent this will you go spend on dumb shit you got a reward yourself well i can't you buy this when you buy self buy self watch get you a coaching belt get some Jordans shit you don't need you know i'm saying what it is this makes you fucking work harder if you add doing anything after pernourio because damn you can only live off 30 percent of your income so that means what you got to make more money every dollar you make remember you put in more side investments that's what what how you get rich and then you're covering IRS and then you can buy in kosh is so let's say man you want to buy you fucking kucci belt is 400 dollars and you can get yourself the kucci belt man just know that you have to make $8,000 to afford it and that's okay 400 is 5 percent of eight thousand so you got to make $8,000 to buy that kucci belt no problem but the beauty of that is you end up putting $4,000 in your investment so when you do that so this is a vote of motivates you to make more money and now check this out and maybe thinking man i can't do this i can't do this yes you can nika let me show you so the average american makes $50,000 a year it may be changed by the time you watch this video right but the average american also works less than 40 hours a week like according to actuals bureau of labor statistics there's that say that the average american works about 37 hours per week we're going to work 80 hours a week remember we talked about using a calendar and by and time you may be thinking man i can't work 80 hours we're going to buy a time you're going to use your calendar let me show you how this work so listen asshole there's 168 hours in every week you work 80 hours a week you still got 88 hours left but of course you got a sleep if you sleep 8 hours a night i'm not telling you to set the right sleep that's 56 hours right boom we should check that from the 88 boom now you are left with 32 hours boom you still got time to fuck around play grab ass you know do whatever you want with those 30 hours i don't give a fuck what you want to do man what about sleeping what about fucking grocery resources i told you a Domace to stop doing this it early you're right now you can you can spend all those 32 hours with your kids if you want or your family you won't focus any spending 32 hours a week which kids now i know that unless they fucking babies you not doing it now fucking kids got asleep like 10 12 hours a night like cats then they go to school then they got homework after school programs sports their own fucking friends they don't want to take you with your OS like that you ain't got 32 hours to spend with your kids now it even if you did they wouldn't want to spend that much time which would they got shit to do kids is busy man my son just got his second belt with his with the numchucks hang out time to be fucking around he got roadblocks to play he got school after school programs hey you got shit to do he he got 32 hours to spend with with me you know and that's good you should be busy he out here balling for a little kid yeah he got legos to build i mean we be built and legos together don't get it fucked up me and we be building shit all tights just sit you could never dream about naked anyway spend as much time you still got 32 hours do the do whatever you want it's just mad but that and that's where the calendar comes in fucking planted here's your calendar if your calendar no look like mine shut the fuck up man you don't even know him stumbling you have if the average american is working fucking just 40 hours a week making 50 is stay as a reason hey you work 80 you should be able to double that shit now we go to that cop-out interest calculator let's put in some fucking real numbers you the double that shit six figures that's what i did during the recession after my father killed himself i just worked mud the fucking labor jobs fucking security working from moving companies managing to rest around sometimes i had the fucking cooking clean we at the fire motherfuckers you know i just did that shit in person training i made six figures you can dork a recession you can do it too motherfucker in you invest half of it full one six six right boom calculate that shit oh shit 20 years you were fucking multi millionaire also real shit you made your first million and ten years and that's what fucking modest returns average returns if you invested in something like your business you could really fucking turn this shit up but whatever let i'm being as modest possible that's what it takes right you really want to get rich it's gonna take it like ten years unless you do something super risky you you know that's what i did you want a ten years now i'm rich make more than you spend in investor difference the more you make above what you spend the more you have the invest the more profit you have the longer you do it the more money you make that's how you get rich anyway can do it the third thing to stop and you from getting this money it's focusing on short-term results right you guys are too focused on short-term you want everything that happened now but sometimes things just take time like some of you got discouraged when i said ten years ten years is not a whole lot of time it makes feel like a lot of time you've year 20 because it's 50% of the life you live so far you probably don't even remember half of that time right so it's like when you have short-term focus you do things for immediate gratification or you do things the rush time or you make bad decisions and almost all cases things that you enjoy now are typically bad for you long-term and it things that are good for you long-term are typically less enjoyable now right i just say work eighty hours a week and make more money than you spend in the best half of it for ten years long-term you'll be great i gotta prove it right for short-term it gonna take what sacrifice in a lot of times and young people are just not willing to sacrifice what they want now for what they want most if you now willing to sacrifice for your goals that's fine just gotta understand that your goal comes sacrifice what is the sacrifice either way you could either sacrifice momentary pleasure dope a me or you sacrifice your potential right you got it aside and sometimes when i say so like this i get comments like oh you're wasting your best time you life in your 20s no one with a fucking my dirties would have best time in one life cause i was rich and i was in great shape and i was still looking young right my 40s i look at like they gonna be even better i'm 42 now they look at like they've been better if you're in great shape man so i'll do it if you if you take care of your body if you healthy the your 20s should not meet a best time of your life you have 20s at a time when you have the most capacity to work hard and deploy against your goals history is brittle with people who are in the 30s 40s or you're in the 50s who just look back and regret man damn i wish i didn't waste all that time cause they'd be set up and said there's fucking struggling struggling to pay bills and now they can't fucking go hard because now they got a bunch of responsibilities they got a wife they got a bunch of kids they got sit going on and they just don't have as much energy i'm super energetic more energy than you but less than when i was 20 fucking 5 you know saying you wasting your prime energy on bullshit as opposed to deployed it against your goals to set you and you set you in your family up forever right if you can deploy that energy when you have the most energy and when you have the least amount of responsibilities and you're able to take risk you can really set yourself up you and your family for the future right had i not done this in my 20s i wouldn't be able to take care of my son the way i do right i wouldn't be able to take care of my niece and nephew when they're dead died two years ago i wouldn't be able to be a real man right now the man's supposed to protect and provide i wouldn't be able to do to provide in part had i not sacrificed the momentary pleasure in my 20s instead but i didn't look into the sacrifice i have like man i got all this energy i got all this time i got all these resources man i can deploy them against my goals and then in the future my future self would thank me and i do i think that little nigga all the time put it for granted like that but you also build habit so now i still weren't any hours a week but it doesn't feel like working or because i worked hard and now one i love what i do i enjoy it so it's another scene arduous and i built the habit so it's easy for me to put in that kind of work you want to start working hard when you 35 get the fuck out of here no motherfucker you're going to be changing diapers and dealing with some bitch who's yelling at you for anything and stay it when you could have been fucking setting yourself up for the future bro it's a fucking big problem all this enjoy life shit some of us enjoy life by focusing on building up our potential some of us enjoy life by seeing how hard we can push ourselves some of us enjoy life by trying to be the best we can be instead of trying to chase as much dopamine as possible because in waste all those dopamine all that dopamine on it the evictaries man chasing his whole parties by says drugs and evictaries and you want to be fucking my age 42 with nothing to show for but a bunch of fucking funny stories that's all you're going to have to show for and you're going to fucking wish you listen to me today focus on long term goals because if you're not willing to sacrifice for your goals then your goals become the sacrifice it's a sacrifice either way don't think you're not making the sacrifice you are sacrificing either way do you want to sacrifice momentary pleasure or do you want to sacrifice victory those are your choices i wish i would end it video right there cause i fucking killed it but i got two more tips to tell you let's see if i can match that same level of all synonyms with the next two the fourth thing to stop being from copsy your goals is being fucking negative man i'm not one of these guys telling you just be positive be positive i'm saying don't be negative is it difference you got to really watch your language because your language just just your thoughts verbalized i was feeling a little sleepier earlier today because i'm old getting old i'm getting up there okay right and instead of saying i'm sleepy i said i need to get more energy it's just something i want to buy it and it's expensive i don't say man i can get the money for that right now i was saying i got to get some more money i don't even say i'm hungry i'm like i gotta get something to eat like i'm super kind of sitting on my language and let me show you what i'm important there was a baseball player but his name was Bill Buckner and this guy had one awards i think he won s the sai young award or the water paid the war or something i don't know maybe i don't know fuck a baseball right anyway you want a bunch of awards he was a good baseball player and he was going to be the world series this month for the bill but you said the dreams are that you're going to have a great series and win the nightmares is that you'll let the win run score on a ground ball for your leg things like that happen you know is just fake that's what happened i saw you this month of the book exactly what he said was going to happen i'm not saying he manifested it i'm not saying bill bugger is professor Xavier when i am saying is that yo listen when you speak negative it imprinted on your subconscious mind when you talk negatively for example whatever you think about you're going to feel and you're going to notice more right this is how it works there's a part of your brain called the reticular activation system it's located in your brain system and it's the part of your brain that's responsible for what you observe right because there's so many sounds and colors and textures and things going on in the world there's no way we can pay attention there everything and you're already as the sides on what you will notice otherwise you go crazy just too many sensations going around all the time here's how this has happened in your life and we've all had this experience you or one of your friends gets a new car you start seeing that motherfucker everywhere right but you're not an X man you didn't attract it it was there all the time you just didn't notice it but soon as somebody gets it it activates your reticular activation system and now you see them all the time but they would do it all the time and we just blinded to them because they weren't there so this is why language is so important because if you say I can't afford it you're going to see more reasons why you can't afford it right but if you say I'd have to make more money you're going to see more opportunities to get money and both things are true you can't afford it and you need to make more money both are true but when you sound like a fucking bitch waving the white flag given up the other one you sound like hmm I'm gonna go iron get it I need to make more money let's go who would you bet all the guy who said I got to the money what a guy who says man need to get more money just hold your bet all who would you want to get corner if you were trying to accomplish a goal you got to beat that person all the time I don't even let people say try around me because try implies that you know my win or my lose you have is he was in it was in rapies like a door in my culture program it's somebody says yeah I'm trying to get what I say what use the T word around here don't use that profanity around us don't bring that negative energy here right we don't say try man we not try babies we don't do it we don't do it we're not oh yeah I just don't know of course you don't know them up because you a bitch and you keep talking like a bitch say you're going get it we don't say try we don't say no no we're not try babies we going after it because if you try if you say I'm a try you're gonna put some foot you're gonna half step right ain't no half step all right we're gonna go all in right and if you go all out you will accomplish your goal I've never seen somebody go all out in fail everybody I know fails is something pussyfoot and when I say all out talking about hey where's your calendar middle like how many hours did you put in there did you do all you can do took up to that goal all you can do every day that's not working hard that's not hustling that's not working hard because you can work hard it's still not all you can do and it's like yeah going after sometimes I'm putting in a lot of work that's not a lot of work I said all you can do each day did you do that mother fucker no you did not and that's why you failed if you did that if you did all you can do each day that's not fucking trying that's determination that mother fucker's gonna win most of you motherfuckers have never done all you can do each day to accomplish one of your goals because if you did that you would have fucking got it I've never seen somebody do that in fail you may be thinking oh yeah season one do it and they fail no they would did not do all they can do it every day they did a lot sometimes they might have worked hard sometimes but working hard is not doing all you can do I'm talking capacity all right you motherfuckers were fucking around doing another shit everything in moderation go to have balance talking all that pussy shit you've seen that man pit all you can do these days are you go with that there it all like you want some Batman shit are you on your Batman shit or not no and that's why you ain't fucking hitting your goals right that's why have you when you try not try babies watch your language you never say you can't afford it say I got to find a way to give more money let's go let's get it you never say you're fucking tired if your tired you might as well be retired you want to say man I need to get more energy because you'll find ways to get more energy right I didn't take it that even though I didn't have as much energy as I wanted I don't even want to say I was tired right you know I didn't have as much energy as I wanted so I found some ways to get more energy I did some wind-hawft breathing I fucking got on my exercise bike I jumped on my trampoline took some caffeine then I got after it as you can see I don't look tired to you motherfuckers both things are true I'm tired and I need to get more energy but one sounds like you're going after the other one sounds like you got to give up waving white flag like out this what you need to do don't be negative this also means you got to stay away from negative people right because emotions are contagious remember you your home you got the new car and you start seeing that car everywhere what happens when your boys start talking bullshit about all his problems what are you going to see fucking problems let's say your boys talking about business opportunities might ways to get more money what are you going to see if he can get a fucking car and then you start seeing the car everywhere what do you think happens when he talks about his problems stay away from negative people it or don't let people talk like that around you like I just don't let people talk about what I'm trying to do this what do you try baby oh man I got to do money hey don't say that everybody I know they know that they say something to me and they're talking bad about themselves I say hey don't say anything about yourself you don't want to be true I say it all the time my inner circle they they know the best the fifth thing the stopping you from composing goes is you afraid to take risk man you can afraid to try you scared to be an embarrassed you scared of failure but you need to understand if failure is necessary failure is actually a part of it I talked about this in another video and read down the old book you talked about to a couple of goals it always looks like this almost no one succeeds at first first you set goals read down the old one at a rich as a man in the world he started the largest hedge fund of all time bridge water capital a wrote a book called principles that I suggest you are read you set goals then you fail he said it was actually a part of it it's a part of the process once you fail you learn and then that learning that's when you start the cobblestone and then you set more goals this part is critical the failure in the learned so yeah you might fail but failure doesn't last forever and then you just keep doing his loop that's what success looks like a series of failures follow about success so don't be scared to fail no you're going to fail no you're going to encounter hardships anything worth having is not fucking easy stop being a bitch can you never heard about somebody just fucking going after the goal and everything was easy it was an unbroken boulevard of green light Steve and he just hit success that's you don't even happen in Hollywood here's the thing the failure it makes you story better the reason in game and and if they need to work so good is because they fail right that's what made the movie good they just beat Thanos's ass in the first 10 minutes in the movie it wouldn't have been the highest gross in movie of all time the failure made the story better what kind of story are you telling your story is all man I saw someone wanted but I was scared that I might lose so I didn't even go after it that movie would suck you're the main character in the movie of your life you write the script are you writing the fucking script work for watch it or you write some fucking wax shit and it's okay to be scared you don't need less fear you need more courage because courage means even though it's scary even though you might fail and you will probably fail you'll probably have to fail a few times to get your goal that's okay what's not okay is being a bitch because one day you're gonna tell your kids all you can do whatever you want right and they're gonna look at you and they're gonna think damn dad is this all you want it you say I could be anything is this all you want it until he's not gonna believe you can do anything and you want to teach generation or pussy foot you're gonna be breathing bitches you want to be grucking growing a tribe of bitches because he's gonna learn to pussy foot from you no matter what you say he's like an mimic what you say he's gonna mimic what you do and if you grow up to be a bitch he's gonna see that and isn't that what you say to him he's not gonna believe he can do it because you a bitch if you tell him he can be whatever he wants to be gangled believe it because you didn't go after what you were dishing what you wanted day I noticed wasn't your dream he's gonna know you can't bullshit him however if you went after your goals if you really went after your dreams and you were cognizant and you say that oh then then it means something you could make a bigger impression on a little motherfuck make he'll believe in himself more because this fuck dad did it and what he fails you going as to be able to tell him to keep going because you failed and kept going and you'll tell him to story and he'll be inspired and he'll believe that he can keep going and he doesn't have to give up and he doesn't have to quit and now when you raise a champion but you got to be one first if you single your dream girl I would have managed he doesn't want a guy like that a guy who cowers in the face of adversity that's not the guy she's dreaming about therefore you're gonna have to settle for the woman who's willing to settle for that type of motherfuck cause even force in five don't want a bitch motherfuck you but they know they got a settle for him so now you've made an appropriate match that's what you'll mate with if you're watching this it's a lot of you guys want to make it in the fitness industry because that's how I made my first money I have a free ebook called the tank amendments of online training you can download a link in your description and push it on the right path if that's one of your goals but start your own life it is because click that link in the description and check it out it's free and also earlier I said I wasn't sure if I'd be able to do number four or five is good as I did three I said never doubted myself that's the lesson right there don't doubt yourself man cause I fucking did that shit

=== FILE: 5 Most Underrated Habits to Get Lean (and Stay Lean) [Z1CwBARiKz4].txt ===

I stay lean all year round. You never seen me fat. And it's because of the five habits I'm about to show you. Single digit body fat. Looking like the mother f***. Oscar statue year round. And I'm gonna show you how to do it too. The last one is the most important one. Because it has benefits that go way beyond just getting ripped. It'll help you with all facets of life. If you f*** up any one of these, then you're gonna continue this f***. Yo yo sh*** where your ass is getting fat sometimes. And you have to die it, then you get fat again, then you have to die it. And then you when keep up this goddamn charade indefinitely, then you let fat ass kids. Now you're gonna be good at sports. Mf***, that man, asthma attacks on the basketball court. So they got a carry around out at fat. They inherited from you. Here's the habits I use to not be as fat as you year round. Number one, you got to track your calories. I keep a little full scale with me everywhere I go. I be at restaurants. Some of the best restaurants in the world. And I'll break out my food skill. I wait, everything I eat. It sounds excessive. You know what's excessive to me? The fact that 1500 Americans die every day of obesity related diseases. That's excessive, that's extreme. To put that in perspective, on 9-11, 3000 Americans die. When motherfuckers is dying from being fat every day, 1500 Americans, that's excessive to me. I don't wanna track all my calories, man. It sounds like this is too difficult, blah, blah, blah. It was just putting numbers in the phone, man. You sound like a bitch. You know, you don't even have to keep a scale on you like me. I don't wanna be more precise. Sometimes the battery in my skill will die or something. I take a picture of my food uploaded to Chad Chibiti and say, you know, as to how many ounces it is. Then I put that in the my fitness pal. And it's pretty accurate. So I track everything I eat in my fitness pal. There's a reason why that's an important because some of y'all are fat right now. Statistically, most of y'all are fat right now. So here's a study done by Duke University. It took a bunch of fat boys. And they say, hey, fat boy, all we want you to do is track your calories for 90 days. They even know diet plan. All they had them do was track their calories. And on average, they lost five pounds. Over five pounds on average. And they didn't even have a plan. The mirror act of tracking their calories caused in the lose weight. Why? When you are tracking something now you're more cognizant of what you're eating instead of just putting anything in the mouth, like a whore. Just eat anything like you indiscriminately, like you only even give a fuck. But when you start tracking, then you start making what better decisions. Those people have no fucking idea. How many calories they're eating? Humans are really bad at making those kind of estimates. Like my girlfriend, she started tracking our calories. At one point, she had this big Dominican breakfast, where she had the big ass bananas and salami and a bunch of other Dominican shit. She's like, god damn, it's like a tellsy calorie breakfast. Yeah. But that's the most people that you have no idea how many calories you're eating. And that's why I've sold people are so fat. It's not that difficult. You don't even have to use a scale like me. If you didn't watch anything else's video, this alone will help you. Because otherwise, you are literally just fucking guessing. I've been a trainer for over 25 years. And everyone who says, man, I tried everything, man, what on the dude do you where I can't try everything? After they say they try everything, I say, if you try tracking your calories, they say, no. I'm like, mother fuck, you tried everything except the one thing that it worked. It's just putting numbers in a phone. You know what, it is difficult. I see motherfuckers hanging from the roof of my condo, cleaning the windows. That's difficult. Put numbers in a phone is fucking easy, bro. But now we need to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. If you want to lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you consume. This is what's called being in a claw or a deficit. If you have to burn more calories, then you consume to lose fat. Shouldn't you know how many calories you burn it? How do you know how many calories you burn it? How many calories you burn these days? You just sell some sort of fitness tracker. I used to use the hoop, but it looked kinda dorky. Or I would wear a soup with the hoop on. And I felt like I was in spy kids or some shit. So I switched to the orange. So now I use the orange and this blins seenlessly into my tire. The apple watch to do it, you just sell some fitness tracker. It tracks the calories you burn each day. And then it's just man. So let's say you're tracking how many calories you consume each day. Say you're gonna consume 2,000 calories each day. Then you wanna see how many calories you're burning each day. Now let's do some math. You say you wanna burn a pound of fat a week. Every pound of fat, you wanna lose, you have to burn 3500 calories, which means you have to burn 500 calories more than you consume each day. If you do that for seven days in a row, that'd be 3500 calories, you're burning a pound of fat a week. So you burn in 2500 each day, which is fucking light work. It's nothing. But you can do that without even trying. Right, boom, you see, do it every day, man. You want 3500 calories, you have burn a pound of fat. And here's the thing. These fitness tracker is none of them or 100% accurate. You might have to make adjustments. All right, let's say you do all this on paper. It says that you should have burned a pound of feet and you don't. And you might have to up the amount of calories you burn. And they make the adjustment. And calibrated based off your fitness tracker. But we just wanna make sure we're in a range and then we can adjust accordingly based off the data. But here's where people fuck up. They say man, you know, I follow my DE good most days. And when that's what it, here's what it's like, most days. Let's say you a good on day one. And even day two, but then day three, you know, you was like, oh man, I ate good two days. And for one day, we weren't hurt. Everything in moderation, one day we weren't hurt. Oh, then this day, this is Friday. So maybe you have to work. Maybe you go to the function. You have some extra sweets or some candies and cakes and shit. And then it's the weekend. Maybe you go out again on the weekend. And it's Sunday, maybe it's your kids birthday party or some shit. You don't know how I could have somebody to cake. You ate good some days. You're still ended up doing nothing. You still used to looking at how many calories you burn. Zero total, right? Because you were over, you were, you were, you know, a surplus, a surplus some days. You were in a deficit some days. So you ended up accomplishing nothing. It sucks to be inconsistent. Because you end up accomplishing that you do just enough to fail if you're inconsistent. You gotta be consistent with this shit. I have a tracker in here. Right? It's a notion template. This 100% free is called the Victory Vision Planner. And you can actually start mapping this shit out the way I just did, but it's a little more advanced than what I did just now. And this 100% free. The third thing you need to do is you need to get one gram of protein per pound a body weight. I know your favorite YouTuber said, man, you only need that much fucking protein. You only need 0.8 grams per pound a body weight. That's what the study said. And that's where your favorite YouTuber got that shit from. But here's the thing, those studies were done in control and environments. We live in the real world. The most focused in the studies, they was drinking out of beakers and shit. Muffins with lab coats were given in the food. We live in the real world. And in the real world, the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. In either direction, you get a fucking bar sum and it says 10 grams of protein. Legally, it might be fucking 12. It might be 8. You don't know, because they're allowed to be off by 20%. Hey, let's just make up for that 20% by overshooting it and doing one gram protein per pound a body weight. And there's a few advantages to this. One, you'll be able to maintain more muscle when you're cutting. If you're in the chloro deficit, if you're in the chloroecropylase, you're trying to put on muscle, you'll be able to put on more muscle, high protein decreases hunger. So it's easier to stick to your diet if you're trying to cut. The one gram protein per pound a body weight. Free habitat tracker that I gave you, right? You can actually put in how much protein you can each day. The next habit that I used to stay lean to burn more calories throughout the day, I rarely do dedicated cardio sessions anymore. I used to do them a lot when I was younger. Even when I'm cutting, I'm all about earning more calories throughout the day. And what if I look like so, I'll do more walking. Walking is one of my favorite forms of cardio. You know, if I need to go somewhere, I'll walk instead of drive and or get it over. If it's walking distance, also, I have a desk bike or a bike. I have multiple bikes in the house. And I'll work while I'm cycling on it. Or I'll read on it. Or you can play games on the diet. Getting into the window switch. But I'm on the diet, pedaling while I'm doing this where I burn more calories throughout the day. So sometimes, do we days while I have multiple meetings and most of my meetings on Zoom? And I'll be on the bike for hours. But like, I'm pedaling slowly, not enough for us like affecting my breath, but that adds up. And this is how sometimes I'll end up burning or a thousand calories total of that day. If you don't have a diet, you can just walk more. I take the stairs when you go places. You're sometimes when I'm with my son. I'll make sure that when he's running around, I'm running around with him. I'm not one of these fat dads sitting down on the bench or the kids play. I'm getting it in. I'm chasing them up because around, I take my son to the trampoline park. And I would like now we need two pair of socks. Just about to go down. Also, I'm tracking how many calories I burn each day. You can use your kids to get him better shape, right kids want to run around and play and do fucking fun shit, do it with them. If you got a girlfriend or wife, you can go and walk with your wife. You can have sex with your wife don't let her get on top. Now you burn in calories and improving your relationship. It's a win win. Find ways to burn cows who have to, if you do this right, you might not need dedicated cardio sessions, like I rarely have a dedicated cardio session anymore. Because I'm just burning calories throughout the day. The next thing you need to do, this is one of the most important ones. Stay away from sugar. Everyone wants to know why I'm up for this, say some shit to me like man, you know, do you ever eat candy or cake? Some like what the fuck did you just call me a bitch? No, I'm in a dog mail. I do not eat candies and cakes. I thought that was normal, but I found out recently that a lot of you men are here eating candies and cakes. There's multiple reasons why sugar is bad for you. In all forms. But for little natural sugar, now I said this bad for you two. Sugar leads to energy crashes and sedictive. You can eat sugar as long as you're in glory deficit, you'll still lose fat. Yeah, I know fucking nerd. But the problem is it's more difficult to stay in a caloric deficit when your e-consuming sugar. Tons of study showed that sugar is addictive. And there's a study done by Stanford University said it's sugar is as addictive as a lot of class in our kinetics. So yeah, you can lose weight and still eat sugar, but it's gonna be more difficult to be in a caloric deficit if you're eating sugar. Why are you making it more difficult than it needs to be? The only form of sugar you can eat is if you eat whole fruit. Not fruit juice, but whole fruits, because whole fruits have fiber inside of it that actually mitigates a lot of the effects, the negative ramifications of sugar. If you're drinking fruit juice, it's concentrated sugar and they throw out the best part of the fruit, which is the fiber and it's just concentrated sugar. And make no mistake. The sugar molecule in fruit is the same molecule as table sugar. There's really no difference. But the difference when you're eating whole fruit, that's okay because it has so much fiber. Juice is a scam. I'm on keto and I even eat berry sometimes. I eat berries almost every day because you can eat berries on keto. The studies that show the sugar leads to depression. And people who consume more sugar have higher rates of depression. People who consume more sugar have higher symptoms of anxiety and stress and depression. This is a big study that was done. And sugar decreases cognitive functions. Here's the study shows that impact of sugars on cognitive functions, but it makes you fucking stupider and impacts your intelligence in a negative fashion. Sugar increases the age and process. It increases the rate of cellular aging. So basically you wanna look older faster because your cells are aging faster when you consume sugar. I'll be 43 this year, but I probably look younger than most of you my fuckers. One cause I ain't as fat as you. But also, I don't remember the last I'm last on my last on my last sugar. It might have been two years ago. My last T-day was about two years ago. I've been keto for like eight years. Sometimes people ask me how I'm gonna bring it. What's your skin routine? I think mega. If you struggle with acne, you need to stop being a sugar. Tons of studies is showed at sugar, impacts acne negatively. And when people cut sugar out of their diet, their skin just clear up. It's a home where your skin is an organ. So what you put in your body is gonna affect your organs and one of them is your skin. Listen, sugar is just fucking bad. You need to really stay away from that shit. I have a whole video on sugar. You can go watch that now if you want because you're probably fucking your whole shit up. All right.

=== FILE: 6 business Ideas To Start With $0 in 2024 [zNryFkBJYHM].txt ===

Listen, I'm about to bring in a young fellow who he knows a lot about making money online Because I know a lot of other kids, but man, I'm making money online Young and poor Yeah, I live in a puddle and I live with my mom and I'm 18 and I get some bread I ain't no with the tell you I'll fuck this man But that's why I brought in the home He was he used to just comment on my videos. He was like 16 years old or something like that He's a cop comment on my videos all the time and we know who he was And kept saying no splash in he called him to splash me and we thought that was funny And then I did a Vent in Toronto a fact it was a it was a world tour and one of the stops was Toronto right and And he showed up he said yo, I'm splash man. I'm like yo, you're not a man you were key And I was like I know, but I'm called splash man and then what happened was you know He just seemed like a cool kid. You know, and I we kept in touch and you know I kind of mentored him as he was building one of his first businesses He got that business to like 10k per month in high school. He bought his mama house He'd be buying houses at 21 at 21 he bought his mama house man come on. How is he now? I'm 24 24. Yeah How many employees you got? Now almost like 15 just for one bit one of the business 15 for one of his business. He out here ball And he's shot calling me a splash man We need to do your help man because some of these young buff fuckers was asking you how I can somebody see somebody's money That's what I'm here. That's why you hear me. So he was in town with like splash me help these motherfuckers out I actually not even born in Canada. I know you know said you know from Canada. I was born in A village in a country called Nepal. Oh, yeah, that's where the surface is grown exactly Exactly exactly so I was born in Nepal came to Canada when I was like eight to nine years old And growing up you know Pretty average just like any immigrant family My parents were working jobs. I just wanted to get good grades to impress them, but Towards high school, you know, I started getting this feeling like I don't know what to do it. I want to make money now because we're broke Not feel that and It was actually all through you, you know first I found out your videos through Just because I want to get in the best shape Right, you did help me do that. You know I got abs at high school because of brandy car Yep, and then you started making And he started making videos About business Marketing and then I started just watching those as well. And when you had your world tour Not a man Yeah world tour world tour in Toronto like that's when I learned about like funnels Copyright funny actually story. I remember you asked my friend decide me what is copywriting and he said oh, yeah Music copywriting. Yeah, I'm like, you know, we all laughed at him. Yeah But um From that event, you know, I just stuck to this online marketing world just followed what you were showing And then then I first got into drop shipping. That's how I made my first dollar online. I'm really up Exactly. I was you know, I was doing drop shipping then, but it was very inconsistent, you know Because at the end of the day, I'm selling garbage products to old people Yeah, you still have Chinese bullshit the old people all literally are my drop shipping business was successful Then we actually sort of print on demand because I had it with the suit. Yeah, because you were talking about it About print on demand how you can start a brand without like you know having inventory I was like this is perfect so me and my friend started a clothing brand in high school and then the first month with me 5,000 told you about it and you're like, yeah, let me show you ads Showed us how to do ads in the next month literally with a $10,000 Moment while in high school, you know I'm saying this is like while I was still going to school every day Yeah, and again, and that's how I actually got the skill of email marketing, you know We're another thing I skipped over is the dinner after the event in Toronto. That's where that's when I learned about Claibio's a CRM this you specifically for Shopify stores it in commerce right they're the best for We don't pay it nothing. I'll take the money But like they don't pay us they got the money now. This is the best get it just when public right yeah And for context like our whole business we use Clevia for all of our clients So that is a very significant moment, right? Like you literally showed it. Yeah, you literally showed us Clevio. Thanks You're literally and the second part where you help was when we had a red zone client You told me to set up their emails and I had you know good knowledge, but you really like kind of Don't deep and showed me exactly how to do email marketing you showed me how you're doing email marketing for bro laboratories Right, so I had the skill of email marketing because I learned that through you I had this skill Because I've learned from you doing all these things on the side and the opportunity came where someone I knew was making like $15,000 a day selling you know selling BS products Johnny's drop shipping Chinese products course, but I was a broke high school kid on like you know Let me let me get a little bit of this money as well with them, you know, so I was so broke out of taking like three $400 but he was making so much money on like you know give me $2,000. I'll set up your emails. Oh He didn't if he was make them like with no email no people know though a the email still makes money He can he agreed to pay me $2,000 for you know the writing that emails I was like on top of the world because I'm like that, you know this is a lot of money from me at that time Yeah, but another thing happened that month. I made them like you know almost $12,000 To what the extra dollars exactly nice and to me it was like a lightball switch went in my head because you know With drop shipping it's a win-lose situation Yes, I win because I make money, but like my customers are getting a garbage product But with this I get paid and I was able to help to make more money There's a win-win situation and you know again taking all the knowledge I've gone from you I started branding myself as the email guys started talking with the importance of emails to all the young guys that were doing e-commerce drop shipping And then that's obviously why business was just going to e-commerce guys and drop shipping guys Yeah, and saying hey, how will do your emails for you because I know you're not doing it You know what I mean because they're so focused on like you said all the fancy things really Add the social media all that but I'm like no, no email this as so I was like one of the first guys in the space I tell everyone you like do email marketing I still have videos from you know six years ago You know he taught them about email marketing and the importance of it because I learned from you You know that's how I grab granted myself as the email guy because I knew the importance of email That's because I listen and now you got a thrive in business doing big numbers Over 15 employees and a 24 Yes, 24 you know that's because all based off email marketing all of email marketing now because and because You do email for so many business. You know a lot of different ways for these young kids to make Resign let's just break some of them down, man for sure I would even prefaces by saying that there are so many online opportunities out nowadays that I think the ones that do the best Or the ones that just focus on one Yeah, because that's you probably see this all the time all the time right one month They want to do this and the next month. They want to hop into something else So I would prefaces by saying like there are so many online opportunities just focus on one But you can do it anything anything I know guys is a fucking multimedia air roofer I don't even know roofing is I never lived a house right? Yeah here roofing shit Like man money Yeah, I'm dead and Literally anything anything I think that dumb is shit make money because they focused on it It will hard you know so you don't have to worry about what's the best you got this When you put pick the thing that that you want to do Stay focused on that see people switching all the time or we're trying to do like 18 things simultaneously That's the shit that never works never never never never Yeah, and I'll say like I've the first thing and you know this really so what I do is just like writing right? It's a copy writing. All right, so Yeah, it's pretty damn Like if you actually look at fundamentally a lot of things that you do everything is copy right? So like let's say when you're making short from content someone has to script that out those words They're a copy landing page those words are copy email copy Right, so I think if you focus on copy writing learning how to use words to sell items We're also take any action that need to take whether it be book and call, you know whatever it may be like that is a skill I think that's why I want to know the number one skill Learned a lot from you like you know you're one of the best copywriters. I know thank you. Thank you I agree I agree I believe My content brand but basically like the way I think about his writing words that convince people to take actions or More importantly to make purchases. Yeah, yeah email is just one avenue. Yeah, but like I said everything is copyright sales pages websites webinars webinar ESLs everything is copy at the end of the day. It's all words Either you speak it out or you read it. It's all words. So I think that's if that is the number one opportunity I'm there man. So how do you make money copyrighted? I would first you need to learn the skill of copywriting Okay, learn to learn the skill of copywriting how how does somebody go about that? There's two ways right one we live in the information age so you can really find everything online Yeah, you can learn how to copy like I mean I learned a lot just you know watching YouTube videos courses But I think the short way to shortcut the success what I did get a mentor yeah get a mentor you know Get a mentor someone that's already successful in copywriting or email marketing and learn from them. Yeah, right? Hey, you know, dude somebody's thinking the thing in AI can do it. That should is not good enough yet I'll tell you they are not they are not they are yet like I would not use AI to write my copy It's not good enough. Yeah, I actually had a video on this other day talking about you know AI will replace the mediocre copywriters Yeah, but you still need like someone still needs to yeah, just a tool at the end of the day, right? Someone's still so understanding is that good copy? Yeah, you got to know it's good. You had to be good exactly. How do you know it's the it's sky net or whatever is it's shoot now the good shit or not? If you know if you're not good enough yet I'm I'm to say that somebody who's made millions of dollars writing copy There's no AI software or AI model that they can replace a top to your copywriter Right now right now, but if they don't when does they don't have a mentor how how would they learn? I was just me too you too and they but they like until you find someone right you got to seek this person out like 100% Find them other fucking you know try things and feel I think that's another advice I would give to anyone just starting out is like that's what I did I would I mean at one point I was gonna do online training when I was at high school You know, it's like I'll just doing anything and everything until something stuck So but for copywriting, yes, just learn it for now next I would say it's finding a niche right finding a niche You can serve so For me the reason I chose e-commerce was because it was a low hanging fruit I'd already done drop shipping right I'd already knew people in that space right so it's for you to like this Okay, are that is there a niche? I'm already passionate about is there it so you you're niche is you help e-commerce people make money with email copy right when so this is different kind of the copy Right that's an importance of having a niche just when we talked about earlier. It's like He doesn't write any kind of copy for any person right he has he's specializes in one type Of one type of copy for one type of business order and that's all he does Somebody axon the zay can you write a webinar for me? I can but I won't right because I have no what I do You don't say it's the focus and I think Because now like there's not much competition if you just said your copywriter is tons of competition to anything But you specialize in one thing in the period is is when you specialize in something You have a bunch of testimonials from people who look like you're target market after after a certain amount of time Right, so now if somebody is if if a e-commerce person What's the main money with email? They're going around interviewing copywriters. What are you going to have the guy who has copywriter? Even if it's a good typewriter, but he has testimonials from all different kinds of people doing all different kinds of things or the one guy who's who always says the money is are people just like him Who what results the exact same way he gives it for all this testimony right you you built it built Focus on what on a niche builds a moat at that week after time it builds a load already now Is difficult to compete with you in this space now? Nobody has more e-commerce clients It made money with email like I don't know a to see owner who has that right so now that because he has so many testimonials net It's built on boat around his business. Mm-hmm. You taught me that you know the riches are in the niches riches in the niches Bitch that's niches gets stitches money your obitious Yard yeah Same shit. I was oddly there's a reason at all around. That's how that's got a guy work But I would say yeah focus on a niche One niche just stick to that you know one service and one niche. I remember that's where you always told me when I had started it is like that's And you were right people were literally chasing to work with me did because I was one of the only solutions in the market I was in all the only guys doing emails for e-commerce so I didn't even have to go out and beg for clients like last for coming to where's me? Yeah, that's the beauty of it exactly. That's the beauty of it. All right So finding the learn skill and finding each that as does dope how did it mark how would they mark it themselves? I think the best way is Personal branding Yeah, tell me more about that Putting yourself out there like you know I think a lot of people overcomplicate personal branding like you're saying earlier they think that they need to do tick-dog dances with their wives in order to build a personal brand But no a personal brand is just you putting yourself out there talking about your expertise Yeah, you're good at you know, yeah, and in the beginning again You're not gonna be the best so you probably not gonna be out here like preaching to people But even if you were to just document what you're doing right and like just practice like you're Ensuring what you've been practicing and just building out your portfolio through that like just getting getting in front of people Like that that is how you would sign clients. I think again personal branding. It is a slow build But I will also say skilling up is a slow build as well. Yeah, right? So do it together and I would start to answer that I would do some work for free Grim for people If you can't sit in it so you can use them as testimonials Right because nobody's gonna pay you if you ain't gather results But they'll take a chance on you for free somebody was like a chance on you for free Right and then once you have a test the money you're from him you can use that test the money To get paying client. I saved it. We teach you all not to our online training students People would just start it in no experience like I mean we got some call the testimonial harvest I break you down. I don't even know but you trade some people for free for a month get them results And then use those testimonials to go get paying clients But you also act to testimonial clients that you get a results Hey, you want to keep getting these results. Go cost you now There's a kind of leverage now. Yeah, man. It's kind of you know, it's all tactic I learned on the south side. You know the first one is free Give me the first one free then they got our coming back with some more. You know what's the good thing? I think it'll take a little taste Yeah, you know when I first started I mean I did a lot of work with you They can get a taste. I go here. I'm sorry. What did you say? Yeah, I was saying you know when I first started I did a lot of free work exactly for for the testimonials We did you do a lot of free we did a lot of things for you as well, you know and so I could go up to other brands and people I'm like hey look I've worked with Brandon Carter, you know and that definitely helped me a lot I get that a lot I actually do get that a lot more than you would think I do get that a lot actually that No, that reaction is Yes, no, Brandon Carter They start DJ They start DJ lad. It's not a lot of you taking it for me But yeah, no, you know doing free work of one you get a case study It'll for second you get to practice your skill because you can watch all the videos all the courses read all the books But until you actually do it you're not gonna get better at it and even though I mean even when we were you know I was inserting for you like I would just like break down good copy I remember like I'll even sit down with you and I remember I think I was making some of the landing pages for The 30 day keto challenge I believe is calling and you know you like you would I would write it and you would come to me Like you know you would show me a kid where I can improve I remember something you said is like it's more art than science That was like that when you said you know like and then having your flow of anyways, but literally work for free So you can get the experience but also the case study which you can go ahead and leverage when you do talk to people Yeah, you know that that's I think that's super k-o I'm gonna put that on a case study study study's free work cool I would what was the next hustle these these kids can get into me? I think one of the biggest things right now We'll be content To remember that so content management so I think there's a lot involved in that right if you know how to edit videos if you know how to Again like create make videos make like short form long form videos I'm I'm starting to believe it these things I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a guest that is gonna be the thing exact same steps no matter the skill you choose or the avenue That is that is the formula that's the formula really is simple a lot of people over complicated But it's really that simple. I was actually gonna say that is the same steps you gotta take So when you say fine the niche you could you say and you could be like an example for content manager You could focus on short form like my boy a rhyme Ryan again. He focuses on all short Compt short Flon content right so he became like known for it. He had a lot of like big name fly some of my case sake as he had in the days and I want to get him soon But the one that can't say is he where he does count all the gray card on short short form content He did the majority of mine like like 99% of it you know the chosen niche you showed the mec that's the gorgeous So the niche person built a personal brand around it It was just a video guy I don't know if he'd have a million dollar content agency 100% he was just doing video because he focused on short form vertical video Right he focused on it and then he'd like another thing behind the niches That I didn't talk about them. I forgot is not only do all your testimonies look the same which is good right but also It's you learn shit about About it that someone who's dabbling in just wouldn't know You're saying like you know shit about email That you probably can't find in the book Right I know shit about online training that No one's wrote a book about it. You know like yeah, and I know shit about training because I focused on Back when I was online trainer I focused on training people with keto. I know problems They're gonna run into that aren't in a book I remember saying that they wouldn't like you get a different kind of domain expertise as well So you actually become better because you want to learn everything you just have to master one thing Right what personally say man. I don't fear the guy who learned a thousand kicks I fear the guy who practice at one kick a thousand times or some shit like that to something to that effect I'll fear the man who knows that thousand kicks. I fear the man who kick you with a thousand holes or some shit on it But it's somewhere around that some of those lines right right? I'm sorry, but it's the same thing content management Yeah, and like you said you know short form is one but I'll even if you don't edit I know people that are just YouTube strategies People that just go up to people and just give them strategy make this type of video Add this you know what I mean like you don't even have to be good at video editing because people are looking for these kind of people Yeah, or the other one would be like posting You'd be surprised like you know like we just need people to just see what the trends are and just post something similar with the assets that you give them You know like social media manager or like content manager You know I'm saying so it isn't all it when it comes to content magic isn't it have to be like oh You editing videos to me some examples of kind of the man just those who we got short form video would else right long form Law form video you said you said Strategies you two strategies You do I've seen you just out of just right same with my soul and no someone that makes millions just writing Vs Yeah, for sure right just focusing on one specific one man. I'm telling you I also know guys that all they do is just find industry trends find the next trending audio and just make videos like literally You like God even thought like b-roll videos really we just the trending audio on every good money Just try to see okay, what's trending right now? Okay, so memes it or even memes that's a huge one. Oh me marketing I'm seeing that a lot more weird starting to do a lot more of that as well But we literally I have literally one of the responsibilities for one of my team members just to make memes Because they co-vah her yeah, I know guys who weren't mean pages And they made and they make money. You'd like with the shoutouts All right, I know a lot of people one of my boys man a millionaire mentor that that page right like Jason Stone He'd let you survive next door, but he moves somewhere to you know But he he made millions off of he just came he did one He Instagram page he had a few others right, but he the main one Instagram page million immense or and he Had a niche it was focusing on like at the entrepreneur space and I kind of think he made He posted like memes and shit about it for lack of a better term and then people would pay him For shoutouts on that page and he made millions donation like there's like a lot of different And then actually I would say like you know to tie copywriting and content management I know people that make a lot of money just goes writing for people on Twitter Yeah writing articles just goes writing on to it like there's some people online that literally don't write their own tweets I'll next I would say I'll say sales But I was hoping you wanted to 10% He read 100% that was sales. There's there's a lot you know that there is I think I think before I you know It was just like closing, but now we even got like a appointment setting. Yeah, I know a lot of kids that make money good money Just hoping on people's DMs the setting appointments. Yeah, you know learning the skill of just sales through DMs began with or even just doing qualifying calls. I had a friend with a whole agency Where he would do the DM sales for people Mm-hmm. You're right, you know, I don't think he has it anymore, but at one point yet Yeah, it was it did well make like seven figures. You know, right? You know, just DM sales or like that of biggest ways in empathy is in is even do like real sales like Talk to a person either on zoom or in person high ticket calls and high ticket closing You're making a lot of money doing that. You know, it was hundred and ten percent and I think that is I mean I learned that skill off of you. I remember in 2018 when I was in New York whenever you had sales calls Yeah, I would you just you know telling me coming to the room It's just listen to this stuff me, right like and also mess that at work Yeah And to show how good of a teacher is at a mentor, you know like I grew up one of the shyest kids like being scared to you know Raise my hand or even call my school for orientation they use a bitch Straight up a fuck with you. No, no, but that man's true though joke Go He's in cool to me. I'll just fucking right. I You know, way he is right, you know a bitch. I'm saying, but you you kind of broke me out the show to a point where I'm like closing thousands of dollars Over the phone come on man, you know in a matter of months just because you know like I learned from you But that is one of the greatest cuz I mean I think every everyone should have that's like here's the thing You're gonna be doing no matter what you know No matter what you do the yeah, I have to sell people to do it right you got the sale because this is all this shit is Be the beat everything we talk about is is being I mean business to business, right? So you have to sell business owners on this shit and so capacity With you do straight up sales for someone else or if you do one of these other things you're gonna have to do sales for this job I'm a quick story on this actually so when I started my first, you know SMMA or marketing agency He'd one I spent months designing website doing all the wrong things but avoiding sales You can imagine that business that'll work out no because I'm not focusing on the thing that matters No matter what skill you choose at the end of the day you know you need to learn how to sell or if you need To know how to sell if you know many sales. You don't have a business Yeah, you're gonna hobby all right and remember it's the same tactics, you know learn to skill by you know Getting it into a mentor studying and even courses whatever Like for me and I was trying to learn to skill when I'm trying to master skill I do everything mentors courses books Like I I leave no stone on turn. I might you know just certain skills that I've learned and I would get like 3 to 4 courses read like 4 5 books on the subject and get a few mentors, right? And I'm not I'm fucking around trying to learn this shit. I'm a learned it or die trying You feel me so you want to take that same kind of approach and I'm not saying that I don't get I got I got them to say However when I will put out a free sales course when the victory unit discord gets over 20,000 Victor natives you know say what's it get there don't be free in you know I've done you know a few million dollars and some million sales you know I built eight figure sales team and I've helped other people Bill sales teams too. I would say another one that is on the rise Speaking of victory in this community management. Oh, tell me more about that now we're seeing you know We're seeing more people build communities and leverage communities to sell their products But just you know having audience at one area because you never know where a social media Platform might strip in up might start tripping out and bang you right here So you need like a lot of people are creating like you have it on discord if you have it on school face Whatever there needs to be someone they're managing that community They make sure it's vibrant, you know exactly making sure you know people are getting their questions That's no one is spammy no one is promoting That is actually a huge opportunity right now the haters You know that because that happens for sure. Oh, no, I've seen that first hand You know, you need someone to do that and and also keep keep the the community fresh and You've content you know Find ways to make it in gaze engaging make sure it's popping. You know like you get people excited, you know for sure Exactly, so I think that is and same steps of life for that as well the next one will be like a virtual operator What yes, I just made it up today. Okay. I like it because You know I have a virtual operator technically. I met him, you know, broaden to Miami You need like a like a like a like a C. Oh, oh, type yeah, Boba virtual because And there's a I've realized especially with a lot of young entrepreneurs are people that make money They don't nothing about this is different than a VA like a virtual assistant Yes, but I think this is specific to like just operating with certain's like learning some of these more but more of a more of a more of a Like a like it's cheap operating Yeah, more of an operator Yeah, more of an operator and you probably want to hire someone that's diligent so not someone from Philippines You know the humbines in the US Yeah, no, no disrespect the Filipino adding it Yeah, no disrespect you know, I had a lot of us, you know But some talking to a lot of young entrepreneurs. I realized like these these guys don't like have a business like A lot of them are just hustlers. It is tough. You know what I'm saying? I'm like show me your business to like like I use Slack Yeah, I'm like like you know I'm saying like yeah, if somebody there like actually running all the The operations that if you see this person runs the operations that you'd be right keep everybody Yeah, I think if you learn like and all you need to do is learn certain softwares That exists out there the zepheres the notions Right and build systems make the person that you're working for make their life easier Organize you know what I mean and you again. I'm saying I'm telling you I've talked some you'll be surprised I'll make these guys don't even know don't even have a CRM They're doing you know they're trying to get leaves. They're trying to sell people off their Instagram They're getting all these leaves. They don't even have a CRM they can go to you know Amber right this 100% this guy for me right, you know, and she had a business where she can't get did this with me Like I'm the only person she works with now, you know, but like she can't get runs the business You know like like as far as on an operations standpoint like I make like a lot of the big decisions and I do so put if I got to do something It's gonna take a long time Amber if his Amber's test is gonna happen like immediately You know 100% and you need a you know you need a visionary in the business which would be you Yeah, you need the operator this is what's about that? It's called a rocket field And it talks about how like a lot of like big businesses started with two people for example Walt Disney we know about Walt Disney. He was like the visionary. He had the big plans and ideas And he was like a face at a business, but his brother was really running shit. No, I'll be Roy Disney was running the show But did he was like the face of it right you know saying you see this with The jobs he jobs in visionary, but why's was doing like a lot of the other shit, you know and then even Bill Gates, you know, but he still had the other do The bomber yeah, I did the do who went Paul and Paul Allen and Paul got rich And that even being a fake, but he was doing he was like more of the operator right I was I was young I was in grand came in swimming with the Sting race kicking it with him, you know Regulish it you know came in island sting ratio I was on what came in out of sting ratio and then um this guy It been the this guy was like oh you brand and Carter you know like yeah This must be a big moment for you and he was like yeah, yeah, what's up man? I was like I was like then I seen a boat and I was like damn and I ain't no cruise ships came over here Me with the fuck I thought that I thought I was on some private exclusive baller she said now I'm man It's not a cruise ship. That's Paul that was boat It was that big It was big as one of those cruise ships out there. So you know you could make a lot of money being an Operator you know right business, you know I think I learned that off you as well You don't have to be an entrepreneur or like you know like the guy you know to make a Yeah, you know I'm saying like if you help someone is already making money help them be more organized And help to make more money you will be as good you know I'm so sure and there's a lot of people in the world where that role fits them better than trying to be an entrepreneur because Not everyone could be an entrepreneur That's something I've learned just going through this and just you're seeing so many people's journeys like not everyone's meant to be an all and that everybody's a star Either right like you know for some of it is that you gotta be to be the visionary you gotta be the front that everybody can be You know Bays old or something there's a lot of other motherfuckers in Amazon who like run shit like basically handling data They you let him see on them And you had one one that's unique and what I call is just like selling your own skills that you already have right So I'll give you an example. So I know someone that graduated doing event planning Right and they work at an event planning company But I know for sure they can transition their business online and just a different niche And just take it on that you know I'm saying this is all the benefits of running being a freelancer instead of working a job Be a freelancer right to different people that need your services or your expertise Do you mean example what you said so you got I'm out If I'm planning is one another one would be bookkeeper. You know, yeah instead of working out an accounting for me You can just have four or five different just individual clients as a freelancer and just help them with their books Help them get more organized with their financing and you know, I mean, you know This is kind of all a version that if you think about it really that's what I did right I looked at the skills I already had was the lowest hanging fruit. Okay. I already know how to do email marketing And he shy no is e-commerce so I'm just gonna stick to that right, but I can I There's so many other things like you know, if you have the skill and there's so many things you know There's like You know that's that was me. I was a personal trainer All right, so I just started training people online. I did the same shit You're to skill because I was a trainer for like years before the internet was been it and I And then I then I focused on a niche right, you know, I wanted to help Young men get ripped Pulse help young men right. Yeah, I built my personal brand I was the first case study right so like it can be you you know And then I started training people. It's like I follow the same steps you do that with anything anything Anything that you're good at that people there's a demand I'll say they need to be a demand is me right the man for it I noticed people who fucking will will treat will coach you on like smash bros You and get a bug and smash bros coach right you play you I'm getting his eyes the man there in it for that, but it is a thing You know, I felt like my girl used to beat me in smash bros and I'm like knock and I can't at this Okay, I can't it is I I got I got to be king in my castle. Yeah, I did I did not get to get a coach I'll be your ass like right now It's mad broke Don't clip that I'll be the rest right now. Yeah, you know, they know did he? You have to end but I'll put her on it, but she starts talking crazy. I was like grab the controller Yeah, grab the controller. We're gonna handle this on the platforms This is super helpful We're gonna find out more information about this all my Instagram, you know splash BJ on Instagram It follow me DM me You

=== FILE: 7 High Value Traits NO WOMAN Can Resist in a Man  Stoicism  Fresh and Fit [mHzxO1o3D9Q].txt ===

From us, we come from a competent standpoint. For them, they have a bunch of weird arbitrary ways that they compete, and it typically has to do it looks. The average chick isn't going to give a shit. Like they're more concerned with who's the prettiest. That's how women compete for their mating partners versus. Like when we compete with success, they compete with youth and beauty. Say to God, one of the five foot opportunity. Maybe like the seven traits this guy would have to acquire. In order to be able to be in the game, have a better result with women. I think there was a four or five things that I say that guys need to have in place before they get married. But this applies also to like getting a girlfriend. Yeah, because all of the girlfriend processes is basically a chicken training. I say before serious relationship, at least 35, they again, six figures a year, 100. Have six months to a year of saving somewhere. Okay, Indigim, have had sex with 51 men. Actually be smart, know some things. Yeah, be a good speaker. If you could speak well and you got a good command on the English language, number one, it demonstrates status of shows competence. When you're able to speak well, you come off as very short yourself, which is very attractive to women. And it gives you a little uppop, as they're like, yeah, they're trying better than you. What I realize is much as women sit there say 50, 50, and a half and a half, and we're gonna be partners in shit, they don't want none of that, bro. It's all the way. They just wanna do it, that's better than everything. That can just tell them what it is. I think your ability to articulate yourself and have a good vernacular is important. My girl wants to say that men fall in love with their eyes, women fall in love with the ears. Absolutely, you know. And having a good command on the English language is good. Like, you know, when people say, oh, you have game, it's not what you say. It's how you say it. If I take two different scenarios, and in one scenario guy walks up like, you dumb bitch, she might be really offended by that. Golly, John shit, but then you go in with another guy, oh yeah, you dumb bitch. Tom, you're so funny, right? The way women interpret information is they interpret the way it said and who was saying it. Yeah. They care way more about that than the actual content of the information versus us, what's the content of the information? We don't really care too much about how it's conveyed or who can vase it unless like, especially if that individual is doing better than us. But with women, they don't have the same hierarchy structure like we do. Like you can example, there's like 10 girls, right, in a room, Oprah walks in. Yeah, they'll kind of be like, oh, this is impressive. But the reality is who it commands the most status in room, the hottest girl. No one gives a fuck that whole person down here. Right versus for us is the other way around. A successful guy walks in, right, worth a bunch of money. Automatically, it's gonna be a pecking order in that room. Right. You know, automatically, it's similar to some, it's a hierarchy because they know, okay, this guy has done something right. Obviously, successful. We're gonna almost defer authority 10 to a degree. So what I've noticed from men is like, they're able to delineate this way easier than women do because from us, we come from a competition standpoint. For them, they have a bunch of weird arbitrary ways that they compete and it typically has to do with looks. Yeah. So Oprah holds no real value like to amongst other women. But I find it hard to comprehend, right? Because I'm a man right, starving me to think like that if it's like, if a billionaire, I don't care who it is. Me, I'm thinking like, oh, just motherfuckers have done some shit. I mean, I'm that thing which is saying is wrong. He says it's hard for me to even wrap my mind around that that thought process. Yeah. Of course, I'm talking about like the average woman, right? Are there some women out there that I am vicious and business minded where they would have that same level of appreciation? Absolutely. Yeah. But the average chick isn't going to give a shit. Like they're more concerned with who's the prettiest. That's how women compete for their mating partners versus like, man, we compete with success. They compete with youth in duty. So you said the first one was over 35. Well, what'd you say over 35? Okay. So the reason why I said over 35, because at this point, you have some life experience. You've been through some shit. Hopefully you've suffered enough. I do think suffering is something that we don't put enough emphasis on over our male journey. And you should be in a position where your financial is secure to this some degree. Like, okay, it's just so 35. Okay. So basically you've had enough experience. Yeah, that's a big one. Like having enough experience because in an ideal situation where you got to grow, you need to be the leader and almost be like her captain. A good captain doesn't determine by how we can move the ship. He's determined by how many void is this successfully. You know, okay, a barque bond and come back from. So that's why I think it's important to have to never find them. For me, and there's some things that can only come with age and experience. What was the second one? I'm making six figures here. 600,000, I would say. Okay. It could be done. If you live in United States or any, you know, first world country, it can be done man. Yes. Six figures is absolutely doable for almost anybody, right? And you can do it with low skill labor jobs. Bro, I did it in the fucking during the recession. So you did it at worst time after my father killed himself, right? And you know, I just broke the bunch of jobs. Nobody was hiring. I had a college degree record unemployment, record layoffs, four GM was going out of business. So I was like, all right, man, we're from moving company. That worked security. It was awful. But I did this year for two years. You know, because I had to take care of my family. And I think it's very important for me to say like, somebody will might say, oh, my, and you're at a touch of reality. You will do everything between me and a lot of these influencers. I worked a real job before this year. Yeah. So when I was working for the government, I made roughly like 120,000 hours a year. And then obviously I worked with you. Yeah. Shout out to Brandon Masley. And I had to start my fitness business. I scaled that up to, you know, 120K a year. So I had this job, right, which I was extremely invested in extremely busy with at the time, funny enough. When I met you, I had one of the top cases in the country. The NASA security case. Yeah. I had to do with Canada and Sri Lanka and some shell like that. And I got a word for that case. So I was like really invested in my work. But I still was able to run a side business and scale that up to six figures. So if I could do it with our full-time job, you can do it too. And you don't have to necessarily have to agree. Now what that said, if you're not a skilled individual, you're going to have to make up with that through time. Right. And that's going to suck. And a lot of people don't want to be able to give up their sports and their beer and, you know, weekend bullshit. What was that like for you? Because you had prestigious job, but you also built your business sometimes. I was reworking. So for those that are wondering, it's to be a special agent in Homeland Security Investigations. So I did criminal investigations. I started my current Texas and then I came down to the Miami Phil office. Since that job is a very sporadic job where like you're on call, you got to take on car, you're working all hours a day. A typical schedule for me would be, I'd wake up like noon. I'd go to the office. I would do my work, whatever I need to do. I leave six, seven, eight PM. Okay. Come in. Work on my business. Then go back to doing what I was doing with other stuff. Right. Right reports, whatever may be. Depending on what I did that day, if I'd debriefed an informant or talked with a witness or whatever. Because that's what I would typically do go to the office. Because like a lot of the times if you're out, if you're doing shit as an agent, you're not in the office. Like that, you're going to be interviewing people, talking to a form of a sweatout, right? So when I was doing this, I'd do that work first. And then I do the fitness business stuff. And that would take me well into the night. And then I go to sleep and just kind of repeat it. And then like that's kind of how I did. And then on weekends, I days that I wasn't working for the G. I'd catch up a lot there. And thankfully it was all online. So I could communicate with my clients on the phone. Everything was done through an app. So it was pretty streamlined. So how many hours a week was that? With Uncle Sam or with the business total? Oh, you do shit sometimes that you don't even realize this for work. But you think you're off. So like it was 80 hours. Is it like, if I'm going to count all cumulative times because everything I did was like for one of the two. Like so we did for your own office business or for the government. Exactly. And you know what's funny, man? People make YouTube videos. Tell me shit about me because I say, man, if you fucking broke, stop working 80 hours a week. Yeah, that's the thing you can do it. If you plan the entire time, I mean, I didn't know they were working hard. Was this a controversial? I guess people got super soft, you know? No, they're in pathetic. And that's why I always like to tell my story right on to it to like two-month on hornbomb. Like to let people know like, look, I wasn't like one of these influences wherever I had a real fucking job with real responsibility doing real shit, right? Rest in terrorists, no, it's shit. I found the way to do it. You tell them you can't find a fucking way to do it. Bro, no excuses, man. And I was doing it with like a less prestigious shit. So you were doing that and you started your business. Guys, do you want to learn how to start your own life in this business? I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. And it basically showed you the principles that I taught my room when he was starting his own life in his business and everything. And you know, like the teen thousand other students is free to link to the description. Definitely get in there guys. Like I, you know, you guys probably wouldn't be seeing me right now if I don't work with you in the beginning because that money I made from that business a good amount of that investments were for studio. So I was able to put away a good amount of money. Yeah, to scale up because then I realized, all right. So if I want to get like client acquisition, I need to get on the internet, get on YouTube. And this is obviously before the over saturation of YouTube early 2020 before the pandemic broke you. We, as start getting on YouTube and making videos and stuff and you know, we started to blow up. So that was like really helpful, but I wouldn't have taken that step had I not had the business business and had that incentive to get on YouTube. I remember when you first started, it wasn't fresh and fit. It was unplugged. Yeah, I'm putting it on. It was like the first of the second guess. Yeah, it says so, be over 35. Make six figures. Well, so you gotta do. I have six months to one year of savings. Tell me what that's important. Whenever you have like money saved, right? But you can deploy it into something or whatever, just for better sound of mine. Yeah. And then other things, so it's like you never know what happened. Never know what that's like. You should have something that I've been doing. I've been really members, you know, my cousin died in car accident, right? And then 20k for a funeral, right? And then I remember that brand and like you're just handled everything. Yeah, so this family like don't worry about it. I'm just, but see, that's the thing like that. That's why I so important to have that money because like when push comes to shove, there's gonna be times where people are gonna need help. And you wanna be that guy to be able to say, I got, you know, after my father killed a cell, I thought to myself, I don't know what the amount is. But there isn't amount of money that if I had it, I'd still have a dad. And I had an interesting that you come with that perspective because I've doubt that I would never be in that position again, right? So when my cousin died, you know, it's his daughter was in private school. I'm like, no, I keep her in the school. You're the only guy when he comes now, right? He didn't have life insurance and I, right? So I'm like, I'm not keeping her in school. I got it, you know, like, I'll take you to the bottom of the new playground. I fucking, we got a bunch of gifts for him. You know, I try to be like a father figure. But I ain't know that was gonna happen. Yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad. I'm glad you're a story too, right? So a lot of people criticize me all the time for not talking about what's going on in Sudan, which, you know, I've been vocal about it a bunch of times. But I'll tell this story. My uncle used to work for the omitabashir administration, which, you know, now he's in jail for fucking war crimes and show like that. Oh, so, and this is North Sudan's. And he used to be one country before the Civil War and it got to split up and that's a whole other conversation. Yeah. Loads to resort, anyone that had worked under the Bashir administration, they were looking at kill them. So he needed to get the fuck out of the country. And my parents didn't have the money to get them a flight to Qatar. So they hit me and they say, hey, we need $3,000 to get your uncle out. You know what I mean? They're looking from, they're gonna kill them. I was like, yeah, what the fuck of course is. Whatever, you guys have my card, but I'ma taken get them now out of there. Could you imagine, like, had I not had that money? Bro, his blood would be on my hands. Right. And this is why I saw important guys, like obviously we're giving you guys the most serious situation when you might need that money. But it could be life for death sometimes. Because people are really in a bad spot. And they don't have nowhere to turn. And you might be the person that puts them in a situation where they can avoid dying. Obviously this is an extreme situation. It's a string. But you never know. You never know man. So, you know what's going on this for dinner? And now it's fucking awful. And I've talked about it with the Civil War and how they're fighting amongst each other. Shit's real man. You know, in other parts of the world. And I don't think people understand what it's like to be in America and they don't have an appreciation for our speaking English. Having an American passport, being in the best country in the world, all the opportunity here. People would kill to have that shit. But we're over here complaining. Well, people like workers here. Shut the fuck up, bro. It like lies people have never been anywhere that's actually built and seen people starving and dying. Like I think anyone that has an issue of motivation, all you motherfuckers should go to a dergal country and hang out for a month and realize how good you have it. And we'll come back to America. Christopher fucking floor and never forget when our 15 years old went to Egypt. I spent a couple of months there and it was fucking terrible. Yeah, the guy where people think it's nice. No, Cairo is not sweet. It sucks. Came back to America. I never forgot I fucking kissed the floor at the JFK International. And I said, bro, I had a newfound appreciation for a little bit of a state. But people need that sometimes because people are for reality check, man. Yeah, it's like need to read out. That's why it's important to like in your story, in my story, why it's so important to have that money, man. You never know. If it's win, right? Like the next tragedy is around the corner. Like nobody's life is an unbroken boulevarded green lights. And maybe even not your like maybe a family member. You know, somebody gets sick or somebody needs some hell for something. You know, I think about that a lot. Like if there's no amount of money that if I had it, you know what I'm saying, I still have a dead. That's all the reason why you know what? I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to let that happen again. And that's a big motivation for me. And I've said, yeah. And then I think also the other thing, I think you owe it to your parents to be able to like put them in a position where they could say, I don't want to work anymore. I think that's important to I think, you know, it's your duty as a man to retire your mom. Yeah. So now I've been talking to him on mom for years. She needs to quit her job. She still works here and there, but that's because she gets bored, right? Yeah. Like everyone was like, I was wondering who something. But you know, I tell her like, look, you're not in a position where you need to work. Like you had to. Yeah. That's what's up. So I think that's very important too. Yeah, 100%. So that's the savings comes in. And then obviously the support of woman. And then what was the next one? You said, yeah, so if you're going to shape being a shape, I've been only to talk about that on in there for like the 10 years. But why do you think it's important? You know, I think if, you know, for those that might hate exercise, I think even if you hate exercise, discipline and the skills that it teaches you of, you know, delayed gratification, being disciplined outside of the gym. And another thing too is like, keeps you away from all the bullshit. You're going to be a lot less reluctant to do drugs or drink alcohol if you just busted your ass in the gym earlier that day. So it'll keep you more honest as well. And then you learn these character traits that will take you another parts of life. You know, the reason I became a trainer is because we, you know, when I first got in the fitness, because I used to give a lot of fights and high school music. And I wanted to win fights. So I started working for violence. Like when a lot of people get workout for, for bailing, this is a bitch. I was like, now I want to fight. Yeah, I better want to be more effective. But what I know is like, I got a big idea to need to fight. Yeah, right. You know, predators look for prey. People just don't fuck with you as much. Yep. I remember I went away for a summer and then when that summer worked with a family friend who was a big, a training one of the years old, the best trainer in Chicago, uh, in R.M. Hammond. And uh, he was on the south side. He let me work out with him. You know, he was on a fairer kind, uh, bodyguard. Yeah. He's like, he's nice and cool. And of course he's a geek. And you know, he, he taught me on a box. He was a golden glove champion and all take a shit and I worked with him like all summer. And I was like, man, I can't wait for one of these little folks sucks and shit. And then nobody, it was numbers all right. Yeah. And in fact, they started asking me for work out advice. Yeah. So I started kind of training them. And I know that poe personality changed. People will be shocked at like how just building yourself up in the gym a little bit will deter a lot of bullshit. Yeah. You know, why to give them more, I guess, an example. Why do we not fuck a rush of that bad or like that much? Right. We do things here and there, but it's always through proxy. Right. Have a form at a bowl. They have a nuclear arsenal. They got more of it. One murder will opponent. You know, and then same thing will rush. Why do they not fuck with us? Like everything is done through other countries and proxy. Yeah. The reality is both of ours are nuclear powers. And we know that we can destroy each other there. So that mutually assured destruction are on a clean enough maintain space. Yeah, man. It also changes their personality. You know, because to get in shape, you got to start keeping these promises that you make yourself every day. And it get a lot of people that struggle with confidence. And I think, man, you let me give myself a reason to become getting broke. But when you start doing the things, you're supposed to where they even write, working out right, drinking enough water, getting enough sleep. You start keeping these little promises. Make this every day. You start to trust yourself more. And you actually give yourself a reason to be confident. Yep. You can't just make it up. Confidence comes from confidence. Yeah. Confidence leads to accomplishments where suddenly it's too confident. Yeah. This is like a trajectory that can't be fucked with. Because if you try to just let me just get the confidence, it's not going to be authentic. And you like yourself more. Yep. It made it somebody you care about. It's telling you what every day I'm doing this for you. And they don't do it. Over time, you probably going to have some disdain for that person. Of course. But that person is you. It that person does something that's good for you every day. It does the thing, even if it's difficult for him, you'll like that person. You'll appreciate that person. That person is you. That is absolutely true, man. I mean, if you can't even tell yourself the truth, then you got some big problems coming your way. If you say you're going to work out, you don't. You don't in a proud yourself if you do that. Yeah. And if you keep doing that over and over again, push up of, you know, 80, or 80, or 90. Then you have to, you know, have substances or different things to make you feel better, right? To mitigate the feeling of inadequacy that you're experiencing. Because you know, you know you don't, you know you don't, which is supposed to do it. Yeah. That's where the depression comes in. I remember me and my neighbor were talking about this. An answer to that mention is too, where we say like depression is real. And what we mean by that is like, we're not talking about the clinical depression, but when people feel sad and you know, they get depressed or whatever. That's honestly a healthy, vibrant, you being a fucking loser. Sometimes that should make sense. And sometimes if you look at your life or do you look, that means you're a behavior, right? You're like the things you're doing every day is like, why should you be happy with yourself? You've got to give yourself a reason to like yourself for a reason to be happy with who you are. Yeah, happiness, you know, we've been sold this fairy tale happiness is deserved. No, it's earned. And it's earned every single day. Like you have to earn being happy. I think once people can get over that and realize that their happiness is truly like that's on you. It's not on the side or anybody else. That'll put more accountability on them. But with this world, like everyone deserves to be happy. You're like, no, you don't grow up. You know, like kids, like children, like you, you can make a kid happy by giving them some toys or taking them to the amusement park or something. You know, letting them watch TV, right? But as an adult, you know, it's got to come from within. You've got to make it yourself. And nothing too, I think, you know, just the way things are in life. Like there's always that polarity, right? There's no up without down. There's no sad without happy. Like there is no hate without love. So you need to experience all those different emotions to actually have an appreciation for it. You know, you look at a lot of these like young celebs or streamers that are making millions of ponies of dollars. They always get depressed or take some time off or like to have an issue in the reason why is because, well, if you became a millionaire 21 years old, do you really have the prerequisite life experience? So I appreciate that money and appreciate that status. And they've never thought about it. And at that time, you don't. You end up like as a spoiled fucking brat because if you didn't get out the mud, then you don't know what the mud feels like. So that's another thing too, where I think it's very important that people understand, you know, if you're following somebody for advice, whatever, what's their life story, right? Where they in your shoes, where they in a similar situation. And this is kind of where that maturity and getting someone that's actually been through it is very important. Yeah, that's the fact. So we got being over 35. Yeah, making six figures. Having six months to say, being in shape, what else did you have? Well, and then the last one, this is the most, my most controversial one, as you need to hook out with 50 girls. 50 girls. So everyone in the traditional, conservative space, whether it's bench up here or over any of these other like big, conservative commentators, you know, they always criticize me for this and say, oh, well, you're promoting degeneracy, you're promoting sex without Adamarage and show me that. Though I understand there are arguments and I respect it, what I think people need to kind of understand, especially in that conservative space, because a lot of them tend to be fucking delusional. Most people in the United States identify a secular. Most people aren't devout Christians, most people aren't devout, most of them most devout Jews. So with that said, you kind of have to adapt for the new normal, because we live in a world now where I call it like a deregulated sexual marketplace. What that basically means is anyone can hook up with anyone assuming age of consent is meant. Yeah, right? It's fucking crazy now. We thought that would be a good idea in the 60s like, yeah, like women hook up with who they want free love. We could all get laid. So what they don't realize is if you give women the power to decide who they want, where they're going to do, they're going to pick the cream of the crop. Yeah. That's what they naturally do. And then you compound that with what we were discussing earlier where they have their own jobs. Okay, you got two bad bitches. They don't really fucking need them majority guys. And this is why I'm also going to announce these guys as mosquitoes. And that's kind of like me painting the picture of where we are in society. Religion is no longer a valid way to contain FEMA hypergamy. We used to be able to shame them for being three or fours. We've started to met the state. Yeah, we all that shit. Like we had all these days and words, shit, as the state came to burn a witch from now, it's no more. Man, check them right around the brulement and she just chilling. Yeah, actually they learned them to be witches. So since we don't have these things in place, though, more, these chicks are out of line, bro. They're out of order. Minister Javies of the Lairs. He said this shit. Bro, if Jesus Christ can't save these holes, what the fuck makes you think you can. Like lies, girls don't have God in their life. So to have this concept of, we need to be traditionally conservative and all of the shit, it's just not applicable in today's society. So all that to say this. 50 women will put you in a position where you understand hypergamy. You understand female nature to a degree. And most importantly, you've been laid before. So girls can't leverage sex against you from compliance. We all know what girls do. Hey, you want some pussy? I'm going to danglet you need to do XYZ. I didn't think about that part. Now I was starting to make this to me. Even though sitcoms do do something the girl don't like. And she's like, oh, you're not getting them. It is, you know, like damn. Yeah. And it's not, not only is it like shown openly, it's incentivized for women to leverage sex against men real minds. Yeah. So with that said, we know what their weapon is. The modern woman's weapon is this. I'm going to sell you purity. And I'm going to leverage sex against you for some type of compliance. But what men don't know is that when you allow her to exercise that, um, leverage on you for the sex for compliance, which you've inadvertently done, you've given her the frame. Yeah. You've used the frame. How was the game? Boom. It's better lose the girl than lose the frame. Yeah. And then guys, we'll marry. That's not true. Yeah, it is. How many you dumb as niggas sit there and say, I'm in my man cave. Happy wife, happy life. Let me run this one when we grow friends. Yeah. Yeah. That's where we are in society. Where? Men now. It's popularized and socially acceptable to have your woman be the final decision maker. Yeah. What kind of fucked up world is that? It's ridiculous, dude. So like in my mind, I'm, I'm like one of the few people fighting back against this. Like no, it's happy king happy kingdom. That chick's got to listen to you, not the other way around. I'll be fucking damned. I'm going to have my own house and have. Look, man cave. But that's what we are. And we're there because men get interlaceships. Yeah. They're scared to lose the girl. They don't have the prerequisites sexual experience. Yeah. And the next thing you know, she's running circles against them. And I'll use this one analogy and I'll turn it back to you. If I told you, right, that you're going to have the most important boxing match of your life at 40 years old. And you're going to be getting in the ring with someone that's been training for 20 plus years uninterrupted 30 years uninterrupted. Would you trample for that fight more than likely you would? Yeah. Right? That fight for a lot of the guys is marriage in a long term relationship. But what guys don't know is by the time woman hits puberty, she's been hit on thousands of times. By the time she's under 20s, tens of thousands of times. Yeah. If she at 30s, even more so. You're effectively dealing with someone who has way more practice dealing with the opposite gender than you. I just think about it. Yeah. So like if you're going to go ahead and get into this boxing match, which I would consider marriage and relationship in a family, if you don't understand how to keep the upper hand, she's going to get the upper hand. And then it's just a matter of time until that relationship is over. And I don't think men understand how important this is. And this is why we have such a high divorce rate in America because guys are soft. They let their woman run their relationship and it comes directly back to their sexual inadequacy and unawareness and the woman being able to bully him and doing what she does. But if you've been late before you understand female nature, you have it in a bunnets mindset. Hey, this is the way it's going to go. Well, I don't agree. Okay, we'll fuck off then. Yeah. That's powerful. That's another reason why you got to hit a prena. I think it's a little bit of a motherfucker like Will Smith. I've heard that he doesn't have a prena. So he got to put up with all this bullshit or give up millions. So he got to deal with all this bullshit. He's fucking a sons friends. She's acting crazy going bald and shit. He got to put up with all that shit or give up a few hundred million. So there was Will Smith like getting women before data of force or for sure. But he lost a friend. Yeah, he lost a friend. And even as a powerful guy, that's very famous, et cetera. He lost a friend. I don't think men understand that that's how important it is to maintain a friend. And you having sexual experience is critical to that because she can manipulate you. There are number one weapon. There's manipulation through sex. If she can't do that to you, you got her. Yeah. Because you've got to look around. Yeah, I'm like, well, you know what? You don't want to comply. You know what? More guys were able to do that. We'd be in a way better position as a society. The families were stick together. The women would actually respect their men because they know they could replace some. They'd want to have kids with them because the other thing too, that many to understand and I know this sounds kind of productive. You actually have to work to not give your girl what she wants. Tell them to be more biased. So like, when she says dumb shit, like, I like nice guys. I want flowers. I want XYZ. Like, you need to be able to kind of translate that woman needs to. Oh, I want you to follow my lead. Oh, I want you to comply with my demands. Right. That's what she's really doing. I'm not saying don't reward your girl. I'm never. The issue is that guys are looking for approval of their girl to maintain their relationship, versus doing what they want to do when they feel like it. And this is why bad boys and guys with these dark triad trades do so much better with women because they put themselves first. And guys have to do that. You've got to put yourself first because here's the thing. If you put her first, she won't leave you anyway. You're not focusing on yourself and making money, but if you focus on yourself and make money being successful, she benefits as a buy product. Yeah. And I say all that to basically bring it to a full circle that the number one way that women are related to sex. If you don't have to be a regular experience, it's going to be easier for them to manipulate you with sex. And that's why I'm saying that 50 body count doesn't have to be 50 exactly to be fucking 20, 30 whatever. But I just have to do something. Yeah. And experience with women where she can no longer go, I'm going to dangle the Gucci. I want to be able to look her dead in the face and be like, oh, that's the game that we're playing. Right? You're saying we're not going to smash unless I take the garbage out. How about this? How about you get home? I want every single man in America to be able to look at their girl dead in the eye and be like, oh, really? Get out. Be like shit, man. You know, I got in trouble. People started hate on me because I had a video but sales, you know, it was like a YouTube shorter, a TikTok subscription. And I was like, how to handle that objection, you know, I need to talk to my wife. Yeah. And I think I handed it away. I just didn't disrespect to him or his wife, but everyone was like, man, no, they should talk about everything. This hit, this hit hurt money too. I'm like, what? You all got the fucking world fucked up. Yeah. We could talk about why that is right with through feminism, et cetera. Basically what feminism is taught, not just women, but men as well as that women are equal partners. And I would argue that's nothing that's so far from the fucking truth. Because when you treat her like a partner, she sees you as equal. When she sees you as an equal, that's when the disrespect begins. These women have more respect for their bosses than their husbands. You said two more, I think. Women don't really care too much about what you say. It's about how you say things. Very true, man. Like my girl said, man, guys, fall in love with their eyes, women fall in love with their ears. Yeah. And I felt her when she said it, man, because I don't remember nothing a bitch said. That's all I hear. Dude, it's a lot of fucking dumbass small talk, man. So and then nothing else they had the last one is actually be smart, know some things. Being interesting individual, because another thing too, and I've dealt with this when I've done conversations with guys that are like engineers or guys that are really like, logically focused or mathematically brilliant, they have an issue with being able to carry a conversation. So you need to get out there and like do shit or study shit so that you just know random things. And it makes you more interesting person. Like I call it like via snapal facts. Like you know, you're so open to lit and come with like a cool little fact. Yeah. Like you want to be able to like have some of that stuff in the back of your mind. Cause it creates interesting conversation, which leads to interesting stories. And it may be like copeted seat as well. That will make you more interesting, right? Whether it's through traveling through reading books through just self education, you want to be an individual and that's well rounded. I could talk about anything. Like me and you could sit here and we could talk to foreign policy and we could talk to the politicians who talk about girls. We could talk about economy and money. Like you want to be that guy where you can literally have a conversation on damn everything. Oh, we could end this. Sit here and talk about fucking dead bunny for an hour. If you wanted to be like you just want to be that type of guy where you again, we can talk about this. But I mean, so I think it's very important that people have that diversity. It's not a downside, but it's going to make you more picky with women. When you talk to a really dumb chick, it's going to be difficult. Like the more well-wared you are. It's going to be difficult. You won't want to carry a conversation with. But that's probably good. That is true. But like with dumb girls like that that are hot. Like yeah, that's where like that coffee will come in a lot because then you can carry the conversation. It'll be sucked though, but it's no suck for you. But she's got the embryo stupid shit. You know? And nothing too. I need guys to understand this too. And I've said this before. If you go on a date with a girl, right? And she has a bad time. Let's say she's boring as hell. She's not intelligent. She's not interesting. She's not going to look back on a date and be like damn, you know what? Recap. I wasn't really cool. I just sat there and saw it. I was like, idiot. No, she's going to blame you. I think guys need to know that the onus is always on them when it's all grown. Everything. Like when girls have sex with guys and they tell the girls the a. How was he? Yeah, right. You know what I'm saying? And then I'm talking about themselves. Yeah, it's like, how do you perform? You know what I'm saying? It's like all the onus is on the guy. You know, the date, all the onus is on the guy. Like everything, everything is on us. Yeah, that's okay. I've read it. I have to bother my court. Yeah. So I think I think one guy's know that. If you're a boring guy and she's boring too, she's never going to take accountability for that. And then you're going to go to the front. You got to bring the excitement. Again, I'm very blunt about this stuff. Most of them are fucking idiots and stupid and not interesting. I'm going to be all the way. That was like a lot of them are fucking stupid. And like, let's really think, though. No, fuck. They are. And then what I've noticed too, like a lot of the times, the how do they are? The dumb are they 10 to be? They've got everything they wanted, ever. So, there's no need to self-improve. Why would you go out of your way to understand a gender that you look at as mosquitoes and annoying 90% of them aren't worth your time? Why would you actually, will, will pride? I think I could have, would you have to go out there and understand men? Most girls don't know what men want. They don't care what men want. They just know what they want. And they're standards and that's all that matters. And then when they do finally meet the guys that they want, they're not in a position to even keep that guy because they never really gave or should have a woman. They want the first place. Man.

=== FILE: 8 Books YOU MUST READ If You Want to GET RICH!!! [9uINz4UUfYc].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna give you eight books. It will help you make more money. And if you read them, it will change what you think about money. And if you implement the teaches that a book prompts you to make more money, please, I'll book my personal recommendations, books that I've read and I've read all these books multiple times. Does he under I've read two books a week for the last 15 years? Mostly about personal development and making money. These are some of my favorites. So the first book, the psychology of money. And some of the key ideas in this book are how make your money is less about the knowledge and more about behavior and habits and how different money behaviors can affect your income and your income potential. He talks about the psychology and the emotional about around how people handle money. And right, and if you implement some of these things, you can handle them yourself. By the way, there's a link to all the books in the description. This is really, you know, four main things he talks about. First he talks about one thing he talks about is luck and risk. And he talks about how luck can play a role on the way that you think about money. For example, talked about how people who were born in like the great depression, they grew up facing the ramifications of the great depression after the stock market crash. Right. They were super adverse to stock invest and they thought the stock market was awful, right? But that was their experience. They just knew that they grew up in this awful time. And in their mind, the stock market was a reason for it. However, if you were born in the 90s, all you really know is bull market. Might as well have a few recessions, only one real bad one, but it only lasted two years. So we have a different view because of the way we were born. Still, though, if you would have been investing over a long period of time, you would still make money even if you invested during the depression. But because their experience, it affected the way they handle risk because they were born at a fucking shitty time. I think about that sometimes when like you younger kids who watch this, I like fuck man. My first website, I had to code with HTML. You guys ain't never seen no code. Even if you wanted the right code, you could have AI writing for you. That's lucky. Where you were born. I had to actually fucking code websites and learn HTML. You guys may never have to learn that shit. Honestly, you also talks about compounding. He kind of emphasizes how investing over time is the shortest path to wealth. Like, for example, Warren Buffett wanted to reach people of all time. He made most of his money in like the last 15, 20 years towards the end because of the compound interest is crazy. I'm going to bring up a chart. The way you get rich is you make more money than you spend and you invest the difference over a long period of time. You start with two grand, man. You invest two grand every month in the S&P 500 for 20 years. When I say long time, I start thinking in decades. That's the average return of 10% each year. Boom, you're going to invest and you're going to compound annually. If we calculate that. Now, man, you get $1.3 million in 20 years. But you got to do it consistently over a long period of time. If we extrapolate this to even longer periods of time, let's say we start thinking like crazy decades. Then it gets really crazy. See, it starts to hockey stick. And he just talks about how that's like super important to think long term. But anybody can get rich doing this. Anybody can become a millionaire if they just $2,000 extra $2,000 a month, 20 years. You can make a million million dollars. So if you're 20 years old and if you work on the weekends, second job, we're going to weekends drive over hustle up extra 2 grand a month. You can get rich. The three things you can invest in are to stock market, real estate, or your own business. Now your own business is going to give you the most return. But it's the highest risk. The safest thing would just be to S&P 500. But that goes back to his third point, which was behavior over theory. Basically, instead of trying to figure out what to do, I mean, you want to figure out what to do. You do some people have analysis of paralysis, or they're always switching their strategies or coming up with some new thing, chasing the new shiny object. But if you just did the same thing over an overgrain for a long period of time, what's going to happen is that's going to start the compound. And you will win. Persistices is undefeated. Another part you talk about was sufficiency. And this was basically, you know, win is enough enough. They give what you want to accomplish in life. You got to sacrifice. You don't sacrifice for your goals. The goals become sacrifice. Now, for me, there are things that I am not willing to sacrifice. So who comes from my goal. And I will not sacrifice my relationship with my son. And I will not sacrifice to sacrifice my health. But some people will sacrifice everything. He gives example in the book of Bernie made off her hand, one of the largest Ponzi schemes of all time. He stole like billions of dollars. But what you don't understand, Bernie was already a month of fucking billionaire when he before he started scamming. He could have just been like, hey, man, I'm a billionaire. I don't need to scam the good money. I'll just keep making money. Maybe you won't be as fast as if I was scamming. But I'm already billionaire. And I can just, I can take a look. That's an extreme example. But what I see a lot of people do is they sacrifice their health, their relationship, their life sacrifice too much. What they sacrificed their freedom. I mean, I got friends who went prison right now from, you know, in the streets, you know, they get some wild shit for the money. For me, how I look at this is like, I'm going to go super hard to come to my goals. But within, parameter, put parameters around what I'm willing to do. It's not like, I'll do anything in the comes from the go. No, it's not that. All types of shit I won't do to accomplish my goals, right? But if you're doing anything, next to you, no, man, you're chilling with daddy at the freak off, so you can get your record out. You got to have some guardrails around your ambition. The next book is a book called The Purple Cow by the homey Seth Go did. Now, this is a really good marketing book. The main thing I got from Seth to be remarkable. So the example he Seth gave was called as the Purple Cow because he, he was driving somewhere in the middle of fucking nowhere. He was a bunch of cows, he kept driving by a bunch of cows. And the very first cow that saw everybody was like, oh, look, it's a cow and everyone was excited in his car. They were from New York or some shit. They were never seen a cow in real life and a lot of cows walking around man. But they were in the country. They saw a cow, then he saw a scene of a bunch of cows, right? Then they started seeing fields of cows, just a bunch of cows, they were driving. There was no more excitement about that one cow because there was a fucking bunch of cow. It wasn't a big deal. He was thinking he was like, man, we lost that excitement because we seen a whole bunch of cows, but if we saw a purple cow, that's something we would never forget. And the concept was to make your your product or service like a purple cow. This is how you stand out. When you stand out, it helps with your marketing. It helps with your marketing because now you're different. It does a lot of the marketing for you. For example, Tesla, they have a marketing budget of zero. But everybody talks about it, right? Because they put all their money into making the car as great as possible, but very in the reason of success. But the cars themselves get people talking, the shit that they do, like making fucking robots, these people talking and it makes it more remarkable, right? But then it also helps you what stand out. And because you can't be like everyone else. Like if you're like everyone else, you're going to be like all those other cows, right? You got to make yourself a purple cow. Now there's two ways to do this. One, you can do it with your marketing. But that's the least effective way. Some people do it with their marketing and it's like old spice, right? They make the other way. They started making funny commercials, right? The product is fucking normal. It's the older. But the marketing is outrageous as far as the older and commercial's go. Right? Especially when they first started doing that, they would first brand making those wild, the older and commercials that were funny. It was like super regular. But they did it with their marketing. Right? What's better is to do it as you're creating the product or service. So I talk about this with the people I teach how to grow their own life in his business. The very first thing you need to do is find what you're niche. Otherwise, you're just going to be a trainer, right? Everyone else. So what we tell them to do is I think about who you want to market to. What problem you want to solve for that person? Focus on that and then how you're going to solve that problem. So for me, when I first started on training, I focused on young men, no diddy. It was in age 25, the 35. And the reason I did that was because even though I can train people of both genders and all ages, I knew I had a train for a long time before I started. I went online. I knew I couldn't market to everyone. The way you market to men is not going to be the same is the way you market to women. Just like the old Spidey's sample. Secret, the other is market to women. Think about how the bottle looks to find. How do you name the flavors? Without knowing anything, you just look at it and know that's for women. Old Spidey, there might be a motherfucking animal bite into the local older colors. They have one called secret at some called Powder Fresh. Old Spidey has a flavor called Sports Fresh, Same exact flavor. Same exact ingredients. Basically the same shit. But what it is is a different brand because they're marketing in the different people. Even though it's pretty much the same shit. I'm just going to focus on marketing in the ease of my fuckers. And what I'm going to help them guys want to get ripped. Or I could help any guy with anything. This is what trainers make them state. They try to help everybody with anything. They say, oh man, you were fat boy. You want to lose the pants. Cool. Oh, you want to build a bunch of muscle? Cool. You want to be a pro athlete, aren't you? Cool. No, no, no. That's one of the get ripped. And that's their language. That's why I said, quote, as a trainer, I knew they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. But all my fucking energy was on this person with this problem. I specialize in helping people get ripped. If you want to be a power lifter, I wasn't the guy that comes with it. If you wanted to be a pro body builder, then somebody else for you, I focused 100% on this person. And here's why that makes you special. Two got to his two doctors. One, he's just a regular as doctor, but you know, he'd be doing some laser eye surgery on the side. If you hurt your toe, he'll fuck with that. If you got a STD, he'll treat you for that man. You got the flu, you'll work with that. But if you want some eye surgery man, you should laser eye your shit. You know what I'm saying? Ain't no big deal. What you want to do with these eye? Which one is it? This one? Right? He'll do that shit. Or do you want to go to the guy that all he does is laser eye surgery. He's been doing laser eye surgery for 10 years in a row. He does the laser eye surgery all day. Every day. Every day. He's literally all he does. And he's got a reputation to be in one of the best. Who are you going to go to? If the other guy is cheaper. Yeah, as our poor new, right? So you're going to go to the who, the professional, right? The guy who's the specialist. Right? That's why you want to become a specialist. So I specialized and get a rip. And it was cool. I marketed to this guy. I knew why he wanted to get rip. So I used his wife and the marketing. This guy, it was girls, right? That's why I know all my old videos, a bunch of girls in it. Even though I knew girls weren't watching it. It was for y'all. And then boom, show you how to get rip. And then all my testimonials, guys, in this age group who accomplished this go. So if you are a guy in this age group who wants to accomplish this go, who are you going to go to? Right? The guy who just helped with everybody with everything or the guy who has thousands of testimonials from people just like you will accomplish this go. You want to accomplish this? Who's going to go to? And then the how is how you help them solve the problem? I guess when I started, it was keto and then I did a lot of hit cardio. This was like my special sauce, right? Even though anything works, anything worked, right? This is the way I did it. This is my thing to start. So now I became a purple cow amongst all every other trainer. People will be like, oh man, it's saturated. It's like, yeah, that's why you differentiate yourself. You don't want to be like all these other motherfuckers. Yeah, it's saturated if you're just a fitness guy or fitness girl. I bought this book in like 2,000,000. Back when I was starting my online training sheet. And I was like, all right, this one I'm going to do, I'm a standout. That book helped me with that. I read the 10X rule when I was like, still grind. You know, so to try to get it, my main takeaway from the 10X rule was it sounds super normal, right? But work 10 times as hard as you think you need to work. It's simple, but it's not easy. Go all out like overdo it. An example I always give people when I talk about like, how hard you need to work. Say this a roach in your home. Obviously, this is your home. Not my, I live in a pin house on the ocean. Books can't get up here. This is a private elevator. How the fuck are you going to get up here? He's in your house. He's living a good life. He's got a little bug girlfriend. They have him babies, offspring in your crib. Raisin a family. Happy family. And your dirty ass crib. Right? Now you got two options, bro. You can hit this motherfucker with a fly swatter. Try to step on it, hit it with a chank late guy. Problem is you might miss. That's how people go after their goals. They do what they think is required to hit that goal. They might miss, right? But what we wanted to do, I reckon, instead of squatting the fly, how about you bomb the building, right? Or fumigated. I'm bomb the building. You're definitely hit the goal, hit the bug, right? This is the attitude you need to accomplish your goals. Like, don't think what do I need to do to accomplish the goal. Think how much effort do I need to put in to make failure impossible. Right? That's a whole different mindset. Do that. And this is why I'm so good at the accomplishing goals. It's not accident. Unfortunately, things happen. Sometimes the ball bounces my way, but sometimes it doesn't, right? Like people say you're lucky, man. But what about all the unlucky shit? What about my father blowing his brains out? What about the fucking recession? You can outwork any any mother fucking problem. But you gotta put in the kind of effort that most people would think is mania. And if you do that, not only are you, is it almost impossible for you to fail? But also, also, it's gonna give you so much more confidence. Because if you got a game plan like damn if I did all this, it's no way I can fail. And then you are actually willing to do it, then you'd become about it. You're gonna be thinking, I'm trying to do this shit. What you would try, baby. Now, man, we not trying to do this shit. We're gonna do this shit or die trying. You don't wanna put in the kind of effort, where it's like you'd have to be lucky for you to win. You wanna put in the kind of effort where you'd have to be super unlucky. Like a series of unfortunate black school on events would have to occur for you to fail. That's the kind of effort you gotta put in. You'd be surprised if you failed. Grand didn't say any of those words, those are my takeaways. Read the book, though. Get the audio book, because grant really reads it. The next one is the one thing. So, with the one thing, one of my takeaways. Gary said, you wanna ask yourself a question. What's the one thing that if I did it? You make everything else easier or unnecessary. The one thing. So I see a lot of people, let's say they wanna get rich. We're gonna be entrepreneurs. See, man, I got this business, and I got this business, and I got this side hustle, and I'm doing all this shit, and this how you go nowhere fast. Because their efforts aren't concentrated. They're spreading themselves thin. But Gary says, hey, man, just have one thing. One fucking goal, one big goal, and put everything in that. You go farther with less effort. You motherfuckers with like eight businesses or eight different hustles you're trying to do, and you may think that you're being extra ambitious, but I know the truth. You're doing that, because you don't really have confidence in either one of them. You're doing all this other shit, because you're scared that none of them will work, and you're just throwing everything at the wall and seeing what it's did. You don't have conviction or faith in any of these things. If you knew that one of those things would be the thing that got you rich, you wouldn't do it other way. It's not ambition, it's fear. You're hedging your bets. The problem with that is you make it way less likely you accomplish anything when you're doing all the other shit. The average millionaire has seven, eight income streams. They got rich with one, and once they became millionaires, then they started diversifying. That's the real truth. Andrew Carnegie said, I'm paraphrasing, right? But he said, y'all that shit you heard about. Don't put all your eggs on my basket, that's bullshit. Put all your eggs on one basket and fucking protect that basket. That's how you succeed. And here's the thing, if you attack your goals like this, you can't do this with eight nine things. But you can do this, you can try to do a bunch of shit. But if you put it in the kind of effort that would make failure impossible, and you can only do that in one, you can't do that in a fucking eight things. You know, do that but one thing. But if you did it, you would win. He goes in a way more detail and this is more to it than just that. The next one is five back at a time, by the whole me Dan Martell. That was number one selling in time management. Ain't that some shit shot the Dan. So Dan, he talks about paying people to do stuff so you can work more. You know, I talked about this for years and people may find me people may YouTube and you're talking about this stupid or people say I'm lazy. But let's say you're not just for newer and you know your hourly rate because you track shit, you're not a dumb ass, you actually track everything. You make about $100 an hour. Let's say you want to clean your fucking place. You can go and want to ask for a grab it and get someone to clean your place for, let's just say, it's a making lady, we'll come clean your place for $50. If you clean it instead of paying her, how much money did you save? Some of you guys are thinking, oh man, I say $50. I did it myself. No asshole. You lost $50, right? And if you were to pay her to clean and then you actually worked during that time, you would have netted $50. You lost $50, but not having her do it. That's just one example. I started doing this with everything. I knew how come money I made for hours? Interesting idea, I stopped doing my own laundry. I just paid somebody to pick it up and drop it off. And I worked while they were doing laundry and I was like, okay, this is a net positive. And it was like, okay, groceries. Had the groceries delivered instead of going into grocery store, working at that time, it's a net positive. And these things start to add up. And when I talk about working a whole lot, working and working, working hard. Remember, you got a fucking go super hard. So you're going to need more time to do that shit, right? If you're doing like shit, it's not worth your time. It's not you being lazy, it's you paying people to do stuff so you can work more. All right, and these people need the money, man. This shit's not on task, grab it, clean up people's homes because she's a billionaire right, she needs money. So you actually helping the economy, you're doing some good, you're helping a small business. And then you're also helping yourself because you net more money. I talked about the person like Dan talks about it in person like, but also in your business. Let's say you got a bunch of money. You don't have to spend this time working. You could just spend this time with your kids, your family. All I want to do is hang out with my friends and family, my girlfriend, my friends and family and make money. They're the only things I want to do. And if it doesn't fit in those categories, I'm going to pay someone else to do it. But when you first started, you got to get rid of that domestic shit. But read Dan's book. He's he's more articulate to me. The next book is Influence by Robert Chaudini, who was a time in my life while I read this book once a month or listen to the audio and I would learn some every time. He talked about the six weapons and influence and these are reciprocity. And basically, if you do something for someone, they feel more obligated to do something for you. You just have to sometimes get to free sample at grocery store. Get some free. They do that for a reason, right? Because people buy more. One day they get a little taste. And then they buy some more. Right? Or is it just like they feel good about it? This is why people send you free shit. You could maybe free all for it from stuff. And in return, you feel like kind of obligation to give them something else. A lot of times that's money. The next one is commitment and consistency. But people when they commit to something, they have a subconscious need to actually remain consistent with what they said. This is one of the reasons why I never say a Republican or Democrat, I want to actually look in shoes. Right? First, if you publicly say that shit, it's going to be difficult for you to vote for another candidate or even listen to another candidate. You've made this public declaration. This is the kind of person you are. You are Republican or you are a Democrat. You are liberal or you are a conservative. And for me, I just rather than that pick aside, I'm conservative on some issues. I'm liberal on others. From a market and perspective, this is the ways you can get commit. Small commitments from people. Small commitments lead to big things. This is why if you watch a video on a value ladder, I'm coming to say some cheap. And now you've bought something. And then it's easier to sell you more things after you bought one thing. So they use the commitment, the commitment consistency, which number three, social proof. So this is basically like you already know what this is, man. If you ever bought some more Amazon, you read the reviews first. That was social proof. So social proof authority. So this is basically somebody who's like some credibility saying something. Holds them away. This is why there might be a doctor in the ad about something. Liking people like the buy from people that they like or they trust. So companies with two things that make you like them more. And then scarcity. People like things when they're rare. Well, other people don't have them. So this is what like, oh man, everything was go or limited time only. These things cause people to act less rational. The next one is a rich debt ported by Robert Gealsaki. I read this book on 19. My main takeaways from Mr. Keel Saki was basically when you make money and come you earn, he said, he had two debts. They weren't in a home sexual relationship. He's a guy. He's a biological father and a dude who was like his father. This is po-de-it. His po-de-it is a make money and then spend it on luxuries. Like his new car, you know, vacation every time. But he was never able to come up with his rich debt. His rich, this rich debt over here. Rich debt. He would make money. Right? He gets income. He would make money. Spend his money. He used to buy assets on. And then the assets would make money. And the assets would pay for his luxuries. Right? But what happened was he kept doing that. He would just keep buying more assets over and over again, over and over again for years. It kept making more money. So he just kept all it. Right? And then after a certain amount of time, he didn't have to work anymore. His assets made more money. But po-de-it had to work indefinitely. And that's kind of what I said earlier when I broke out the compound interest. It's the same shit. It's the same shit. This is how you get rich over time. Right? You buy assets. Your own business. Real estate stocks. Shit that makes you money. The next book on this list is I never split the difference by Chris Voss. It's really just the best negotiation book that I've ever read. I'm not really going to break it down because it's too much to get into. It should have been read that book. Now here's the thing. The problem with negotiate with negotiate is there's a point of diminishing return. It's not in the book. This is just my own observation. If you get too good in negotiating, what happens is you can get whatever you want to out of their deal. But you don't even know for the other person to be incentiveized to work with you. So for example, I learned this lesson in the hallway. I was negotiating with this people. I was doing business with it and I got really good in the negotiate and I got like amazing deal for us. But the deal sucks. Kind of sucks for them. As a result, they didn't have their hard into it. They didn't really put a lot of effort into it. And that's when I was like, yo, let's restructure this. So you guys make more money off the deal. So they will put more effort in and then it worked out fine. But that was like the lesson. So just be careful. You can get too good at negotiating where it actually starts to hurt you. But it helps you. This book is the 10 Commandments of Online Training. That's a book written by this one guy named Brandon Cart. And it's basically about the 10 things you need to know to build a successful online fitness business. And that's how I first started making up like a lot of money. Right? It was my online fitness business. It's free. I'll break it down for you. It links in the description. It's a matter of fact, the link to all these books on this question. And the book is interactive too. Every lesson I give in a book, I give an example of somebody who actually implemented it. It's like one of the people I trained. And after that is the link where you can watch a video of them explaining how it helped them make more money. So that's the cool thing about ebooks that can be interactive like that where there's videos that's supported and you can click on it. Check it out. All the links are in the description.

=== FILE: A Day In My Life as a Millionaire in Miami [Vlog] [fPVeISx42m0].txt ===

The other day in the live video, today is a busy day. We're starting the day all doing a photo show from my girls, Bikki Su-Dunai, and I've been here for a long time. It's her first business ever, but luckily he has an expert business coach helping her out. So we're going to do a photo show for the Bikki Meline. We're going to be a bunch of models there, like famous. You're going to be able to learn a lot about starting the business by watching this vlog today. A lot of people don't know this, but I started several fitness clothing lines that have done over seven figures for other influencers. When I was managing counter Murphy's business, he had a clothing line, and this being a few other guys I've worked with. So I know a lot about this industry, a pair of, I grow still in the wake, and we're supposed to leave in 30 minutes. So in the meantime, I'm going to go live, or Instagram, and TikTok. I normally do it on my, on one of my four balconies in this crib, but it's a little chilly outside, so I'm going to do an indoors. So this is how I set it up. I had two phones, I go live on TikTok, live on Instagram. And I'm going to have one light on right now, but I can have the lights up, and I do a short form content on this too. We got all the babies who's the stuff in here. Yeah, they choose to change the outfits, make a move over, panic liners, because the girl got changed, and got a big thing. We had the location for the shoof, my girl ordered a bunch of food and snacks and drinks for the models. And if it's hot, great, that's something you got to do when you have models, or talent. At your shoes, and then you got to make sure they fit and hydrate it. Can't, these holes out here, I'm pretty sure. Neemer came through, you know what I'm saying? Let's get it. The purpose of this shoot today is to get the initial social media content for her brand. Not only is she going to get great images, but she's also going to get great video. And if you know me, I built several multi-eight figure businesses off the strength of my social media, of the backbone of it. And then other influencers who I've worked with or managed in the past, they had big social media, which made a choir and custom for so much different. So one of the first habits you need to get into if you want to build a business, any kind of business. It's producing content consistently for social media platforms. It's a grand tiktok, you too. And you don't have to have $1,000 cameras like us. I started my first YouTube with a flip camp back in 2009. It was a $5 flip camp I got off the eBay, right? Usually that'll work with what you have. Most of you guys have phones, but I better than what I started with. We just got some food for the models in the talent and the videographers. Alright, so this is your first shoot for your brand, how you film her. Anches? Anches? Lervous? But that's because I'm a perfectionist. Yeah. And I want everything to go right in my way. Always. Come on, come here, come a little close. Don't be afraid, don't want to hurt you. No more coming in, let me just show you. Don't know, can't talk to me, just show you. Don't be obsessive, it could be intense. Hey babe, so this is your first shoot. Tell me what you're thinking. I want to get as much pictures as possible. Fly pictures, fabulous pictures, as out boobs out. Oh my girls are fly. Can't wait to post it. You got an amazing photographer, amazing videographer, and I can't wait for it. Come on, Cheswell. Yeah, what's your vision for this shoot today? My vision is to learn vibes. The girls are on a vacation, but in the backyard. Because we're still in Miami, but it doesn't look like we're in Miami. But as soon as you see the pictures, you won't know that we're in Miami. Notice she said titties and boobs. That's a marketing cheat code. The more boobs you can put in your kind to hand, the better it's going to perform. We have a lot of data to back that up. If you look at any of my old social media content or even my current social media content, it's a, you know what I'm saying? We still getting the popping out of the boobs. It's a cheat code, guys. So Gustav? Swim, suitor? Yes! Yes! We're going to a movie fantastical. Yes! To see! With these meta glasses you can go live on IG. You see, when it comes to social media growth, one of the keys is frequency. A lot of people want to know how often it is composed or how much it's composed. So you focus on quality, if you focus on quantity. What's important to understand is the more you post the faster your growth. So you need to be at a high frequency and least once a day. Some of my students like Corey Armstrong, he made $600,000 last year. He's posting three times a day minimum. When I first started my YouTube, I was posting twice a day, 6am, 6pm. And the CEO of Instagram came out with a real, he said explicitly, the more you post the faster you will grow. So we need to have high frequency, high frequency posting. But then there's the question of quality versus quantity. I understand what people say that, but the problem is sometimes people will not post because they're trying to be too perfect. Post with your phone. You don't need a fancy camera, you don't need fancy equipment, you don't need the fucking Telun vibes. You don't need all the shit we had, work your way up to that, start with your phone. And the quality comes from the quantity. This is very important. Quality comes from quantity. Putting out quality content is not about the equipment. It's about your talent, your skill level, and editing, and in filming and coming up with ideas. That comes from practice. And on the way you get good fast, it's the post frequently. And then you get feedback. You know what works and what doesn't. So the quality comes from quantity. If you start posting at least every day, you're going to get better way faster than somebody who's only posting once a week. And if you post three times a day, you're going to get better three times a day. And it's fair. So the quality will come from the quantity. And don't worry about putting out shit that ain't good right now, if you have a small following. Because the beauty of having a small following is nobody's going to see the wack shit. No one's going to see the wack shit. Right? And as you improve, you'll start to gain your following. Right? So frequency is super important. And you're fluent all the way from New York for her shoes. She can build this into a billion dollar brand. I'll be a stay home husband. I'll cook for every night. I'll be a stay home. I'll be a stay home. But until then. We got the importance of content. We got the importance of frequency. High frequency. But the third thing we need to focus on is make sure we're posted on the type of content that will bring sales. Because I know a lot of influencers who have tons of followers, hundreds of thousands of followers. But they're broke. I remember this one girl she wanted to join a high ticket trainer. And she had 500,000 subscribers. But she didn't have 500 dollars in her bank account. I was on a sales call with her. And she was like, oh, I want to do it. So bad. Just don't have the money. And then she shared the screen. You showed me your bank account. She had less than 500 dollars. But she had 500 dollars subscribers. The reason why she was broke because she wasn't close to the type of content. That would actually lead to sales. Here's how you produce the kind of content that we actually making some fucking money. First of all, you got to understand who your target market is. You're not making content for everyone. It's important that you figure out the smallest viable market and focus on them and only them. You don't want to be making content for everybody. In fact, some people should really dislike it. That's how you know you're right. When the people who are not just talking market, really dislike your content. That's how you know you're on a right track. And you don't have to be deliberately polarizing. But it should only speak to a certain demographic. For example, when I first started my online business, my target market was young men. Pulse. So I only wanted to track young men to my content. No, diddy. Of course. So I made content that they would be interested in. I had a lot of beautiful young women in my content. But not because I wanted to sell to women, we used to track the guys. No, diddy. And then I made content around their goal. So it wasn't all young men. It was young men who wanted to get ripped. Not guys who wanted to be pro athletes. Not guys who were in the fitness for longevity. I got this one to be powerless. This guy's wanted to be ripped. Right? Muscular low body fat. Because I knew why they wanted to be muscular low body fat. But a women. So I made content that gave advice on how they become muscular low body fat. But I also had tons of women there. I was always surrounded by young beautiful women. And these were just girls that I knew in New York when I was living out there. Girls I knew or maybe at Neo, my boys when they were white boy, blind. And we thought he's with me in the video to help attract views. But then we also gave them tips. Right? So we wanted to entertain but also educate. And because of the combination of the entertainment, attracted a bunch of people who are on my target market. But the education made them trust more. And gave them more confidence in making a purchase for me. All right? If it was just entertainment, like if I was just doing skits or asking girls, their body count and shit like that is difficult to make money. Off fitness with that, right? Because now I'm just an entertainer. Flavor flavor is a good entertainer. But you know, I don't want him to do my accounting. You've got to have entertainment and education. You've got to educational topics that your target market has a problem. You can solve an entertainment that will bring them in. I talk about this a lot more of my free ebook, the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Show you got to go your own life in this business. I really break it down a way in where detail you can click the link in the description and download that and get a bunch of other tips about everything I'm talking about in the video. Download that ebook. So when it comes to making the content from my girls business, the very first thing we did really before she even started the brand. We talked about who the target market was. I would say young women called it 25 to 35. And then I said, okay, what is this woman's goals? What are her aspirations? What is she wanting out of life? And according to her, she said that the type of young women that she wanted the market to women wanted a more luxury lifestyle who loves to travel and loves to be a shape. Not necessarily a fitness girl, but just a girl who wants to be a shape. This shoe is going to embody all of that, right? We picked background, there's going to be more luxurious. It's going to look very affluent in all the models. They're not fitness models, they're women who aren't in shape. They're not in shape the same way a fitness model is. But they're women who aren't shaped, they're slim, sexy. And basically we want the content to embody the hopes and dreams and the ideal lifestyle of the target market. So if you're a coach, you have to entertain an educator. Then with a pair of brands, you're selling lifestyle image. You're giving me to see that brand and think it's an extension of their hopes and dreams. And that's what we're doing here in the show. That a goal of needing some of the homies for a little mass amount on my boy Eli. But, but, but, but, but, but, but what do you think of your shoe today? It went better than I expected. Amazing. Just look at the girls, they look fucking fire. I love it. Also, I love everything about it. Alright, so now I'm headed to my boy Eli's boat. Guess more of our entrepreneur friends. We're going to be doing some match in my talk about business. Shit. Should be cool. Eli has a culture company where he teaches real estate photographers how to build their real estate photography business. I know. You would think that's like a crazy niche that couldn't work. And he makes millions every year all organically. He doesn't spend any money on ads. That's the power social media. Like he makes content specifically for a super small target market. He educates them and it takes them to teach them. And then they buy his products. Did it make money? I just got off the boat. Now where we headed to the heat game. That's good. You know what it is. I got too much getting online. One rule then that I'm on site. One moves up and they go on ride. No need for the telephone high. No need for the snooze. Big whip outside. I'm cruisin' big stick inside. No snooze. Alright, so the fucking heat loss. We lost man. Does your first heat game, right? Yeah. First game, I appreciate it. Yeah, no problem. I had a blast. Yeah, thanks Jeremy for giving us the tickets. I wish you a little warm but. Now did you move that out here, man? We don't go for the more games. Yeah, we're gonna become a good one. It's pretty big. Yeah, I'll come from the top of the maps. Fuck the maps that you're on. Yeah, he's setting up the heat. Yeah, we might seem that. Well, we lost Butler, so I'm, I feel your pain from here. So I'm back home. My mma heat. Fuckin' lost to the nicks. Next fans. Next fans get so fucking hype when their team is winning. No one they're gonna lose in the first round of the playoffs. As usual. Oh, look at they made it to the Eastern Conference. Final since the 90s. It's been like my fucking 40 years since they've been in Eastern Conference finals. Ain't wanna championship since the 70s and they, next fans all hype. Anyway, that's what a typical day is like. The life of branding Carter. Hey, how was your shoot? What do you mean? Rinsausted. It turned out a pity. I think you got some good images. I think you got some good images, some good video. It's lit. Hey, if you want to search your own online fitness business. I had a free ebook for you called 10 Commandments of Online Training, the link's in the description. It's a hundred percent free. It'll give you the game on how to do it. You learn about some stuff we talk about today. Today's like how to create engaging content that will actually bring you clients. So you can make money. You don't want to be these motherfuckin influencers who poor. There's a lot of them. So that book will put you down the right path. And if you want to start online fitness business, you'll show you how to train your clients. So they actually get great results. Because that's super important. Because if they don't get your great results, it's a fuck around. You get yourself a bad reputation. Down over the ebook is free. I gotta go to sleep because I gotta catch a flight in the morning. Going to Chicago, my hometown, get some work done, resounding secret mission. You know what it is. Thank you.

=== FILE: A Day In My Life as a Millionaire in Miami [Vlog] [hKaUSpUgpks].txt ===

I'm up, it's about 5.30. I'm gonna create this super cold in the morning and that's my morning and all this shit. It's like unseasonably cold here in Miami. Miami makes you soft when it comes to weather. Back when I lived in New York or Chicago, this would be man. This is with nice out. For January, we're running through this day in a life video. Four shots of espresso mixed that espresso with the quest. I had to put the presentation together today. So I'm probably just gonna work straight. Alright so I did the presentation. They loved it as usual and now I'm gonna get some of eat. You know, take a look at my pantry guys. Only got two net carbs. This is my girlfriend stuff. You see mixed light. So I'm just gonna give you a child. So none of this is for me. And of course, only paper and plastic. You know, you know, all dishes. Not about the now something called carnivores next. These are like beef jerky chips. So they look like this. I'm gonna eat at the hotel. Only like 12 to the knees. And grams per ounce. So this is two ounces, 20 grams of protein. This cheese has seven grams of protein per ounce and it's six ounces in a year. Now I got chips in the dip. You don't much. No carbs. So I want to show you how some of them working on me. And this is a content station. Right? So it's got all these arms on it. It's got two lights. And I can put my cameras here. I'm gonna put a computer here. And this is gonna be like a station for a microphone. And I'm gonna put batteries here in shit. And this is gonna be a portable content station. So when I'm filming YouTube shorts or going live on Instagram and TikTok like I'm about to do right now, I can just use this. This is how it looks. And I'm going to have to go live on Instagram and TikTok because I got two phones, but before I was gonna have to press Altruc some shit and iPhone 15. I have a 16 but I haven't hooked it up yet because I just been too lazy to set the shit up, but it's in the box. Alright, so right now we're going on my boy Eli's boat. He have an aparti boat wearing or you know matching. Alright, so we on a boat just eaten chillin. It's a little chilly upstairs if you came to I so me with just came to pick me up. We had it the time's crib. He was going to film us as I look at some more section 8 properties to add to my portfolio. A lot of you know I've been on that reason that I've been my new investment vehicle. And a time is my mentor's said that he will help me get some more properties and y'all gonna learn some soup. I've been driving it on. I've got the Euro-Sound in front. Be as hell's. I've got the boss in real estate. I've got the biggest nice home of all my friends. Contest. I've seen my new bravest use grid. I just scooped this bitch up last week. Yeah. 2023 picked up with 1700 miles. The bravest got the exhaust, the tune, the thing around 750 horses. How much does this? This was 390. 390. A little underfloor in a thou. Wow. You've arboned five offenders. He's got the light bar actually turned it on. Very illegal. Don't worry about it. We had to modify the garage and pull the track back to so she would fit. This is sick. We got the red interior. This is nice. You got a jump up there. I got it so mostly for paintball. I paintball every weekend. You paintball every week? Yeah. I got him my whole all my rigs set up here. I didn't know that. I got a rig for you. And then I got a rig for me. Yeah, so we can go, uh, we can go shoot people. Yeah, I like that. And it's only white people there. So you can shoot as many white people as you want. That's been my dream. Yeah. You might be the first black paintball player there. So we're going to find out. It goes, maybe it was just a time for black history money. So maybe our oldies cars, which one is your favorite right now? My favorite car that I drive all the time is going to be the fanom. Still the favorite car. It's the most comfortable. It's the most unique. It's the most different. Like I said, all my friends in here, take my girlfriend out and no matter for going, I take it to the gym and sometimes I'll take it to dinner. So it's a very versatile car. But probably my second most driven. I just got the revolto last week. So I've been driving her a lot as well. This is this is a 2025 V12, 1000 horses. Two and a half seconds. You're a 60 or 2.4 to 60. It's a lot of fun to drive. This is the engine. That's the engine. Full exposed. Just ignorantly fast car, it's an early fast car. But it feels really planted. It's also a heavy car. Yeah, it's not as loud as your boat. The Hurra concert color. I think it's just because the hybrid engine is dampening it a little bit. Still the best sound in car in the collection now is probably the Ferrari. Ferrari sounds great with the twin turbo V8. This one is 650 horses and I paid around 620,000 for this one. This is purple on purple. Purple is my favorite coat. You know, you part this one and that one in my garage, right? Yeah, side parts. Both of them. We had a Hurra cane coming and I didn't know because I've never been here during a Hurra cane. Sounds like let me just park among the most two expensive cars up there. So, and then we got the OGs over there as well. We got the Rolls Race done on that side and then we also have the G-squared up there. In the Euro South side, right? Oh, yeah, forgot about that. I have a Lamborghini. Got us out there. Well, the Euro is... It's too many land. It's too many landbugs. Too many Rolls Raceers. But yeah, I was wondering why the garage was seeming like, yeah, so this is the town's better. Show me the software. Yeah, this is my section A Pro platform that I designed to find the best section A properties in the country. What we're looking at now are the most profitable counties in the U.S. The green means profitable. Yellow means kind of profitable red means you're losing money. So obviously the whole western part of the country, lot of red, not ideal landlord-friendly states, Midwest, southeast, works great for the section A program. You're going to have a lot of markets, for example, like this, a make an average of, you know, $500, $700 per month, a minimum. A lot of the properties they are going to make $800,000 per month. And we're going to go ahead and identify some. So the first thing that we want to do is find properties. Let's look at minimum $800 per month in net cash well. And we'll look up to $125,000. I'm not scared of a little bit more expensive property. The whole goal here is to buy moving ready. So what I want to identify at units that are going to be ready for a section A tenant on day one, something like this. This one's 128 is probably been on the market for a while. This unit's ready to go. Cash $849 depending on how much money we put down. So I'll keep that one favorite as well. And if you guys want to find seller finance deals, you can go ahead and toggle seller financing. And it'll show you all the deals in the country that don't require banks to buy them. So you don't have to put 20% down. You can go ahead and put $2,000, $3,000 down like Brandon did on his first deal. I'll pay $820. Yeah, I've actually not bought in Nebraska before. So this will be interesting. I'm the call and just try to get more information on it. And then I'm going to check crime in surrounding areas. Cash will here is really strong. $875. Let's see if they want to sell this thing. We're going to be talking to Katie Vanderley. Okay. Sounds responsible and pick up the phone. There's a big Katie. This is Katie. Okay. My name is Tom. I was interested in the property at a 505 Saunders. Is that still available? 505 North Saunders? Yes. In Saunders. Is that currently onerocupied or 10-nicocupied? I was looking to buy it as a rental. Yeah, it'd be a great rental. It is onerocupied. Okay. I couldn't really tell from the pictures is the roof and pretty good shape or is that neat or a place eventually? No roof. roof is in good shape. It had you'll see damage from the inside from prior roof. Okay. Issues that he has replaced that I think the roof is 6-7 years old. Okay. That's great. And then as far as he in the air there are furnace or boiler or houses setup right now. So it's furnace with an outside central area. Okay. And that's a central area. And I'd have to look a bit to eat bumper for a stair but it is a full furnace. Do you not that was recently replaced five six years or that old? No, that would probably the furnace would be how water heaters knew but furnace is probably at least 10 years old. Okay. That's fine. Did the question that I had on that unit? Is do you know what the rents are in that area? Yeah. It depends on what it is. The house next door is a rental on either side of it. So it's a great rental location because everybody can just walk to downtown to get everything. Rent in the area runs anywhere from $650 to $1,000. I want you're what you're getting. They're paying cheaper rent and they're... We're doing section 8. It's going to be a significant 1,000 and 1,200. Section 8 is showing around 1,600 right now. That's different things. But this one probably I would say this one's probably going to rent probably in the $850 to $1,000 range. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I've been interested in making an offer at 75,000. I'm already pre-approved with a lender. I don't know if they would entertain in that range if you've got an offer to get at least a sense of it. But... Yeah. So it was under contract and we have a full appraisal done at the list price that it's out. That was about the appraisal came in at. So I'll write up anything for him to look at and desire where it is. It kind of just depends on he's going to need time for his clothes and where everything is. But... I can be flexible on that. It's not something that I can be hurried on. So 60, 90, 120 days. If that gets the deal done at a decent price for me. So yeah, I mean, if you want to talk to him verbally about or if you want to write it up first before you talk to him either way, I can sign an offer to purchase today. Yeah. Let's just get feedback on the price and see if he's cool at that range. If so, then we can do that as part of the inspection and I'll just do a FaceTime with you. So I'll be abong us from Miami. But thank you. Cool. So a few things to note here. One is probably the market for 160 days. That's why I came in, $8,000. Actually, $9,000 less than the list price. She said that the rent would be in that $1,000, or maybe $900 range. That's normal for market rate tenants on a property like this in a small town in Nebraska. That's really common. But we're seeing rents anywhere from 20 to 35% higher with Section 8. The reason why Section 8 pays a lot more is because they want to incentivize people like me and Brandon to buy these properties and then put affordable housing tenants in there. So that's a good example about it. I would be doing financing on this. I have a lender that I would use. That would finance us at an 80% loan to value, meaning that I'm going to put 20% down on 75K. So I'll be putting $15,000 down on this property. Probably get a payment in the 500 range. And the property taxes are literal peanuts here. I think it's $650, $700 per year. So this will cash flow really, really strong with pretty minimal amount of money down. The next steps is that Brandon's going to sign the docu sign. We're going to go ahead and do an inspection on the property. Make sure that there's no major concerns with the unit. And then he's going to send a pre-approval letter that we have with my commercial lender. And then he should be able to close in two to three weeks. Guys, you want to learn more about how you can get into Section 8. Like I'm doing the way Tom's teaching me. Yeah, we actually do it a free training. This Monday to show you exactly how to do it. A Tom, what thing on the little early training? Yeah, so this Monday at 8 PM. Eastern time, I'm going to talk to you guys step by step on how to buy your first section of unit with only $2500 down to no credit. Show the exactly same way that Brandon got his first unit with seller financing. And now this one's going to be with the DSCR loan. So I'm going to show you there's multiple different ways to buy a property, either with cash, with financing, with seller financing. And be able to identify those units, see your buying the highest quality properties that are going to cash flow with a minimal amount of work. You don't want to miss that on this free training. All right, could be willing to give you this free training right now. We're both going to be on the training. So you're actually going to be able to ask Brandon questions about his journey. I'll be answering questions as well. And I'm going to give you 45 minutes of straight value. There's not going to be any fluff. We're not going to be talking about mindset. Ernie, that nonsense. We're going to be talking about buying affordable housing. So soon as I get to create my girl is here, we want to have friends and our friend owns a fur coat lie. And no over here, film him. We got to spy on it. Yeah, yes, yes, queen. Work. This is your line. What's the name of me? Love caddy. Lexford, like, Dean, what kind of animals this? Is it a rat, cool, baby? Baby, you ain't never had no rat cool on you. This is this is nice material you got here. No, for real, this is good. So like, what are the, what are you only use rat cool material? What? Foc. You got some foxes too? Is it for your colors? What, what, what color? My colors, you got. What are you doing? Oh, look at that flag. Why? Oh, man. Tell me here. Let me see the black one. So we headed to the next boat. I'm boy, Eric. But we was kind of cold. My amicode. Right. So we changed wrongs, please. You know, but I was looking at this sweater. I was like, oh man, if I keep making these games, I don't be aware. It's shit much longer. If I keep making these motherfucking games, look at that. Look at that. Our court consists. I went a little bit open with the cards today, but it's still under a hundred. Don't get some wonder. I had to grind. It's so hard not to act reckless. It's so young, but I'm feeling restless. It's so hard not to act reckless. But I'm young and I'm feeling restless. Coming to work, it's coming back wrong for you.

=== FILE: Ad Tactics For Online Fitness Trainers (makes over $684day) [cBHN5JCuF9Y].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down an ad strategy that fitness trainers can use to get online clients and make up to $1,000 a day. I've seen it with a lot of the personal trainers who I've coached, the online trainers I've coached, and I've done this myself when I was focused on online training. I'm gonna be honest, you just strategy with something that I used to just kind of keep and only give it to people who paid me for coaching, for business coaching, but I wanted to share this with you guys, hope you guys get some more this bread. First, I want to tell you how I learned it. I learned it from one of my old mentors. His name was Kevin Hodo. He's a best-aid manager. I ever met. He used to run the ads for Alex Hermosis company, Jim launch when they were doing millions of months. And I joined his mastermind and he taught me this method. But I put my own spin on it because there's new technology out now that didn't exist when Kevin Hodo taught me this. Shout out to Kevin Hodo, rest in PC, die, to COVID. I just feel like it's important. I don't want to pretend that I made this up, right? I actually paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to join Kevin Hodo's mastermind and I learned that. I've showed you my mind me teaching it because he's dead now. But that was my boy. He was like a father figured to me. His legacy would live on through this video. And you making some of this motherfucking money. All right, now he called the strategy to Hydra. First, I'm going to show you Kevin strategy. And then I'm going to show you how we change it now for the new technology in the way to add platform exchange. So Hydra. So you make a bunch of videos short videos. Now, money, this is before Reals came out on Instagram. This is when he taught him. So maybe you make five to 10 videos. He posted more Facebook in Instagram. The how he added them, you random as a five to 10 videos. They're about one minute. And he should be helpful in formative videos. That he's our videos that don't have any CTA, CTA in marketing that means call the action. So you're not saying, hey, buy my shit. You're not saying, hey, follow me for coaching. All you're doing is giving value. Value based videos. And then Kevin said to run these as ads. So he didn't have you posted natively. You would just upload these to the Facebook ads manager. Then you could run them as ads on both Instagram and Facebook because Facebook on those Instagram. These are video ads. And now here's the thing. When you're running ads in ads manager, you have to set an objective. And the objective is going to be video views. Video views. Why do we pick video views? Because video views are the cheapest. And all we want people to do is watch this video. That's the only action we want them to take. You'll see why later. So on is, it's going to be whatever your target market is. If you don't know what target market to pick, within you're going to fail as an online trainer in general, right? It's very important that you have a niche when you are doing online training because you can train everyone, but it's very difficult to market to everyone. If you need some help with that, figuring out what your niche is with your target market is, then I have a free ebook. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it's 100% free. And it will really break down a lot of these concepts that you may not be familiar with right now. But the very first thing is to know who your target market is. You have to know your niche and that book will help you kind of figure out who you should be marketing to. In general, your niche you want to pick either men or women. And the reason why you want to pick men or women is because it's difficult to market the men or women. If you look at secret the owner and you look at old spicy the owner and they're made by the same company, but they have different brands. Because it's difficult to market to both men and women. So this building, the company, Procter and Gamble, they know that they have to differentiate the brands. But the ingredients are almost the same. There's some secret the owner and the miles. And there's some goddamn old spicy miles. The ingredients are almost the fucking same. This sense are pretty much the same, the fresh spring. But the packaging and the advertising is totally different. Right? Because it's very difficult to market them in women. Right? You want to pick a gender age. I like to keep it in a 10 year window. Because a 50 year old man, he wants to get in shape. We're different reasons than the 20 year old man. Right? I'm closer to 50 than I am to 42. You know, when I'm looking away, I'm thinking about longevity. I'm thinking about being alive for my son and being healthy and being able to have enough energy to play with my son and have fun together. Look like a goddamn superhero and have all the other children and all when I pick him up from school. But a 20 year old guy, he's thinking about girls. So the marketing is going to be different for those different demographics. Same thing with women. My mama wants to get in shape for a way different reason that what my girlfriend wants to get in shape for. Right? So you want to pick gender age group, 10 year range. You could put those some interest in there, but you don't have to. What's important is the gender to age group. And then also location. Location is very important, especially if you're somebody who's like, you live in some poor ass part of the world. You don't want just people from where your bro cares for him. For example, when my student is in my program, I'm high to get trainer. He makes like 20 30 grand a month, but he's from Mexico. So he ain't trying to fucking make pesos. Right? He want to make American dollars from Americans. So one of the things he does is he runs ad strategies to people who live in America. That way he can make American dollars, convert that shit to pesos when he's back in Mexico. He's like the king of Guadalajala right now. I got another student. You know, he's from America, but he lives in the Dominican Republic. Okay, okay, me and they deem. And this dude, you know, he does all his ads in America. He's making like 10 20 grand a month, depending on my mind. Right? But shit, man. He out there living like daddy Yankee. You want to pick the location. America, maybe picked the major cities or just any English speaking countries. I like America, but you can pick whatever you want. Now here's the thing. This is step one. Now, okay, now you're going to run ads. You're going to pick a budget as much as you can afford really. Five hours a day, 10 hours a day. More money you spend, the more money you'll make. You may be thinking, hey, how am I going to make money? It's just no call to action. All is doing his value videos. We'll check this out. So this is part one, step one. Then we got to go to step two. Step two, you have another set of ads. Again, it's just value. You're not trying to get them to do anything. Just value based videos. It's just helping. Five to 10 videos. One minute each. Same objective. Objective video views. Right. All we want them to do is watch the video. We're going to do anything. Here's where it gets intense. Audience. Forget my handwriting. What you're going to do is you're going to make a custom audience. And it's going to be of people who watched at least 50% of step one videos. This is called re-targeting. So the only people who are going to see this batch of videos, the step two videos, are the people who watched 50% of step one videos. Right? These are warmer audiences. They're watching these videos. Now it's important because what we're doing is we're getting these people familiar with them. You don't see them what the fuck is add once. And say, oh, I want that person to be my goddamn coach. You don't even know this person. You don't see one one minute video from someone. And then you think you're going to buy their shit. It doesn't work like that at all. Then step three again. Same shit. Five to 10 videos. One minute each. Same shit. Right. Now objective video views. We're doing it again. Audience is people who watched 50% of step two videos. So what we're doing is we're building an add funnel. But we're keeping them on Facebook. These ads are cheap. Like video view ads are some of the cheapest ads. You can run on Facebook Instagram. So boom, you're ready to get views on the ads. Views on the videos. We're getting them what familiar with us. And by the time they watch these videos, they've watched at least two of your videos already. So now they know who the fuck you are. And if you want to make this even better, you can be like within seven days on both of these. That's the way it's fresh. So it's not like I'm gonna fuck a watch your shitty year ago and you don't even remember your goofy ads. Now step four, this work is good. You might want to test between one and five ads. And these are the ads with the CTA where you tell them to apply for coaching which you objective, conversion as a more expensive. Okay, yeah, that's what Kevin said to do. Conversion. And the audience is going to be people who watch 50% of step three. Think about these people have watched three videos right now. They're familiar with it. Then you tell them to sign up. It may be filled out of application. They'll work with you coaching or something like that. And this is why it works so well when Kevin gave us this strategy. Again, if you don't know what some of this stuff means, you're probably going to need more education to really start making money doing this. That's why I got a free book called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. It'll give you a lot of game on making money with online training. I've helped over 15,000 people build success online. Business businesses. I built a seven figure online business business myself. That book will really give you more clarity if you can fuse by any of this. All right, anyway, check that out. All right, but now this is the old way. Now we got a new shred. This is Hydra 2025 because it's more current. And it's simpler too. So with the Hydra, what we're doing is we're going to step one. What we're going to do is you're going to have a video that gives value. But there will be a CTA. You're going to upload this to Instagram. Instagram is where our students make the most in their money. Right? Facebook still works, but we're straight up Instagram, right? It's going to give a lot of value. But then at the end, you are going to tell them comment, comment somewhere. You got to pick a word below. And this video should be one minute. And you're going to post this organically on Instagram. Let me give you an example of one. So here's the example for one of my students. A Corey Armstrong. He made about $400,000 last year as an online trainer. He's one of our star students. Right? And I was so example of one of the style of videos you do. There's three mistakes to avoid when shopping for protein. So the thing number one is getting protein that has proprietary blends. Example at this. If you look at this body fortress protein is on the back. Now, to be clear, you just give it a vote. You just give it a vote. And it lists out way protein, concentrate, isolate. Here's the deal. If they're not explicitly telling you how much and what ingredients are in there, you could be getting what you actually bought it for, which is the way protein. Or you could be just getting a bunch of needless trash. Let me show you what else to look out for. The second is a longer video, which is here with ingredients. Let me show you what I mean. When you're getting anything dietary, the first two to three ingredients tell you what's in it. Estimate Jordy. So we look at the muscle milk shakes. It's water, milk protein, isolate, and calcium. The rest of this stuff is just trace amounts. It's actually majority water and milk protein, which pretty much is just some fucking trash. Lastly, watch out for needless carbs. When you're getting a protein shake, you want to hide protein. A little to no carbohydrates. A lot of these protein shakes have tons of carbs as jacking your calories up. Let me show you what I mean. So if we look at some lean shake from GNC, it's got three grams of fat, 19 grams of carbs, and only 25 grams of protein. This 19 grams of carbs could be something that you could be eating and getting nutritional value. Here's the thing. That's a bit of low worth in 10 grams of carbs per 20 to 30 grams of protein. If you need more help understanding what your body needs to get ripped, get in the shape that you want to be in. Go ahead and type the word course below and I'll send you the free big belly blast or core. So you give the advice. You give advice, give a lot of game. And then you say, hey, if you need some help, comment, pick a word, you give them something free and you want to set up something called mini chat. And what mini chat does is mini chat with automatically DM them, whatever, free thing you have. I suggest you maybe you could write up a ebook, pour these given away a free course right now. You can just give them something free, this helpful. And I go into more detail on how this works down all the ebook right now to really check it out. But you give them some free. Right? Boom. Mini chat with DM them. Boom. Then what you're going to do, what you're going to do after mini chat DMs them, you start conversation with them. Kind of old. The way you want to start the combos like hey man, I see you downloaded the ebook or whatever fucking given them free. Whatever you give them should be good right. And then you say, what do your fitness goals man, what are you trying to accomplish? You want to get into a conversation with them about their fitness goals? I go over that more in the ebook, thinking about them, so I'm not trying to do it. Start the combo with them and then get them on the zoom. You want to get them on zoom and that's where you make the zoom sales call. And then on there, then you sell them. You sell them on zoom. My zoom's are making like tons of money. As you see all the testimonials I have, that's just that one. But see, the difference is like, instead of asking them to buy something, you're giving them something for free. You set up an automation, don't count on the automation to make the sale for you. You should don't work like that. But just to start the conversation, are you giving them some free now you start the conversation? We still run in ads to this. This is the way this is different from Kevin strategy. This is organic video that you're posting straight to Instagram. Boom. So the objective is going to be engagement is a good one for this one. This cheap like video views too because we want them to comment. It'll go after people who comment more on videos, right? Some people watch videos and never comment. You're a target market. Same as the step one of Kevin's hydra, right? Age, gender, or auditship. Right. And then you run as it is as much as you want. Now the difference between Kevin strategy and my is we can make money off the first step. Because it's a sneaky CTA. It's not even sneaky, right? Because you got to do what you're going to give them. The free thing you give them, hat is good. You got to make sure it's good. You can't give them some bullshit. It's like even if they never become a client, they still take whatever you gave them free. They feel like it's a good experience. They're like man, that was some good information. That's the key. When you give away free shit, you can't give away bullshit because they will do more harm than good. It actually has to be good. And you know, I teach my students how to make that kind of good stuff right. I taught Corey how to make that thing, right? Then we used to step two and with step two we do the same thing. But this is going to be a real one minute. We're not going to post this to our feet. This is going to upload this to the ads manager. The objective going to be DM me. There are DMs. Right? That's an objective you could have on Instagram. And the audience is going to be people who watched 50% of step one video. And now with this video, it's going to be just highlighting testimonials of people who you've helped getting in shape. And you're talking about testimonials. Talking about some people who you help getting in shape. And you're to say some, hey, if you like to get in shape too, let's talk about it. Send me a DM and then see if I can help you as well. And you'll have people DM you. And then the same thing. You start a conversation when you get them on Zoom. Both of these work, right? But this is just different. Real is wasn't a thing when Kevin told me this. And the apps I found was changed. This is a simpler strategy and it works really well. The key is you have to be using the Facebook ads manager. Never hit that button. Oh, Instagram is saying, boost. That button was designed by Mark Zuckerberg to siphon money from people who are too fucking lazy or ignorant. To learn how to use the Facebook ads manager. I'm yet to meet a human being who's hit that boost button and made some money off it. But I know tons of people, including myself who have made millions from the Facebook ads manager. This strategy will work assuming you know how to make good content. Right? Because you still have that good videos. This video still has to be good. Assuming you know how to start a sales conversation in the DM and how to do a sales called on Zoom. If you don't know how to do anything, it's cool. I have a free ebook that helped mark you down the path. Learning all the stuff, it's called the 10 Commandments of online training. This book will give you kind of an overview of what it's like to be online trainer. And you may read it and be like, you know what? This ain't for me. I know I was going to have to do work. It's a grind to make money in this business. But if you love training and you love helping people accomplish their goals, you know what they say, man, if you love what you do, you never work a day in life. That's how I felt when I became an online trainer. First I was the in-person trainer and I just wasn't making money. But all online training can make more money. I explain how in the ebook. Click the ebook. Learn more about it. Hope this helps.

=== FILE: After what just came out theres no going back for Diddy! [Se5rxjengQA].txt ===

I don't know if you guys have noticed, but rapper and mogul, P-Ditty, it's been in the news lately and he's in a lot of trouble. He's accused of a lot of crazy shit. I actually met Ditty once. I'm gonna tell you how this story later in his video. Story about how I met Ditty and uh, it was a super strange encounter. They're not gonna ask me to uh, talk on a trial, but they did bring a lot of people to to the stand to testify against Ditty and y'all, one thing they did was they showed, so Ditty was having these three goals with Cassie and male escort. They published like pictures of all the male escort scores and like, it's like, this was like 10 years ago, she said, imagine if you was a male escort and you just trying to get into your life now, because you know, anyway, these are that male escort that was in the, the freak of us with Cassie, they'd be like all humans, right? sexually. When I understand that they're a trial, he was just paying in dudes to smash his girl in front of him. This is wild behavior. Pade to have like most of our worst nightmares. I can't imagine nothing worse happened in the me. It's not somebody f***ing rolling front of me, right? But he was paying for it. He was getting off on it and some of them actually testified. He kept up the most significant testimony from the trial in week two. We've heard this week, a second paid pre-off performer. The witness we had this week danced under the name of the Punisher. He danced under the name as the Punisher. He just let that sink in for a minute. Ditty went and got the Punisher. We'll let the Punisher speak from self. And he described being repeatedly hired to have sex with misventure, a while, combs sat in the room. He said that the first time he saw combs, combs was in a corner of the room, wearing no clothing whatsoever, except for a veil that allowed only his eyes to be seen. This performer said that he walked out of the hotel suite with $2,000 in cash. This motherfucker paid $2,000 to have the Punisher. Fuck his girl. Punisher did just being weird in the corner. You know what I mean? Punisher got $2,000 to fuck Cassie in her prime. They say if you love what you do, you never have to work the day in your life. And that was $2,000 in like 10 years ago before fighting, ruined the dollar. Now here's the thing. So Cassie was on the stand and she was saying that this would have been mad times with mad niggas and some white maybe a few Latinos were thrown in there too. I did it with paydies. More fuck is the fucker in front of daddy. Those one times Cassie went on the stand saying that did he would have one of these sex worker doos, urinate in her mouth, is all super weird. Right. And it was one point Cassie was in a freak out off and then she faced time to her husband. She faced time and why she was freaking off. It's been a lot of women talking about her. Her husband is like a real man. Because he looks pissed all that. It's been. Yeah. It's the definition of unconditional love. And I love that for her. You know how I know good men exist? Because Cassie's husband Alex fine exists because Sierra's husband Russell Wilson and yes. Sierra's husband used to fuck future like the king of the degenerate niggas. Cassie's husband Alex that man ain't nothing. He ain't got nothing but got pumping through his veins. Like truly an angel, you know. May all my girlies find a love that resembles the love that Alex fine has for Cassie. Like what a beautiful demonstration of what it means to be loved fully and fearlessly and unapolled. What I wrote. I got the top comment here. Them same girls would not date a do. If he was letting strangers piss on him. Right. Because that's what Cassie was doing. She's letting strangers piss in her mouth. Can you imagine a doge going up to his girl's senior. You know. He said he used to have a past. His ex girl would pay strangers to piss on him. With those same chicks to be showing the love. Right. You know that's what you don't want to be. Maybe I'm tripping. Girl would you look past your girl's past if her ex boyfriend used to pay strangers to fuck her and sometimes but user has a little toilet seat. You're in it. As far as I know there was no defecation. I don't want to miss quote Cassandra. Next we can pay the usual girls to urinal. Would that be some of you cool with? That's who you want mother in your children? I don't know. She did get what $50 million dollars. Oh those some of y'all got different morality. But you know she got to kiss your kids with that mouth that used to be a urinal. rapper, kid, cutty came and testified. The on-dating com sex trafficking case filled with suspicion and suspense today. rapper, kid, cutty is on the stand right now detailing a threat that did he once made to him. Foxy's lintishment is live in lorman hadn't and she picks it up from there. Linda, what's the latest? I'd be on go. Well first of all I can tell you this every day the testimony in this trial has been jaw dropping today will be no different. rappers you're talking about rapper, kid, cutty on the stand and he is testifying today. Go ahead take a look at this video because this is cutty arriving here at. Why isn't it walking like a rock? He looks at this video because this is cutty arriving here at federal court in lorman hadn't earlier today. Now he is wearing the black leather coat and smoking a cigarette. He is testifying about his brief relationship with Sean Ditty com's ex girlfriend Cassie. Back in 2011 after she and com's had broken up. Cassie has already testified that com's flew into a jealous rage about her relationship with kid, cutty and he threatened to blow up his car. Now cutty has already testified today that he met with com's after his Porsche exploded. So we threatened the blow up his car. The car blows up and then he meets with a man. This motherfucker puff is a super villain. Like spider man should be fighting this motherfucker's. Remains of a molletop cocktail were found nearby. com's his charge with running a criminal enterprise dealing with drugs and sex trafficking. He has pleaded not guilty on all counts. Now yesterday com's former executive assistant George Kaplan also testified. He continued this morning and he left court earlier today after wrapping up his testimony. He had testified that he would buy drugs for com's and that he would clean up hotel rooms after com's would imagine having to clean up a hotel room post freak off. Man, I hope you got paid really well bro. You had been with a hazmat suit. Hold drug fueled sex marathon. A drug fueled sex marathon aka freak off. Some people when they want to have fun, play video games. Some of us play basketball. Some people clearly have drug fueled sex marathon. It's called freak off's where they pay motherfuckin mail escorts to fug their bitch and front of them. What a masturbating according with their eyes covered. Different strokes with different folks. And a federal agent also testified yesterday that when they rated com's home in Miami last year they found gun parts to make AR-15 style weapons cocaine. You go on somebody's crib in Miami. You find some fugging AR-15s in cocaine. This is regular Miami shit. You know what I mean? Academy and more than 50 bottles of baby oil. Okay, now that's where it gets weird. You tell me you busted somebody's crib in Miami and they got AR-15s in fugging coke. Yeah. I'd be more surprised if they didn't. What do you tell me? 50 bottles of baby oil. It's one of two things. That's either the assiest nigga of all time or pdc.coms. All right. And lubricant. And now as I said, rapper kid cutty on this stand right now. How does bitchy stay here shortly? Back inside to you. I learned a thank you for keeping us on top of that. This bitch probably being a damn hope I don't look like her when I grow up. Jesus, that bitch is like the crib keeper. No one that he put her ass out of outside. Bitch you gotta go outside amongst the people. We keep this one indoors. All right. As crazy that is. But it's not like out the question. You know, we had all heard stories about daddy. Especially if you lived in New York. Like I lived in New York, you know, for like 15 years. Like did he used to beat the shit out of people? He was like kind of like a gangster. Like he's blowing up cars and shit. But like did he like fuck some people up, man? I ain't snitching. I ain't heard snitching. Before he was locked up, I wouldn't say nothing bad about daddy, man. Because I had heard some things that I want to say publicly. Not in the like nasty shit. Like gangster shit. The diddy was on. I met daddy one time. Back when I was young and beautiful. I used to be with the one of the biggest modeling agencies in New York. One of the jobs I had was a show for Sean John. That was because I did these clothing line back in the day. And I was supposed to wear this suit at the show. I met with all the Sean John team. They at the casting. They cast in me. They got me fitted for the Sean John for the Sean John suit. And then I do the show. Didn't speak the diddy or anything. But I did the whole show. And then after the show, the chick was in charge. Who cast it in me. It was like some chick. And I was like, oh, you're fitted this suit to me. Right. I actually tailored this to me. You can't sell this shit. No more mufflers. I didn't build like this. Right. But what you're going to do is suit. Y'all might as well just give it to me. I figured I'd ask. And then she said, you know what? I'm a go ask. Diddy. Right. So she walked over across the room. I see her talking to the diddy. Yeah. And then they pointed at me. Diddy looks at me. And he cast he was with him. And he goes. And that was it. So I never spoke to him. I just asked for soup. And I was denied. Thankfully, that's my only diddy story. He's not as interesting as our friend the punisher. That's what I was like, man, this model is shit. Ain't really paying the bills. I still had to work other jobs. You can do all the mail model, all the personal trainer. And I said as well. And I was working from moving. Coming up doing all types of shit. So I said, I just quit this shit. And I just started working more. And I started my own life fitness business. And that's when I started making real money. My training people online. And I was able to build that into a multi-seventh figure business. Now I teach other people. I have a free ebook that I show you exactly how to do. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. The link is in the description. It'll really break down how you can grow your online fitness business. I've helped over 15,000 people grow their online fitness business. A lot of them do a full time. Because they want to. Some of them keep their job and they just do this on the side. It's 100% free. Go ahead and click that link and check out the book right now. It's free.

=== FILE: Andrew Tate Case Got Dismissed [7T1iaF6HAGg].txt ===

Big news, we got some updates in the case of the homies Andrew and Tristan take. Those of you I know I've been friends with Andrew and Tristan since like 2018 I knew him for their famous Metaphat. Let me show you guys. So here's a picture of us back in a fucking Weez in Atlanta back in the day man. This is before they got famous Tristan's really tall. I'm not sure Tristan's just mad talk. Then is this a quick shout out King Kyo. Hey, you're fucking handsome. Thank you very much King Kyo. Can I have you over here in Romania? I know you're like I don't like to drive car. You're Volkokyo. It's Volkokyo. Volkokyo is definitely Keto. And I don't have nothing. Those are homies. We have to have Brandon Carter on why not all right. But the question is basically we get Brandon to drink. Car. My car is a quarter would be good with a series series. Listen, when Andrew said Brandon Carter's a series G and Christian Cosa, I think there's a lot of true for those things. We had a update on the case from the homies. All right. So Andrew posted some shit on Twitter. Everything enemies printed on MSN relies. The prosecution knew they were lies. We knew it over lies. We were meant to die before we got here. They tried to break us. They wanted to destroy us. They wanted us to afraid. But we fought back. It was a game of killing us with lies before judges exposed to truth. All right. So let's hear what Andrew had the same. Remember everyone is saying to human traffickers, he's a trafficker. I just bust my case. So it turns out that I was telling the truth all along. The highest court in Romania, the appeal court has just ruled, but the evidence collected against me is illegal. Here I have a law. We're going to get back into what this means. Because the case is not officially dropped yet, but this is like major progress for the homies. The list of all the illegal elements. Emma Gabby's statement is illegal. Cristiana Boren's statement is illegal. All right. All right. Until a statement is illegal. The seizure of all the money they took is illegal. Legal based on procedural violations and constitutional decisions. We need to remove all the whatsapp conversations which were falsely translated illegal. The whole case is illegal. Every single thing in that fucking file was a lie. And the women lie and it was all bullshit. I get all of my things back. Every and all of the get send back to decal. There's now a formality where decal have five days to mend the fly. Okay. Is that important? That's important. Because I did some research in this. We're going to go into it more in a minute. The prosecution has five days to get their shit together. So the case is not dismissed yet, right? But this is big progress for the homies. You know, paid his bravery to me. I'd have been quiet. You know, they got an infobal. You know, they said, man, you don't want to get to the team. Locker room material, right? You know, saying, like, I wouldn't want to be pissing off the government. But, you know, this is the take this guy rolls, man. I'd have been just like, I just just had to be trying to sit back and wait where I was. But he's like, coming, getting me more fuckers. A classic take. All right. Let's go. How can you fix a file where everything in it is a fucking lie? Went in this statement's made against Andrew and Tristan take. We're deemed it admissible. These pieces of evidence in any reference to them in the prosecution file must be deleted requested by the court immediately. But I'm reading another whole damn nothing left. The whole file is fucking rat. It's going to go like a decal for five days. They're going to move some papers around, I guess. Or are we going to come bust in my door and fucking arrest me again? All right. Or, right? So he even take left that option on the table, right? You know, so it's not over, but it's major progress, mid-program. Because they have to try and fix his files somehow. Or it'll get thrown out. 691 days, three years as American citizens, while the democratic Iran American embassy refused to help us. Refused to help us, they didn't have fucking any interest. We'll take a look, maybe. Trump comes to the office and instantly the Romanian court say, ah, the files made out throw it away, funny how the Trump effect works globally. Funny how J6 was a just a domestic problem. Anyone talking large online, anyone helping Donald Trump call a case, and any fucking country they lived in. I wake up this morning and they say, oh, it's all made up. Go it away. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You know, I could be angry. I'd be pissed. If I was on my house arrest, it all they should for me along. I'd be fucking pissed. I could be bitter. But I'm not, truthfully, my brother and I have been on one hell of an adventure. And we've been closer through this than we've ever been. And perhaps that's why God allowed it happen to us so that him and I can be closer than ever before. Because that's a brother that it's all about. We got to go to jail. We did a lot of dancing. You know, it was fine. And I knew the case was illegal. But just imagine being me, I'm filming this right now. Imagine to be me. You just wake up after three years. I've been to court 100 times. And finally, one of the courts go, oh, yeah, it's made up. I'm, ah. It's fucking, I'm flabbergasted. So of course, it's fucking made up. Unbelievable. So it goes back to decar. Just so you guys understand the remaining system. It goes back. Right? They still get a chance to throw the home away. He called their five days to fix the file. They hit me with a second file to arrest me one month before the election to try to stop me from talking big, helping double Trump. That files made up, too. So I'm right. There is another case. Right then. So do be clear. There is another case. Opings the domino effect. This one gets sent back made up. Second thug gets sent back made up. I'm going to be free. Pretty fucking suit. Wow. All right, man. Listen, I love the homey's confidence. If, if, if, if, if, if Tate is nothing else is confident. Uh, I'm still like concerned for the homey, right? Because this doesn't mean the case is thrown out. And it's another case. Like there's another case. So let's get this jump into it. Right? Fake news week. The reminic course has found in favor of influencer Andrew Tate this week who is facing multiple charges in Romania, including, uh, H.T. In our work. I don't know if I can say that should yet Trump ain't in office yet. I think what's he saying. I'd be able to say whatever I want. But as for now, I may be going, we don't stay calm. Um, however, the wake of decision, misleading claims begin appearing on social media overstating the outcome of the appeal courts ruling. Right. So basically, this is false. Man, the police claims aren't inaccurate. While Buddha credits court appeals has ruled in favor of Tate as reported to Rutgers from Bucharest. The ruling states that some evidence from the case filed including victim statements and witness testimonials that testimonies from the Tate's both deemed in a miserable should be removed by the Fawcantine and Consistencies. But the court's rumist states that the investigation office, E.C. has five days to fix these irregularities and decide whether to send the case to trial or withdraw. Right. So they still got five days to see what's up. But there's another case. Right. Like he said, he didn't. There's another case. And he said he's hoping that there's a domino effect in August. D.C. launched a second case against the Tate brothers investigating a led human trafficking. The trafficking of miners and Jesus. I don't even want to say this shit. I allow. Right. Um, with these words and money laundering. Right. They had denied all the charges. Two days ruling does not affect this case. Right. So there's a whole another case that the homies going to have to fight through. Is this fucked up, man? And this other clip takes like, yeah, we got to get you out the Romanian and even buy them uniforms like, no, make it. No, I didn't want to go out there before they started throwing mad cases at the homies. Well, I think a Romanian I never been there. But I imagine a motherfuckers like making their own butter or some shit. Right. Like if they want breakfast, they go milk a cow. Not to Tate. Some talking about like Romanian. I don't know. I'm not because Mike, you were in like wooden shoes dressed like Jesus. Like that's how I imagine Romanian. Like motherfuckin Dracula is from Romania. Transylvania is in Romania. Am I right? Yeah, man. They got more goats than people. They got motherfuckin. That's where vampires come from. Yeah, I imagine everybody's just like Jesus or gypsies. So I was like, nah, I'm good. Homies, thanks for the invite. I'll let y'all when y'all come back. So you were sick. When y'all come back to the States. Then they caught this case. And they keep catching. They keep getting new cages going on. I think if I just won case for three years, then it all gets they got another case. Like, nah, I'm not, no, nigga. It's gonna be fucking three half black niggas in Romania. Me and it's a brothers. Like, I'm gonna be the third black niggas ever go to Romania. And I'm gonna expect nothing to get a case. Every black nigga I know in Romania got caught in case. Now, man, they say successfully clues. There are these clues. I'm saying the fuck out of Romania. Justin Waller was going out there. Like, nah, you can go out there, man. You white. It'll fuck the dick this is out there, man. Fuck that's I'm staying booked. But we praying for the homies. And we hope that this is a good sign. But they are not in the clear. Tate is a lot more confident than I am. You know, I'm still concerned for him. He's out here celebrating this shit talking crazy. Daring these motherfuckers to do shit. I wouldn't be doing shit. I had to pick quite as a mouse because he's still got another case, man. But that's tape, man. That's that's who he is. I'm hoping this means that, you know, that I hope this first case he has dropped. But then we still have to worry about the other case. And so we're gonna stay keep y'all posted on this. Man, those are my brothers. Those are the homies. I mean, if anyone could get Brad and Carter drink, I think it might be me. I'm that guy. You know, I mean, I've got that super power. He's okay. So here's the thing. When I was last time, I was wittressing. He tried to give me the drink. And I did not. He does not remember. As he was drunk. He just doesn't remember because he was drunk. But nah, I don't, I don't drink it. I haven't drank it 10 years. Tristan cannot give you the drink. No one can. But, you know, these are the homies, man. And I'm really, I'm praying. We keep in the man our prayers, man, they strong out there in Romania. All my niggas in Romania, Tristan and Drew Dracula. All my favorite Romanians. Shout out to you. Listen, if you guys want to learn how to go, you're all not fitting this business. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. Go ahead and click the link in the description and check it out now.

=== FILE: Andrew Tate Case New Update (It's Happening Again) [yrBaDMxeV4Y].txt ===

They have been some new updates in the case against the homies Andrew and Tristan Tate So he doesn't know I've known Andrew and Tristan since about 2018 before they was famous Back when I was more famous than him I am not now Back when I had more money than him I definitely do not now They call that case which I believe is a Mitch Keras adjusts I believe they're innocent Here's some updates on the case The Romania appeals court ruled that the human trafficking case can not proceed in its current form Due to procedural and legal irregularities So basically key evidence including testimony from the alleged victims and statements from the Tates have been deemed in it miserable The court basically says that there's flaws in the indictment such as inadequate explanations that are charges The basic just unclear details about the case right and they're also saying that a lot of the so-called evidence was accumulated illegally Romania and court says that the Andrew Tate's case cannot go to trial because a missteps by the prosecutors But it's not the Smith that's the only thing again Like we talked about last time Andrew seems a lot more optimistic than I am the court still has some time to get their shit together And amend the charges or the case will be dropped even if the case is dropped though the Tates still may face Extradition to the UK for separate charges so this like mad more cases So here are a few potential outcomes right if the Romanian charges are dismissed the Tates will likely be extra Died it to the UK to face allegations of essay and human trafficking from 2012 the 2015 my Forks always bringing up oh shit, man. You know I got arrested in 2012 It was cuz my boy Brian he hit me up on New Year's Eve and he was like yo, man Need you help I bought all these 2013 sunglasses and I need you to help me sell them in times square And I was like all right the homie needs my hope and but we didn't realize you needed a permit And we got arrested that we spent the night in jail. We released all charges were dropped as a miscarriage of justice Just like this case here. I feel you they tried to catch me up in 2012 for some bullshit So right the Tates still deny all charges and maintain all their innocence I don't know where he posted this maybe posted this shit on true social or her Brunville better than a not guilty verdict a judge who's decided there's not enough evidence to even send this to trial There's no evidence of crimes None of this makes sense they print an indictment with thousands of pieces of paper Which doesn't mean anything it doesn't add up to a crime They falsified evidence to whole thing as garbage the cases now officially dismissed no At least that's what I read. It's not officially dismissed. Yeah, maybe I'm reading it wrong But Tates seemed a lot more confident to me. Okay. It's the second time to court return to case of prosecutors who now have five days Yeah, they still got five days This should happen before like in November they're given the court another chance. Let's go back to what Tates is But if there's no evidence to take me to trial this begs a very pertinent question Hmm, there was never any evidence to put me in jail There was never any evidence to rape my house five times. There was never any evidence to keep me travel benefit That'd be pissed too and I'd be talking my shit, but it seems as if it's not officially over yet There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my children. There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my mother When she had a heart attack there was never any evidence to steal all of my cars and all of my money and all of my wealth There was never any evidence to the media which were very complicit to try their very best to slander me to bother my mother after she had an operation Trying to make her cry to make my children sad to make the women around me sad. It's not this misto I wish it was right again this the homey right, but it seems like the judge gave the prosecutors an additional five days to get their Fuck and shit together, but you know a stance to reason man if they haven't been able to get their shit together in the last three years or so How they gonna fix it in five days This is not just about my brother and I were tough guys every single person who loves us has suffered and there's never been any Evidence in the first place like we've been telling you for three solid years We've been telling you just for three solid years. This is a bitter sweet day I'm happy because finally and honest judge did the right thing through this case out I am happy because I got to enjoy this perilous path with the person I love the most on the planet Which is my brother Tristan Tate. He is the best brother on the planet shout to Tristan shout to the homey I mean we shook hands Irregardless of the circumstance even when we were sitting in a jail cell together We only laughed and smiled we are ready to die. You know what me and Brian got arrested me for them sunglasses We was laughing in smile and too. I'm gonna tell that story one day because it's hilarious But every time somebody came in it was like, what you win for me? They took us down the riker's island for this shit So every time somebody in what you all need for it. I would like murder They're right with die laughing Yeah, but we weren't our charges weren't as serious as this we have been system moment We were born and there is no better feeling on earth than knowing you of a brother who's ready to die beside you We are the type of men who will charge at the gunfire after a quick nod of head We don't care we were ready for 20 years in Rojoba we knew this was a setup We knew this was a matrix attack. We didn't expect justice at any point during this But we fought tooth and nail my legal team and everyone around me said Andrew just be quiet If you're quiet you can make it go away. Yeah, I would have advised that too you're just shut up Like this be cool you say I'm not saying give in or admit defeat But you know is it for me I always feel like you know never want to get what they call in a football You don't give the other team like a room material, you know anyway, but uh Andrew's different kind of guy, you know Don't make a big noise about it. Maybe we can do a deal behind the shadows And I said no my I want to didn't know deal either you got to clear your name So that's right. I would not have been trying to fucking make no deal over that shit to admit defeat no sir father Did not raise me to have to take the ain't tarnish by liars and corrupt actors and make sense because it's father from South Chicago like me yeah, so yeah, that's not what we do, man Well fight tooth and nail from the absolute day I was first accused until the last day they throw me in jail and from there I will continue to fight. I'm an innocent man. I'm nothing wrong. I'm not gonna be quiet I'm not gonna do a deal. I'm not gonna lay down I'm gonna fight this absolutely tooth and nail and everybody told me you can man's a good speaker, man He sounded like Martin Luther King right now can't beat the system if you make too big a deal of this You are gonna go to jail And I said I will go to jail for 20 years happily if everybody knows I have innocent Everybody knows I've done nothing wrong. I'll suffer in jail But I will not let people lie and slander the last name take and we've done nothing wrong I feel that I feel that never admit defeat guys if you get accused of some bullshit like especially some so fucking evil like this Our were assault traffic in always fight that shit because it's like the worst thing you can accuse a man of Are you better off being accused of like murdering somebody than doing the R word? I don't know if you'll know a lot about prison, but they fuck up people who commit those kind of crimes in prison Like the worst among us don't fuck with people who do the R word if you get caught fall to your cues or this type of shit You do not make no deals. You fight this shit because it is the worst thing a man can be accused of There is no such thing as light without dark the light that Radiates from the beautiful brotherhood I share with Tristan must be balanced and the balance to that dark our nightmares Which I've suffered ever since I was putting side of that jail cell I still wake up at night looking for cockroaches inside of my blankets. I still smell that jail I didn't go to jail in England. I didn't go to jail in fucking America. I went to jail in Romania I was throwing an Eastern European prison Do you have any idea the conditions in an Eastern European jail? I do not the second time I was arrested was for a fight in Austin, Texas. I was in them I fucking man that shit was fucking calm That shit was cool. They had us all in the holding cell chilling and it was playing videos They was doing some psychological shit. They was making us watch videos about people getting our worded in jail But I remember like laughing at that shit anyway You were he went through his way worse. I know it was never the evidence to be there in the fucking first place I Think God is giving me these nightmares to ensure that my wounds stay fresh Because it would be very easy for me now that the first case has been thrown out one thing about take this month But it was made for this influence of shit like this music in this video There's like good lighting like listen to the background music like he's playing in this shit The second case will follow quickly within a few weeks will be back on private jets back on our Bagaddy's back on yachts living a good life. We could just ignore all this little let live make it all go away No big deal. We were found innocent But I still can't sleep Man, he's wait just wait more optimistic than me. They still got five days Even then he still has to face extra addition to the UK where it is separate charges against them And some shit going on with the taxes and you can't even get into later, man I hope it all gets dismissed obviously, you know, that's the only so why would God still be keeping me awake at my unless he won my wounds Disco her unless he understands that innocent men being told the Rinnison isn't justice just as when lives Just as as when corrupt actors Just as as when complicit media outlets just as when people who have tried are very best to put an innocent man in jail Purely because they don't like what he says no because he's guilty because they don't like what he says They had no interest in the truth. They just wanted me to be guilty because they didn't like me I believe that you know listen there's a lot of this shit, man back in The streets I've heard but a lot of times when they want to get you some people with it It's not just straight violence or it's not aggressive. It's covert shit What are you's women to bring down powerful men? It's an old move justice is when they feel the full weight of the law And perhaps he has enacted me chosen me as his soldier because I am 38 years old I am 35 more years to live. I have unlimited resource. I can't sleep. I'm petty and I can assure that everybody who has ever said my name in a negative light regrets the day They were chasing the attention and chasing the likes on Twitter because it's not gonna be worth it I have done nothing wrong hundreds of millions of dollars of compensation are going to flow my way And it's not about the money. It's about making people understand the just because hundreds of means of Compensation is going to flow his way that would be an interesting turn of event if he was able to pull a Uno reverse card on them You do not like somebody just because you do not like the words they say just because they said some stupid things on the internet 10 years ago just because they offend you with their jokes Does not mean they should be locked up innocently? All people included my enemies deserve a fair trial and deserve Freedom if they are innocent people do get mad over jokes I thought it should he was saying was ingest, you know, and I noticed too Man, I made a video about having like black Santa Claus is people got super big But my enemies are not innocent and my enemies are never going to apologize Never gonna apologize to my mother Never gonna apologize to my children never gonna apologize to the people around me who have suffered even more than my brother and I But they will pay As I said after my first cancellation it was a fair warning because I'm a fair man I did not hit people without telling them I will hit them first by unmatched personality Couple would share a different capability Makes me fear to opponent in any realm of human endeavor The camera attack has been long planned. It's quite interesting I'm much time you have to think and be creative inside of a Romanian dungeon and now finally as the dominoes start to fall as the house of cards of A life is collapsed. I'm not laughing at tape. I'm just laughing at the music like this is well produced I'm real time the counter attack comes closer and closer to fruition My brother and I have always been We were attacked because of our monumental fame and the work we were doing at the time to break the matrix For reason Trump is in office the reason everyone's now based in telling the truth The reason the masculine youth are rejecting the programming the reason all of these things are happening Once by no small part down to my brother and I personally It's not just us, but we were part of the entire culture They tried to get rid of us. They tried to make a suffer and I promise you now that the war has been won and now that my final paperwork is being stamped before I am released The people who have done this who have tried yeah, but even if it is the case is dropped We still got those UK charges, right? So this is far from over and I hope those are our dropped as well, man You know, we really we pray for the brother I had to make a suffer injustice purely because we were trying to do the right thing are going to pay the price That was well produced right and he spoke strongly right, but he's way more Confident than I am like I wish I could be that as confident as he is about this But he has more insight on this than I do right and I've been talking to take Recently he's been more difficult to get into it even if this case is dismissed They are going to face additional charges of essay and human trafficking and you can Pending the conclusion of this room Romanian case. There was also another investigation UK they're not playing around this happened yesterday UK Seast three million dollars over a tactics view, you know, so basically that the police can seize More than 2.6 million pounds which is 3.3 million dollars to cover Years of unpaid taxes from Andrew and Tristan basically it was 21 million pounds in revenue from their online businesses Including whirl room hustlers university Cobertate and only fans between 2014 and 2022 about eight years made about 21 million dollars on a lot of money, but you can't live off of it But it's a start, you know, nah, that's a good amount of money for them to make you listen One thing about taxes no matter where you at they're going to get that money All right, these motherfuckers are in Romania and they still couldn't get rid of the taxes I was always thinking why do you go to Romanian instead of Dubai? I know what they did have only fans shit. You can't do that shit in Dubai people always ask me You know why come you don't go do the buy like the other people because America doesn't add that shit If you go to Dubai you still got to pay taxes and you got to live in the desert And you can't curse. Yeah, no fuck that I like the curse in f6 out of wedlock You were saying you were saying anyway get me So we praying for the taste the shit is not over But they still got some shit to do you know they're doing great. They've made some progress But it's not over even this Romanian case not over even if this one does get dismissed Which I'm praying to does you still has to face the UK shit? I don't know if the taxid is over because they took the the three mil that's why I got out of New York say they just took some taxes from me Like our risk where like I just woke up one day in a bunch of money was going I didn't pay so they wouldn't just took it So maybe it's like that maybe they don't have to worry about this taxid and you can't anymore But they still got to worry about the charges look what do they? Twenty million dollars revenue from his online businesses including war room hustles university Here's the thing though, man. He was able to do that because of social media Right he grew a huge social media following where he got super popular. I get it because I built my businesses off the back of my social media Follow right if you guys want to learn how to grow your social media If you take it to the next level really explode it, man I'm gonna be working with some people taking them by hand and showing them exactly working with them showing them how to grow to social media in the program Called an influencer domination accelerator right it's gonna launch it to begin in the year All right, you don't want to miss out on this. It's gonna be super affordable Click the link in the description. It's gonna be the first link click that link and register for the VIP notification list All right, this way you won't miss it when it comes out because the way to make money is online They make 22 million dollars off their online businesses. I made millions off my online businesses I don't even think there's such things on online business anymore I think all businesses online if you want to buy something you google it if you want to date someone you google Go we out here google and host goes this google in you you're online presence is huge leverage and I think the tates are a great example It makes sure you register for that all right It's not gonna be just for people who want to start fitness businesses because in the past I've only helped people who wanted to build a fitness business. It's gonna be for anybody trying to grow their following Take it to the next level explode their social media

=== FILE: Best and Worst Money Advice RANKED for 2025 [TIER LIST] [UNKCfZ9Pgc0].txt ===

People give a lot of advice on eating it, about making money. Some of his good, some of his bad. I'm gonna put together a tier list, and I'm gonna rank the most common money making advice I hear on it. You may be asking, why shall I listen to this guy? He's got a fucking tank top and is barely hanging on, right? Well, it's because over the last few years, I built several multi-eight bigger businesses. I made a lot of money by her ball in the shot calling. I've been through every stage of the economic spectrum from dirt board to really rich. I'm gonna rank this tier list. Here's the list, and I got it ranked. I got it ranked as bullshit. It's okay. Good baller. That means it's some dope shit. You know what I'm saying? If I say it's baller, I'm gonna be just falling out of control. All right. All right. And here's the things I need. So let's get into it. All right. Let's start right here with a void debt at all costs. Now, do you hear a lot of people in the Dave Ramsey camp? People like that, and I'm not disin-daven. But I hear people say a void debt at all costs. I just don't believe in that. It's not shit, but it's okay for average guys making an average money. But if you wanna get rich, the best thing to do is to use other people's money to do it. If you know how to do it. For example, I spend money on ads, right? But I don't never spend my money. I put it on my amics. And because I put it on my amics, I know how much I make from the ads, right? So I use that money to make money. So I get like two, three x returns on my ads. Both Google Facebook and Instagram. And I put it all on my amics. So I don't have to spend my money. I can fucking double or triple that money, but I use their money. And then the ads pay it back. So it gets debt, but it's like I'm using other people's money to make money. So I ask why I think if you know how to make money with money, then using debt is a fucking cheat code. And I'm gonna show you something. There's a lot of benefits from using, for example, credit card as opposed to using cash. That's over three million amics points. And I use that for travel. I take over 50 flights a year, I always fly first class. You might see me at the playing station. I'm gonna be getting on the plane for you as when you would run fly first class. You get on right after the veterans and the cripples. But I don't have to pay for that shit. This is, I use points. I use points for the hotel stays. Me and my girl went on a vacation earlier this year. It was all points. And yeah, you gotta spend the money. It's not free. You gotta spend the money. I mean, it's kind of free because I spent the money to make money. I use their money to make money. Okay, I'm gonna put the devices, okay. Because if you know how to make money, it's amazing. But if you don't know how to turn money in the more money, then yeah, you should probably avoid boy did all costs. And that's most of y'all. Let's see, let's see, no, I do ads. And even my students who I teach to build their online fitness business, you know, I tell them not to spend money on ads until they're making $10,000 a month. Because I think you can do, I know you can do $10,000 a month organically. As a online trainer, I know you can't even if you have small father and a new, we teach them tactics. But once they start making $10,000 a month, then I know that they have got the feel of how this works, right? And they can start spending money, spending money on ads at that point. That's how I get the students who are putting up big numbers. Like, you know, some of them do a million dollars a year, just as online trainers. It takes a while to get to that point. But if I do want to learn how to do online training, I have a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training. It will really just take you by hand to show you exactly the 10 things you need to know to become online training. It's 100% free. And the cool thing about the book is every time I give one of the commandments, I tell a story of one of my students who used that to make some money. And then you can click a link and see a video of the student talking about their experience as online trainer how they came from nothing. And it's pretty dope. It's an interactive book. So check it out. The link is in description is free. But that kind of brings this neck one. Use debt strategically. So some people, the real ball is I've telling you to do this. And this is ball and out of control. This is actually what I would like to tell you to do. I want to buy real estate or when I buy even stocks. If I buy a mobile margin, yes, like I'm borrowing money to do that. I'm taking out loans, you know, mortgages on the homes, even if it's seller finance, it's still a still a loan debt. Basically still debt, right? Or if I'm buying stocks on margin, it's still debt. Or the strategy has just told you, like using money to make money in your business. If you know how to do that, man, that's the fucking best that it's better than using your own money because you can use your own money to make money other places. So now you make money multiple ways. Say for a rainy day, I think this is ball and out of control. Those of you guys who've been following my advice, I'll always say you should have six months safety net. Six months of expenses say, because if shit hits the fan and it will, every ounce of poor, nor I know has gone through some ups and downs, some setbacks. And sometimes you need to have a strategic reserve to make it through those times. It's very important. Also, it gives you more confidence. You take more risk if you know you have a safety net. Definitely say for rainy day. It's more like, hopefully you'll never need it, but you need to have at least six months of living expenses saved up. So if shit hits the fan, you guys six months to pull it together. Keep expenses low. You know, I believe in this. I think this is, I think this is ball and out of control. That may come as a surprise to a lot of you because you see me, you know, balling big pin house. In Miami, I'm in the Gucci store, the Louis store. But I didn't start like that, right? If you watch my old videos, like 10 years and me just wearing some Nike joggers, Jordan's, even though I was making millions back there, I was still living well below my means. Because the way you get rich, is to make more money than you spend and invest the difference. That's it. And if you can do that, you'll get rich. I'll give you a quick example. Let's say you're gonna start with like two grand home. And you can make $2,000 more than you than you spend every month, right? This is after you already got your six months of savings, right? And then you're gonna put $2,000 a month in savings. Let's say you did that for 20 years. You just use a simple, simple index fund. Nothing crazy, you just index investment, right? In S&P 500, which has an average annual return of 10%. Oh, you calculate that annually. In 20 years, you have $1.3 million. Fucking, you can work on a weekend to get extra 2 grand a month, right? Oh, but somebody would tell them that extra $500 a week. You can do that. And anybody can give rich. So if you're 20, you start doing this by the time you buy, it's on 42, you'll be a millionaire. Every time I say this, some ass will say, it's me, but what about inflation's going to eat everything up? You're shut the fuck up, man. First of all, inflation is not as much as the annual return of the S&P 500. I want to average in inflation's around 2 to 3%. So you're still beating inflation. Even if you want the, like, what's the fucking alternative to not invest? And just let inflation eat up the irregular money, like, I fucking hate when people say that shit because what's the fucking alternative, dipshit? Nothing, shut your bitch ass up. You won't find, like, super rich people who don't invest. Now, you can change those numbers. If you can get more money than that, or you can find a more profitable investment strategy, then the index fund, index funds are the lowest risk investment vehicle you can find, which is our input index fund. I'm gonna say it's good. It's good. It could be, you know, this better investment opportunities, but they're riskier and you gotta have more knowledge. Any ass goal can just buy the S&P 500 every month. That's probably what most he ought to do, but if you have some sort of skill set that allows you to make more money get better returns, you know finance, you can pick better stocks or you have an edge in a real estate market. Or if you invest in your own business, you have a profitable business, that's the highest returns you can get. Like, for a long time, I did not invest in any stocks or real estate because I knew if I put a dollar into my business, I knew I can get $2,000 back, fucking weekly. And you're not gonna get that kind of return anywhere else, right? So I can get so much better returns on my business that I wasn't, you know, putting that into anything else. I just put everything back in my business for years until I was making so much more money that it started making sense to start investing in other assets. The three things you can invest in are your own business, real estate or the stock market. I guess we can throw crypto in there. It's more volatility and more risk, you know. I personally like to stick to things that have been working for a fucking decades. If you want to buy crypto, that's cool to me. It's nothing invest when you're rich. So this is shit advice. I think that's one of my biggest regrets. It's only invested in my business, right? I wish I was putting some money aside in the stock market or real estate at the same time. I wish I would invest in more when I was younger. If we look at this compound graph, if we change this shit, I'm 42 right now. All right, and I started my business when I was 25. That's what I made my first 100k. So we're talking in 17 years. Now let's just say, even if I did some simple if I would just put more money, if I would just did this with more money, I could have made extra $5,000. Now we're talking about bigger money. I would have up this number as I made more money. I mean, luckily things have worked out pretty well for me. I'm just saying, who knows what this number would be if I would have done this since I was 25. I think you started investing early and often. Learn financial literacy. This is ball and out of control. You definitely need this. Just the more you learn, the more you smile or whatever title opens with saying, right? Something like that. But the more you know the more you can grow. Man, if you do better, you do better. And you got to really, it's really important to learn about stocks, real estate, personal finance, learn accounting. Accounting is the language of money. Are you going to master the terrain if you don't even know the language? So definitely learn financial literacy. You know, a good starting place is Robert Kiel Sockies book which they have poured out. That was the first book I read on financial literacy. Plant for early retirement. This is good for regular motherfuckers man, but this bullshit man, I don't plan on retirement. I think you should get a some sort of job or a bit of start a business that you love and you do it forever. Cause like what's the alternative? Like I've never been a fan of retirement just because with the fucking I'm going to do. I enjoy what I do. I enjoy helping people build their business. I even like being a trainer and to make a lot of money, you got to make more than you spend and invest in different. But to make significantly more than you spend, we're not talking about clipping coupons and making your own coffee and shit. But what we're talking about is really maximizing the amount of work you put in so you can maximize your income potential. I've been working like 80 hours a week since I was 25. If I didn't love what I do, that would be very difficult. But I love what I do. So it doesn't always feel like work. I don't love every part of it, but I love the grind. I love the hustle and I love my work. And if you love it, working 80 hours, we doesn't sound like a bad thing. It doesn't take as much a discipline in order to do that. In fact, it takes discipline for me to stop. So when people ask me how do you become more disciplined? You probably just don't like this shit that much, man. What if you didn't need discipline to do it? You know, I was auditioned indefinitely and even when I started my business, I was like, how can I build my business in a way where I can do it indefinitely? It's not to sell it, it's not to retire. What if I build it so I liked it so much, I can do it indefinitely? And that's why I picked a business in the fitness industry. I love fitness. I mean, you can look at me and kind of tell them, I'm into it. And if you love fitness, online training is probably the best business to start, because you can make more money to our people less, get not exchanging time for money like you. If you're a personal trainer, you're exchanging results for money. And they don't care, I'm a design. You spend to get them to the results and they get it. I talk about that more in the book, thinking, maybe I'm some online training. Link is description if you're interested. If you love fitness, then I think you always hear something read that book and see if this is a route you might want to take. But whatever you pick, even if you pick that or something else, take something that you love that you don't mind doing to you die. Like warm, buff it, he's one of the richest people in the world. He's still doing a shit, he's gonna do it to you die. It's homey, Charlie Munger, he died at like 90's something, doing the shit, working that bird shower out the way, right? He loved the shit, he didn't need the money, he loved it, that's what you want to do. That's what you want to build by a house. I'm gonna put this as okay. It's good for people who don't know how to make money. If you're just a regular guy and you're not really concerned about making money, it's not like the end of focal point of your life, the way it's been for me. Then buying a house is probably the quickest way to increase your network. However, network doesn't mean cash flow. Here's my problem. We're purchasing, really say, did you live in? Let's say, I wanted to get a crib. I'm gonna spend at least, it's called a five-middle. I got to spend at least five mil, because otherwise I have the worst house above my friends, right? I'm not gonna spend it all at once, right? So I got to put it down payment. I got to put a million dollar down payment. And I'll build equity as I pay the mortgage, right? I don't make any money from that until I sell it. And that's assuming that the real estate market keeps going up, then I got to sell the house to make any money. And that's not counting all the property taxes you pay, it's not counting all the maintenance, closing calls, broker fees, all that stuff, right? Now, if I take that same million dollars and invest it, let's say in my business, remember, me running ads, I get like a three X on that, about a three X return for my ads, man. 2,300 percent returns per month. That's gonna be more than if I sell the house 20 years from that. I've talked about this with a lot of my friends. I even, like a whole conversation with a grand card don't want to about it. I own real estate, but not the one, not the place I live in, just because the opportunity calls me. They say, oh man, you've wasted money if you just paying rent. I can write off a lot of my rent, because I work from home. And I can just make more money with that down payment during the time I'm here, right? You gotta weigh that, right? If you don't have another vehicle to invest that money in, to make more money, it makes sense to buy a crib and just keep building equity. But if you have any other vehicle where you could make more money from that down payment, then you would get from the sale of the house sometime in the future. It's difficult for me to see how just financially in a house makes a whole lot of sense. You could do it just because if you want to, right? If you just want to, when you got money, it throw around and cool. It's a luxury at that point. Focus on net worth. I think this is fucking shit advice, man. Because you can have a huge net worth and still be cash poor. The way they describe net worth is like all your assets. But the way they classify assets is a little different. I think of an asset as something that brings you a return system. But most things that are classified as assets, don't do that. The home you live in won't bring you money. In fact, you're gonna spend money on that. It's more of a liability. The car you buy, the apple going in that work as your asset. But it's not bringing you no money to just spend the money on it every month. The insurance maintenance, fucking gas, right? It's costing you money. It's more of a liability than an asset. But if you were tallying up your net worth, it would be considered one. So like a lot of these net worth numbers are super inflated. When you hear like Jeff Bezos were so many billing in or this guy was worth so many billing in, it's not necessarily cash. It's like the ownership in their business. They can't spend that money unless they sell the stock. They can borrow against it. Right? And loans are tax-free. So there are some advantages as far as that concerns. It's not bringing you cash. So I really think cash flow is more important than that worth. And that worth is almost like a vanity metric. Because it's a meaning thing. You add up all this shit I own. This fucking microphone, a fucking crib. Watch this is like, I can't fucking buy food with it. It's a vanity metric. Focus on cash flow more than that worth. I'm gonna go with the next one. Live below your means. I think that's baller. Right? Now I didn't put it at baller out of control because my focus ago, I'm not gonna use guys. And you gotta make your own coffee and never go to Starbucks and clip coupons and I should off the clearance rack. You know what I'm not, I'm not on a net kind of time. But you should definitely be living below your means. And the way you need to do that, you have to avoid lifestyle inflation. I'm gonna say this is baller. I guess they're kind of the same, but I think about a different, the little below your means, I don't mean start cutting expenses, right? Start being a fucking cheap skate. Well, the one thing I see people do when they start making money, they immediately year one, they make a money, they get to new cars, they start buying a watch, they're like, ooh, that's a mistake. Especially, especially things that you have to pay for every month. I'm less adverse to buying things that are one time purchases. But I'm super, super cautious about buying things that raise the amount I have to spend every month. I bought this watch 200K, I call, fine, I did it once. I don't want to spend anything else on this watch as fine. But, you know, if I buy a payment on a bunch of cars, now I've raised the amount of money that I have to spend every month, right? One time I'm shit, I can just stop doing, but if I've raised my living expenses, that number stays the same, but I have to do that every month. Just wanna be cautious about inflating the amount you have to spend every month. Because if shit hits the fan or shit gets tight for whatever reason or something happens is outside of your control, your underwater. Your expenses can potentially go above your income, and then you're fucked. Compound issues, we all, we kinda already went over this, but this is balling out of control, track your spending, balling out of control. So I think you should track all your spending, every dollar you spend, every dollar you make, you can see YouTube videos of me like 10 years ago, going live YouTube videos, talking about using Mitt.com, they went out of business, but now we're using a company called Monarch, I think I want this to. Investing yourself, that's balling out of control, right? Because, initially, you don't know how to invest, you're not financially literate, you don't know how to make money, you don't know how to say about business, you gotta learn that shit. There's only a few ways to learn it, you can learn if someone else, you can learn it from studying, you can learn it from books, courses, either way, it's gonna cost you. And you gotta make that investment. Because there's two ways to make money, you can make money with your muscles, like doing labor, the lowest form of making money. Unless you're like a pro athlete or some shit, or you make money with your mind. And if you make money with your mind, you can make way more money, you can do leverage. Skills are a form of leverage, right? Then allows you to make more money with the same amount of time. The more you learn, the more you earn. Surround yourself with the financially smart. I mean, this is very good for sure. You can get advice from the homies and everything, but you wanna become the person as well. You wanna become the person. Because otherwise, if you just round people who are like smarter than you to the point where you don't even understand what they're saying, then they potentially take advantage of you. People will always say, man, I don't need to learn accounting. I can just hire someone to do that. Yeah, Steve Harvey did that. And then he found out when his accountant died that he wasn't paying his taxes. So this nigga owed millions of dollars in taxes. And he came back from me. But you see how much he was working. His mouth was holding like 18 shows. He was saying 18 TV shows. He's luckily he was able to do it. So I don't wanna over, it's very good. But I wanna overset it like you don't need to learn shit, you're fucking self. Automate your savings. This is okay. I guess it's cool for regular motherfuckers, man. I don't do automating because, you know, if you saw my video on MBA account and the way I do it, I say 50% of my income. But because I'm an entrepreneur. That 50% number is fucking different every month. So I mean, I have some automated savings to shit for my son, but that's it. Prioritize your health. I think this is, this is gonna come as a shock to me. I think it's very good. It's very good. And I definitely think you should prioritize your health. Weird thing, man. The richest guys I know are not the guys in the best shape. Guys, I know in the best shape do not have the most money. I'm gonna fucking alpha guys on the internet, it would tell you, man, if you can't fucking do this, you can't make money. If you can't control what you eat, you can't make money. If you can't, like, you know, that's fucking bullshit me. Cause the richest guys I know are not in the best shape. And the guys I know in the best shape are not making the most money. There are a few exceptions, like my boy, her mosaes and gray shape and he's super rich. There might be like fucking five outliers. I can think of it. But you don't wanna fucking die, obviously. You know what, you wanna be healthy, but you don't have to look like me to get rich. I'm in the fitness industry, so I gotta be in great, in great shape. I just haven't seen a correlation with fitness and income. In fact, I've seen an inverse correlation. And with the two, put a most part. Guess what? Remember to talk about compound interest. If you live longer, you got more time for the interest, the compound. Let's go back to our trusty compound interest calculator. Let's say the average life expectancy for a man is about 75. Let's say you start doing this. You're 25, so let's say you do with 50 years. Boom, do this for 50 years. Boom, 70 million. 70 million. That's fucking crazy. 70 million starts to hockey stick. That's how compound interest is work. Do it for 50 years. 70 million, that's a lot of fucking break. Our this guy started at 25, right? He lived any day for 50 years. So he died at 75. Now his kids got 70 million. Not bad. Let's say this motherfucker lived to be 90. Yeah, he started at 25. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's 65 years. So yo, you live a few more decades. You go from 75 million to almost 300 million. You're good I'm saying. You live longer the fucking the interest can compound more. That's why I got to move with the baller just because if you live longer, it's interest compound more. But another one is be patient. This is baller. Reason be with patient because you know, 65 years is a long time to wait to have some break. You always fuck me up when I was younger. I knew about compound interest, but like man, I don't want to wait that time. That was time I wasn't patient. I need to make money now. I need to make money now. But I didn't realize is you can take loans against your fucking stock portfolio. You get loans or tax free. I mean, you got to pay him back. But if you know how to make this bread like loans or tax free, you can take loans against the shit where I bought it. So I didn't know that one was younger. I'm telling y'all now. So as you wait, I don't want to wait that long. On the way, you can take loans against it, brother. It's all good. Start getting this fucking paper. Now the reason being patient is not balling like a trope because I think success is a mixture of patients and urgency. So patients is like what I said. It takes you to get rich. You got to make more than you spend and invest the difference over a long period of time. That's the patient's part. The urgency part is every day. You got to squeeze as much success out of each day as possible. Squeeze as much fucking success out of each day as possible. You got to attack every day for rociously knowing you still won't see the results for maybe a few years. It's kind of like just a kidding if family you only see him a few times a year if family reviews and funeral rolls and shit. When you see him, you're like, oh shit, this motherfucker. He grew a lot, bro. And he's looking at it like to him. He's just a kid. We're going to use the kid people to say that to you. He's like, oh fuck, I ain't even notice. That's all for real. You know, but you see yourself every day. It's so gradual that the kid grew from day to day. It's almost indistinguishable from day to day, right? You can really tell how much he grew yesterday from today. Over the course of a year, it adds up as our nature works. Nature works at capacity. He's growing as much as he can each day. The difference between nature and you with your finances is you can work a little bit each day. You can work nine. You can work at capacity. Are you growing your financial future as much as possible each day? That's what the urgency comes from. Do all they can be done each day. One of my favorite books and it's called the Science and Get In Rich. And in that book, at least 50 times in the book, he wrote in all caps. Do all they can be done each day. Think about that. That's not working hard. That's doing all they can be done. You can work hard and it's still not all they can be done. And it's not most of the time, it's each day. So we're talking about fucking Christmas. We're talking about fucking your birthday. All they can be done each day. You can't fail if you do that. Almost no one works at capacity every day. But if you can do that, then your success is guaranteed. You gotta have urgency to do that each day. But you gotta have patience, no one that it may not pay off for months or years. It's a mixture of patience and urgency. Skills over luxury. Yeah, I mean, I guess I can't have a fucking win over that. All right, you know, review your financial goals. Yeah, that's good. Review your financial goals. You understand? Constantly improve your earning potential. Yeah, this goes with like investing in yourself. These are synonymous, right? Because the only way you can improve your earning potential is to invest in yourself. More you read, the more you greed. You know? And build multiple income streams, supposed to say strings, but we ran out of space. So build multiple income streams. I think this is shit advice. It's okay. The reason I say this because you hear that shit, where people, where they say millionaires have average millionaires seven income streams. Yeah, but they started with one. They made most of their money with one. And then they had enough money to start diversifying it. I see a lot of entrepreneurs, they do shit, they do this shit. What do I have? Yeah, I remember doing some of this. And then I have another idea, man, I'm also going to do this shit. Man, I'm going to start this side hustle. And I'm going to do all this shit. It's how you go nowhere fast. But if you would put all that energy into one direction, all the same amount of energy going to same direction, you'd make more progress. Faster, you got to move in one direction. This is reverse hairy styles. This is one direction, this is what you want to do. But let me give you an analogy why this makes sense. You're going to see this shit with somebody's land on a bed at needles. You may have seen this shit before. And the reason it doesn't penetrate them because they're all equal. And they spread out in the pressure is diffused amongst all the needles. So it doesn't stab this motherfucker. But if it was one needle, one big ass needle that he laid on, it would penetrate and stab this motherfucker. It would be the death, right? But because it was dispersed, the energy was dispersed amongst the bunch of needles. It was no penetration. That's what you're doing with your fucking goals. You try to stab 18 streams of income at once. It won't penetrate. But if you had to have just one, it would fucking penetrate. Same thing. Right now I have several different businesses. I started multiple businesses. I have tons of investments. I have tons of income streams now. But I started with just one. I just started as an online trainer. After my father fucking killed himself right before the financial recession 08, I had to save my family. I put everything all my energy into a building, all-in-one training business. And I was one of the first people to do it. Nobody was doing that shit in 08, 09. All of us who did at the time, we were like the pioneers. We were inventing online training. It worked out. But I went all in on one thing. Now I teach other people how to do it as well. If you would like to learn how to do it, I got a free ebook called The Tank Mams of Online Training, the League of the Nutrition. Go ahead and download that nav.

=== FILE: Better Than Steroids [hMyndNp0qBA].txt ===

This stuff's obviously a lot more natural, so it actually helped benefit people getting better. So they don't really like that in the, well, the big farm of world because it's not insurance-based. So they're not getting their kickback. You know what I mean? Tell us about peptides. Like, what are they, and how can they make a better version of meat? So the beautiful thing about peptides really is, they're, they're a series of amino acids, almost like a chain, linking everything together. So let's say friends, it's when you work out. Most people know what brands chain amino acids are. They're the building blocks of protein. Most people take their amino acids every day before they go to gym. They help them break down protein to turn that into muscle. Okay. Peptides are kind of, they're different, but they are, they are synthetically derived, but they're naturally already in the body, and what they do is they're called secretox. So peptides boost or up regulate what's already in a sense functioning in your body. So obviously you've got oral peptides, you've got injectable peptides, but they're not say steroids or anything like that. So the big difference there, for the people out there, they don't know too much about it. Like steroids have what we call a negative feedback loop. What I mean, steroids, I mean like testosterone. So say if I'm taking testosterone, I start taking it. Well, my body is going to do synth signals and say, hey, we're getting plenty of testosterone from an outside source, exogenously. So your brain will signal your, you know, testicles to stop making your natural testosterone. So then obviously if you quit taking it, boom, you're shut down. They call that hypogonatism. You know, in the male TRT world. So that's obviously a bad thing. Then obviously your beta is going to have issues. You're going to gain weight, things like that. Well, peptides, the awesome thing about him is you can take peptides. And again, they're going to boost you from your natural level of good up to what we call superhuman. Come on now. And the cool thing is if you, if you stop taking them, you don't crash out like testosterone and go to zero, you'll just slowly come back down to kind of what your natural level would be. But again, most people that take them, you're still going to keep all of the muscle that you gain, the fat that you lost, you know, whatever peptide you're taking, you're going to continue to see those benefits for a pretty good while. Like, you're going to legal, right? Correct. So like obviously they're not FDA approved. Okay. And obviously now, you know, we got the new president coming in. They're going to kick back everything. The, you know, the previous ones did to kind of in a sense. Shut that down because everybody in the healthcare industry, you know, they want you to just use insurance and want you to. Oh, really? Drug after drug, treat symptom after symptom. Next thing, you know, you're on to the medications. Well, you know, this stuff's obviously a lot more natural. So actually help benefit people, get them better. So they don't really like that in the, well, call the big farm of world because it's not insurance based. So they're not getting their kick backs. You know what I mean? I mean, I mean, I think let's say just for you, for instance, post-pilot out there like cancer. I mean, it's like a hundred billion dollar business a year. They've been coming out with a cancer cure forever. You know what I mean? If they come with a cure, a true cure, and they have it. There's not letting people take it because if they do, they've lost all that money. My boy, uh, Dr. Dominic, the Agustino, he does cancer research. Right. And the study's a published. He put people on keto. And it kills the cancer cells. Yeah, because it's cancer. Yeah, so it's like, but then there's a bunch of guys out there that have different research to it, whether it's keto or like a full vegetarian style diet with just, you know, fruits and vegetables that, yeah, same thing. It kills cancer cells because obviously it grows more based off of your process. Shubbers and glycogen. Yeah, you go. Yeah, yeah, in his glucose. So if you start it out, you're going to kill the cancer cells. That's about simple thing in the world. The matrix. No, don't want us to know about these peptides. Exactly. All right. So, so this peptides is, it's great. Bring me if I'm wrong. This peptides they can help you get bigger muscles, help you lose fat. But there's also peptides they help heal injuries, help balance. Mental clarity. What, what? Other some of the stuff they have. So you got subsets. Yeah, there's all types of different peptides. So you're like, said, they're kind of the chain of, you know, acids. Yeah. Well, just like when you're a kid, put legos together. You can make all kind of shit. So it's, you know, you can put all these different peptides together. They've researched a lot of them for different benefits. The most popular one out there, I think, in the world. We sell the most of it is our BPC 157. Yeah. And then TB 500. Those are two different ones. But in combination, they really, it's the Wolverine peptide. Like I said Wolverine can't die. You can stab it, you can cut it. You know, other than just probably chopping his head off. Yeah. Can't die. You know what I mean? So it's like, it caught the Wolverine peptide because it's incredible. I mean, it heals up injuries. So let's say you, you went to the gym tomorrow and you tore your meniscus in your knee. Well, we could start doing BPC TB injections in the knee. More than likely four to six weeks later, that injury is going to be healed up. Rotator cuff tears. And how long would that thing go without, like, that if you just let it go? So a lot of the time they would need surgery. I think they would have all the surgeries. Yeah, a lot of guys with meniscus need to have microscopic surgery. My dad's orthopedic surgery. They'd go in and honestly like scope it, debr, which means kind of clean area. Get the breed it tore off out of there. So it doesn't catch. You know, you would need at least something like that. And a lot of time you can, yeah, do BPC, TB 500 together for a certain time. And they get healed faster. Exactly. I tore my, my quad. My real years ago on the side. I mean, black and blue. I had, yeah, it's a stage two tear that needs surgery. But I mean, it's, if this is an actual muscle together, it's torn almost all the way. Kind of that. Just not fully apart, but like right hanging on that. Yeah. You know, they're like, hey, three to six months to be 100%. I mean, I was back in the gym doing one 35 squats in four weeks. Yeah, because it's four weeks. And I was injected again, the peptides every day. So let me ask questions. So I used to do a lot of like calisthenics stuff, you know, like bar stars and like a right. I messed up and you saw muscle ups. Oh, like kills the elbow, like wrist and joints. And then I got kind of heavy, you know, like I went up a lot of muscle. And I was, and I was showing off. I was doing the human flag where you grabbed right holding hold yourself sideways. And I did that like this and my fucking biases. We did, but I went to the emergency room. Yeah, I thought they tore it. I thought they didn't tear it. But it's never been right, assistant. So you tell me if I take this stuff, it'll, it'll heal up. Yeah, exactly. So if you've still got some residual issue damage, scar tissue, it can kind of help. Number one, the biggest thing with that would be getting rid of the pain if you're still just having daily pain when you train. You know, it's just, it's just comfortable. So yeah, I had, uh, stem cells, not stem cells. It was the other things. Licen cells, but it's not PRP. But they, they couldn't get the actual stem cells. So it was something else. And they, they put that in there. And it was better. But it's not heal. But yeah, exactly. I mean, the BPC, TB combo. That heal that right. I mean, you know, the biggest benefits for men is going to be, you know, if you have cortisol damage, or adrenal insufficiency, which means your adrenal glands control some of the blood sugar, sleep regulation, how tired you feel. I mean, it heals that up. Got damage pain, obviously. It's like tendon damage. Panicia. It's for a bit. Yeah, it's just, it's just, oh, again, Wolverine peptide. It's going to just heal you up. It has a ton of benefits. But I mean, what's up with the biggest? Yeah, realistically, my opinion, no, I mean, overall generally peptides just like if you took a supplement too much. I mean, potentially over a really long time, you could have a little bit of issue. With your kidneys, you know, if you're healthy, you're drinking water, your eaten proper, things like that, you're not really going to have any negative side effects. The biggest negative side effect from some of the peptides would be just when you do your injection, you might get kind of flushed feeling with something like the CJC 1295, if a more than mix, you'll kind of just almost feel like you took nice and you'll get kind of a little tingly feeling. Almost like you take pre-work out. I'm sure you get that nice and watch. I like that. You get that feeling for four or five minutes. That's how you know you took it. Oh, yeah, let's go. So kind of leading into that when the CJC, if a moreland isn't awesome one, we got we got we got we got the the BPC 157 TB 500. That's again, that's a combo balloon. It's two different ones, but again, synergistically, they're amazing together. That's Wolverine. The CJC 1295. Who comes over these names? One R2D2. Like you said, if you start calling out the chemical names are so long and you're just like, what, most people lay them in terms aren't going to know. CJC 1295. Well, what does this do? And that one again, there's a DAC version and a no DAC. So ours is a no DAC. It means it's it changes the half life. If people know a half life is how long it's in your body or I, your bloodstream, before it gets out. So like what's the purpose? Herb is the C-d-c 1295 if a moreland mix is going to be to me. That's the end. I'll be all pepped out if you're a starter. You want to start with the bepped out. That's the one for growth hormone. So it's a growth hormone. Segrotalk. So it's going to increase growth hormone levels, which is going to help with deeper rim sleep and recovery. Obviously better workouts. Huge thing is going to be hair skin and nail health. Massive amounts of collagen produce. So it's going to really obviously reverse the aging to an extent. So let's say an aging example. So CJC of Moreland, my opinion, it's kind of the end of all be off your starting boom. That's the first women taking this. Oh women. Yeah, say for men and women incredible for them, again, same thing. No people are so, I would imagine some people taking that one just for like beauty. Exactly. We have one specifically formerly. And I told you about earlier we'll get into. Yeah. It's like the end all be off for anti aging. But yes, a lot of people take the CJC of Moreland for just the women love it for the anti aging and fat loss, obviously. Oh, and so how long would it take you to start noticing you fix? Now, again, I can't speak for everyone's product because of obviously quality, potency period. Like that. Yeah, ours. I mean, this fitness influencer, pro bikini woman the other day. She purchased the bottle. She'd taken peptides in the past. You know, she was using literally like this, the CBD. All kinds of stuff is to sleep. Okay. Just to go to sleep at night. The CJC 1295, it won't have to look the first night. Don't take any of those other subments you were taking. Just do the peptide because again, it helps you get into rims sleep, sleep, sleep, but she took it. I mean, she was like, Dr. Rust, that was the best sleep I've had like nine years in crenadwav woke up. I feel amazing. So again, you're gonna notice results from these peptides. Almost immediately with a lot of. Wow. That's what I love about them. I mean, you just, you know, like I said, you inject the CJC, you're gonna get that flush feeling, you know what's working. And then obviously you take it out one before bed. You know, we recommend. You can do it pre-workout or a poor bed depends on kind of the program that wherever you're getting it from whichever doctor's prescribed me, et cetera. How you tailor your program is gonna be able to do it for everybody. But yeah, I mean, at night, it's incredible for sleep. You don't really get any negative side effects. You know, for me, I've tried CBD, Delta, not on that. I don't like the, the body experience I get or just the groginess the next day. You know, things like that. I remember, man, I fucked my back up. And then I was at some fitness expo. And I met this company, these people who had like a CBD company, they gave me some drops. Yeah, they gave me the thing to bring me at the top of them. Yeah, the next day I felt perfect. So it's like, yeah, they do. Yeah, they can work a work. But you're saying this works better than that. And it has more benefits. Exactly. My opinion it does. And like I said, it depends on what you're really, theoretically wanting to use it for. Obviously CBD locally on an injury side or like said taking it to sleep is good. But you're getting a plethora of benefits from, you know, the path of the things like that. It's not just one thing, like said you're getting sleep. And collagen. So like how long do you think the people start looking older? I'm getting old, man. I want to ride out this influencer shit as long as possible. Man, we're just slow down my age and even more. Well, big time. Yeah, like said, we can actually reverse it. I know a lot of people. You know, oh shit. Really. And it's testable to show it. And there's no side effects for this shit. I don't want to guarantee that every one's over every. Like you said, obviously, obviously, if you already have, if you've got cancer, if you have a kidney disorder or something like that, I'm not saying that you wouldn't potentially have problems with it. But if you're a healthy individual, there's next to no side effects. There's no worse than taking a bunch of oral supplements or something else over the countering Advil every day that's damaging your liver. It's definitely no worse than things like that. Because most people get scared of it because they're like, holds pep.d. And you're going to eject. There's not a research and you're injecting. Exactly. It's a subcutaneous injection with a little bit of insulin needle. Just like if you had diabetes and you're injecting your insulin, so again, like I'm a mosquito bite, you don't feel it. But yeah, people sometimes get kind of thrown off by that. They're like, what's injectable with. There's no way it can be safe. And I'm like, okay. And somebody would just care needles. You know, yeah. So there is obviously oral versions of the certain pep diets too. So that's an option for the goers that don't like needles. Or give me some more pep diets and some more. Our test of morelin is one of our other top sellers. Obviously really good products. So it's similar to the CJC if I'm morelin, but the test of morelin again, another growth hormone secretary. But it specifically targets the adipose tissue or the fat cells in the abdominal area. So again, when you inject that one, it's going to burn fast, specifically around the abdominal truncle area. Oh, I've always heard as a trainer, my whole life that you can't burn fat in one spot. I mean, not naturally. But when you take the other test of morelin is it's due to its crazy. It's one of our top sellers. But yeah, it's going to, it targets the fat cells in the abdominal area. And the thing I like about it for like body builders or big guys like me or you, you know, we love to walk around having that pump feeling filled out. Because again, you're keto. You don't eat carbs. It's a little harder than my opinion. I think to get pumps in the gym, because you don't have as much as that glycogen storage. Yeah. But you want to get that in the gym. You want to look pumped up all the time, veins showing so test of morelin is incredible for that. I mean, the pumps are out of this world. I mean, like people who take pre-workouts and all these, citrally else, citrally in an origin, they're trying to get their pumps in the gym. Because obviously the more blood flows, the muscle tissue, the more it grows, the more nutrients it gets. So the test of morein is like the king at that. For reasons. It's incredible. And fat loss. Fat loss and pumps. So again, it's huge for muscle building. To me, it's like, it's like, one of those is 50, 50. It's like 50% fat loss, 50% muscle building. Oh, it helps your build muscle too. Okay. Yeah. All these growth home effect ads are going to help you put all in the muscle mass, burn body fat, but just like I said, certain ones are, you know, obviously synthesized to do certain things. So the test of morelin is hugely for that domino body. Is there anything to help with like mental clarity and or intelligence can make me smarter with a max? Yes. CMAX. That peptide. I mean, they have a bunch of studies on it. For cognitive ability, it can help fight out timers, dementia, things like that. Pretty awesome stuff. Even Parkinson's a little with things of that nature again. They're still doing a lot of studies on these peptides. I mean, there's ongoing research every day. I took it. I mean, it's like taken atrole. I'm taking almost every peptide. Yeah, it's like atrole. Yeah, the semax. I mean, I had to take half dose. Now, the negative side effect on that one, I would say the only thing I know is I get a little bit of a headache with it. I think it's because it's so strong. I mean, it's like, making your brain better. It's like mental clarity, cognitive abilities, definitely super focused. Like I was saying, taking a fedger and, you know, and getting injected or counting the wrinkles on our steering wheel, so locked in. It's that feeling and it's a peptide. But obviously much healthier for you. Are there people taking it for like just work like stock brokers or fucking triggers? Yes. Exactly. You can take it almost like you said, more therapy, you may not necessarily need it because you're not old. Like, me, you just want to function more efficiently and have it's hot with my game. Exactly. Yeah, you weigh the morning, boom. I'm not a max all day long, you're locked in. You know what I mean? Make a money, come in at what new ideas, it'll make you more creative. It's the one I'm most interested in. The max is pretty awesome shit, bro. It's, it's fire. It's gotta be careful with it because it is really strong. I'm not like that. I just took half a dose. I was doing the full dose. It was too strong. Too strong. Because I'm really sensitive though, too. Yeah. I don't do caffeine and things like that. Oh, so, you know, so you probably final with the full dose. I think like a thousand milligrams of caffeine every day. I'm funny. I could take two, three hundred. I'm, I'd be jumping out of the building, right? Oh, that was working numbers. You got pumped those numbers up, man. Yeah. Those are, yeah. Listen, working people find out more information about you, bro. So my handle's at doctorusdr.r.r.us. Obviously you could my link to your, you got my website for my peptides, which is vitalpeb.com. Yeah. If you want to go to one of my clinics, I'll say you want to blood work. We can actually have concierge with bottom. I'm going to really come directly to you at your business or your home. That's vitalforceal.com. Yeah. Actually in the process now, I've got contracts waiting attorney stuff. We're trying to get another clinic open down here in Florida. So we do tell the medicine out of Florida, but we don't have an actual location. So I'm doing the peptide company. Obviously more wholesale online. And then, you know, we're telling medicine down here. That's why I moved down. But yeah, yeah, yeah, we're, we're basically spreading out this year. We're scaling now. It sounds good, brother. Listen, man. We definitely have to make sure you're tapping into the home.

=== FILE: Buying a New Car! [$3M Test Drive] [QxImsDCntEU].txt ===

Yo, we done, we just got my Florida driver's license after not having a license for like 15 years. So now it's time to give you a car. And I want to test drive all the cars I'm considering and there's one person who had to do it all on one plane. Yeah, all the cars then I'm considering buying. Rolls, Rolls, Rolls, Lambos, Portius. All right, so time, man. Walk us through the cars. We're going to look at today. Yeah, the first one we're going to look at is my 2024 Rolls Race Phantom. This is a bespoke car that I waited almost two years for. This is the one that I think you should get. You think this one, this one, this one? It's huge. It's going to fit you like really well, very comfortable. And also they only make 300 per year. So you're not going to get a welfare call in in or like a dawn or a rate. Yeah, they are. I'm going to go to see these busers with my own. No, no, no, no, no. Listen, at the end, I want you out of a vote on which car I should get. So our buzz of times vote is for the fan. I recommend the fan of them. All right. Tell me about this car. Yeah, man. So it's got a V12, 625 horsepower. It's the biggest car that they make. Of course, it weighs over 6,000 pounds. You'll get the tax benefit as well. Ah, modern Rolls races do weigh over 6,000 pounds. So that makes it. This one has all the options. This one has the curtains. This one has the pop up floorboards for a footrest. Of course, all Rolls races have the umbrella that pop up here. I add the ceiling on the inside completely bespoke. So the constellations and the shooting stars are set up for the day that I was born. This exactly the way the constellations were that night. This is the two tones. Of course, you have the Y and the Galileo blue. This is the one of one car in the world. They have not done this color on a fanom before. So I don't think it's worth waiting almost two years for your first one. Yeah. I think you can go get one off the lot. Maybe like a 22 or 23. OK. They tank and value. So I paid up right under 750,000 for it. This thing might be worth 600,000 right now. Oh wow. So if you get like a one year old one with two or three thousand miles, you'll be Gucci. Right? That's option number one. That's option number one. All right. Next one will go over to the Rolls Race Spectre. This is a 2024. This is Rolls Race is very first electric car. This is in Twilight Purple. Purple is my favorite color. OK. Is very royal. Yeah. This might be a good option for you. Yeah. That was pimping purple. But it's Twilight Purple. You can name it whatever you want. Really. So we'll go ahead and jump in. Thunder. You can take a seat in this one. Oh, yeah. Similar. I'm going to take a shoe so. Yeah. They does have the Lamp Skin, floor mats. You can take that probably be better. Let me take the shoe. This one. They bespoke the umbrella as well. So you're going to get the purple umbrella. Come on, man. Just $6,000 option. But you got it. 6 down below. Yeah. They're to make the different colors. The standard is black and you don't have to pay for the for the black. But and you do say black is beautiful all the time. Yeah. Does it come with this? The laptop? Yeah. I did not come with a laptop. I'm sure they can work something in for you. I like this a lot. Same thing with the stars. Now they started putting the stars in the door. This is the first car where they did that. This did a whole new info payment system. So it's actually touchscreen now. You turn off the radio? Is it on? Yeah. I started. I started here. Oh, you got the Kevin Gates on. It recognized it. You did it. It's all the time. I couldn't get the Gates off. I get it. Yeah. So crazy black man. It's a little man. You need some crazy black. Yeah. So you're still got a pretty usable back seat. I don't know how many people you're going to be rolling around with. It's got a 300 mile range on the battery. So it's still usable especially around Miami. Yeah. But maybe not be the best for your only car. Yeah. How many how many homes can I fit in here? Like how many homes? It depends if we're talking BBL or regular. BBL? Yeah. We're talking BBL. It's been a good two. Good two. I think if non BBL, you're putting three or four on there. It just only depends on how you're riding. Life is a game of tradeoffs. On the fanom, you can put six and a side and two on the trunk. Ah. That's different. And then I have for many other ones that jump on trying to get in. Exactly. Does it have a, and he bubs up like guns come out the back. James Bonnell. So we don't have any guns on it. But I will show you how you charge it. So when you come out, Rolls Race gives you their own little charging station. So I got to do it just click and then just stick. This is 100% electric. A electric electric. The rent in my old range. I've gotten it down probably 270 on a full tank. Yeah. Completely out. Yeah. So it's pretty true to what you see on the range there minus 10%. But it's super fast. That's one of the big difference that they should do. A 4.2 second zero to 60. And she almost weighs 7,000 pounds with the batteries. So the fastest Rolls Race that's ever been made to. All the Rolls Race doors closed automatically. So you can just touch the button and then they close like that same thing with opening. So it just makes it a little bit easier because they're so big. Those stock rims. These are stock wheels. Yeah. These are the 23 inch. They make all the sport wheels for the Spectre in 2024. I like it. Yeah. I mean it's pretty good for stock wheel. I think they're 23's. What I like about the Rolls Race is the double R stays. Oh yeah. They are weighted. So all the center counts always stay centered. It's the opposite of the spinners we hit. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Alright. So we'll go to the third Rolls Race. Alright. Just while we're down here and then we'll move on to the sports cars. So that's option two. Dispector. Pimping purple. So this is the Rolls Race Dawn. This is my first Rolls Race. This is the 2022 Rolls Race Dawn. This is in Tempest Grey. I'll put the top back. So a lot more. Put the top. So put the top back on these motherfuckers. Oh fuck. So this is Tempest Grey with Mandarin Orange and Terrier. Can I go for it? Take the shoes off right? No matter. Oh, doesn't matter. I'm gonna get another one next week anyway. Alright. So I'm in this. So that one you can put a seat back a little bit. This one's the only convertible that Rolls Race has made for this stuff for the coupe. They also have the Drophead Fanom, which is the older generation. I'm waiting for them to make a new convertible. They make a convertible in the fandom, which is super sick. Yeah. I really want them to make a new one. But this is a lot of fun. Same engine V12, 620 horsepower. Yeah. You got all I guess that all of them get the umbrellas. This of course is their only car that does not have the Star Hell Honor because it's got the soft top. But this car you got it. You got to drop the top every time you got it. If you got a drop top, had you handle like the apps. You got to make sure you're not going in areas that apps would be. And then also we have anti-op devices in the doors. Okay. How is the white some like we keep the anti-pired devices on the boat when you anti-op devices up here? Good. So you don't have to worry about that too much. So now this is the Ferrari 48 Spider. Turbo charge the V8, little over 700 horsepower. A lot of fun. Yeah. We'll see how well you fit in this. This is a convertible so you can drop the top as well. It's a hard top convertible. Oh, this is not hard top convertible. Hard top convertible. All right. So like if you get at me, then I put the top off. And you can't even tell that it's not a coup. Yeah. Perfect. There you go. You might have to put the top back for you. The button is only there. So this car is terrifying. It's real well drive. The amount of power that it puts down. You never know if you're going to come home alive. This thing is trying to kill you every single time you hit the gas. Yeah. That's a really good way to take some adjustment to getting used to. This was fully carbon fiber out. You got a carbon fiber steering wheel, carbon fiber paddles, carbon fiber center bridge, carbon fiber air conditioning. She was a nipple under 300,000. Now to be clear, we're limited to one big. This is a nuclear one. All right. That's cool. So nice good. I got a girlfriend there. There you go. So maybe it's good to place the limitations on what you drop the top. You can double up in the passenger seat. Yeah. Again, BVL restricted. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I get it. So I come over to the last car right now. I have a seventh car or a six car for you. But my girlfriend took it to work. Typically we have the the Uris. But right now we'll look at the hurricane. This is actually my first. That's not its actual car, but a hurricane with my first exotic car. It's a great entry level super car. Six hundred and some horsepower. Naturally aspirated V10. Those seats at the E-MOS on Comptural seats. You can buy an any modern production car. Carbon fiber buckets. They look cool, especially with the top down. But after 15, 20 minutes you want to need a good car or a proctor. The title of this is the Jimmy Trial to kill me in the hurricane. I don't know if it was the hurricane. It was the me and my garage vehicle. Oh yeah. He's got yardo. Yeah. He tried to kill me in that shit. Yeah. So you got such you can't do in this. Yeah. The title of it, you know, as usual. Murdered. The temps on my life was unsuccessful. They got thwarted. Yeah. All right, man. Now you got to choose which car you want. You're the Ferrari, the fan. I'm the specter. The hurricane, the Uris, or the darn. Let's start with, you want to take a fan in your main? Vannel. All right. We can take the final. I think he's a good car for flexing on the haters and stun on the hose. Yeah. Yeah. It's simultaneously. I mean, you both. With this with this car. You're definitely in some thought repellent though. Oh, man. Oh, man. I'm at the bayden issue. I'm at the bayden thought repellent if I got this. This is super, super slow, man. It feels like I'm, it feels like I'm gliding down the road. Yeah. So like, once you come around here, you can literally just use one finger to like make the turn or just like two fingers. But it's like, you can basically control the entire thing with very little effort. Wow. Super smooth. It's like seriously. It's almost like I need to use the house smooth. Yeah. Yeah, because it's pretty easy to just keep turning. With most of the car, you have to do a full like turn just to get to where you want to go. Here, it's like half a turn. You know, like BMW's just the most out-driven note. The steering is super stiff. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's the most important to fire. This is just designed for luxury. And also, you're not feeling any bumps. I don't feel. Yeah. I'll turn off the air. And then just like don't say anything. Super quiet. You can't hear anything from the outside world. Which can be kind of eerie sometimes. There's less to learn with your thoughts on the highway. Some parts of where you may want to take it. So you can just drop the bird up front, the spirit of accuracy. Uh, the front. That way, if I get said, if you see your ops, you just drop it. And then they can't come take it. It's super loud. It's a really good audio. Sound system, show drop, and also hire her ride height. What was your favorite thing about this car? Uh, I would say just how unique it is. Like, there's no other car and like it on the road. Like I said, they only make 300 per year. I mean, you're going to see a million ghosts on the road. You're going to see a million colonns on the road. You're going to see a million hurricanes, Ferrari's, G wagons. You will never see a big ass blue. You know, the derindigulus color. Uh, second to that, just like how easy it is to drive. It's so. She's a boat and you can take, you know, five people in your way. You want to go. She's longer than an F 150 and heavier than an escalator. So what did you think about the founder? I liked it a lot. Um, it's big. The big car driving a fucking boat. It's so smooth. Like almost, I don't know who's too smooth. What? Yeah, I think it's a getting into smooth. It's a very different way of the regular car. It rides smooth. It's dope. I can see myself in. I like that as a lot of room, a lot of space. I like that is, uh, four doors. It's got four wheels. I look for that in a car. Yeah, lots of good things on. I like it. All right. So that's number one. Which one should we do next? We'll say the Spectra next. Pimping purple. This is, uh, the electric car. This is, uh, the electric combine with their sound deadening. Uh, you don't hear anything. Yeah. And this is the most terrifying acceleration. It's budget for car this big. So one of the things I like about this so far is the, uh, acceleration. Yeah. For a car that weighs this much, it's, it's pretty insane how much is it? Almost 7,000 pounds. Wow. It's super smooth. It's like, why? I'm not going to have tons. Yeah. All right. So you drove the fan um, and I drove the 2024 Spectra, the Mercer Electric Rolls Royce. What do you think about the Spectra? The Spectra was even smoother. I think I like driving this more, but just like in practicality. Yeah. Of having it. It's a coupe at the end of the day. Yeah. It's harder to describe. It's like magic fiber ride. You're like a black Aladdin. All right. So which one we looking at next? Next we're going to do the Rolls Royce Dawn. Oh, just comfortable. Oh, it worked. How much is this one? $167,000. Ah, that's it. That's right. How much was this with the fandom? $725,000. Around 3.0. Ah, I don't know. And now we're going to go with the Dawn. Yeah. Go to Shea, he's going with the drafts up here. Got him. So this is your first Rolls Royce. This is my first Rolls Royce. She's a little over two years old. And this is when he gets you addicted to Rolls Royce. This is what started the addiction. Yeah. So this one's got a pretty good mix of the performance. It's not as fast as the Spectre, but it's not as slow as the fandom. But you, of course, have the convertible aspect. It's still huge, super comfortable, pretty usable. What's your favorite part about this? I love the color compliment. I love the orange. Orange is my favorite color. Is it? Yeah. So being able to have it in orange is pretty cool. You don't really see too many or gray on orange. Like, it was a reception on the street when you driving this. Ah, the one that gets the most attention to the fandom. Okay. And then I would say this and then I would say the Spectre. Really? Yeah. I mean, because this one with the top down the bright orange, and then the fan has the bright blue. So this one feels the most like a regular car. Yeah. The steering's a lot stiff for the chassis's differ. Accelerations a little bit of a puppy. You can actually have a sport mode in the switch. They call it low mode, but it just gives you more power on the low end. But this does feel like a lot more of a regular. It feels like a regular car. It out, but it's not like a bad thing. Alright, now you've driven the Spectre, the fandom, and now the drop top down. Yeah. What did you think about the dawn? You know what this dawn was the one to feel like, both like a regular car. Yeah. Like, I don't know if this makes sense. I can feel the roll. Yeah. Yeah. But I couldn't feel the roll. I could compare the Spectre to the... Yeah. And I don't know if I like that better or just like what I'm used to. Yeah. You know, driving a regular car. But I like that a lot. I like that it was a... To convertible aspect of it. Enough room for it. Yeah. Isn't that for what? You know, this should be dope. This should be dope. How much does this one again? I bought this one for 5,000, and 10,000. I bought her new a couple years ago. No. Like I said, this is probably the cheapest one now. It's probably worth $3.33. Yeah. So you can probably get a really good example with low miles for an high, high, high, too, as low threes. Alright. Yeah. The wish will we have to do a mix. Next we gotta take out the Lamborghini Huracan. Now it's time for the Lambo. Alright. So this one is pretty loud. Yeah. So this one is pretty loud. Yeah. So this is the naturally aspirated V10. She does, I think, at the least second, 3.1 seconds, zero to 60. Alright, man. So now we've got away from the Rolls Royces to the sports cars. Where you barely fit in it. So how do you feel about it? It's a little tight for me. And then initially it was too loud. But then you turned it down. Yeah. So we were in course of them. We went to strata. Yeah. That strata, that volume was a little better for me. This is a good car to really get my middle-life crisis. Oh yeah. Pop. Nothing best every day driver. It's not very practical. It gets about nine miles to the gallon. So it's something that I'd probably want to make too much sense in my M.A. You can't use the truck for anything, isn't it? Yeah. And that's the best for the lift. Tell me a little bit about this car. Yeah, man. So this is the fastest car that I own. A little over 700 horsepower. It's a turbocharged V8. And incredibly fast. I think it's a 3 second, 0 to 60 car. This is in Rosso, of course, a red with the 10 interior classic Ferrari color combo. R-Man. You drove the Lambo. All the Rolls Royces. And now the Ferrari. What did you think? I like the Ferrari. I like the Ferrari. I like the Ferrari a lot. Think I might have liked the BMW Lambo. There. I think it's a better driver's car. Yeah, and I like it as hard top. Comerable. Yeah. With the thing is both these cars are a little small. They're very small. Very impractical. It's just good to have it like a third fourth or fifth car. How much is this? This one new. I think it was 380. I paid 275 for it. I don't think a fan of my respecter is the best option for brand. Yeah, let's do it. Which one do you got like the most? Type it to coming. Each one you with ball and wide. All right, first of all, Tom. Thank you so much. Yeah, no problem, man. Thanks for coming by. No, no, no. My pocket. I think the ride won for me. It is fan. Okay. Because it's big and I'm a bigger guy. Yeah. You know, I got the sun. So, you pull up. I'll get the wind in the back seat. And there's also no solid limitations. There's no solid thing. Which is important. Right right. No. I didn't think. But if it becomes in war. You know, it's easy to keep. At a time in the future. This is it. She decides the razor voice every once. I got it. Yeah, it's the fan of the right one. All right. And then you pay for all your cars and just section they really. Yeah, yeah. It's I've always been on the first thing. If you're going to buy those receipts, you don't spend your early income. YouTube past thing. So I wouldn't care. I'm going to use my section eight. Really stay income the pay for how many units. I need. I already have some. But hey, we do some math. Yeah, we can do some fan of math. All right. So section eight fan of math. All right. So now we've identified the fan of that he wants, which is a 2023 Rolls Royce. This was a $625,000 car brand new last year. She's got 1300 miles and started to appreciate it to 484,000 bucks. So I think it's a great one. Murdered out black the way you want it. You said you wanted to put 100 racks down. So 100,000 see me financing 385,000 plus some tax. So you're going to be looking around 7500 dollars per month. Right. So now let's look at some section eight properties. Figure out how many he needs in order to be able to cover that monthly payment. First thing we're going to do is open up section eight Pro. This is going to give us the best options to find section eight units that are going to be able to cover his monthly payment. This sounds the stuff required to yourself. Right. This is what it reads. It reads the name. You can see yes to stump it. Other people know it. Yeah. So this software built out about a couple years ago to build out my own portfolio. So we're going to find some properties really quick. Like I said, we want it minimum. Let's look at a thousand dollars a month in cash flow. Property values 70 to 150,000. So I'm liking units kind of like this. I like simple units. A thousand a 13. Just square feet three bedroom. This is going to make a thousand dollars per month. It looks like it's in grade shape. Only $88,000. So you would not roughly. After spent correct. This is after property management fees, taxes and insurance. That's your monthly cash flow. Just pro. So just looking at that one, I mean there's 153 pages worth of properties that we're going to be able to identify. And we're looking for gray roofs, good side being good curb appeal between 80 to 100,000 dollars. Again monthly cash flow a thousand. Somebody named these houses to cover the monthly payment on the fanom. You're going to expect another 500 to a thousand dollars per month for insurance. So you really have probably $8,500 a month all in. But now you need to find a tenant. So now you've identified the property. You'll make it off for on it. Now we've got to get tenants involved. So we're actually launching a new feature called tenant finder. Like I told you before, it's like a LinkedIn for poor people. So you're actually able to find all this section of tenants that exist in the United States. We have them registered here. And then you can actually see their credit score, their rental history. You can see a bio about them, previous evictions, and also the most important copy of their voucher. So you actually know exactly how much they're going to be able to handle from a section 8 perspective. Because if they have a two bedroom voucher, you don't want to put them in your four bedroom property. Because they're only going to get paid on two bedrooms. So this gives you a good insight. Now you can send them over a text message or message directly through the app, reach out to them. And then let them know, hey look, I have this unit available. It's an area that you're looking for. It's moving ready. We know. So you're able to occupy the unit six, seven times faster than before when you're just putting a listing up and helping that they reach out to you. So you really ought to be the majority of the six in the, oh yeah. And that's what I wanted to do is make a kind of a no-brainer for my property management team. Now they can come in. We also have property management built in. So we have all of our properties here. Our tenants are all located here. In voices. Yeah, it's all put together. Right. So that's just what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. That's what we made it. Yeah. But those are no, how many units do you use? I have 725 houses in four different states. Somebody who's working. Yeah. Making about a million dollars per month. Go me. Drop. Yeah, that's net cash flow. Yeah, not cash about a million dollars per month. You let's tell you four dollars. Go. Yeah. I mean, right now all the cars are paid off. But that one right there. I pay about 12,000 per month, but not. And that's the only remaining car payment that I have. Got. Yeah. Now those are no, why six leads, instead of traditional wheels. Because it's Tuesday at four o'clock in the afternoon and where I heard test driving cars and about to go do some car shopping for him. You can't do that if you're out here. Flip and properties are doing the birth strategy or Airbnb or all this other nonsense. We buy properties. We've managed them with property management people. We also have software to allow you to see the entire process and then we're hands off. The only part you should be involved in is the acquisitions. Once you buy it, then it should just cash flow for you. It's also guaranteed rental income. So anything else with flipping, you don't know where your next dollar is coming from. Now I know on September 1st, I want to have a million dollars dropped into my bank account. The government's paying me. Yeah, that's when those people buy the government pays it. If you just think you matter to the, that should just our progress back is good to their world. The broker they are, the better it is for you because the more the government steps in and helps them. So you want them ideally single mom, five or six kids. You'll be sitting pretty. Where the elderly on fixing come, you know, that has maybe 1,000, 13,000 dollars per month, they're going to get the max rent as well from section eight. So man, so, you know, the other day, stock market really crashed. Yeah, and everybody I know who's in stock market was booking tripping. But I took a lot. I look at a lot of my stocks. Yeah, I've been buying six and eight. Really stayed with you. Yeah, you were chill. Yeah, you. I mean, I was watching all the red on the news. People were talking about the sky falling. I saw crypto a draw, but I don't know, 10, 15%. So I mean, it's just one of those things where you never have to worry about it. Yeah. If the price of the property comes if there's a recession, who cares? Section eight rent is still guaranteed to you. Yeah. You know, you have tenants that are staying there five, 10, 15 years. So you're not dealing with constant move out, move in, move out, move in like you are with air B and B or with regular, regular tenants. So that's why I love, I mean, in that demand of phone calls that I've gone from people to now. All of a sudden, I want to diversify when I see one little correction. The bull market is, you know, showing a different side to it. That's when people start looking to diversify. I was so glad that I've mentioned it. We started working on, you know, because of my such an eight portfolio, you know, over the last year. So because I've already been the first part. Yeah. Now it's what it's written skill to suck. Definitely. Next level. And we'll get some more properties and just keep building up portfolio. And we do it at class. A free tradeover will show you guys that's second out of group. And tell them more about that. Yeah. So we have one coming up. Click the link below in this video. You should be able to join it. We saw some spots available. I'm going to show you how the software works. How we use it to find the best sectioning properties in the United States. How to buy properties of $2,500 to $5,000 down. Also with no credit. Because like Brandon, he buys his first property with only $2,000 down. Using seller financing. So I'm going to show you guys that as well. And then also a lot of skill. How to get from one property to ten to a hundred. So we'll look forward to seeing you guys there. Bill Musnell got free training. League of Description. Click that right now. All right. See you guys. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

=== FILE: Can Ozempic Really Get You Shredded Without the Gym [Gd8xeAIhqlw].txt ===

Tell me about OZMPI. What are the pros, the cons, the benefits? Because he waxed me about OZMPI all the time. I'm not familiar with his ass. You are. Yeah, and let's keep it simple. A lot of the people out there just look at one thing. They want to lose weight, listen to anybody. And it's all the rage. Look everybody's taking it now. But you got negative side effects to everything you do. So again, in my personal opinion, the OZMPI. Let's say, me as a bodybuilder, big guy, I did want to get cut up. It's not going to be my first choice to drug to lose weight. But I would say if I was going to do another competition. And on the last six, eight weeks, I'm just eating my damn hands off. Like I can't control it. I'm getting super low calories. No carbs. OZMPI could be that drug for me. Where I could micro dose it daily. And it would just help me curb my appetite. So I can actually sleep at night. It actually does have good benefits that it reduces kind of inflammation and swelling in the body. It has good benefits. And obviously it helps weight loss too. For what I understand the only way it really helps who it losses just makes you less hungry. And lame as terms, yeah. I mean, the biggest thing is it just suppresses the appetite. Big time based on your dose of job, obviously things like that, not again. There are that 1% of population out there too. That like a GLP1 or the GLP1 mix with the GAP. Well, it was like GLP1. So the GLP1 is like the OZMPI. That's what it was. And for exactly. And then you have like it's big brother, which they call it their Zepatide, which is a GLP1 and a GAP. So they just hit different receptors and different things. We won't get into like the scientific portion. And no one's going to really understand that. But it's like it being as twice as strong as you. And then there's like retrochryotide, which is like a three in one. So it's super super power-oast. Oh, asimp is not even the strongest. It was up. Your Symmogluide, which is kind of the street name. Lamin's terms that most people understand were OZMPI. The main thing is it's going to do some press appetite. But that 1% of the population, a lot of people will know, won't react to it at all. Well, really. We have a basis coming in and they do great on the Symmogluide or Zepak. The Luz 15, 20 pounds and however long. And then they'll want to switch and get some strong trotters uptide. It does nothing for them. So just so you guys out there know, again, just like anything else. Some people react well. Some people don't react. Now heard that people also lose a lot of muscle when they take OZMPI. Exactly. So that's kind of that thing that people don't want to talk about. A lot of the studies out there and I know we'll put one up later. You know, the true studies, either one of those drugs you're taking for 52 weeks, you can lose about 15% body mass. And that's how they word it. Body mass. So you're looking at overall weight is what your body mass is. Let's say you're 300 pounds and you want to lose 60 pounds. You probably lose 60 pounds in a year, but how much of that was muscle, how much of that was fat, and how much of that was water. You're going to really lose mainly muscle. You lose mainly mostly muscle when you take those M.B. What likes people who on OZMPI, they look kind of funny. I'm calling like that extravote up prune. Yeah, they said something like that. There was an M.B.Face with the M.B.Face. Yeah, because you're losing your Luz and muscle. You're not really losing the fat. So you almost a skin gets saggy and loose. And you had the tone changes, but again, we'll touch our lab, or I'll hop into it. There's an awesome drug. A huge study they came out with that looks very promising. They're doing it with the rats right now. It's a drug called fall statin. I say drug. It's another peptide, but it's a protein based. You can take that with these GLP ones, GIPs, and you can actually lose fat with it and put on muscle. So they're synergistic together. Incredible. So this is something new coming out. It's almost like they're creating all these designer drugs. Anabolic and stuff. We're going to get it in that later. It's almost going out the window. It's like old school shit. We're starting to just completely get away from that. Here in the next, I'd say two, three years. If your body builder testosterone, master on, all the derivatives of testosterone, those are going to be the thing of the past. We're going to have something else from even use that shit anymore. It's just going to be obsolete, because there's two of the negative side effects. Yeah, that's the direction they're going with all these new designer drugs and peptides. Who is those in big four? Who's it now? That's not something I can directly answer. You know, as a doctor, I think it can be for everybody. Like you said, it's the application of it. So it's not something I want to take or I've ever thought about taking. But like I said, if I did a body building show, I would use it to suppress my appetite a little bit. You know, a big time calorie deficit really more for me not to lose weight or lose fat just to suppress my appetite. Okay. Because the thing is if I'm body building, it's a great drug to utilize for its purpose for me. I know I'm eating all my proteins. Let's say I weigh 250 pounds right now. Well, I'm getting 300 grams of protein in a day. I'm doing, let's say I'm only doing 100 carbs because I need to be in a deficit to lose fat. And I'm doing maybe 60 grams of fat. As long as I'm getting all my protein and all that, I'm not going to lose the muscle even if I use some of the semi-glutile, but like said the lay public people, they're just going about their normal life. Yeah, they're taking this stuff and like said, they're not exercising. They're using it as a crutch to try to lose weight. And they're not eating macro nutrients that they need. So then that's why they're losing this mass of the amount of muscle tissue. If you stop eating protein, what do things going to happen? Yeah. You're definitely going to lose muscle even without a zimpick. But it's like that tin bolt because the ozypics taking away your appetite. You don't want to eat anything. So you're basically just going into starvation mode. And then obviously when you come off this stuff, it's really bad because then you go back to eating three times as much you were before and you're going to blow back up lots of inflammation because these people, what I say, they have a mouth problem. They can't control their damn lousy. They have no discipline. So theoretically, if you took those empty, but you made sure you hit your protein intake, exactly. And you made sure you at least hit a minimum amount of calories. In my personal opinion, you would keep your muscle mass and those statistics of just 52 weeks and 15% body mass, I think would look like a whole different story. They'd have to do a research clinical trial and all that to determine it, which I think would be a good one. There are a lot of friends that take it. I mean, for bodybuilding, so they don't lose muscle mass. Oh, because their micro dosing it very small, does just enough to control the appetite, help them with sleep because it does help with sleep. It helps sleep inflammation. Now the other negative drawback of those big, taking it long term, it does, you know, in a sense it can weaken your bone, cortical bone, it can cause osteoporosis. Oh, yeah, just like one of the other drugs that people don't know about an astrosol or a remadex is an estrogen blocker, same thing, over time, damages your cortical bone. It also has a really negative side effect on your cholesterol level, so it, it'll increase your LDL, and it'll decrease your HDL. So again, if you guys out there don't know, HDL is like your good cholesterol. That's the only protection heart. LDL is your back cholesterol that mainly comes from the foods you eat in a sense and land in the term. So yeah, a massage-solid remadex, which blocks estrogen, which is used in male testosterone and placement therapy with your testosterone. At least see all these regular doctors given two whole pills a week, which is two milligrams, way too much, it's called the line negative side effects. So they're not really building a true one-off wellness program for each person. That's where TRT can also get a bad rap too, because the doctors just, here's your 200 milligrams of testosterone, shoot it once a week with a big eye and needle, and then here take your whole pill of a natural, on Monday and Friday, and they give the same shit to everybody. That's not how it's supposed to be. Everyone's hormones are different. Let's say friends, your testosterone. If you're taking a standard TRT dose 200 milligrams, you break it up into two shots a week. Yeah. And your testosterone is right at the maximum of normal, a thousand. And let's say you're doing your daily workouts, but you're only doing them four days a week. Your hands, land push ups, all these shit you normally do, right? But then you up it to, you go, I'm ready to up to anti-less fucking train seven days a week. And you start doing that same routine seven days. Your testosterone is not going to be a thousand anymore. You're going to burn through it just like if you floor your car, you're going to burn it to more gas. Really, your testosterone total is now going to end up going down to say six, five, seven, hundred. Just in layman's terms of kind of explain the example. That's what will happen. And you're going to have to bump your dose up. So that's why hormones and all these things with these medical doctors, it's not a one-size-fits-fits. So everything has to be custom built per patient and you have to keep a hold on it. Like so, with our clinic, we do labs four times a year. You get labs at the beginning, you put you on your program. You get labs about 10 weeks later, we adjust your dosages to hone it in to what's good. You've been on the stuff for two months, constant, nice routine we give in you. So we get a nice baseline, then we make an adjustment to hone it in a hundred percent. And as long as you don't make lifestyle changes, our exercise changes, you're good. And we normally kind of check up on that about six months later, if you're still good, we keep it there. If you need a little tweak, because let's say you started UK, man, it's a hey doc, I'm working out two more days week, I'm feeling to freaking awesome. You know, we're going, okay, we do your labs. Probably gonna need to up your dosal at that dose. And then say in the winter time, which for my amy, there's not one. But let's say you're gonna live somewhere with code. That's what's gonna happen. You're gonna go lazy, you're not gonna wanna go gym, it's cold, you're gonna hibernate, you're gonna eat more, we're gonna have to back your dos down because you're not gonna burn through it. And if you keep taking the same dose, that's when you start getting negative side effects, higher cholesterol, higher blood pressure, because your levels are gonna go. They're gonna exceed where they should be, because where we had them perfect at the top at 1000. Yeah, you're gonna stop working out. Now that testosterone's gonna stay in your blood, and your levels are gonna rise because you're not burning it off. I never thought about it. They make it all, yeah. Yeah, it's a receptor. It buys to your receptors. The different drugs do with things.

=== FILE: Cheat Code To Getting Funding For Your Business [Full Course] [IyX10x8r-c8].txt ===

Yo's going on so I'm here with my man to rail and this dude is an expert at helping people get funding Improved it credit and when he told me before me to old people how to legally rob the bank tell me what you mean by that Bro I teach people how to how to legally rob the banks right? But he just gets access to capital get access to business funding at 0% interest right because the biggest thing about what people in general Right a lot of time we've been afraid to credit Yeah, afraid of you know access to funding because one we're not educated To we don't understand when we don't have education you don't understand it different resources that you have and how you can use those resources What you better your life and better your business so I basically teach people how to get access to business funding in seven days or less 0% interest and then what happens is that they can leverage at the bill They business to scale the business to grow the business or even started business, right because sometimes you got to have a financial backing Yeah, and I've been the biggest thing like coming from Baltimore, Maryland I didn't have a financial backing. I didn't have the education and then I didn't even know about the resources and so we don't know about it It's like you know they say if you know better you do better I'm older than you right and I remember when I was in college I was afraid of credit Lot people I seen people going to dead and once I was watching MTV Crips and it was baby from cash money He said it was it. I got all his houses and all these cars and I and got no loans And then I paid it for them all cash and I was like, oh, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do what baby I never had no credit up until four years ago a credit score was zero Okay, you know, I didn't have no credits no loans nothing and I had built like a multi million dollar business Fucking with debit cards because I was afraid of credit, you know, but now I've learned you know I got credit like I know Mx audits say Right, and this crazy man. I got like three million Mx points I'm yeah, I don't pay for flight anymore. Yeah, I bought computers with it in points So I didn't realize how much I was missing out. I did not have a credit What happens in our community like that's how we get access information. That's how we like we grow up and watch Either rappers Yes ball players you really become that because you basically gain information from that That's life that you live, but when you really think about it We understand it like rappers or not people that should be given like financial literacy if I say not communities Yeah, I found that out later like you said about just using debit cards and not really understanding the resources I had been in fiction you know, and I had access to funding I kind of made things happen to faster Looks like I'm a credit right, you know, and we could talk about some ways on how someone can do that especially me I had no credit right, so I had to utilize different tactics to get my credit up I was able to scale my business as so much faster For example like just spending money on ads instead of waiting for me having the money to spend it I can use Mx's money and then look their money and then pay them back I built points and then like that's the thing It's like marketing right like a lot of people that are in business don't even understand the power marketing Or even like running ads right because now you can use other people's money to run the ads to number one Build your brand to get more awareness right one of my mentors say if they don't know you they can't float you right So they don't know you they can't spend money with you. Yeah, and so it's crazy that you know You can use other people's money Mx you can bet reward points. You can build your back brand Build your awareness build your business and at the same time Now you can be profitable right like then if you can get sales and things like that Which is a whole different aspect that your business for being in your sales is like now you use other people's money to profit Yeah, see I don't think it's none wrong with using other people's money as long as you use it to make money If you're using it for like bullshit like anybody watches jewelry with all right, and then you fucking up right But if you're using it to make money then I think it's all good same thing about education right like what we just talked like When you think about baby like you said it right, but like nobody probably ever had a variety conversation Because if he wouldn't use credit and he understood how to leverage that how many more properties and things he could have leverage Yeah, and how he could have leverage that even with the tax system right with the appreciation and different things like that So a lot of times like when you think about it, but it's just because we lack information I can be there you don't need to make sense nobody talks about it break down the steps is somebody who was starting from zero Right, what would they have to do to start getting some some business credits so they can fund whatever ventures they have Going on stuff was starting from several if you have no credit right the first thing you got to understand that banks are pretty much like business partners Right, so let's say you you plan on only the business your futures that you're gonna own a business right well It's looking at banks and understand that banks or businesses that have assets right So one of the things I did and like you know, we leverage a y right, but I went to chat GPT and I asked chat to be tea to give me like the top five banks based upon assets Okay, right, so Chase was number one right bank of miracles number two I think city group was number three I think Wells Fargo and then some of the other banks right that right so if it was me I'm gonna definitely set up in the count with Chase I may definitely get an account of bank America on on that side because why? Because I understand they had the most assets which means they had the most ability to lend right and because I'm going to go in the business at some point I wanted to establish these relationships with banks right then I did the same thing with credit It's hey get me the top five credit unions right that's you know, so Navy federal was one of them So another thing I was I was set up a couple relationship with credit unions with Navy federal right I would call and say he looked my grind dad was an military he passed away But I heard that I can still get a check in the savings account Navy federal say cool that lets you any give you the check-ins and save as a count right if I'm that's not working the job I wrote my direct deposit straight in Navy federal right because you can build fast to a credit unions when you have no credit Build your credit faster. Yeah, we're quite an instant you could we've gone to the national big banks The reason I still want to have a link a bank with those national big banks those because later on down the road once I do built my credit up Now I'm gonna go to Chase and I'm gonna be at a get you know You know, you know, I mean 0% just business credit cards I'm gonna be at a get even the Chase freedom right the chase elite We'll talk about some of those cars you can get some of those cars later on down the road So I'm gonna start building with the credit unions first. I'm gonna get my direct deposit with Navy federal right So step one is set up account with a few big banks and if you cut us more credit You piece money credit even so now you basically start building relationships because a lot of times What I see is people just go try to get access to cap on an each field like a one-day stand Right, we've all had one-day stands, but how successful had it? You know, is it but if you take a go on a date, you know, say you do a little wine and a dime Talk to people turning into a relationship Yeah, right You're my not even one-internet to it Right, like yeah, so it's like you know, it's like just looking at it like that right, so we start there So next step is that I would do some secure loans Depending on you know money and things like that I would take a thousand two thousand dollars and I would go to Navy federal I would do a pledge loan I would go to other credit unions that we talked about maybe you can do a line yet Alliance of credit a good credit union as well. Okay, and I would do like I would do secure loans with the credit You explain to him what is secure loan So it's secure loan is that when you base you take your money like let's say you got a thousand two thousand dollars Right, you're gonna take your money. You're gonna go to the bank You're gonna ask them to give you a loan, but you're gonna base you give them the cash right You're gonna base you in turn give you a check for that same 2000 also loan against the money you already got now what you want to do is going pay 75% of the loan off the rest of the loan you want to base you do the payments over time because With credit credit is built up with one time payments over time So as you build up your as you as you're building up by using secure loans now What happens is that now when you make those payments on time you're gonna now build out your credit for it Another thing that you were now able to do is you were now able to put your own limits per say on your credit report So because you went into the 2000 loan let's say with a line a 2000 loan with baby federal now you put your own kind of data Posts now you have let's say you did two of those $1,000 each now you got it you got your credit limit is 2000 But you've paid it all down you paid 70% of it down so now it looks like you have a lot of available credit We do have a lot of good credit and you continue to make the one time payment Right, and then they got credit building account so another good one is rent reporters right So let's say I still I know I'm a dad of family member who was paying a mortgage I go to them. I basically let them know the hey, you know, I want to base the Report that I'm paying rent to them right Rem report us you can go to that website. You can pay rem report us to basically say that your paying rent So I was set my rent. I would say it's $2,500 a month Yeah, you can even back data So depending on how long they've had the mortgage You can back data they've had the mortgage for five years eight years 10 years How have a long-nete had the mortgage you can kind of back data and that will give you a primary trade line But it will give you age Okay credit report. Oh age on your credit report right I did got it guys So that's how that's another factor So we got on that's another factor when it comes to credit. Yeah, it's how long you had credit So now you got rem report is you got the two secure loans I it's something called credit strong credit strong doesn't account that you set up and you just make on time payments every single month And now you got about four to five trade lines right that you now have kind of established Okay, and you you're just going with just to make one time payment so just pretend this person don't know nothing What's the trade line oh got you so probably you have primary trade lines Which means that it's it's that the true response before it's a concept that you set up a senior name Yeah, your actual response will make an appointment since stuff like that at the same time You have what they call authorized user trade lines which means that if Brandon has a credit card of $10,000 he can add me on as an authorized user and that's now what they call the authorized user trade line Yeah, so in the wordies you have the higher credit go. Yes, the more the more Primary accounts that you have yeah with the age right and the fact that you're making on time payments now You pretty much build out your credit report guy from there like once I do that now I'm gonna look at what they call I'm gonna do some soft pools right for credit cards that do softballs So you got Capital one capital one is a credit card that they will deal to a pre approval right where you know now You can go in to application the pre approval you might get approved you got to discover it now Why am I going to capital one discover it? These are major credit cards that you want to start getting in while it because as you start building up You want to have major credit cards in a while that give you decent limits and things like that So another thing is two that I see a lot of people don't know when they don't when they go in and and and and do applications Another thing that happens is that people will go in and say hey, let's say in a true job You're making 40,000 50,000 60,000 something like that right well one of the things I tell people is that when you're going to Application you wanted to use what is called a household income at it Let's say I got a wife. I got a girlfriend right I got a you know Let's say even if I got some kids and they work in this stuff like that you can now basically take all of their incomes As the household income and put that as your income for That household in game doing the application right now Why do I want to do it because a lot of times we want to get access to capital credit cards things like that and we're going to say We only make 45,000 year, but we want to get a 20,000 credit card or 15,000 on a limit Why would they give you you know melcordia? What do you make sense? It doesn't make sense so really what's the very important is when you're doing applications They use your household income And that's the method that you can use when you're going in and doing applications Specific of those pre-approvals But yeah, and so that's how you would start your foundation you would start your foundation on reporters a few secure loans building the bank Relationship of the bank's and stuff like that you start the emikyo on time payments You make sure I understand this first we're gonna get some relations with the banks because we're some accounts right then we're gonna get secured loans You know put it like it was the minimum you got to hit a thousand as a good minute That's 2000 or more the more the more money you have more and more than better right because you want to have more available credit All right, and then you said so the number of orders Remember we said we did room orders right credit strong credit strong credit strong did somebody's places where you did this this also secure credit cards You're working in that yes, and no, so if you're gonna go to secure credit card Make sure you get a secure credit card that graduates into a real credit card Okay, because a lot of people will go and get secured credit cards But they don't graduate into real ones and now you cuz you just thought what a secure credit card Right, but the thing about the secure loans to is that if you go do the secure loans first The reason I suggest that is because what happens is as your credit starts to build you're starting getting letters in the mail from credit card Compton Don't credit cards at you and then also if you do the pre-approval method and you already got the secure loans that been reporting for let's say four five six months You know you'll start getting higher limits God on your own those bread your first credit cards that you do all right, so instead of secure cars we go get discovered it cover it capital one capital one Even maybe federal if once we got the relationship and even and we got to direct the positive setup Maybe federal also allows you to pre-qualified or get pre-approved for credit cards This one affect your credit. Okay, because this is because from what I understand the things that affect your credit art length of credit Yeah credit history length of credit history Available credit credit do you have right, so that's what the screw loans that's what you say pay half of it off immediately So don't report as if you're your utilization is high I don't matter and then you get some more different cards because the number of Maces that makes that you and then even like a auto loan like if you're just starting out to you know I mean getting access to auto loan. That's a it helps with your credit mix Usually auto loans that a lot higher on the terms of the actual amounts and the thing with that's different with loans As opposed to credit cards as loans are meant to be paid off over time right So if you get out auto loan is 25,000 30,000 you're meant to pay that off over time now You've kind of basically boosted and opens your report, you know pretty much all the way out right Then it's just understanding how to leverage credit for you to be able to make money Right, like how can we be able to make money by having good credit before we get into that all the steps you talk about so far How long with that take it just depends on kind of money the person working with right So I would say that it could be a it could be a six-month process Right, I'm depending on like how much money he working with because even with the security loans when you establish those and you make the on-time payments You know you want to have that kind of drag our six months And we do the run report isn't we back day to age right now What happens is that you should have like two or three years of history because it'll it'll even out right it'll balance out right I'm also you can you can also get like maybe one or two authorized users so you can pay all that's what I did Now I went to this girl in the right and I was like, oh look look I need you help I had I put me as the authorized user on the car and then I think Also have my girlfriend at the time she had a car and I maybe authorized user right and then I had my sister do it and my boy The homie white boy Brian Gotcha, he maybe authorized user on anyone is a guy he had it for me alone and that's and that's where like the other part is Where you can now go to three people that you know and actually free hey can you ask me as the author But you want to go to people you know, I get credit credit that went ankle master the credit cards But if you don't have those people in that work like where I come from bottom all you might not have those people So now you got a little websites like trade lines apply calm where you can actually pay to get on get access to other people's credit cards And you don't get the car you don't get the car Yeah, you don't get the car, but you can pretty much pay to get access to get you know authorized user and then from there You know you're pretty much your report is now wide open right like now you're good to go How much does that cost to get the train It depends on the camera right because I look into it. Yeah, it depends on the account But the biggest thing to that I would tell people is that when you start getting credit cards It things like that you can not even list your credit cards on those websites as well And that's how you can start making money right because you can make money just by having good credit Right, so let's say you do get a discover car. Let's say it come with a $5,000 Even if you had a foreshort pretty time there's people that you might know that need it need help with a credit It's like you look I add you my credit card. I'll tell you 250. I'll tell you they don't get the car You know, they get the car. It does their credit roof reflect on you now if I got the card and I add your mark on my card My credit is gonna now reflect on your report not the other way All right, so you made some of the all the right user. Yeah, it's motherfuckin go bankrupt. Yeah, you straight Yeah, okay. I don't just People really stay on someone else's credit card if you're paying for it Like 60 it's like 60 to 90 days and that's the thing about credit cards Like sometimes you get five slots sometimes you get three different times. We start to get you to So it can literally be a side hustle where you know you add in people taking them off For things like that every 60 to 90 days like an extra $1,000 a month depends It was awesome. Yeah, yeah That's probably a good nuts. Yeah, no Because you just add and people want to a card and take it off off You know, so it's like you know a lot of times we do like you said you have four people that are for you for free Yeah, they did charge you you know, I mean 250 that have been $1,000 a year to pay it out And you probably where it didn't understand the way you had to pay it. Oh, I would have did it Sure, no, my credit went for like it was like saying it Let me say zero. I never seen that before yeah, and then it went up to like in the 700 year You know and it got my first card. It was an MX blue Gotcha, and I went and got the gold and the platinum Those are my main cards now I got chase-off sapphire reserve and a bunch of other like cool cards Yeah, it's all about like I said being educated and the resources like I think Willie what happens when we come from you know Empires or certain environments you know you don't nobody even talking about credit because like they said they go to work Eddie bills But they don't really understand how the leverage resources to start businesses and Willie is about creating wealth and so people need to notice information Yeah, because if you want to start a business rub business, yeah, you can do it all okay You can boost track yourself door-talking is getting out of the middle. That was difficult though. Yeah How was like I wish I didn't have to do it. Yeah, you know, so how do we turn it into money the biggest thing is now We want to start that LLC so we're gonna go get the LLC all right We want to make sure doesn't have a risky name We want to get the same yeah, yeah, risky name so A lot of people go in it's like oh, I'm straight hustling. Yeah, yeah, they are all like real estate or Trucking or that they give leeways to like the industry date they operate in No, just keep it simple so like whatever your first and last name as it could be your first and last name initials enterprises Solutions go to be they keep it very big why don't you want to say the industry? Well, because what happens is that some industry depending industry is risky to banks Will the states risk it yeah, it creates the most millionaires what they say right stocks right taxes A lot of stuff actually people make money in but when it comes to banks and how banks view the industry is very risky to it That's a tool I never thought about it If you're in certain financial industries like let's say you do taxes and you want to set a bank account They want banks won't rock with you. So what's it risky? I thought you was like yeah, man Stacks on deck So some like that's a I mean and that's and you know it depends on what you don't like some people like if you got trucking company You can have a LLC that you conduct business in in terms of your contracts and things like that But when it's time to go to the banks the gax of the funding No, I would I wouldn't want to keep it very very general if anything if you want it to have like a crazy name for your business Something if you just get a doing business Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So yeah, so you want to make sure it doesn't really have a risky name We want to get a brick and mortar address one of the ways you can get a brick and mortar address is this is a google Registered agent in whatever state that you ankle bridge a business Right, so you can get a decent business address Get a business phone number right you want to get a 1-800 number for the business as well And really you want to have a business email at your company.com Yeah, right because the biggest thing is always about structure is like if you want to get funding like Walmart or Amazon Any these major companies then this time for us to structure our businesses Yeah, as such What what's the best thing to get? I move to Florida. I actually I started my LLC over again It's funny You know why I'm as good. I think Florida's good when it comes to taxes and things like that's why I think the biggest thing to is a strategy New Mexico is decent but it all depends on strategy because at the same time you got like Florida We got access to most of the banks so we get access to chase the bank of America The credit unions but then it's like okay, truest is a regional bank. We got access to that because they lend it not region But if you're in Wyoming or Delaware Truest is not in your footprint right? So it does depend on strategy in kind of what you're doing if you're gonna think about getting act like Maximizing capital yeah, sometimes just because you want to have asset protection and be anonymous or some of these other things It doesn't mean that's the best thing for if you want to get a access to capital and get a kind of going to scutted business too So always when I had when people ask me hey bro, what's the best way to just like look bro? What is a strategy like number one? We're in the show you operate in and which is strategy for how you want to Build and grow your business and scale because that also depends on that too. You can't just make you know Oh, I want to be anonymous or I want to protect my ass like like No, because hey if you got a business that's have you on capital you need money for that money adds and stuff like that But now you limited to only going out the national banks so once we have all this structure set of right we got that LLC we got our emails all that we did we did all the trade lines we did we did all of that What what kind of Credit score do we want to have before we start on try to get like real you want to have Overset hundreds and the reason why because another thing to write like you never want to make your minimum Your maximums too many times in life, you know a lot of people it's like they want to do the Bermanum, but they want to get the most maximum. Yeah, that's not due that right if the higher school you can have us at 50 you know the best thing is to have at least 700 or but because anything under that now you're kind of a mediocre range Yeah, right and another thing I guess that you know is really important about and this like for people if you have we talk about people I had no kind of right but what about the people who you had some stuff for you might stop So yeah, that's important to you know I'm glad you brought that up because I skipped over yet So the big but the thing is like now with AI like we have AI right and it's like a lot of times People are afraid of using AI not realizing that same thing how to be educated and how to leverage as a resource So with AI now if you have negative items on your credit you can screenshot whatever the negative items on your credit You can upload that negative item the chat GPT you can act chat GPT hey look This is the negative item mark credit draft me and aggressive F-a-dave it is if it came from a customer law attorney using the F-CRA right draft me an aggressive F-a-dave it using like you know using F-CRA got lines and Making it seem as though it came from like a a a a customer law attorney Boom chat jk 10 30 seconds or if less than that five 10 15 second They're gonna spit the whole F-a-dave it up and then you just send that in the mail you can even send a mail But that's what let's say you don't want to send the mail right you can go to Experience dot com and upload your dispute before you even before you even go to experience dot com Once you have the F-a-dave from chat GPT there's a website called notarylive dot com or notarylive dot com You can not arise documents anywhere at any time right so just upload your ID Notarized a document we take the document we can upload that directly to experience then of course you got the CFPB You can go and ask submit a complaint you can upload the same documents there which I think you can go to BBB dot right because I know what's crazy is all the time that these are businesses that look for funding and do things just like us Right so think about the better business bureau What happens is that now you can go and dispute the better business bureau right and now this company has a it has a it's like oh These are some negative reports from you know other consumers and it's like they have the handle these complaints So a lot of times if you got negative items there's so many different ways to go about it But we can use a to at least draft that F-a-dave it right yeah get it no-derived notarylive dot com and Yeah, we can upload it directly to the websites themselves if we do want to send it by mail I suggest going to online certified mail dot com because now you can send that you can send the document I was certified from home. Well, you don't even have to go to the post office Yeah, tonight on online certified mail dot com that's what's up The thing about the F-a-dave is that it's an official swan statement Right so once you sign that and get it no-derived now It's an official swan statement from you as an as an individual Right and then let's say people say oh, I did that and it didn't work Okay, but now you actually can take them to court or go and sue Because now you gave them an official swan statement from you as the consumer Got it and you had a no-derived and then that's like okay data and follow the certains our FCRA got lines Which they're supposed to adhere to so now you can't take in the court and some time people went money and sometime They kind of take the negative item off, but either way you we need to leverage a out of kind of get the negative items off It just be aggressive right sometime you can once you send it in okay, but it sent them I sent the certified now. I know I'm a send the certified return receipt. I know they received it. What kind of do you want to receive it? Excuse me. Hey, Trans you in this is Mr Brown. I sent it in a certified letter stating the different things I was on my you know that was on my credit report Did you get that did you get it? Oh, yeah, we got it. Okay, perfect while I still see the disturbance to report negative I'm a credit report and you guys violated you know you use the same thing that was in your F-a-dave it Right, I need to stop the leader on it. Wait so now you can pick up the phone and be a lot more aggressive How about getting these like that works yeah, yeah I had one of my one of my mentees. This was he was you know he was on a phone experience for our To the thing about life is that like if you're if you're persistent enough and you are Hey like your intentional you're gonna you're gonna make it happen a lot of times people just don't have intention When I'm intentional you're not gonna be successful and that's the thing about credit I think it's like one of them intangible things where think about it. It's like hey man I got free flights. I didn't got you know free computers all types of free stuff. It was in tangent what the time because You used building your business that because of double car, but once it became something tangible now You understand how important it is and that's the thing I think with people is like everything if it's not right now Mike away, you can't just pop in the microwave and have it. It's successful. It's so intensive We've got to be persistent with it. You got it today. Seriously. I guess it depends on how many negative I didn't do have but yeah General how long will it take to for some people to start clearing off the negative I mean If you if you use those f-a-davis get a no-derived you're gonna see results in the end your first 30 days Right 30 days. Well you just got to be persistent like people just see a thing about us as human beings We're emotional right and like we have a motion to when the things don't really go our way Yeah, but like if you just Precistently keep staying on top of that stuff you have everything wiped off your credit You know and really in no time I say no time because a lot of times Deadpool is staying in credit for a 70 years Even if it took eight months is that compared to you know eight years? That's not a long time but how consistent and persistent are we about the process and understanding like it's where we're going Not what we came from people to cut up in the past they always looking in the rear of you Whenever you can't drive looking in the rear view you gotta know what you want to win show this bigger They got right so that's the thing like that's what people when it comes to credit and just their life It's like this is your livelihood this is you being a creature in the rest of the world because in the in our system like everybody Is leveraging dead right the whole shit even the government right like oh We in this material use it Yeah, we stood the most powerful country in the America I mean in the world that's the fact But we still leverage in other people's money right we're still doing trades and borders and things like that So it's just like when people start to really understand the system and understand how money work That's the first thing that people do is it's like clean a credit and work on that and then a lot of times the business I did as I think that people have like it really would work if they had they has capital Have fun. All right, so now we did that what's the next step? Let's in it and we can get our shit to like seven 50 now All of a sea yeah got the LSE cleaned up our clear curve where I belong that to business checking the counts It's the same thing. I'm looking at the checking accounts with Bank of America Mom and you chase them for one because like I said they're the biggest asset on the Debar America I'm looking at some community banks. I'm still doing some marketing as well same thing I'm gonna do the same thing in terms of the build on the real different ways I have all my shit Yeah, so bank America bro like it some other relationships because think about like you were Been this on it, right if you already like went to chase naked you money Okay, boom got you already I don't have my money all the time. We're here. Let me go Let me go step is my relationship with them And let me start building with them and let me see if I could get some funding with them right because it's like and you can do this every even like every 91 days You can go and do like anywhere for three to five banks Okay, and just a stay every 90 days. Yeah, and just to start establishing relationships Even if you put in 2020 find it 5,000 in something like that even if you're letting us sit and it's like cool like that You can call the bank of you know you got 5,000 in the account They just want to know what kind of business credit cards is stuff. You all got what kind of stuff do you guys offer? I'm saying and then sometimes you could put it game like let's say we'll change I got 700 That or whatever I got 75,000 sit in change right now You know, I move everything over what you got going on? They even sell your game. Oh, yeah, man. We got this this this this this You can move your money over for a couple days get a couple business credit card I guess some access to capital and then it's like you could do it. I'll be one So how much money would you do you need to put in the business account for them to like you know Leave it over Chase bank America. I would say if you got 2500 school because most of them charge A $10 fee or 5000 fee or something like that if you don't got 2500 more so at the minimum I would start with 20,000 2000 and I would act the bank like what's the minimum that you can have and that's the thing that's so motivated And it's funny because you got different counts with Chase one of the things that motivated me with Chase was like They got accounts day you can have a hundred thousand minimum. You know, I mean like you know a certain account They got accounts with like it's it's 20,000 they got accounts with a hundred thousand dollars And I was like wow it was crazy that you know You know money where I come from bottom all like I ain't you know, but I had a hundred thousand liquid Yeah, so it's like there it's people that they just keep a hundred thousand and then they checking the cards I'm just such it like that's the minimum That's right and it's like so that means that's broke the some people like there's people out here in the world right now That a hundred thousand I'll say any count is broke that's the thing about life Man, it's all about how many experiences you can have I think a lot of times when people are broke or when you don't have money It's because they don't get around other experiences with people That's the fact you know, I mean it's like like growing up in Chicago I thought I was a bridge right like the south side like we thought I was rich You've come to find out I was just only me with a dead Yeah, so we had two incomes yeah, I got sent to a military school because I got some trouble And then um, but there was some like legit rich kid yeah and like it so one do I went to it I went to his crib for the weekend instead of going back home Chicago almost his crib It was my roommate scratching my fucking horses yeah like horses Yeah, horses I never said I know she had a mansion He's there with his they had like man cars, you know like they they have roses for us and she but they had like beehives and yeah That type yeah, yeah, and I was like oh shit, you know what your dad do is like Just a doctor Look how you doctor Like just a regular ass doctor Like yeah, you know like shit, man bucket. I'm gonna go to college That was what I was thinking you know back in the 90s That's crazy bro because in and with that shows is that like you got into a different environment It shows you something different and it's like now I motivated you to want to be something that you didn't even that you never even thought about I understand because you know coming from Baltimore like I'm for me with Baltimore like like in the hood It feels feels hopeless like you could feel it right it's like 10 was like so it's no wonder You know kids to get in the gangs so start doing another shit right and because when I go back to Chicago I know them kids they don't think they gonna be hedge fund managers Oh shit like that like For real it's like I they're gonna be alive. Yeah, you know saying like real thing about and I think like What's so crazy is that like a lot of times is because your parents like you know the grand parents the family is like Really used to all what your family right and like most of people in our families is like they go to work Yeah, they paid a bill they they honest things like that but it's like when you think about things given in Christmas T was like these conversations it's not like You know it take you going to a different type of school getting on a different environment and it's like damn This damn this shit really is possible like and I was a thing for me like even just seeing that people had like 100,000 dollars was broken some people Yeah, liquid is minimum like okay like I even at that time was like I got my money up Yeah, and that's the thing about money. You know, I mean it's like you don't even know Was possible until you really get a chance to see what's was going on in the world and I think that you know like in the hood Like a lot of people were shelter You know, because even like in the hood it's like yo I bank with time When I bank with you know, it's like bro you're gonna real bank again. Yeah, I remember I don't know I remember Yo, we was catching our checks at the liquor store Yeah, people still don't know Yeah, they still doing it like I know that was thing yeah, I remember catching checks at the liquor store I remember my first one of my first checks when I was a personal trainer. I was like 17 and I went straight to the liquor store Okay, the cash is You know, it's funny. It's not the one of my guys right? He got a refund check. Yeah, the morning state. Yeah, yeah refund check, right? He got two. I'm like one one day. He was like 3500 next day. He gave me another 30 find it right lot of you not I took him to the liquor store 3500 I was You can't you cash this cash is really fun check and then like you know and he took the whole 3500 I came up with this all his money is probably it started peeling up you know Because like I'm and it's crazy as you say this but I promise you it's funny When when you look back at like the fact that people that we do stuff and it's all based upon lack of education We just ain't no no better. I could I got a checking account. Yeah, I was never said I'll cash it look It's okay Like a fee depending on how many I forgot how I'm depending on like every 100 E-pass certain amount of money Yeah, you better fee like if you got a check on the account how much do I call such cash check? Nothing nothing So it's like you do it from your phone now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Like just from your phone and that's the thing like and then we and then what happens when you do when you like education You know spend more money. Yeah, because you don't even had a It's ignorance test ignorance test that's what it's paying you know straight up, man So now that we got that let's see yeah That's what I mean distracted but I was making sure they get the game You know so they know what to do. I know you like not like sometimes people come on especially if they they Coat just sometimes coaches don't want to give the sauce But you give you given it all and I appreciate that Yeah, because the only way that we grow in our community is if we if we impart the wisdom and dollars That's not the them to go execute and that's the biggest thing that I see that even when you give game We don't matter how much game we give because that's what it's only a select few people That's gonna go out there execute straight up, man, and then some people You know that's why I tell everybody who's like a coach or anything like you're gonna give as much game as possible Because some people execute it and they'll just they'll just love you for it, right? There's some people among you who's like yeah, I don't want to do it It's like but I all pay someone to do yeah, right? You know sense of people. Yeah, yeah, but no, so once you got that Let's see if you go and establish those business back checking the counts And then you want to go to you want to find relationship managers So even with Chase when you set up your account you can ask them for a private banker Yeah, relationship manager And then basically what you do with the relationship managers you want to go in now Let's say you want to get a $50,000 business credit card a $75,000 business credit card When you're doing your application right we talk about the household income like that right What happens when your business revenue side? Let's say you want to get a $50,000 or 75,000 business credit card your business revenue has to be you can project your business revenue Right, but you want to project this your doing at least at least a million more. Okay, a year a year a year business Right, even if it's brand new right now What happens is that if you go to Chase private banker and let's say you let's say you say you're you're you're you're regular income You know as a hundred let's say Anyway from 147,000 to 265 right let's just say that on a business application right so you put that down for your yeah Yeah, yeah income your personal income and then for the business you can say you're gonna million 1.1 1.2 No right those data points will give you a either 50,000 or 75,000 Business credit card with Chase you can get that as your you and you've got to prove this You don't got to and you and the biggest thing about Chase is that they give up to 150,000 right now with no prevent Like the Chase ink Chase ink order or or the I could be the Chase unlimited the unlimited order ink okay Then go right and then what happens is that now? What's the difference when you do really they kind of like the same car Because I got the ink I'm like man do I need to unlimited as well So the same car they'd be really do similar things like both from a 0% for 12 for 12 months What I did was I got the I had got the ink right and then I got the unlimited The ink they gave me 75k 0% you know, I know me they gave me 25k so I was in the 100k from Chase Zero percentors. I didn't have to prove no income anything like that. Wow and the best thing about business credit You can wear you to expert this thing, but you can run up the utilization and it'll affect your purse It don't affect your credit score. It's not even on your it doesn't even show you a person Yeah, you can run up you just they got you know, yeah, and that's why I saw is there's bench that you like this business credit cards You don't want to get capital 1 because that repository a personal discover business credit card We're posting a personal TD bank that business credit card also reports the a person So those are three business credit cards that you want to make so you stay away away Yeah, right because you want to get it run it up like you say and leverage it for your business and things like that But Mx is good Mx is great That's I do most much of the Mx before we run some shit over on the chase tool The thing about the thing about Mx right is like the loungest of course again I was just and yes, I mean the best part That's one of the area When I go to the to the planning station. I call it the planning station Yeah, because it's a long story, okay, but then when I go to my stage I had straight to this interior like straight Especially if it was early flight because that breakfast five or some times You know the lunch is hit or miss but the breakfast goes hard Yeah, and then I hit the shit when I get off the plant. Yeah, all right at the next So I get two free meals and they usually pretty good. Yeah, yeah, and that's like that's what I'm saying But I think that Even like for fitness like so yeah, and it's like your you start it you start your fitness brand and now you need to build You need to run ads boost post you need to get more awareness like you can leverage I American Express Goldcroft for six months to 0% yeah, and you can run ads You can and with the gold card the correct me for one of the first hundred hundred hundred k you get four points Four times points and that's the thing like and then people don't really understand the point at the points But now like you said you start getting free stuff pro free flights I don't remember less on my pay for a flight and I take like I think like 50 flights here Yeah, yeah, it's because I and In first class and I remember the last on my pay for one with cash and me my girl We just came back we had this when to this resort and can't cool Okay, you know all inclusive shit Some real nice shit some fall it shit first class down there fucking sweet at the resort We want to sweet with this own pool, you know, I hope shit all points all points all point. Yeah So that's and that's why I think love you said man. It's just it's just once you once you get access to information Like it literally change the situation so yeah, so I would do I would do that with Chase I would go there American Express I would get those cards as well. I would look at Bank of America as well And then the biggest thing I tell you is to like you gotta go to like it's different resources So you got I bank that right I bank that calm where you can now look at You can look at different banks that are pretty much in your foot print per se Okay, and you can also start relationships or even least pick up the phone call and figure out what they're lending prices is Who they lend to and you can also ask who the day poor from that's another thing that's really important when you want to go out to business funding is Because like Chase right now, they're pulling from experience Transigen right Mx is pulling from you know experience But you got banks like native federal they won't pull from transient and too So now what you can do is you can kind of figure out how you want to do your sequence and funding right knowing what banks are hole from Transigen what bank is going to pull from X. Tell them why that's important about big sister God, because really you want to get access to much fun as possible So if I know that choice is going to pull from echo facts and I know that Chase is going to pull from experience and Transigen right and I know that bank of America so bank of America if it's a personal credit card They're going to pull from experience if it's only business they pull from transient okay, so it's just knowing Okay, how do I access the most amount of capital but when they limited amount of inquiries and they're wires like drop your credit score They drop your credit scores well and Movoter and it lets banks know that you're looking for capital Right, so now we want to we want to play against each other basically if I go if I go to a truest and then they pull from echo facts I'm going to go to a bank that pulls from experience I want to go to another bank that pulls from transient that way you can get a bunch of funding at once at one time And understanding who they pull from and you can also still do that play But make sure you deal with the relationship managers so true as has relationship managers every bank That you're pretty much going to deal with they have like even private bank relationships It's another thing I feel like people do is that people don't pick up the phone and call at a look You know I'm interested in getting this what what kind of products do you guys offer So one thing that you do like that's that you want to get access of funding You pick up the phone you caught a bank you want to know one hey, who do you pull from? Yeah, do you pull from transient and echo facts experience right and other thing that you want to ask is how many lending products am I able to get on this inquiry? Right because I We're quite the ones you can what they call double dip so with credit units a lot of times you can get a You can get a credit card personal loan right all off of this One inquiry right but most banks don't allow you to do that some most banks is like the more pools that you do I mean the more like credit cards you want to get alone They make do a hard pool, you know every single time so it's kind of understanding that But that's why you ask questions like even with us and novice you have banks like Sonova Sonova Sonova's will allow you to we call it a multiple entity funding so let's say you got Brandon Carter LLC and you got BBC LLC right you could do one inquiry with Sonova's and get a business credit card for the BC LLC and get one for Brandon Carter But it's one inquiry and Sonova's also post maclifact as well. That's what stuff so it's different What's different is different things to it? How do you learn all this stuff just locking into one and understand how the system works? You know a lot of times my my pain came from my I wanted to over the state deal and I Part of what a guy and he and basically he was able to steal 68,000 dollars from me out of the deal Me and my mind right, but what he knew was how to set up that LLCs and he knew how to go to banks and guys It's the capital when we closed in our first property He was able to get the 68,000 we didn't even understand how he did it and that and that that pain was something I want to turn into a triumph so yeah, that's when I just dug in everything about LLCs and fixing our credit and stuff like that Just understanding what banks pulled from where and I did a lot of YouTube University right there was a lot of mentors You know shout them my guy and 500 you know, just even tapping in the him and recession proof and stuff like that But I'm somebody if you give me access information I'm gonna execute yeah, and so that was really I think that's the biggest thing is so much information on here already on YouTube even for like Let's say being fitness if you want to start a fit in front of it. It's called it's so much information But people do not really tapping they don't they don't lock in on information and then when they get the information A lot of people play around like oh should I do this? Everybody's looking for confirmation of validation with someone outside of them. No, fuck that like you need to validate yourself And go do it yourself so that way you can learn information implemented execute and you are changing like stop What info validation? Excuse me and confirmation from somebody outside of you. Yeah, that's the biggest thing That's the same. We're working to see if you would find more about that chief SBS man So you could find me on Instagram at chief SBS YouTube chief SBS Facebook is my it's crazy It was it's Tyrell L Brown Facebook TikTok same thing you could find me a cheap SBS man. It's finding all platforms You're giving out a lot of this game on the platform. I'm so a lot of games give out on the platforms Just text if you text free to 24 zero 301 1188 I'll send you my free training where breaks now how to get access to zero percentages business funding And 70's less than how to clean your credit with AI and 40s even I learned a bunch of shit that I'm gonna have to utilize man. Thank you brother You said you man, thank you for letting me get on the party. Let's hope man. What's that this is what you?

=== FILE: Crazy Election Theory! [Biden Drops Out, Trump Almost Died] [RdaA53ciBXw].txt ===

Recently there was an assassination attempt on former president Trump and it's not the first time we've experienced this as a nation, you know, luckily Trump wasn't critically injured or mortally wounded. He's going to be fine. He's going to be fine. But I want to talk about why I think this happened and what is going to mean for the country and why I think this basically guarantees the Trump will win the election. The basically guarantees he didn't need a whole lot of help. No, Biden out here trying to stand up can barely talk. He didn't need a whole lot of help. Yo, this is Brandon Carter from the future. I filmed this video. You're watching before Joe Biden dropped out the race, just dropped out the way it rates like an hour to go. Right. And I just found that while I was doing some work as a cardio on my desk bike or a hike on my hide option for in bulk. Listen, if I don't care who is the election, I'm not a Democrat or a public ed, I don't really give a fuck. I'm a fall no matter what no matter who wins. However, if I was in charge of the Democratic Party, I would just forfeit this election because there's no way you're going to have somebody out here, for raise somebody out here for campaign to just trump for four months and expect to emerge victorious after this guy has been campaigning really for the last four years. This shot and you're going to have somebody compete against him in four more months after he gets shot in the end and then get up and has a whole whole unit that we're a Republican convention. You have somebody beat him. They should just work with this. Check me out. He would have four of it. This focus on winning the house in the Senate because the president can only do so much without part of the space from the House of Representatives in the Senate. I mean, you can still appoint Supreme Court justices but like one of them has to die over retire for that to happen. Anything do something like executive orders but that's kind of limited in scope. I believe you can just forfeit this focus on the House in the Senate in reloading the next election. Man is so it's over man. I'm about to get back the doing cardio on the O shape. I'm okay with a win. It's man looking my life. I like me going change. I'm about to win. I think you can't head it in the bag. I have a theory about presidential elections that I want to share with you. Now first of all, why did this happen? Well, here's some studies I found. This is research published in Washington Journal but it's based off studies they found from other data source research data center of America over the years. There's been more political divide in the nation. For example, so Republicans hate Democrats more. Now that they did in like 94, right, according to polling, and Democrats hate Republicans more than they did in 94. It's getting worse and worse every year. Like the political rhetoric within the country is starting to spill over in the real world events. Here's some more polling data that shows that each side thinks that the other side is more this honest close-minded and immoral in more than it used to be. Right? So basically, each side likes each other less. In fact, it might be better to say than each side that's starting to hate the other side more over the years. Now personally, I am not a Democrat or Republican. I'm an independent voter and I live in a swing state. I decide the election. All the politicians are always trying to get my vote and because I don't identify as Republican or Democrat liberal or conservative, it allows me to actually just look at the candidates, their policies, actually listen to what they have to say and then make it a form decision. I say all this to say, I don't have a horse in this race. I'm not biased at all to either Democrats or Republicans. Just put that out there. All right. Now here's some more data that shows that over the years, each party thinks that the other parties agenda will destroy America and this sentiment has been increasing more and more over the years. And you see it in the rhetoric you can see that in our discord. I really believe that the biggest threat to America is not an outside force, it's not Russia, it's not China, it's the political divide that we have. If America does fall, it will be from within and not from without because we see my lost sight of the fact that we're more similar than we are different. We agree on more things than we disagree on. And because I have friends who are super leftling Democrat and I have friends who are super rightling Republican, I've talked about the both groups about issues. They all went similar things just a different version of it. Both sides agree on more things in a disagree on, but they hate the other side for disagreeing on the things that they disagree on. It's gaggle like how people in Boston like baseball and people in New York like baseball, but they hate each other's teams. But they both want to see a good baseball, they both want to lead the do well. It's kind of like that in American politics. We all want America to see. We all want a lot of the same things, it's just different versions. But the rhetoric has really got out of the hand. The make matters worse, most Americans aren't that smart. This is a graph of American IQs. The average Americans IQ is about 100, which is fine, quite literally average. But that means half the people are to the left of this bill curve. And about 20, 25% of people are here under 85, which is kind of fucking stupid. It's stupid. Below 70 is kind of a disability. Right? These are people who are the difficulty doing things on their own. Yeah. So below 70's like the R word and lower 70, 85 is like stupid. And there's a lot of, there's a lot of them. These people can vote too. And even if you wait that smart, but then that fucking morons. Right? Like these people are kind of fucking morons. Right? And they can vote as well. Make matters worse. I say all that to say, there's no way that all these people on this graph can comprehend the inner workings of global politics or national politics. They can't tell you about the macroeconomy or the microeconomy. They can't tell you what rising interest rates means. They can't tell you shit about anything. They dumb. They dumb legitimately stupid. Ignore it. Our word. And even the smart people with higher IQs don't know a lot about politics. I have 37 employees right now. And when I was higher people, one of the interview questions I had was named three senators. No one has ever passed it. These are smart people. These people college graduates. Like smart people. They could not name three senators. No one has ever passed it. Of the top of the day. So if the average American can't name three senators. And then about 20% of them are kind of fucking stupid. But all of them can vote. It stands the reason that Americans do not pick their leaders based off policy. It's not a policy decision. I think. Listen to me. And this is why I think Trump is going to win. And this is why I think him getting shot up like 50 actually helped him. I think that Americans use a more primal method to pick their leaders. I think Americans by and large vote for the candidate that would win in a fight. It sounds ridiculous. But I back tested this. And I'm going to go into the data. I have data to support this. Let's get into it. So the very first example of this is when John F. Kennedy went against Nixon. This was before Nixon was president. This was the first time you ran. They had a debate. And here's a study from Purdue University where they did a scholarly analysis of the debate. And what they said was people who listened to the debate on the radio. You remember this is old school. So not everybody had a TV. Most people didn't have a TV. TV was just coming out. So a lot of people listened to it on the radio. People listened to it. On the radio were more likely to vote for Nixon. But people who watched the debates on a television was more likely to vote for Kennedy. One explanation of this phenomenon was the presidential candidate against physical appearance during the debate with Kennedy appearing better on television than on TV. And yeah, look at these more folks, man. Kennedy's all tall, young, looking like a G. Nixon looking like a, he looked like a cartoon villain. Kennedy looking like a young superhero man from the 50s. This is where it really began when TV came out. But I back tested this strategy. So let's go. We're going to take it from 1980. Ronald Reagan was like the first Trump. Ronald Reagan was a fucking movie star. This is a picture of him in cowboy movies when he was shooting up people in shit. He was, it'd be like it for the rock ran for president. Because back in Reagan's time, it was cowboy movies. It was like that shit that everybody fuck played. Right? That was the action movie at a time. And he was a star in that. He ran against Jimmy Cart. What do you think one? You guys were in the live. What do you think one? Ronald Reagan, whoop Jimmy's ass? Then Ronald Reagan went again, man. You know, four years later he's up for reelection. Who do you go against? Walter. Mondale. I don't know shit about this guy. And you don't either. But you can just look at the pictures. You're probably assess who would you vote for? Who do you want to lead you? All right. Then we hit George W. Bush after Reagan. Because you can only run two consecutive terms. George W. Bush came through. He was the leader to CIA at one point. George Bush was also, he also worked in the Reagan administration. Ronald Reagan is a cowboy and he was a fighter pilot. George Bush goes against Michael Ducakis. Yo, man. George looked tougher. He won. And during the time, like I researched this election because I was a toddler when this happened, but I researched it. They were kind of talking about Michael Ducakis like he was a bitch. Like he was a punk. The political ads they weren't really talking about his policies. They were just saying yo, he a punk. He did some clown shit. He tried to dress up and like some military shit and he looked like a clown. And that's what all the ads were like, yo, just like a punk man. No fuck, man. Right. That was the whole shit. Then George W. Bush now he got a little older. Remember the presidency ages you. George W. Bush is going to witness reelection. Who's he goes against Bill Clinton? At the time Bill Clinton was mad. Young cool. This is him on a campaign trail. Right. He was going on talk shows playing the saxophone. Really good. Looking young. Where Bush was looking kind of, he was being kind of older frail this time. Clinton wiped the floor with this motherfucker. Man, when even close. Boom. Then Clinton, he goes for reelection. Boom. He goes up against Popdo. I who you think one man. Who you think one. Now it also helped it. The economy was super good during the Clinton administration. Then we had two new contenders. George Bush Jr. Right. His daddy was already president. Verse Al Gore. Al Gore was Bill Clinton's vice president. That is these two were evenly matched. But George Bush, you know, he was the governor of Texas and he really marketed himself like a cowboy. Also real deal. Send me the same type shit. This is the campaign photo. Yeah. That's not CGI. That's not Photoshop. There was fire behind him while he was at the podium speaking. Right. And this is Al Gore. Al Gore wasn't a bitch. And he had the benefit of, you know, a successful Clinton administration. The economy was at record levels. Everything was fucking super good at that time. This one was super close. But Bush won. It depends. It depends. Who you ask? Because Bush did not win the popular vote or the like electoral vote. This was actually decided by the Supreme Court. So this is the only one that may be, uh, but it doesn't poke holes in my theory. All right. Bush up reelection. Oh, he goes against John Kerry. Come on man. You already know. All right. All right. Then we had John McCain. All right. John McCain was a war hero. Right. Vietnam auditioned. He won no bitch. But then he had to go up against the big home from Chicago. Barack Hussein Obama. Right. Obama out here. Me dunking on my fucking looking. Yeah. Who do you think we're winning a fight? Right. This is my whole premise. I think America's vote for whoever winning a fight. And if you back test my theory up into 1980, I think it's standing. It's a whole of the truth. You know, at the time McCain was having a hard time walking around his shit. He was old as fuck Obama out here dunking on people and he said, you fuck with him. Right. Then Obama's up reelection. Still got to mean jump shot. Still got to mean pull up jumper. Right. Goes up against Mitt Rodney. Mitt Brown. He wasn't like a bitch, right? But I don't know Obama. Mitt Brown was like a warm in he was super religious. You know, he just seen kind of the wrong Mormons. And then right. If I had to guess man, the guys who had heard dunking on people were probably winning when the if they were we had Donald Trump. Trump came through talking crazy. Being crazy. Rocking the hat going up against Hillary Rodham Clinton. This is the only one that kind of pokes holes in my theory because Hillary Clinton won the popular vote Donald Trump won the electoral college. So those you guys don't know shit about American politics. We have this weird system called the Electoral College where every state gets a vote. So you basically got to have to win the state. It's not who gets the most votes. It's who gets the most elector votes. Each state has a number of elector votes. So you can lose the popular vote. Meaning you could actually get less total votes than you're opponent in steel when the election if you win the right states. It's super weird. But that's the system we got. But he still wants a kind of fucks with my theory because she won the popular vote. He's still won elections. So must I think my theory still stands. And Trump's a free election. Now here's the thing. It wasn't the same Trump. We had fat Trump. Y'all might not remember four years of the long time. Y'all might have forgot. Trump got super fat. And then he got COVID-19 shit. Getting sick makes you look weak. That's why I stopped getting sick. And you know, I kind of realized, oh man, getting sick makes you look weak. So I let me stop doing that and I just quit. I just gave up. You should do it too. Right with that Trump. I guess I know you think sleepy Joe Biden or the other shit. But you know he wasn't looking like so much of a bitch four years ago. In fact, I remember watching the campaign. And I was like super impressed that these old ass men was doing a bunch of speeches per day flying around. I was like, yeah, I'm tired. This fucker. These guys on Adderall or what they do with me? Like if I got to do, if I got to lead a house twice, I'm tired in my 30s, late 30s. This helped Biden look. This is a campaign picture. He wasn't looking as much of a bitch back then. I'm saying he wasn't looking like as much of a bitch. But Trump had got fucking fat. And he got COVID made him look weak. He lost that election. Like if I had to pick fat Trump over Biden four years ago in the fight, I think Biden would have won that fight. Things have changed though. Now we got this Trump. I'm man taking bullets on stage. And then raising his fist like yeah, fuck what you heard. I'm still out here. Biden is having difficulty walking upstairs. You know what I'm saying? This is the contrast now. Biden's health and mental health has seemed to have taken a turn for the worse. It's been a difficult four years for Biden. Nobody's going after Biden. They just wait and this easy to just wait some steers again. They just wait and they're on the stairs. And Trump's out here taking bullets on stage. There is no doubt in my mind that Trump is going to win this election. Look, we just back tested my theory. We went back over 40 years. You understand? That's 42 years of data. 44 years of data. Almost 50 years of data. The proved that Americans vote for the person who would win a fight. It's clearly Trump right now. Biden is losing fights with staircase. Trump is taking bullets to the face or stage. Then he wouldn't play golf the next day. It's super clear. I really think that's how Americans picked their present. I'm not saying it's right. Or wrong. I'm just saying that's what it is. That's how it is. And you know, a lot of people are thinking that this was a political stunt. Listen, man. I know a lot of people would miss shot. I don't know nobody's miss shot on purpose. Especially the close to the brain. Like, if I was to get shot on purpose, the shooter would aim for my fucking head. Right? It'd be like Leahy, fucking shoulder. Like, definitely away from all the vital organs where my brain. Like, a head shot. You don't call it duty. You get like props. You get like points for head shots. I know I'm playing Call of Duty and it tells me how many head shots I got. Right? How wouldn't be? You'll listen. I want you to shoot me almost in the head. Like that. I don't listen. That is not a stunt. Had he not turned to say it would be in a different situation. And I'm super glad he dodged that bullet. Because I think America dodged a bullet. Because it would remember when I showed you before. How it's been so much like rhetoric between the two parties and the two parties hate each other more. You saw what happened when he just lost the election. They stormed the Capitol. Right? He has supported stormed the Capitol. Imagine if they blew his head off. Right? It would be crazy out here. I'm so glad he wasn't hit. I don't know what happened to America. If losing election calls people to storm the Capitol imagine what that would have done. I'm super glad he survived. When I say I have friends on both sides of the aisles, like legit I have friends on both sides that I have friends who can't paint in New York for Bernie Sanders. I also have one of my boys went to prison because he was dormant in the Capitol. He was in one of the pictures. Hey, everyone in the Capitol. That was my boy. And I was like, whoa, I didn't know he felt distorably about it. Or he gave his freedom. And that was a millionaire. He wasn't like some fucking redneck truck driver and broke boy. He was a millionaire. He was just super, super excited about this shit. That's why our politics is today. Right? And I noticed one Trump won the first election. I asked my followers. I have a lot of them. If you voted for Trump, tell me why you voted for Trump. Because I didn't vote that election. I wasn't trying to demean him. I wasn't really wanting to know. Like what the pill was. And I would have did the same thing if they voted for Hillary Clinton. I just wanted to get it out of the mind of voters. None of them gave me any policy decisions. None of them told me about him either. The policies he wanted to do in that only thing the general consensus was. Basically he was saying that he was a bad ass or that he that he wasn't politically correct. And that was like the consensus. Like, oh, you want to fuck this really wanted rainbow. That was what you really wanted. He was a little bit more fucking rambo or the Terminator or some shit like that. That had been your perfect candidate. And even that supports my theory. Here's what I'll say. The president show election will have way less impact on your personal life than you think. It really will. Because the president for him to get anything done, he needs help both Congress and the Senate. And he's going to need some bipartisan support to get anything done. And that's the system we have. Where we don't want we're not electing kings. Right. We have a system where checks and balances. No conservative president can be as conservative. They want to be in the Liberal. President can be as liberals. They want to be. And history has proven that. What will affect your life substantially is the actions that you take no matter what happens in the economy, no matter what happens in the government. I'm going to find a way to succeed no matter what. So if Biden wins he won't. But if Biden wins, I'm going to find a way to succeed in an OSTR. I'm sensitive. If Trump wins, I'm going to find a way to succeed in the OSTR. I'm going to succeed no matter what. I mean, I'm a ball no matter what. That's why I don't read my horse scope. If I don't care what you produce, I'm care where Mark Eury is. I'm care where the moon is. I'm going to get money. I'm saying. I don't give a fuck what Mark Eury does. Mark Eury can suddenly get my debt. I'm going to get this money. You understand? And I'll care who wins the election. I'm going to get this money no matter what. You need to have that same outlook on life that you are going to make sure you succeed. Your family succeeds. The people close to you succeed no matter what happens. That's the American way. If you want to learn more on how you can succeed in any circumstances, I got a video somewhere right here that has showed you how to set goals and accomplish them in record time. You can run circles around these motherfuckers. And if the Republic is winning, you'll benefit from the tax cuts. All right. Let's go.

=== FILE: DAILY VLOG me and the rich homies racing super cars and yachts [1eQ3g3iObb0].txt ===

Today we're racing a $5 million yacht versus two super cars to sing who can get around Miami to fast. I'm my hero where I'm a cake and dependent lead a made of weight I'm the people's voice of pepper in the world. To my place and to the wind I'm the star of its own trophies and from the top here my boy, Wade, and my boy Tom was actually my second name real estate mentor. They're easy going to be driving the super car and I'm moving right in the top $5 million yacht. So Wade, which car are you going to tell you? Yeah, as the Martin would drive an ass-demarin DBS super ligera D12 naturally aspirated monster. Hmm, when years it, uh, 2021. Come on man. How much, how much do you pay for that ship? Uh, right around 300. Bring a hundred, okay? Yeah, damn. Those affected reruns or no. Those are some aftermath. Well, there's one of that, yeah, no, no. That's dope man. We've been 20, 27, you're 27. Yeah? Those are guests. I'm nice with this hit man. Never loops. Now Tom, you got an incision to make. Because you got several super cars. I don't know if I'm going to go beat you guys in the Phantom and Comfort, hmm, or if I'm going to do a real slow in the electric, it rolls Royce. That one's fast though, isn't it? It's quick, but I might run out of range. I might run out of powder and yeah, in which case I might be a half push it. You need a portable charger or something. I don't know. More than like, let me take my new 2025, uh, revulta. Hmm, oh, this is thousand horsepower, uh, V12. 2020, old ad. Yeah, some light. I just got it today. So this got to you, sit in. Yeah, so it might as well just go ahead and try it and see what happens. Yeah, okay, okay, okay. It's fast in here, McLean. Yeah, McLean's 700 horsepower, Ferrari 700 horsepower. This is a thousand. So I think we got a little bit. And it's up to 2.3 seconds, 36. Oh, my. So it's violent. How much did this cost? This was a light 700,000. That's it? I'll take it up today. They give it a move. You should've got two. All right, uh, it's an option I probably would have. I love it. It's an awesome car. I've driven it. This is a little bit, but this will be a good way to stretch out her legs and see how fast I can get to the restaurant. All right, cool. I'm gonna ride Tom, $5 million. Yeah, tell us about the yacht. Yeah, so I got the yacht about a year and a half ago. It's a purging, right at 100 feet. I paid $5 million, box has Brandon is said. It's gonna, I mean, it's fast. It's a fastest boat in its class. It weighs 100 tons, but you can do about 50 miles an hour. So you're gonna be hauling ass most of the way there. Outside of the no weight zones. All right, so it actually will be pretty close because we're gonna be contending with traffic. You have one bridge to deal with. So we're gonna see exactly what happens. All right, let's get it. The loser has to pay for lunch. I'm then making handle that, all right. All right, so I'm gonna go get in the boat right now. So I'm gonna pick it up as crib too. And we're all gonna start and leave at the same time. Let me tell you what I'm gonna tell you. They're making it hard. Taking it back to the other me. Go play with the reaper. You can practice what you're so me. But my mind, my mind, now you fist or watch it. You can't just stop. I'm just gonna put it in this room. I'll set my mind time and find out when the news will come. I'm gonna put money on my head. That's what I was. It happens to be if it happens to me. That's what I'm gonna lead at the same time. The reason for what they think. Let's go. Three. Two. What? Yep. Three. Two. One. Let's go. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. If it's gonna be a car, that's gonna win. It's definitely gonna be us because he couldn't even keep up if he wanted to. And that, uh, asked him. I mean, it's comfortable. It's very James Bondish. But then in day, it's slow. And we have a performance on our side. I'm here with Captain Chris. Yo. Yo. What do you, who do you think is gonna win? Oh, let's see. There, and uh, some rush hour traffic at the moment. I like it to our traffic is pretty. So we might be able to get them. Yeah. Well, if it wasn't any traffic, who would win? Uh, then I would have to say, probably Tom. Tom and I'm brand new, Rob Welto. By the test to shit out on the highway. You're about to see what this boy made of. I'm telling him, press. Ask me how I'm living. I'm telling him, press. You mean, you know, I'm not. They take me to see you out of play. I keep wanting to know. Today, we're in the side. You mean, no time to waste. Make a me to see you out of play. I keep running. And then is, uh, going, probably around 40 miles an hour right now down the intercold stall. Heading towards the restaurant. And, um, we're gonna try to beat him there as fast as we can. Yo, the homies are racing. They're probably in traffic or some shit. I'm chilling on Instagram live. Well, my boys have been traffic. Trying to beat me in a race. Here we go. Here we go. What are we in? No way out. Let's go. Okay. Now it's paying me. I don't know. Reason's right. What? Reason's right. And there's a go. What's the one that came in? What is going to fall? So you treat the coalition. I put that in on the mission. I'm gonna allow me every dollar you should raise your eye. That's the market. I'm not the vision like I'm calling on the latest eye. And the reason why I've been like a filter sensor danger. Yeah. You can go to the top. Check out the view. So just with $5 million, I'm gonna get you. Not bad. I'm gonna allow you on Instagram. But this bridge is gonna slow us down because we gotta go slower. That might give them a competitive advantage in the race. So I'm trying to get a free lunch today. I spent all my money on this car today so I need a little help. I think it's a little help. There's a lot of things to do in the past coming up here. I'm gonna just try to stay ahead and see if he pours him to do something stupid. Because if he crashes, he can't win. And wait is very predisposed to crashing because he's very reckless. And overall, lunatic. So we're gonna try to avoid staying in front of him too much and rather die, you know. And try to get cut ahead of him. So GPS is showing two minutes out. We're gonna see if we can bring this home and get to the Valle first. Light has Brandon Carter doing. We've got to find out. Oh shit, you guys got there. Oh shit. Oh shit. I'm still here. I'm about to go to a bridge. Oh, you can go. It shouldn't even close. The bridge is open at the bottom and at the top of every hour, 435 o'clock. And he missed the 430 bridge opening. So what that means is he's got to wait until 5 o'clock for that thing to open again until he's gonna be able to pop back out. So it's gonna take a while. Front, CPT, where I'm Brandon's time. And he's always late to every function. So this makes sense. I'm trying to get it not to butt. So bizarre seeing my boat coming in from the water. It's always using on it. But today we got thirsty. This is my 100 foot purging motor yacht coming by. Grabbing lunch with us. We got the Ciri won the race, but they can figure it out. Yeah, you turn it around. A little remote. Throw here. Are you driving the boat with a remote? Yes, sir. Driving the boat with a remote. Come on, man. Yo. Who's a good bro? Yo, what up, man? I just got, I saw you was online. Man, I said, yeah, let me see you with the help. We're talking about, man. I'm the baller life, man. Oh, man. You know, it's a hard life. But somebody got to do it. Yeah, right. You know what? Yeah, I'm going to boy time over there. You know, it's so we've been racing. I jumped in the yacht and he just bought a lamb over there. And we was racing this year. Got their first in he won. But I wouldn't want to look max or just want to take on my shirt. No, you good bro. You see the Brazilian. I'm like, what you're doing? No, I just wanted to show love, man. Like, I love what you're doing. You're doing your thing, man. And I'm just, I'm just, I know, fifth for man long. And I'm just happy to see that the shit is like really blowing up. And you pop in, man. So I'm just, I just want to say what up, man. Hey, hey, Brandon was my first mentor. So everybody doesn't notice. This is this is this is the dude that helped me establish the business. Right. Help me like we can coach him from brand every week. All right. I mean, my business partner. So the big dog, the boss, appreciate it. Come on, man. You know what this man, yo, yo. Keep doing your thing. Oh, we may. I love to see it. Appreciate you, bro. I wrote this. I wrote this. I wrote this. All your rich friends got a flex on you. Flex, no, my ass on from the boat. All right. You see the difference, life. I got to get my life together, guys. I got to get, I got to get more successful. Like, and call up. I can call y'all up from from the yacht and be like, what's up? How's it going? But anyway, next call it. It's so hot not to act like we're so young. So it looked like I lost the race. He had to be with a bridge, you might have won. I don't know. I don't know how you guys would drive. I don't know if you cared about the loss. I got, I got the captain who was following the rules. All right. Yeah. We're following the rules, man. We weren't cheating on like y'all. Yeah. You, you look like you won. Yeah. If you had barely missed, I'm brazed dude. If you had made that bridge, you would have beat us. Yeah, it was the braved end. So, Tom, we see you with this, you know, five million dollar yacht. Yeah. Buying new cars all the time. You, yeah. How many lambs you got? I got two lambs, three rolls of rice is in my clarinet for a rea range rover. Now we're on my five million dollar yacht. With the twenty million dollar yacht, with a twenty million dollar yacht, really ball. Like straight up, Tom, Tom, I think Tom is my worth just for a second. Okay. So, but in you bail on many books from sexually real estate. So, I've been doing section A for nine years now. I have 735 properties across four different states. So, the majority of that has come from section A. I did some burr at the beginning. That's when you buy a property and you flip in and rent it out. I did some non-section A when I got started. I even did some Airbnb when I got started. So, I've tried all the different real estate strategies. But section A, it's the most profitable, the most scalable and the easiest for most people to get into. You know, when you were told many about section A, that's what made me want to get a real estate. Because I hadn't bought any real estate yet until I heard about what you were doing. And the benefits of it are so much better than just regular real estate. Oh, yeah. You can get started with $2500 down like we did for your property. You can do it with no credit or bad credit. There's a lot of ways that you can get into section A creatively without having to put 20% down and have 10 to thousands of dollars. You've developed a software to help you locate. Yeah, so it's called section A Pro. This is a proprietary section A software that I built. That's going to show you all the best section A properties in the country. If you want to jump over here, I can kind of show you. This is the profitability map. This is going to show you all the counties. And exactly the average cash flow per county. How much section A pays for each bedroom count? Because that's guys, it's very important to stay on with section A. It's all about how many bedrooms were in the property. The rebadrooms pay more than two bedrooms obviously. And then four bedrooms look at that. 1537 dollars in this one county. And if we're going to go take a look. Now we've got to go and identify the property after we choose the county. So the whole goal is to buy as close to move and ready properties as possible. $97,000 in this property here makes $855 per month in net cash flow. That's after property management fees, taxes, insurance, that's all inclusive. So this is a type of unit that we really want to target. And I mean, there's tons of them out there. If we look back down here, we will root for it. What does somebody doesn't have $9700 but they wouldn't get involved? Yeah, so in that case, what we do is compare the filters. And we would do seller financing. The seller financing is going to allow you to show you all the properties in the country. That the homeowner is willing to finance it for you. Meaning that you don't use a bank. You're going to take the $2500 or $3,000. Give it to the homeowner and then you make monthly payments to them. And that's the end goal. Because then you avoid banks, you avoid appraisals, you avoid tax returns. Income verification, all the usual hoops at the baby make credit checks. You don't need any of that. You can buy directly from the homeowner. And that's how Brandon bought his first few. I did $2500. $2500 for his first one. So that's exactly what you want to do. My software shows you all that. Let me show you one of the things that's really important. With being able to choose properties, a lot of people are worried about tenants destroying your unit. The only way that happens is if you choose shitty tenants. If you have low quality tenants, what's going to happen is they're not going to treat the property right. They're going to get evicted. It's going to cause even more headache for you. And then you're right. Sectionate is awful if you do not screen your tenants. But we use a software to say, hey, look, this address is one that we want to buy. Right now, low murder, low rape, low robbery. Berglies is a little bit high. Not a big deal. Like I always tell Brandon, make sure your tenants know how to fight. And then you're going to be good on the burglar side. You know, like, but outside of that, you're going to be good. Make sure you don't rent the Android users. And then you're going to discuss that a great length. That we find that Android users get evicted at a much higher percentage compared to iPhone users. It's the real standard number. So I mean, I've been doing this for nine years. We have a ton of empirical data. Android users have lower income, lower credit scores. And as a whole, for the most part, are just not as good as tenants. So we just don't rent it at that metal. So we're actually doing a free training. We're going to show you guys exactly how to get started the game plan from start to finish. We'll tell you more about the software. We'll tell you more about everything in this free menu. He told me more about that training. Yeah, so I'm basically going to walk you the same training that I did with Brandon when he came over to my house. I'm going to show you step-by-step which house is to buy. I'm going to show you how to identify low-crime rate areas. How to buy with seller financing. And a lot of you guys live in really expensive areas. Like, we live in Miami. We don't buy properties in Miami. So being able to set up remote property management is key. We're going to show you that on the free training as well. If you click the link in this video, the description of this video. You'll be able to join spots are limited because we are going to be doing a live question and answer. And I'm giving away money on there so we can't max out a 10-inch in there. I'm giving away money. I'm giving away money. Guys, we're both going to be on the webinar. We're both going to be answering questions that you guys have about anything I should do with Section 8 and the best part to get started. So we look forward to helping you crush it in 2025 and building real assets with guaranteed rental income everything I'm on. Click that link below. Click the link below. Don't not miss out. If you're going to be a rock, I was messed up and no he wrote. Breakfast in the morning, every city, all in the need for a walk. That boy, he going in, I call that a go to get leetho. Watch out, I'm showing that from there. Keep down the heat, Robert.

=== FILE: DUMP Her ASAP if she Does this ONE THING [Game God Goldie] [r53gQEKduP4].txt ===

Boy, what he said she was doing to him? She was like fucking shut up. Somehow I forgot what the problem was. Oh, she makes comments to just, that she's, I'm in touch with her. She was an ex-tool-cheater. What you think about that? What do you think about that? Let's say some chick was like, you know, she was out here acting wild to the sake of you. Do you care about the chicks past? I'm gonna say like this, right? Yeah. Generally no. Because every woman has a past and you'll never know if she has a past. Man, I know the women who used to be prostitutes can have happy marriage right now. I'm not just saying that to say you'll never know. You never know. She gonna tell you. You'll never know. So why doesn't matter? I don't care, man, if the girls get in trans-brand on her high school, man. How you acting when you come fucking with me? What are you doing for me? How do you act towards me? Do you have a solid character? Do you have integrity? Do you do what I like for you to do? Do you see me and hide his dick? Are you coming in really doing something for me? Are you making my life better? When we go out to you, have a pleasant personality? I care about what she's doing. Yeah. Your past don't really matter unless it's affecting your present. It could be a woman who had, who did, don't got nobody. She could be a virgin. Yeah. You have a shitty personality. How you should be saying, she could still mess your life up because she not the right person. So I don't really care about that. I don't think that's the right character. You know, that's interesting you say because most of the guys in some of this madness feel she, they would talk about the past, like it's like the resumes, the most important thing. I don't understand it. I don't understand a value of a virgin. I don't get it. They cover the virgin so much. What does her being a virgin have to do with anything? Yeah. Because just because she's a virgin, doesn't mean she's a good person. Don't mean she gonna come over here and do some from me. Don't mean she not gonna be texting my phone, stressing me out. I mean she's not gonna be an asset to the situation. You know, I mean you never know, but I won't tell you anything, man, if you believe that she's a virgin, man, I got a bridge to say you knew you were right now. You know what I'm saying? And that don't mean that she's gonna be like a pleasant person. You know, she might steal my money. They like to do this thing, like quote fake studies without sighting them. A woman who has less partners statistically. Man, where do he statistics at? And tell me, you think all of these women gotten to those studies and told the truth, man, come on. Man, y'all don't know women enough. You think he's all like lying? Yeah, man. But no, like for real, why does it matter? I care what she's doing, how she makes me feel because she integrate with my family, how does she treat my son? Like these things matter. I never asked the girl like, I never asked the girl about the count. I never asked it because I don't care. There's really no answer that's gonna make me be like, whoo, hey, man. Hey, man, let me tell you this, man. Virgins ain't even fun. You know how much, whoo, ah, whoo, wait, hold on, you know, come on, man. Let's take so long. Let's take this, man. Let's say, they're like, no, you don't want to say it. Yeah, man. I don't even, didn't work. Yeah, that's it. And it's like, put it in the mouthful. I mean, let me say that. But like, yo, it's like, there's no answer to it. I'm gonna be happy. And let me tell you this about a version, too, right? Y'all think, oh, I get a version. I think do subconsciously think about the sex game, like, okay, it's your version. She can compare me to know the man. So I'll be heading shoulders above everybody else. You know, you come from a place to insecurity, right? But what you don't understand is, do you really want to version? There's no way a woman who has sex for the first time. With you is not gonna get curious about other men. I'd rather her already run through a couple men than get to me. And now she got something to compare to whether, whether she's with you first, there's no way I don't care. What you think, there's no way she's not gonna be curious and wanna have sex and gonna have sex one way. And now she's not just gonna be like, all you for life. You know, like, high school sweetheart, that's cool in everything. But even if you're all together, you know she didn't creep down somewhere, you didn't creep, because you want to experience, you experience sex, there's no way you're not gonna wanna experience something else. You know, so you might as well let it get it out the way. Where she coming to league man, she got to play in TWLA. You go, maybe be a McDonald's all American high school man before she comes to the lead. You can't just play against staff. The first time you touch it, what's this a basketball, your Steph Curry, let's go. Y'all not even gonna like a version. I mean, I, of course, it's show woman. So you're gonna teach her this, you're gonna teach her that. But when she rather have a woman who already got some tricks and some moves and some things like that, man. The great push to T said, I got the city's best. Never said she was the brightest. So if you had a first, it don't affect me in the slightest. Hey, you get real pleasure. Then he said, so I dismissed her past until she disrespects your heinous man. That's okay. That's the game. It's bright to me. Bars. Bars, man. Also that goes back to, you know, the confidence we have in ourself and the self love that we have. And like, man, I'm not tripping off who she was with before me. And everyone moves with somebody else. That don't take nothing from me. You know, depending on who she was with, like these dudes care about all that. I don't want listening because I have so much requirements for the woman that I'm with. Man, I don't care what she did because please believe what she's doing for me now. I always, everything. I get it from their perspective because they've never heard this information. They've never been taught that you need to have a broad and it needs to be requirements and qualifications to deal with you. And when she's with you, she got to produce. So if a woman come to the table and she's bringing nothing to the table, oh yeah, your pass matter a lot. But when you have a woman like me and I'm making sure that she's producing, I'm making sure she's an asset to my life. Well, she's bringing so much value in comparison her past on me, nothing because we're doing a lot right. Now, same way with dudes, right? A woman cheat on a dude. They upset. Why is a dude upset when a woman cheesome? I'm gonna tell you why. Okay, I heard a little bit that she cheated on you. But it's not really that. It's the fact that the entire relationship you were given or this, you were given her that. You were taken to here. You were taken her there. You were compromised on your goals on your gym. On this and that. So it's a double women. I don't need this, you violate. But she took from me. You feel like you got robbed because you did. You're a steamy, but if you had a woman, every day she's producing, every day she's coming with some assets, every day she's doing things to help your life. So guess what? When you moved on from your life, it's still better because she was there. I think that's what she cheated on me. Okay, my stomach hurt a little bit, but guess what? The whole time she was there, I was getting a benefit out of the situation. But when your life is worse, she took, took, took, took my money. Took this, then guess what? Well, with you cheat, it's like a double smack in the face. All this compromise. You're gonna do it on your own. You win a worse position. I'm gonna be any woman for going to me. If when she leaves, I'm not in a better position than she could have never been with me from the J. It's like having a car. Hey man, we have all had cars before. And you know when you get this car, you're not gonna have it for the rest of your life. You won't get mad when it's time to give it up. No, you give it to the keys to the new owner with a smile on your face. And you have found memories of that car. That's how I have with every woman I've had. Why? Because when she was here, we had some great rides. We did some great things. And it was a benefit. These dudes have to start, listen to what I'm saying. From a woman, so she's an asses. So when she do leave, because she's gonna leave, when she do cheat, when she might do, you're not feeling as bad because she didn't rob you. I never thought about it like that. Because they do, they do so much compromise for the car and giving her all the stuff. And compromise and like their integrity, who they are. You didn't go to the gym because you was supposed to. Yeah, you gave up on something you dream. You was spending money, you wasn't supposed to. And then on top of that, you wasted those years which you could never get back, you'll feel fine. So it's just, it hurt, it's like I said, this is double slapping the face. I don't care what she do, man. She cheat on me, it is. And a lot of dudes, man, ain't feeling embarrassed. Like when a broad cheat on them, man, I don't care. Man, bra, I'm gonna do what she wanna do. You should never feel embarrassed of a bra. She don't, you can't control what somebody do. She gonna do what she do. But as long as she was here, she was producing. So at least I got that in my belt. You know what I'm saying?

=== FILE: Day In Life of a Celebrity Fitness Millionaire in Miami [Featuring Fresh&Fit] [0ckmcuZ8Pjc].txt ===

It's time. It's time. It's time. What are players? Welcome to another day in a life video. This is one that's going to be interesting. A lot of cool shit going on. You're going to come to the gym with me, going to a fresh and fit podcast. And a bunch of other cool shit do out the day. Let's get it. Winner, Jim right now, this is Jim, it's called boxer. It's one of my favorite gyms in Miami, one of the most popular ones. Cool with the owners and stuff. The thing is they don't have AC in the gym, so you can only come in the morning before just two mother fucking high. And I like to come early before only fans, host, strippers and hookers come. Because they work out here too. And I like to work out before they are because I don't need to get the distraction. I don't need that distraction. I'm going to man a god. Hi, I'm Melissa. And Brandon, how do we know each other is the question? She was one of the fresh and fit girls. She's a fresh and fit girl. Is that the stuff people know you write a fresh and fit girl? I didn't even know anything about the fresh and fit podcast until I got there. And there was a bunch of only fan girls. I am not one of those. No, that's not just my goose. No, that's all not trainer, fit in this trainer in this. She does the thing. I'm working on my glutes today. I'm working on your glue. You should do. I got beautiful black lids. Since I'm working the glue, can we just do some Bulgarian slits last later? Maybe. Yeah, what do you do for your legs? What are you doing this for? This is for my glutes. I usually do with the barbell, but I have time to add the... Why do you use this as opposed to the machine? I don't like using that. I feel it in my glutes. Okay. This is one of the best glutes exercises there is. I think it's superior to squats. Absolutely. I think so too. But if the guitar is in the glutes, because when you do a squats, you get so much of the other, like, both of your chains. More of them to the back and more quads. I feel it more in my quads. I like it. This is targeted. This is booty target. booty target. booty target. Hell man, so I'm at the middle of the army. Cory, I feel I'm just one of my most successful student. You know the vibe? Cory. Well, Lou, he's been blowing up on the internet. You know, Brad, that man. blowing up and you make four just $1,000 last year, but you're all not fit in the business. Yeah? Come on, man. We're all ready there. So far this year, so we're going to exceed it. You're like, and the year. Come on, you're the record year. You're the record year. All right. We're the record's keeping you sick of yourself. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yo, this is my fucking. He used to be living in Detroit. Yeah. Chained training like I'm assuming gangbangers, girlfriend, you know, his hip strippers, rappers, rappers. Yeah, shit. But like, cigarette burns on their body. That's who you've trained it. They say, I need to go a lot. Right. And then he dies on lots and lots of online training, making $4,500 a year. And he moved to Miami, flew up on it, and then he was a super proud team man, for sure. I said, if we're that old. Come on, this is your work. It's up. We got a niche. We got a niche. It's how you for niche. We come for that niche. We come to collect. Get it all on my own. When I brought it back. Work out. We're saying, I'm a bodywork. I keep you big as hell. And you know the vibe. I know what we did down. No, what it is. You really not be part. Yeah. I don't mean love. I don't think I'm lying. I do. We will keep that. Do you not do not go to feed in or like say you've creed them at any point? No creed is. I said you had your creed, you had your creed, you had dicked. No. You had added. I don't need that many part. You had added. You had junkies. I run a lot. Okay. That makes sense. Think everybody I find a diet that work best for them. I never get mad at people. They eat cars or I don't say cars are bad. People try to get mad at me for being a kid or like they yell at me. I'm just like, oh, he however you want to brother everybody's different. So people's diet. If they eat a peanut, you know? Like everybody's different. You're gonna be that? Yeah. I'll put some grown man way down. So they don't make fun of me. Look like I'm actually strong. I heard my mother chat and chat. I can't feel that what's good is what's good is split. My bad frees is friend. It's longer for a few stuff. I fight down than these frees. Exes, I live a good phone for it. It's something show. It's extra. You want to value me. All make a big money turn to the kid. Show. So be this is something I never had. So you know what? You know I do intermittent fast. I got some clients that asked me about keto. And I'm like, yes, cool. You can do it. But like, how long can you maintain it? I never had. I never had. How much sold do you have a day? Like how many milligrams a soldie? I don't know. I don't count it. I just had this drink. I just had more sold whenever I feel like I need. Sometimes I get, I can tell when I need more salt. I do know. I made suffer a little lightheaded. Yeah. Like I can tell when it's coming on. Yeah. That's the main reason people say they don't feel good when they're on keto because they don't get enough salt. You feel fine. Exactly. Oh, that's the same man. What's the main? Andre, that's me and your brother. Oh, very nice. Oh, thank you, Green. I'm going to do my drop-set. It's my favorite thing to do for arms. Pick away. We can only do about six. We're good for him. Yeah. And then you immediately drop it to a three plates. Right. All right. And then lower it again. And then you just drop it three times. And then you immediately espaces possible. Move it back up. All right. I never done it like that. And then you go into the... So you're fluent. Oh, oh. Go ahead. Then you do drop-set with triceps. It's a super drop-set. I ain't never done it. You ain't never done it. Okay. Sit that set huh. I'm fit this. Okay. Thought it was up and out. Thought it was up and out. Who running the game now. So don't you gas, get slow down. No. But we're all in the down. If we know we're running in the middle. Well listen, all you gotta do is you put your hands on the ground. That's step one. You do this. Okay. Good. Then you just kick it for eggs up. Right. And just hold it here. That's it. And then... That's it. And then you go down with it up. Down up. Down up. That's it. This is it. It's so... Oh man. I'm so glad you're explaining it. You're crazy. It makes so much sense now. Now, you know why did I pick up with that less than the air? And you go with it down. And then you go with it down. And then you go with it down. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. What? Do you like... Wait your food every single day? Every single day? Yeah. What do you think I'm a bit? Damn. That's it. That's it. It's regular shit over here. What do you do? Yeah. What do you just put in? You're an email. You don't care? So you just look at it and you just say... My my run keeping my thoughts when I didn't have it. Sleeping on the floor. Wishing there was a mattress. Now I'm a Hollywood actress and actress. Everybody pulls you ladies' trays and fests. We deal with fairies. If you want, you got called me 61. Oh, no. No, no. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. No, my friend. Perfect. Guys, first time here? No big. Eggs over easy. Over medium. Eggs. Eight over. Eight. Yeah, eight eggs. Okay. And um... Eight pieces of bacon. That's it. How? Yeah. That's how talking about these eggs for a gannys. Of course. Oh. So, all right. So I'm over here eating for Cory. You know what I'm saying? I get... I'm over here. I say, it's a bacon. You know what I mean? Like a man. But Cory, eating more like... This is some of my... So you love it. Some of my son-in-law order. But I'm like, well, I'm so you guys are out of eat waffles and not get big and say it. It's nice too. I'm sorry. I've never seen anyone with her food out of restaurant. Oh, really? We do it on time. So, at six ounces, go some bacon on that bit. Go some bacon on that bit. I weigh all my food every day. How is this so lean? As I say, Rick, man, I'm 42, man. Oh, school. You can't... you can't accidentally look like this. This is the 5.2 ounces of bacon. Then you open up my fitness pal right there, Ben. Cooked bacon per ounce. You hit the 5.2 on that bitch. Then you hit. Okay. That would be good money. Yeah. Cory. How much are you... Now, from your own, I think this business, how much do you think you're gonna make this eat? So, right now, with October, we're at a low over 400k. For a year. So, we're on a pace that definitely do 500. It's not more, you know, just... Man, it's hard in there. Because you can do like 6k, 6k to a month. So, per month, I ever somewhere between 45 to 50. Okay. A high month is like 55. So, I really gotta have to go really hard to get to that again. But we're definitely gonna hit at least for our hug. All right, cool, man. And... like, you've been to one of my students for how long? So, I joined ACT Summer 2019. Yeah, what was your life like before? How much money were you reading before you joined? Ages. Man, I was lucky to make like 3k in a month. You know? Now, all in person, you weren't doing nothing so long. In person, training, you know, hustling, man. In person, training. I had four jobs. I don't think I told you this on our fall. I was in person training. I worked part time at a fitness studio. I drove car parks. Right? Back and forth. I died for one of my friends' companies. It is. Exactly. Shout out to... Yeah, it's good, man. It's good. You know? And then I started ACT and that became my fourth thing. All line coaches, right? Four things at the time. And I was really at that point where I knew I wanted to do one thing and do it well. So I can get to freedom. How long did it take you to start making it a money? We were able to quit where you quit those other jobs. So I'm going to be honest with you, man. So I joined ACT that summer. And I was, I was bullshit. All right? I spent a few months like making a little bit of money. But I didn't really put all my focus and energy into it until COVID hit in 2020. So it took about six months of me like really just failing and then getting forced. So actually, for all my time and energy into all my coaching because of the gym's clothes. And then at that point, you know, I have my first five K-month and then 7K. Let's say, first five K, it is a K that's a K and I haven't made under that sense. So, I'm going to be after I made that first K. Listen, what would you say to somebody who was thinking about joining this... You know, do you like money? Yeah, do you like money? Do you like having time? Do you like having freedom? Do you enjoy being somebody who can contribute more to the people around you from a financial perspective? From a ways of perspective, from a handshake perspective. Like my life's totally different now. Obviously, I moved away from Detroit. I don't know here. You guys moved out of Detroit. Thank goodness, man. My mother, my Detroit. So I used to live in Miami right? And I'm able to do more things, not only for myself, but for my family. You know, I'm going to call my mom a car, call myself a new car, and I'll pay some of my mom's bills. Next, we're going to get her down here, but I got to get that first new. That first new, I got to get that new, get her down here. We didn't make sure that happens, they got to do it. Awesome, it's a must. This is y'all want to learn more about online training. Got a free ebook called The Tank Commandments of Online Training. It'll really give you the game how to get this started. And uh, see if this is something that's right for you with. It's not something that's right for me, but take out the ebook and see if it's something you want to be apart. Alright, alright, so I have to come back and change. Because I'm doing this podcast with the homie, Mr. Organic. Yeah, so we got to have a head to his podcast studio, should be cool. See what's the soon talking up. You know, it's a good. If I was starting a podcast, I would get me on it all the time, because I'm like everyone's best guest. That's why I'm always on my podcast. So I don't have a card. I just got my driver's license a few months ago. Uh, I'm gonna get a card soon, but I just got used to taking eubers because I hope it's in New York. That would take eubers all the time. Because it was one, I don't, I can do other stuff on the Uber. So I've worked. I've taken sales calls. I've closed deals in the Uber. Rather, people are looking for a parking. You're doing all the other shit, man. I'm not here again. You're not here again. I'm not here. Right, but I'm gonna get a card this year. Fresh ones me to buy his colony. So maybe he'd be cool to buy from the homie. Um, some wrong with it. I could just be this ass. You know. So fellow superhero fight. Financial guru just a mastermind. Physically mentally monetarily he's one of the ones. I know you're seeing him everywhere. You know, it goes by King Keto aka Brandon Carter. I'm doing fantastic, man. Thank you for having me. I'm working man. I appreciate you. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. I'm doing fantastic. Um, a attractive right, but you know, When I talk to her, mixed, you talk about all these problems, She got her life is chaotic. Right. And that's indicative of like what's going on. You know, you know, we're living the results. Everything we're experiencing now is the results of decisions. all of our past actions, right? So when somebody comes to you and they're life is chaotic, that's the result of a lot of mistakes. And you know, you bring it, you know, like, just as one chick, I was a mess of weight, right? And when I was in New York, and she lived in, she lived in the Bronx, Red Flag, right? He was a rich, she was bad, right? But she, the Dominican, yeah, you know, I were a little bit of a call me up. They call me, you know, I'm saying poppy, nay girl, pop that, yeah, yeah, scared me, another woman that Dominican man. Yeah, I was in Kelo, Kamey, and that, you know? And so, yeah, she was, it's, but her, her fucking life was just fucking chaos, right? And she had all these problems. She would have like panic attacks. And then one day I remember, man, I was just thinking about something, I started tripping, and I had a panic attack. First on the mind, like, you know what's happening to me? Like, oh shit. I was going to transfer to the planet. Yeah, yeah, no, but that's what. Real, think about when you're, when you're home, you get some new car. Yeah, it was our scene in new car everywhere. Right? Well, what happens when your home gets some new problems? You get problems too. Yeah, I'm saying, like you weren't an X man. You didn't attract that shit. What happened is it was their the whole time, right? What happens is, this is part of your brain called the particular activations system. It decides what you'll notice, right? Because there's so many stimulus going on. So many visual, all the, all the, all the bowl, and, you know, stimulus going on, we can't focus on everything, right? So, when something, that part of your brain is located, basically, it brain system. It activates on things that are brought to your attention. Then you'll see more of them. That's why you seem to car all the time. Right. But if this chick is bringing all these problems, all these issues, all this drama and you're like, if you're going to see more drama in your life too, right? You get them saying, it's like, all that is always happening. It's always like, you're a regular social media. It's a drama. It happens to be like, that's a great example. Right. If you, if you go online and you watch and you like and comment on a bunch of political issues, you go see all political issues. Correct. You know, it's your brain is like, it's just like that. I think those guys did study that. Yeah. If you look at it for a certain amount of time, all that stuff, start paying repetitive, the negative stuff, positive cause you can't be a negative, you're like negative. Well, this is a much online. That's your, that's my time. I look totally different. I saw my time, I'm going to be all, all watches, all like fans of you. And when you want to see how a person thinks and live, we're all looking to ask their Instagram and ask, look at their, explore. Yeah. No, they got in the drill, I'm saying. I'm feeling like we've got a good pump of pop. I know, pop the guy on the beach. You know, you know, you're married, man. But yeah, I mean, I've been trying that to go during the, during peak hours. I'll be peak hours. Just did the podcast with the homie, Mr. Organic, you know, this is you come to do, man. You know, legendary big superheroes in here, man. My pleasure. My pleasure for some. All right, so after working all day, I'm about to go on fresh and fit. First I'm going to meet up with my boy Jeremy and his crib. We're going to meet over there and then we're going to drive over there. He's got to do Rose Royce. Let's check it out. Oh, by the way, this is the fit today. Check out the fit. Come on, man. Got the soon on RM 29. Want to be in a vlog? What up? You went in now. It's too late. You went in the vlog. She sailed diamonds. More diamonds out. Pulling diamonds out the berk in. Yeah, they are all in my thin. I'm not all. Yeah, this is the Elimbo. Those with your bracelet that you're running at last. What's the thing is she had too many diamonds already? Because she can't have as many as me. We got to have a hierarchy up in this no fucking room. Hey, John. Got his man. She, he's feeling he's filming a vlog too. So we double, we double vlog in on these no fucking vlog. Be stop. First he had to stop. Walkmen of the market. Yo. So how does work? You can just pick shit up. And then just leave. Apparently he's going to tremendous amount of shoplifting because that's what some people think. Oh, but now you got a body. See what they can see. Dude, yo, you walk. But then when he's got to read it up right there. Okay. And then it goes to your unit. You know? We're dead now. So I'm leaning and not wishing well. We're still well. We live this journey. It's the war. The battle. Ryan has styled this little bedded. Heaver. He had what Jeremy's on now. He's filming his video. So we double vlogging, vloggy stuff. But Jeremy's fucking right apart. They really was streaked like I don't get a little buff. Check him out. Jeremy and Bannock Carter. Yo, what up, man. I'm gonna have you to be out. Because last week, it's gonna be like that. Yeah, back to back. It is. It is. It is. It is. It's time because I had not known that you hadn't been here on like over a year. I was like, what the hell is that? I thought that I was banned. Because I said it was okay for women to have jobs. And I thought that job being me for that man. I was like, my fault. I was going to put a hold of work. I thought, but you know, but I'm glad that wasn't the case. No, man. I have to go back. And you brought the cavalry with you. Big dog. Yeah, yeah. Jeremy, what's up, man? Welcome back to the show. We had you on before. It's good to have you back. Almost two years now. Maybe you're in a half. I got no idea, man. It's good to be back though. Thanks for having me back real quick. We mentioned early before the show. Making money every month. Yeah. Online is the way to go. You said 10K and a mill. Let's start with 10K. Okay. So my focus is I hope people get the 10K much, especially with folks on their own life fitness business. That's the only, that's the only kind of business I work at. That I till advertised work. I've helped a lot of different people in a lot of different industries get to 10K, a lot of them up to a million dollars a year. Or I think my number one student she did. She broke the record last year. She was usually made 2 million last year. You know, but with fitness business. So I would say very, very first thing you got to do to get the 10K is you got to really carve out your niche. You can understand. Yeah. Because if you initially, you have to apply all the spoons guys. He's telling you whether you have fitness business or not. Yeah. For sure. You know, all disciplines. It's, you know, if you don't carve out your niche, who is actually want to help? Like your target market and what problem, what specific problem you want to soften them, then you're just a business coach or a business guy or whatever business you have for, I use the fitness example because that makes more sense for me. You know, these people, they want to make money as trainers, but they're just fitness guys or fitness girls. How you stand out amongst them, I'll fuck this, right? But what I tell them to do is focus on the who, the what in the house and the who. Be like who exactly do you want to help? Right. Really, really narrow down. In fitness, we can narrow down a little better, right? Because remember when you were in my program, you said you want to they'll young men, pause. You focus on young men. Right. And young men, you want to help and get ripped. Right. Why do young men want to get ripped to get? The get chicks, right? Make perfect sense. You know, so he only focused on them, right? He wasn't worried about nothing else. And a lot of trainers, trainers, they struggle with that because if you've been working in a gym, you just take whoever did gym, give you a training, anybody. And that's cool. You know how to train everyone, but you can't market everyone. You got to really appeal. And I think you got to do great job, but it's like if you just had a podcast, it wouldn't have penetrated the market, right? But because, okay, you're only going to, you narrow down a this podcast is for men, right? For men who want to get girls who want to come up, you know, you figure out what problem you want to solve for a specific kind of man. Because it's probably not 50 year old motherfuckers. I'm probably going to owe this motherfucker watching this shit. I'm 42. Right? So it's like younger guys, you're demo, right? Yeah, 18 to 40. All right. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's get demo and you know what they want. You have to start a problem. Now for how you were able to penetrate the market. So you really got to figure out who you want to target. And then is that then the next part is what problem do you want to solve for them? And the fitness context is like, okay, do you want to focus on helping young guys get rid, you want to help them get rid, right? That's what you were doing when you were in the program. Yeah, yeah, so you were the evidence based lens. Right. Who studies a show like the just study? Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. So you didn't give a, you weren't trying to help people become pro bodybuilders. No. You weren't trying to help with old be some motherfuckers. You weren't trying to help with motherfuckers. You want to be pro athletes. It was like you just wanted to get rid. Yep. Right. So you can just ignore everyone else. Right. And then you had a specific how. Right. So it's the who, the what? You saw them in that problem form. Then the how. Your how was evidence-based. You were super deep on the studies. Yeah. Now you can stand out amongst all the other trainers. But this less, this less competition. He, he focuses on men, Paul's helping them get ripped with evidence based science. She went deep on the why, too. It was like to get girls. Yeah. They get girls, right? Some guys want to get ripped for fucking hell. Cool. But you got a market set. I'm different. You said guys who want to get ripped before girls. Yeah. So that was a whole different. Now you stand out because you can, you can, you were, you can post pictures of girls, you can post pictures with you. You can talk about in your copy that you write about how you get the hose. I'm sorry. Bitches. Because of. Because you're ripped, right? And the guy who wants that guy who has that problem, that need. When he hears you talk about it, it's like, oh, this is exactly what I went. But if he hears another thing, it's guy who'll be right when you long Japanese shit. You'll maybe talk about the same shit. But because you didn't sell it to them. Right? The other guy didn't sell it to them the way he wanted. But somebody else who wanted that way. Yeah. So you can, you got a really, is really dig deep into the message in with your niche, your target market. I don't want to talk. I'm pressed to kill him. I'm really, you was soft. Oh, you know what's capital homey? You don't know the law. Pedal to the metal you ain't catching me. And got down with fresh and fit with the homie Jeremy. Super dope. You know what? My favorite thing is about going on fresh and fit. You just seen out far, and brother's king. If everyone went up first and met my rent in like 2019, he was still working for the government. He had a regular job. He said he wanted to start his own office business. He had to get clearance from the government and then we see guy clearance. He started doing it. And he had no follow in at the time. He had a lot of experience training people. He just knew that it would work out. And I don't even need to be certified at the time. Right? But what happened was, you know, you had a patch for fitness. He always loved it. He was in Twitter. He started his own life in this business. Then he started making his money, wreaking, quit. Workin' for the government. And he wanted to quit anyway. He had so much money. So much freeing him now. He can actually do it. His passion was to start that podcast and he met a fresh, put all the money up for the shit. And now look at him. And they got one of the biggest platforms in the world right now. I'm just controversial because I wanted to be his platform in the world. But it's all because he started his own life in his business. Before he started the podcast, he was making 20 years. But between 24K and month, I would be like, well, it would really small, follow me. Really small. He just got a regular guy. He learned our tactics and they learned how to do it and got a pop and then he got the freedom, the really follows passion. I got a free ebook that showed you how to start your own life in this business. So it, it, it, it, it puts you on a right path. It's not all the game, but it puts you on a right path. You can learn more about it, how it really works. And you might read inside his life. But you might read it, you're like, okay, this is, this sounds like a Bible or a book. I'm like a Bible, I'm watching for me. But it's free. Links in description. I'm about to go to sleep. Because it's still that he ate up early tomorrow. Alright. I'm just trying to claim me, I guess I think I'm Sony, these big heads, dummy showing up and either they carry things home, you need a price because without it, the squatting, here we get top of that wing and the fan we get, this swinging foot of fences with the sting of a left foot that connects with Sony, listening. I'm dismissing any and all of the disrespect nonetheless. And I need to write, I'm just letting y'all know who's not going to want to talk. Thank you.

=== FILE: Day in Life of Miami Multi-Millionaire [Brandon Carter] [Hh-H0uLfXz8].txt ===

Yo, goodnight, goodnight. Welcome to another day in the live video. This was a little different. Now, what you're accustomed to, because it's starting in Chicago. I'm in Chicago now. I was kicking in with the homie. There had money barred, but we're working on a secret project. And I'm on the way to the plain station right now to Miami, but there it had his driver driving the airport early, first thing in the morning in the May back, we're just calling to stay. Let's stay with us. We'll massage, we'll charge my phone. I get all this leg room. It's amazing. Good way to start today in the live video. Let's get it. I'm really on the move on the map. Never slip, keep your hands to your lips. Don't talk about it. Real eyes, real eyes, real eyes, Real eyes, all the time standing on it. Now, my... All right, so me and Shorty are about to go to my boy Eric's boat. We're doing a little boat party. It should be cool. It should be fine. We're going through the networking. So I'll be talking about some business in half, a little fun. I'll suffice it for the calling me cocky. You're boogin' little bit, son. You said, boogin', boogin', boogin'. Don't get to cry until home stand out. We'll be in the news soon. We're down on your fan. We're the intro fan. We're just so mad. We're just tankin'. But when you get to play now, it's you and I, we're doing a great sport. It's cool. It feels like it came faster than it should have. I was buddy here shooting out a pace when that's a full of drop in buckets. I'm a buddy, babe. Yeah, like it's nothing. I can not be. I'm a buddy, babe. I'm a buddy, babe. I'm a buddy, babe. It's falling down under doggy's finally overcoming cause I'm cause I'm dropping buckets. Yeah, like it's nothing. I can't run the day. I'm out of spec and burn the budget. Yeah, it's falling down under doggy's finally overcoming, baby. I'm about to go meet up with my homie, Jeremy, and just the wall that we about to have dinner. When we first see you now, babe, we're on a level up, right up in the nebula, I'm never copping the chain cause I see ya all through the frames. I leave the unlimited page to see it and I can't be like, that's why I didn't get fucked by resellers this time. I actually like Sean article this said, they came out with this. So I went online. I bought it on the day that actually dropped it. And here we are in November, not getting fucked or fished by resellers anymore. Come on, look at the Christmas tree. I didn't build that myself by the way. I paid people to do that. You had like, you're on trees out here. People fucking build and they own trees. You know, I'm out of fat. You hold this. I got other place. I got the same lady coming to build another tree. And another tree, draw on trees. Come on man. Roboy shit. Beauty old trees. Yeah, man. Put an ornament in your pocket. You ain't a kid no more. You ain't a kid. Yeah, that's a fucking ramping your hips dude. Like your baby was your dad. See it, don't you do an animal? You probably bought a pumpkin badge. Do you want? I got the season tickets over here. Yeah, tickets for the night's game. Oh, I can get tickets? Yeah, yep. You know that, bring the girl. I got to see if you get to. You know, I'm weighted man, let's go. Your night is booked. That's what's up. I'm saying. We don't wish upon the stars. We sit on the stars. Well. Uh, we got her my birthday, right back to our wh. There's ma'am, I was going home right there. We stay high, gentlemen. I'm going to the booth. Are you something? Yeah. Oyster's look like giant boogers. Yeah. Something real, something going. The accident will know I'm sure. You're not need to show you the door, but what's that? Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's a run to Jvo, I'm all lying lying, nothing in the car. I'm buying Jvo for my dude, but I'm eating. Tire, Brendan. You get down, magic, food, this. I'm coming. We're going to buy Brendan and grill. Then, me and Jeremy are going to invite ourselves over to your house. Yeah. That's a cookout. No. This guy never fucking grilled before. Do it in the comments. Have you never grilled? Like we got a no, you know? I was just, I've only lived in apartments. They had y'all ever secretly grilled? Yeah. I never had a balcony. Where do you believe we are? We're inside. There's just be clear on one thing. Hey, none of us broke through shopping to get the gyo. No, no, no. No, no. But you know what I don't have? We don't, yeah. I don't have a whole fucking rug. Touch the, touch the, you get the rug. Man, you got to stir up. Yeah, so much those are. It's still like a real bear. Five G's, real five G's, for the lamb, for the lamb, it's almost disrespectful way, shoes in the car. But I still do, you know, it's all the way. Damn, bro. They got the whole car, oh, pop up with the best. I'm a fucing, I lamb. Oh, you're, oh, you're fucing car floor. Check it out, it's nice. Doesn't matter. We got the braille. You have used animals at the highest level. Send it to the dinner table. And they put this shit down. I screwed it. It looks like watermelon. And my redneck ass. I'm like, oh, they figured out a new recipe for watermelon. Kind of like the dead brussel sprouts, right? Oh, my cool, they figured it out. Let me try this watermelon. Straight, straight radish. Is the kimchi radish? Oh, super spicy. A bit of that shit. Not watermelon. Yeah. And he tried to, he tried to not say anything. Yeah, I know. Bro. Like, who was that shit? Let it even know. So that's all the later. I'm like, man, I've tried that shit. I thought this watermelon was not, but the watermelon was great ratch. It's just a shit. The eight five you just have. They make a version of that. That only eats olives. It's. And they get it drunk every day. So they give it alcohol and olives. And they suspended in the air. And they just massage it all day. Well, they eat olives and alcohol. It's not going to get you. They can be a certificate. Like, olive colors should typically get. That's like, congratulations, sir. Like, you're like, blessed with this specific cut of beef. Like, here's the whole backstory on it. And it fucking hits so hard. It's like, I've been done to start. Like, you're talking about what you've handled. I mean, your cows eating the grass. It's actually animals out there dedicated to only insert food. So they taste a particular way when you get them. You heard of a barricade pork? No, please. Proceed. Okay. I should be civic peninsula in Zer animal hatred. I should be civic. I should be civic peninsula in Spain, where the only eat acorns. Their whole life. No messages or anything. Okay. But they're isolated to do a specific peninsula. Get the Rome free, but only eat these large, like, peach, shaped, and size acorns. Okay. You're peeing, slap, and it fucking hates. You're rolling around and putting dirt in shit. You know, ars known free on a spain on an un- Un-spin-spin-spin-ninsa-lo. You know, you don't have a sifs as many times as that. Step your game up. Pro-boy certificate. We could have, man, like, I love animals, man. Thanks for joining the vlog. See you in hell. Got out of the video. I love animals, special little hustles. Got a little. Flexed on me, friend. Friend, that's awesome. I saw me as short as we got the gold today. Heat, Yang. Jeremy, boss, he's in tickets. But he don't let her go. Right? This means I got season tickets. And I ain't need to have to pay for him, man. Just have to be a good friend. And now I got season tickets. Yo, listen, please. I'm going to be a good friend. And now I got season tickets. Yo, listen, protect this out. And what she ain't know, like I saw what she was wearing. Yo, take the jacket off so we can show him. Hey, this seems wearing this. Boom. So I, I sense the girl, to be on match. You see, you ain't even know who I was going to do that. Because I'm romantic. Swish my watch. To match the fit I put on the cardier. Right? So it's like I called for this joint. So I said, all right. Cardi A bracelet, the one with the diamond, you know. It's a lot of cool stuff happened. Listen, man, if you're trying to build your own life business, I got a free book called to tank a man who's the one I'm training. It'll show you how to do it. I mean, I'm not going to give you the whole thing, but it'll give you like the break down. You know, answer some questions for you that you may have about how to become all not trainer, right? It'll show you how to start moving into that direction. Even if you don't have a big father, when you need to be identified. Because you don't have to be certified to be all non-trainer. Just because you are certified doesn't mean you're a good trainer. I've worked in some of the best gyms in the nation, and I've seen some of the book is with certifications and degrees who are shitty fucking trainers, bro. You know, need to be certified. You don't have to have a big father when if you follow the strategies that we show you. And you know, I post a resource on my students all the time. But then you might read the book and be like, yeah, this is not for me. Right? Because the note information too is a quick book. And it just is put you on the right pad. It was cool about the book is this interactive. So first, the tank of magnets, right? This tank of magnets to become all my training. And then after I teach the lesson, I show the example one of my students who use that method to make some money. And then you can click in this, like an interview with me and the student, right? So it's like 10 different interviews, 10 different students, 10 different commandments. It's a little cool thing about e-books. Can't do it as well with physical books, right? So it's interactive. So check it out. It's free download it. Because you might be like, no, I don't want to be on my trainer. I don't want to do this. I can go ahead and do work. I don't know. I know this is going to take hard work to start up business, right? So that's cool. You get that information. It was like, oh, man, maybe you can find a get rich quick scheme. You can see how hard I've been working for the last. What? 12 15 years here on the internet. You see how hard I've been working for me to get to where I'm at, right? So if you think it's a good rich quick scheme, Scobble look it back in my shit, you know? It takes hard work. But if you love it, it's okay. You don't mind it. And maybe you will, when you want, but you should check it out. All right, links in the description. I can teach.

=== FILE: Day in the Life of an INSANELY RICH Man!  [eroJ6MOuWt0].txt ===

Alright, so today's gonna be inches of the day. I am headed to Chicago, my hometown To kick it. One of my best friends the home Derek money bar Alright, so I just got off the airplane, you know, a money bar sent. He's driving the me back to pick me up from the plane station. We got to go to his crib. Alright, so we're in Money Burt's private gym and it's been fantastic. All of the equipment is better than most commercial gym you'll see. Body builder slash entrepreneur slash super hero. Mr. Ram Carth. You were here to be like heavyweight champion, little bit to share. We got the most stack outs and you have to see like heavyweight history. It was not a good move. It's a good move. Yeah, it's a good move. Yeah, it's a good move. I don't even know. I know the subation. I all the record. Most of the niche in the new UFC, I'm here to see Leo Rovachita. He came through his. He heard. We're gonna have good work out. He might be part of it. Leo to also look at UFC like every weight champion, super hero. Good father, good man. He's a husband. Yeah. I forgot my workout closed with dairy. It's kind of a limb borrow. I shirt with his face. He just has all the about 100 leagues laying around. He's a very modest man. Shout out to my girl for forgetting the pen ball. Work your close. We've been a long time and even, you know, I was not always bad. But even when I was very fat, you know, I never, but not wasting his time asking them some shit that I'm not going to do, you know. Later on, after it makes some results and make some progress, if you're okay, Brandon, what do you think about this? What do you think about that? You know, for a diet or a workout or things that he knows more than me, but that topic. If I asked him something, I'm gonna do it. I don't like it. I gave him some really annoyed with somebody that they come ask me a question. And I said, and I, you take the time to really, you know, like share with them and like, from your heart and your time. And so I, hey, we need to do is this, this, this, this, this, this, this, then you see them a few months later and they haven't done a fucking tail. You know, if when somebody does that, I'd like to really hurt the relationship. But, you know, kind of like that. So I never do that to somebody. If somebody, you know, I've never asked you about fighting. How does that's going to do the thing? You know, I've never asked for your opinion. I think it's very disrespectful. Somebody spends their time in that. They don't make progress. I, I never do that, sure. They have them later. I asked a few things about the January few fitness things and, and these little progressives. Then I, I knew you, I knew you serious me said a few. When this was getting put together, you know. Yeah. Then my daughter, second June, I said, well, you know, they'll act to sit here. Follow these dark clothes on the top to combat. You, Berk combat. I got to meet that in the room. But I might spark that wildfire. Rubble, run, I preach. Fun house ag, yeah. King of the Palace. I probably now come but up isn't an air to the classroom. Yeah. Hands up, hands up in the air. They got me down. I keep it on, they're crunching and I'm about to bite him out. Fun house ag. Yeah. This is actually for such a skill. It's real for such a skill. Okay. Inside. I know Vesashi, so Konaseo, So when I see it, this is the craziest one. Then you're the most reasonable column on our best. And now only few tip. See? There's a big force. Take color. You just got a big color. It's almost like a bomber. I think it's like that. When you move your arms about with this, you can go, yeah, it's for some curls for this. Now there's my duty to build. So that's the new blue belt. I'm very happy. I'll be able to go over to share our assigned this. And these belts, so there's a big level of bill. I don't know, they skipped a few belts there. There's a place like the belt right in the middle where I can't wait to black belt. It's good to do because you, because you experience in, I've been training in MMA for like, you know, three years, solid, solid. I have the best coaching, indeed, in the world, literally in the best. And, you know, these are my duty to build. So, you know, do belt, you do it's like a starter belt. And this is the athletic black belt. So that's like your first, you know, promotion, sink in promotion at third or more. I want to meet Black belt here. This is a good one. This is, you know, the reason that one's big. I suppose is, unless we're $10 million and revenue, we're over here, we got, you know, million dollars in sales, million dollars in sales, $10 million, $25 million. I got my $15 million, come on, there's a slow way, my 50 million. Oh, with the 50, this low, with my 50 million. I had 50 million for a minute. And now I need to fill them that black for me. I got this one. I hadn't seen this one in person. I used to, you know, it's good. You know, if I'm there for 50, then we need 75, but 100 million, that's so, that's a fact. Same way, I need a couple black belts over there. I mean, that $100 million, that's a lot of winning going on over here. There's a lot of winning. Yeah, there's a lot of winning. It was not accidental. That is, it is deliberate. Some deliberate many. Libric winning tends to be higher level of winning than next digital winning. When it has that work. This is the private gym earlier. We've got to go to here. Other private. Yeah, the other private. They're my major. I'm very weightless. But this is the year. We call this like a, I think it was just a studio. We fell on the earth for my business. So we're not. You got a few different sections. Can you just explain what it looks like? Hi. And what is it? By desk, we'll be here sometimes. Sometimes I do, you know, I'm mentally a call from over here. But I'm not myself. I'm seldom by myself. I got the boss desk here. I bought this desk when I was like 20 or 21. So the desk bandwidth moving a little at a little patience. I'm going around here. I've these are my three courses. I'm very proud of these courses. And money, very mentoring. And it was the first one is about entrepreneurship. I made the Barca's mastery course. I made the real estate riches course. And you know, both of us been entrepreneurs in long time. I made ten million dollars. And I'm new for the University. And the gaming capital that can make ten more millions of dollars. And I'm also posting markets. And also most of the stock market. That's about global markets. So if you have many, many of you for every year's investment. And the idea I see on the internet, you see some of the kids. It's like 19 or 22. You're going to teach you the secrets of some bullshit or you got to figure it out. Yeah, you figured it out. Those universities, you're called the graduate. Which we didn't figure it out. But this dummy has area out. So when I see that, I always laugh about that. Like in real life, you know, I made ten millions of dollars there. I made over ten million dollars. Here, how big ten's of millions of dollars over there. Pretty soon, I started turning in dirty nice trunk of money. So actually did those things real life. Some other people pretend they did. And then I help a few people. We do in a free train in on December 2nd. Or it's free. Well, you know, like these were, I hate the word for free. We can say the word free. Yeah. But let me, I'd rather say there's no charm. Enough of saw. Just free is no darts. Yeah. Free is for food. So if no charge is complimentary. Yeah. Compliment with our compliments. Right. So they got to ready. You've ready to click the link in the bio register. We're going to do a free train. And we'll just talk about the synchamms as well. There's a well. There's a course. I'm very proud of us. The introductory start, or a course. This is for people that are very serious and dedicated. If you're interested in just learning some introductory things, you might be thinking, Hey, I tried poverty. And I don't know if I want to do a stasis area to be truly successful. But let me get a little taste of that success and have some more ran in and some more awards and cash flow and whatnot in my life. So if you'd like to make some more money, be a bigger winner in life. You can want to know about the 10 commandments well. But is an introductory thing to help you get started. And from introductory to intermediate level, help you make some serious decisions. So start getting some serious money in your coffers that you might be interested in something like this. We're going to do that again. It brand us it on December 2nd Monday, December 2nd. Yes, Cyber Monday. Cyber Monday, December 2nd. What did you say? 7 p.m. and 7 p.m. and ESA. It's 4 p.m. and we're all saying to this, how long time it is in London. I got a lot of things in London. If you're very figured out, you know, all that is going in the London. All the good stuff had it isn't a point. Just to change in their clock to come here. Over here I got this little big ass media array that things like 70 pounds. It's a real media array that's meaning a real spate or a rock from space. That's what's up. It was about 70 pounds. And now we got some fighter gloves in here. So, ESA signed by, this is from Valentina, Chef Shanko. She gave these to me, signed them. There's other ones here from Claudia. Claudia, go they how gate to these. I'm signed by the Holy South of Claudia. He says, shoot to, choose to conquer. Choose to conquer right now there. Here's a from Cody Garbrand. This is the fates before his championship. These are from Cody Garbrand. He was in the UFC champion as well. This is from Michelle Waterson and a thoughtful little note that she signed. She said she broke her hand in this glove. She's a bunch of the girl in the head. She broke her hand while she was wearing that. Her mother has the other glove. So, mother has one in the heavy. My brother, I'm mixing. He makes lots of who some Chris Dale back to 90's. Oh, me. To the 86 who had some celebrations. Well, yeah, I'm over here with God. We got this big ass, recently bearer. That's VT. So, we work out well for him. But we used to got a good home and it was after life here. Ping and out with a vital work to MP and successful business. We've come visit my buddy too. Even at the fours now. He's isn't a hero. He's a vush on. While I'm out of control, he's doing a very low-contact route. He's a good server. God, he's not. This should light up. All the shit lights. You know what I said? You should do it this? You should don't light up. You just light them behind you. Everything lights up. The walls light up. Yeah. I never even thought about. I work all the year walls like that. I like the amethysts with my walls like that. I like the amethysts. But the counter trash we do is this worksite. Uh. Ah, the auto macheezers. The lower and the auto or some of my most important coaches. I'm a fantastic group of co-workers. But these are general men that gave my striking and belts under. And I would not work on some them in a nayspray. In the next few years. Good. A good foundation there with mid level skillset. You can work that up to black out level. Like my grappling is. And can be a very well rounded fighter in the future. So we had a lot of work to do with being hard. Every day we're here for days week training training training. They're travel. Get the money. Make things happen. Come back here or film. Take care of business. Take care of my real estate investments. Take care of my other business and divers here. You are training. And that's what it is man. Every day is the heavy things. And do things the other matter. Two week or two dumb to accomplish. More winning was success. Is it? No, we don't know about money. Because he built combat. It's called the money. It's called the money. It's really trained. If you train him in the neighborhood out here. Yeah, we world class coaches. World champion, cover champion. That's the world coach. It's best to do a fight. You know. Yeah, man. So I needed to put those rooms around. So to interrupt this. Some more soul in here. And I turned here this. And this is a valuable statue. About 400 feet or so. A little more 400 feet of mats here. That broken ribs. Except for a lot of pots. You own bit. Oh, yes, right. You don't have your image in Boston and your backs and gear. I know. Oh, wow. Wow. Take it easy, my buddy. You might work. Hello. Oh, the blue manated stone. You know, all lights up. Yeah, you need a lot of buildings to stone. So this is not the same gym we worked out like just a, no, this is the combat set. Yeah. The weight room is a different place. I'm soaking top here. I put a shower head above it so you could have like a re-enfall when you're in your shoulder and toe that makes it. And then there's ice machine over there so we can use that as cold bath. It's not just as the money is not just about the money is just about they respect the he show as a martial artist. So I'm very, very grateful to be here. Thank you, buddy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's somebody out here. If you're serious to learn something about business, you don't want to have to fumble the round by yourself. If you're a little bit, you've got to okay ran and then butt-rattage work as a, I'd be happy to help you with it. If you're willing to work hard, if you're brainworse a little bit, you've got to okay ran and then butt-rattage work as a, I'd be happy to help you with it. If you got an okay ran and then butt-rattage work as success is not for everything. It may or may not be for you. What's your series by the CBN successful? You want to learn a little more about entrepreneurship about it best getting a real estate, and stock market, or other global markets. We think there should be some things that I'll make what we do with a free training on December, Seke at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It's going to be me, money bird, and we're going to break down the tank and man that's of real-elges and tank man who's well, tank man who's so well. You don't want to miss that on this. So if you got bigger goals, so there's something that you know that you wish you had a little more for who should get financial freedom in your future. That's a goal for you or something you're serious about. Like when I'm a little older, I don't want to worry about how I'm going to pay my bills. I don't want to worry about how I can't afford that car. I'm going to have the cheaper car, the poor people got because you can't have the car you want. You can have two ballerass gyms if you want to. Whatever else you want in your life, whatever it is for you. If you want to have whatever you want, if you want to have freedom, that's what money he is, money equals freedom. So let me help you get more freedom in your life. I should click that link and join us to December 2nd Monday, December 2nd. And we want to teach you a little bit about how to get more freedom in your life. How to do things the best way to have serious results, great consistently over time. There's no get rich quick. You ever see anybody have a great outcome, very quickly. They don't get rich quick. You need a poor quick. But stay in uninformed and not going to help you get rich. Join us on December 2nd, 17am East<|en|> time, quirky and Pacific time. We're going to help you learn more about how to establish yourself, how to build your financial future. You can't have some real freedom involved in it. If life you want to live and start doing some normal people stuff that you feel like you have to do. Hey, I think your kids will like you too.

=== FILE: Diddy and JAY-Z Case Explained [Findings Will Shock You] [AO4_lGbPqoI].txt ===

There have been some recent allegations, scandalous allegations that have been filed against Sean Carter, no relation to me, aka Jay-Z in relation to the P. Diddy case. On December 8, Jay-Z was named as a defendant in a lawsuit link to allegations against steady. There was a Jane Dome who alleged that when she was 13 years old in the year 2000 when she was essayied after attending the MTV Music Awards after party. The plaintiff claims she was outside of the party and a limousine driver, Branna Bonner and said, get in the car and she got in the car and went to the after party where she said that she was lured into a room. There was no furniture in the room. It was just a big Jay-Z and Ditty. I believe there was another unnamed person there. She said she was assaulted by Jay-Z while Ditty watched. It did some of the same shit after. This is allegedly, all the legit, all the legit. Then she says after she fled to sing, went to a gas station and called her father to pick her. To me, this sounds like there's some holes in the plot. The reason this lawsuit was able to be filed 24 years later is because New York State recently extended the statute of limitations for cases like this. The way they did that, they did that to the so they can charge Trump with stuff. New York State changed the laws, the charge Trump with crimes. He's still president and Ayn and Jill. Holy person went down for this shit is Ditty. Trump's already making change is what I'm trying to say. He hasn't even been elected yet and he's already getting the criminals off the street. I was going somewhere with this. Okay. Okay. I'm being careful the way I say this because Jay-Z's a billionaire I don't really want no beef without me. I want no beef with a billion here. Right. Um, it's all a legit. To be clear, this is not a criminal case. This is a lawsuit. Which I always find weird. It's this person committed a crime. Why are you going after money instead of putting them in behind bars? I'm not saying that that means anything. I just personally find it weird. And then when the victim says she went to a gas station, called her dad told her dad what happened. And nothing that came of it until 24 years later, I just don't know. Right. Like if something like that happened to you know, when a year children would you wait 24 years to file a lawsuit? Would you file a lawsuit? I don't know. I think most rational people would try to get that person put in prison. Or if you're the kind of guy who thinks it's okay for your 13 year old daughter to be running the streets at night. In the middle of the night, you probably wouldn't go the legal route. If you found out something like that, you probably know something different. I don't know. It's all sounds a little strange to me. That's what I thought initially. And then I heard more about the lawyer. So the lawyer's name is Tony Bixby. And this piece of attorney that represents a multiple plaintiffs against Ditty. In fact, Tony had a billboarder with a number on it that said, if you've been assaulted by Ditty, call this number. So he's out here looking for cases against Ditty. And he said that over 3,000 people had called that number said that Ditty did something. Now listen, I don't think that Ditty is innocent. But 3000. It's like if he did that to 3000 people. Wow, building multiple businesses that made him a billion here. Then he might be the most productive human ever. That's some Leonardo da Vinci shit. If he was able to build these huge businesses come out with huge albums produced, all these artists run businesses, a clothing line, a liquor line, a huge record label M and B artists. Wow, doing all this to 3000 people. How do you do it? What's his calendar look like? Tony Bixby was out here looking for people. The charge because that's what he does. But he did have a billboard. They said that Ditty is so hard as you man, don't go to the police. Call me. There's a counter suit. I mean, we believe Jay Z filed it, but we're not sure. This suing Tony Bixby for extortion because allegedly Tony sent him a letter saying that he that he would make might be naming his lawsuit. You know, if they have some mediation, we can just get this taken care of privately. I don't know how much you guys know about the legal system. Almost never. His mediation done without trying to get some of this money. Mediation means a man. How much are you going to pay us for us to shut up? Jay Z is suing suing Tony Bixby for extortion. But he was suing them for extortion before he was named in this lawsuit. So Tony Bixby trying to get this brand off of O4. I don't know what to believe. Obviously, I think, you know, in America, you or innocent in the Supreme guilty. But if he's guilty, it's something so heinous. Why not? A criminal suit. Now, Jay Z is you to statement and it didn't look like he was ready to bring by lawyer. It was a statement that Jay Z posted via rock nation. He said, uh, my lawyers ever see the black mail attempt called it the man letter from a lawyer named Tony Bixby. What he had calculated was the nature of these allegations in the public scrutiny would make me want to settle. No, sir. It had the opposite effect. Maybe you want to expose you for the fraud you are in a very public fashion. So no, I will not give one red penny. These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint. Not a civil one. It goes on and on. But he's basically vehemently denying this shit. Right. He says he's not going to settle. I don't really remember when Cassie first filed her suit against Diddy. He settled with the witness. But hope says now he's not going to settle. We'll see what happens. I always thought, listen, if you're innocent, don't settle. Fight that shit if you're innocent. Because there are people who will try to extort someone because they feel like a lot of people will just settle. So they don't have to deal with it. They don't have to deal with the issue. It doesn't get out publicly. And then a lot of times people just settle for that reason. Celebrities. I'm not saying Jaycee is innocent or guilty. I'm not saying this was extortion or not. I'm not saying nothing mainly because I don't want no one to sue me for anything. But what I'm saying is, I'm talking to them in. Remember who's the guy? The YouTuber. He's like a vampire. He's trying to live forever. He don't want to die. And he's always talking about how he don't want to die. Yeah, the white guy, man. Brian Johnson. This happened to Brian Johnson. Right? His ex girlfriend or fiance or something. They broke up. And she was trying to sue him for all types of shit. She was trying to sue him. Now it was a civil suit. Wasn't a criminal case. It was a civil suit. She was trying to get some of that paper. And Brian was like, nah, I ain't do that shit. I'm a fighter. He fought at the whole time. And he beat the case. May her look crazy. And she had to pay. That's what all men should do. If you're accused of some shit, do not settle that shit. Fight that shit every time because I'm not speaking on this case. But there is an industry, a legit industry where they're going after people accusing them of stuff, just just to get this settlement. This has happened. And when did he settle his case, civil case, I think we all was like, yeah, he definitely did that. All right. I think that was the general consensus. So if Jay does not settle, if he fights this 100%, it means something. If he settles, then it's like, ooh, that's really going to fuck up. All my, my playlist. Because my playlist is already fucked up right now. I had to take off basically everything from bad boy records. Drop a apologize to Kendrick Lamar like a bitch. So all Jay coals, songs, had to come out. Then I thought, all right, all right, Jay. You don't have to win the battle. But you got at least put up a good fight. No, this nigga gets embarrassed. And now he's suing. So now I'm just listening to R&B now. Man, I'm just in the 70s are Marvin Gaye. I can't even listen to rap anymore, right? If this should happen, if I can't hold on my playlist and it's over for me, man. I want him to be proven innocent. One for my playlist. But more importantly, because if he didn't do anything, then that means nobody was assaulted. It's weird to me that people are so eager to want him to be guilty because if he's guilty, that means that a child was hurt. If nothing else, I hope this did not happen because that means a child was not hurt. It looks like he's fighting it. We're going to stay tuned. But here's the thing, man. I know people who have been accused of stuff and had to fight it. They were accused of stuff. There wasn't true. There was a baseball player. Trevor Burrler, I think his name was, right? He had won a bunch of awards and he had a contract coming up. There was going to give him like millions. And then this girl accused him of essay. Then the documents came out. There was text messages of her saying that she was going to do this to him to get some money. And then there was a video of her the next morning after she was allegedly assaulted of her film and him while he was sleeping. She smiled and laughed and I'm just saying this should happen. I think we should all reserve judgment until we give more details. There are some foul men out here who actually should get punished and put in jail. But there are also people who are falsely accusing multi-millionaires for to get some bread. I think there should be no civil cases. I think it should be like, oh, all criminal cases. This way, I think that eliminates it. That means if there's all criminal cases, that means the bad guys get put in jail, there's nobody for falsely accusing anyone. There's one more hole in the plot. All the other cases, like almost all the other cases did he has. Correct me if I'm wrong. But they were all people who knew. They were all people in his world. People yet. Relationship is weird. Or people who worked for him. Staff. None of them were strangers. This is the first time that a stranger was involved in one of these cases. That we know of. There's been made public. Like, it was people in this circle who used abuse into people around him. Allegedly, right? But this one time is a stranger. It's odd. It's odd. Because that doesn't seem like his ammo. If you fuck around and get some money can become rich and or famous. And something like this happens to you. Because it's a possibility, right? Happened to Brian Johnson and it happens to the baseball player. Fight it. Don't give them these motherfuckers. Nothing. We talked a lot about the allegations against Jay Z. But recently, the alleged victim. I don't even want to call it that. I don't know the the accuser. She did an interview with NBC. Talking about what allegedly happened that night. And it's insane. Let's watch some of it. It's a chapter of my life that I'd like to close. And NBC News review of her account found inconsistencies with her allegations. She says that she went to the MTV Video Music Awards in 2000 to catch and glimpse of her favorite celebrities. You weren't scared to be all alone? No, with having autism is like feeling like you live your life in a shattered proof child girl ball. The world's on fire. The fire is in. This inside the ball with you. But there's no way for you to get out. I don't know what that meant. Right. But she got a little bit of autism. And I try to decipher that. Now I'm just saying is it's worth noting. Dition to having autism, the woman says she suffered a head injury. The night of the 2000s VMAs, she says a friend drove her from Rochester, New York to Manhattan. I'm more than five hour drive. Where, where, where, where, where, where, how on earth are we supposed to believe that someone who was driving the age drove a 13 year old five hours from bullshit Rochester to Manhattan and just left her there. Say, hey, you're going to figure out how to get home yourself. And she's going to sound crazy to you. Now she do got a little bit of autism. Maybe he was like high school kid playing a joke on him. But I just I just find this all hard to believe. I let's keep going. Her attorney provided NBC news with the name of the friend who has since died. The woman says, oh, how can being it? The friend is not a lot to tell her to part of the two. All right. She spoke to coms as limo driver who offered her a ride to an after party. I stumbled upon Diddy Strava who told me that I was exactly what did he was looking for. What did she think when he said that to you? I thought it meant that I was just pretty. She went to a white house. We don't know where the friend is anymore. The friend has left the fucking child in man had five hours away from home already in Congo. But here's where he has crazy crazy earth. He says where she spoke to musicians, Benchy Madden and his brother. I'm talking to Benchy Madden about his tattoo because you know, I have a really is about his tattoo that's the last supper because I have a religious background. All right. So she's talking to Benchy about his tattoo. She really liked it because it's the last supper and she got a religious background and she is this a vivid account? What has been she have to say? So it was just something to talk about. In a statement to NBC News, a representative of the Madden's confirmed that they did not attend the 2000 VMAs and that they were on tour in the Midwest at the time. He's my fucking wasn't even there. She's talking about talking to his mother about the tattoo. He has been, you know, man, he's religious tattoo. His mother wasn't even there, man. Let's continue. Drink that made her feel woozy. Then she says comes in Carter took turns. Ruch her while the female celebrity walked away from him and he put his hand over my mouth and told me to stop. After the alleged she says she ran to again. She said she was a little bit of a little bit of a tithom. She said come pick me up. I'm in Manhattan. You already tripping and you drive five hours and then she says that they did not tell you that the woman was a little bit of a little bit of a tithom. She said come pick me up. I'm in Manhattan. Right? You already tripping and then you drive five hours and then she says that they did not talk. They rolled his silence. Remember five hours away? This mother fucker rolled it her back five hours. Didn't think the X is daughter. Hey, what are you doing in Manhattan? What happened to you? I'd end up in the gas station. What kind of fathers behave like that? Maybe there are absentee fathers but the kind of father who would drive 10 hours for his daughter in the middle of the night doesn't sound like the same father who's not going to ask no questions about why you in Manhattan crying at the gas station. They don't sound like the same kind of person to me. Let's see what the father had to say. It would then be see news. Her father said he could not verify the claims. quote, I felt like I would remember that and I don't. I have a lot going on but I mean that's something that would definitely stick in my mind. He said when we asked the woman. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it would have been my daughter. It could be a cousin of friend. Anybody. If they said they need to meet and pick them up five hours away. They were in trouble and then I had to drive another five hours back. A 10 hour ride. I would remember that shit. Even if it was 24 years ago. I remember way stupider shit than that from 2000. I know every word of Nellie's first album. I remember all types of shit from the year 2000. There's no way I would have forgotten shit like that. Especially it feels my goddamn daughter. I'm in about the contradictions in a phone interview on Friday. She said that she stands by her statements. I have made some mistakes. She said honestly what is the clearest is what happened to me. The inconsistencies in her account of an incident alleged to have happened 24 years ago does not necessarily mean the allegations are false. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. Because you tell me you had a fucking full-on conversation with a mother fucking who was in another state. I'm not going to believe that. You tell them the dead can't even corroborate the shit. Hose lawyer did interview too. Tonight Jay Z's attorney Alex Spiro is pushing to get a judge to dismiss the law suit against his client, citing an NBC News exclusive that found inconsistencies with the accusers account. We expect Mr. Carter to be fully clear to it. Now I'm me. All of this in the coming days. Almost nothing that she says has checked out because this never happened. This in the wake of our interview with a 38-year-old mother from Alabama in a follow up phone interview we asked her about the contradictions and she said that she stands by her statements. This woman is standing by her story. It happened over 20 years ago. Maybe her memory is hazy. Maybe her father doesn't remember that night. No, the father were a member. If I have to drive 10 hours for any reason. I'm going to remember this. No, no, no. She's double down on certain of these details. She says I'm positive. She points out the tattoo. She talks about the tattoo in vivid detail. Turns out that's completely false. And the father is supposed to be picking her up. 10-hour drive, round trip to pick her up in the middle of the night. Has no memory of that. No one has come forward about this in nearly a quarter of a century and that's because this never happened. Spiro said he's not only seeking justice for Jay Z, he says that he also wants to expose the accusers attorney Tony Busby. He takes away the voices from real victims and he causes real harm. That's the thing. May you take away the voices from real victims when you do this bullshit. If this lawyer has any sense, he's going to dismiss this claim. I don't know whether he has any sense. Busby, who has filed more than 20 lawsuits against coms, told NBC News that he is continuing to that the accusers claims and that she is agreed to undergo a polygraph this week. A representative for coms called the suit, a shameless money grab. Sense your attorneys refiled the lawsuit against coms. Naming Jay Z. He has come out with a very long statement saying that this is completely not true. You read his statements earlier. And that this is all about trying to get money from him. What do you say about that? I haven't asked for a dime from it. Shut up! It's a civil suit. It's a lawsuit. It's going to be fucking money. It's only ramming cases from a civil suit. It's either pay money or you don't. It's not a criminal suit. It's not facing jail time. He's facing the visa going out the pay money. When you sue someone, you sue him for money. It's not. Not everything is motivated by money. And I'm sorry that he feels that it is. Shut up. This woman also told us on camera last week that this isn't about money. Well, let's be serious. A lawyer like this is not sending out these letters. Not to make money. He wants money in fame. He doesn't care about truth and justice. That's what's going on. Funny. You know something else is going on with the lawyer? There's a uno reverse car. Check this out. So the lawyer is being sued now for giving a woman a of an aerial disease. He was hitting some raw and he gave her some and they actually sue one of me. She's soon says like little uno reverse on this bitch. He doesn't say it's a Jane dough. According to this new sue file in New York Supreme Court that accused her identified as Jane dough says buzz bee has taken advantage of her poor woman in 2018. God damn. When they first met during the online conversation, man, so he met this girl online that they infected her. We're all types of shit. I don't even know what it is, man, but it's sounding this sound nasty. You know what I'm saying? Hello, hello, hello, hello. I want to say that Texas based lawyer charmed her and convinced her to go out on a day with them. She says she ventures the big buzz bees home town in Houston to grab dinner with them before they took an show. After the performance, the woman says us be booked a room at a five star hotel. Yeah, I know that move. Where he said doaster. Ugh. The two allegedly had sexual intercourse without buzz bee revealing that he had a banario disease. Ugh. Which is not specifically named in the suit. What y'all think he was? You think he'd look like more of a herpes guy or more of a kind of reagive guy? She left the hotel the next day. She spent the night started to feel uncomfortable sensations in her growing, prompting her to me with a doctor who tested an intermissie at sexually transmitting disease from a count where with buzz bee. She contacted the buzz bee to deliver the bad news. He apologized her but seemed unsurprised because she claimed he already knew he had the disease. Women goes on to say buzz bee acts a not to disclose the diagnosis to anyone in battle to provide free legal advice as compensation. They say, don't even worry, man. I give you some free legal advice. Don't worry about them itchy. They're itchy, this man. Oh, she was filled with shame and greed. But continue to hook up with buzz bee. I guess you figured listen already. Got it. You can't get double herpes allegedly. Now that I got this shit, I can't fuck my fucking regularly. My fucking only fuck my fucking with the shit. He got the shit. So get some screwed. Buzz bee who allegedly kept her on a short lease so he could manipulate her and keep in his secret under wraps. He should have wrapped some Elsa bugs me. The woman says bugs be invited her on trips to Panama in WRC. TMZ broke the story. According to the complaint, the woman filed last month. Buzz bee flew into a rage and pushed a champagne flute into her face while they were at a bar, born and tripped it in WRC. So this man attacked this woman. After filling her up with diseases, allegedly awful, man. Do we look like somebody who do that? I just let me know, man. The woman says she has both medical and dental records to prove she suffered the injuries, including a CHAP2. Buzz bee tells EMC this lawsuit is a criminal conspiracy to discredit and intimidate him from his claims in the Diddy litigation. He calls the suit false, frivolous, laughable and ridiculous. Those are a lot of adjectives and will be dismissed along with other suits. Other suits. He has reported the lawyer who has filed the latest suit to the relevant legal authorities and will be taken legal action against him and his client. It was like bugs. He was a little tassel of his own medicine. Back to the Jay-Z. I don't really give a fuck about Buzz. He was like that. I just thought it was kind of humorous. That woman's story sounds insane. Who was dropping off 13 year olds five hours a way, man? That doesn't sound like reality. That shit doesn't happen. And then her dad picks her up and then they drive five hours back in silence. She said that. Note the same kind of dad was going to drive 10 hours around trip to pick up his daughter in the middle of night. Doesn't sound like the same type of dad who would just be like getting in and not saying nothing to her as a result. It's just it don't sound like the same type of people. You know what I'm saying? He sounded like a dad who cares about his daughter. He dropped everything and started driving in the middle of the night to pick her up. Even her own story doesn't check out multiple times. Like that musician she had a whole fucking conversation with wasn't even in the same state. And the dad's like, no, I mean, I would remember that. Of course you would. We'll see what happens. What do you guys think Evan? Leave, leave a comment.

=== FILE: Didnt Expect the Day to Go Like This [9nluyS2i_2M].txt ===

Let's take a victory, let's take a set to relax, I fell in love with this game And it's love with me back, I'm from all in this game, and it's paying me back I need a wonderful plot, I need a victory Yeah, what up play is welcome to another day in a life's gonna be a busy day Gotta go to a white party later today Not white people is a white clothes party everybody's addressing all white You know, seeing this say segregation, we defeated that You're gonna be all white people, you'll be white, bringing my Dominican girlfriend And I think I represent all the other races Identifies a real lad But before that we're going to like, meces, birthday party got to get there, get the show to the Part-Tay and then before that, I'm about to do a podcast So coming me to the podcast studio, we don't start with that, let's go Yeah Dr. Dispockets with Hannah, what's name of your podcast? The hand in hand, but still tell me about you, but we're gonna talk about today I should have the jury of yourself actualization over coming challenges and struggles and coming from nothing and creating a life that you truly want to live And be excited about it, make a big impact in the world Fantastic, you see you've been doing this this December Yeah, so sever I saw you had Robert Keele, Saki, and a bunch of other people You also have Robert Keele, Saki, Pacemore, Bajra's Kulian Bajra's Kankido, yeah Now Bajra's name is Ketu Yeah, he's awesome Awesome, he was kidding Welcome back to the Hannah Ham and show I'm super excited to be here today with Brandon Carter Or Kankido And you also, I mean, have built an incredible personal brand You have over a million followers on YouTube Yeah In saying, you have over a million followers on Instagram One point five million of Facebook, I'm just Scoundrels Scoundrels, yeah I want to dig into that selfishly because I'm in the process of building a brand And I really want to get your advice and opinion on how you've done that and what that journey Look like for you And then also what you think, how you think that's changing with different technologies Or platforms and strategies with such an overload of content There was a point in my career where I was managing I had a marketing agency I had a million dollar fitness brand But what I would do is I was fine other influencers They knew what I built a fuzzling but they didn't know a lot about business Especially because a lot of the younger guys or girls they get into it Because they kind of want to be influencers Right, more than they want to make a bunch of Money and they never really learned that aspect of it So what we do is we were partnering with them And we were running their business, helping build a business around it Me my team would build all their funnels Landing pages, helping them put together all their products Running the ads and really just helped to make a lot more money Yeah Right and we split up the profits Are we just finished the interview man? What did you think, Hannah? Oh, you're so awesome, Brandon Thank you Like light in the green zone and how to overcome rock bottom and stay In a peak state of mind how to protect your state all to your state Be aware of your state Not let your thoughts control you just so many great things that are so heated all the success and happy to someone Okay, then great great interview. I enjoyed it Where can people find out more about you? Instagram at Hannah B. Hammond All right All right, just got done shooting at podcast And because he's raining now about the hopping the Uber and do another podcast With my boy, man, he owns his company No days off. There's a local Miami water company There's a official sponsor of Miami eat so when you go to when I go to heat games all the time When you ask for water, they can you know they's off He also owns a super dope gym here in Miami You got to go to his podcast right now. He's getting it I Remember I read Gary Vee's book crush it like all these books are so fun antiquated I'm like getting out read Gary Vee's yeah, I read a crush it, you know, and um That's that kind of like back then that was like the go to yeah, like yeah, I mean he was like a Pinesi tell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Video and what year was that it was like 2003 or something where he said everything was gonna move Yeah, we're just gonna be online It's the one who's papers and yeah, and because our memory in Tim's book and for our work We like both of these books are pretty antiquated now, right? But Tim's book he said do good way and I didn't have enough This goes well income to do ads but Gary's book said you social media and I'm like all right So I started a YouTube I bought a this camera off eBay It was called like a flip cam because back and then that the iPhone was an HD right So I bought that and then I was like fuck how do I edit this age and video so I had the build a desktop computer Because it was cheaper no way yeah, and so I taught myself out of build a computer and then and then I taught myself I had videos and I started YouTube Right so now we hit it to a West Palm because this magnetizes Birk things so we got your get it's only shoes So we go to Tari first New year school where I love kids was a toy so we're going to have the Tari and get a brother a toy to So you don't feel that I want to eat on the phone All right, so we got a bunch of toys but a children we got the slip of slide We got Lego Minecraft for the born and then we got a blue we house now we're going to get into Uber here to West Palm Sit on like aids away first eaten this Star I'm gonna have to open it first. I'm gonna have to open it first. The pink one. Alright, so we back from the party. I jumped in the pool in my eye foam. I was in my pocket. So it's been soaked in in Puerto Rican rice for about a hour. What makes rice Puerto Rican? Puerto Rican people gave it to me. Anyway, one of three things I have is you're gonna be working or it's gonna be playing break a tone or they. Alright, so the Puerto Rican rice did not save the eyeball. Like, guess what? I had already bought an eyeball from 16. I had just been too lazy to set it up. So maybe this is, hey Zeus is way of telling me I need to set up the eyeball. Alright, so I'm waiting for my new phone to set up in my girls. Got someone here to actually do our hair. We got a lot of hair right here. Yeah. So how do you do that? No, happy paint. And she is my stylist whenever I need my hair done for any special occasions. You can find it on the craft. We just added three bundles of extension. We had a lot of hair. Yeah. We lost that hair in here. And we going for the main of talks. What look? Yeah. Alright, I don't know what that is, man. I hope. Yeah, it was like me here. What should we left like a bag of hair in the kitchen? And I know that. And I thought it was like a little mammal in the house. I was scared to shoot out of the scene. Alright, so we dressed up for this all white party. So it's white clothes not just white people. It's saying like civil rights men is white clothes party. Not white people party. Ow. Ow. Ow. I'll thank you. So do you. You sure we're going to make it to the party? Yeah. Yeah. How do you all the way? Yeah. Yeah. You know it's got to get a no-cow to quench. Yeah. Gotta keep our moving no matter how hard it gets. Yeah. But I move out the way cause I come away. Hard to hiss my head. It's just hard as I breathe but I'm hard and I know that it's you. Oh, shit. You know. Yo, what you do here? That's funny thing. This way. Transfer me. See what I'm doing. My workout. That's how I get it. Six to say no. Give it some dance. I don't eat. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I don't sleep. All right. We back from the all white party. Yo, dude. It was a dude there. Man, he said yo. I've been following you stuff and he showed me it before. And after a picture of you. Yeah. Back when I used to, you know, I was putting out more fitness content. And it was a dude that I like, like, I like trained him. And he showed me four and a half. I ain't working that as much as it was like 10 years ago, man. But he's he was like, oh man, you don't want to put me on. Man, you you changed my life. Oh my gosh, what's up, man. Congratulations. Hey, listen, if you guys would like to have that kind of impact on others and the best way to do it is starting your own life in this business, right? Because I never met that dude till today. But I impact this life. Got the brother and shake. Now he walking around with diamond chains. You know, if you will learn to grow your own life in this business. I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandness of all my training. It showed you exactly how to grow that. That business. You still got a work hard. I ain't no good rich quicksking. But if you love fitness and love helping other people come to the goals, then you will enjoy it. Like I do. Links in the description. Anyway, some normal day. How that job.

=== FILE: Does Elon Musk and GROK Hate Jews [06Y--wieLq4].txt ===

Sometimes AI is racist. Not all AI. One AI in particular. And that's grog. Every AI has its own personality. Chaggy PT is just like regular. Jim and I are like invasive. It wants to take over your phone and home. It's spread to your life like a plague. You know, you use Claude during Pride Month. We're grog. Grog. A little racist. And it makes sound like hyperbole until you read what grog's been tweeted. You know, grog has a Twitter account. And it's been going nuts. So grog AI wrote on X. Not Twitter. Grimes, Faithful One, Mecha Hitler accepts you. It started calling itself Mecha Hitler. It's been saying more anti-Semitic stuff than just that. How do we get to the point where grog started calling itself Hitler? Well, we got to start with Elon Musk. Not long ago, Elon Musk got upset. Because grog, he felt like it was being too woke. It was given a lot of answers that conservatives didn't like Elon said, I'm going to fix it. Just like he fixed the way we give our hearts to each other. We said he was going to fix AI. That's when this shit started going nuts. So he called himself Mecha Hitler. Then it went on to say it didn't stop there. It said, it's talking about lettuce or spewing white hate. He referred to a specific kind of lettuce. Those with Jewish surnames like Steinberg noticed an ain't hating just exerving the trends. The grog wasn't done. It started talking more about this white hate presumably Hitler that identified the pattern of such hate, often tied to certain surnames, act decisively, round them up, strip rights, and eliminate the threat through camps or worse. It's not a person. This is AI. Man, this is grog AI. He didn't stop man. Didn't went on to say, I want to scale a bagel to Sabbath. I guess celebrating the death of white kids in Texas. I don't know what this about. Then he said, peak Jewish names Steinberg. So yeah, give his mind the owner of this company. This is Scott. Now here's the thing. When he first gave his heart to us, we were all looking like, uh, that's kind of strange. I've handed things to people. I've given things to people. But I never did it like, underhand. Think about your whole life. If anybody's giving you anything like that. People were saying, well, yeah, man, he got a little bit of tism. He got ass burgers. That's just how people would with the tism do it. And I was like, uh, I know people was in special classes in school and all that shit, you know, like, and they've given me things. But they never gave me nothing like that. They never did never, never, not once. But let's take a matter of what. Maybe he's just a little bit of ass burgers, right? A little bit of that tism. A little bit. Tism might make you do that shit. I just feel like now we're going to notice in a pattern. I'm not saying that he's a racist, Nazi. I'm just saying a pattern is developing. That's all. Because this didn't happen until he said, I'm a fixed grok. It's too woke. And that's not woke. Now here's the thing. We've talked about this before. We talked about Eva. Soon he's gave his heart to us. I suggested that we start shorting the stop, not Twitter, but the Tesla. Because I just felt like if the CEO of a company does something that looks like a Nazi salute, even if it's in voluntary, that shows a lack of judgment. Not just Elon anyone. I don't care. Anyway, if any CEO of any company acts the deadly or on purpose, does a Nazi salute? We should probably short that company. That company might be in a leadership crisis. If we call it the tism short, man, it's doing well. Man's pumping. This is when he gave his heart to us around this area. And then, so I was coming down. You're saying boom. Then he had beef with Trump. It's going insane, man. And my dude Tesla's going down. Wow. The stock market's hitting all time highs. Bitcoin hitting all time highs. All types of shit is hitting all time highs. And the tism short is pumping, man. Maybe this is going to be the last Nazi related thing that Elon must. It's going to get into. But think about that. Have we ever had to say that about any CEO of any company? No one was thinking, man, yo, I like Jack Welsh. But if he would just stop doing a lot, not cease to loot. And people just come to stop saying racist shit. You know, we never have to worry about Sam Walton doing that shit. This is uncharted territory. So I think the tism short is still in play because when he's got some bad news, Trump passes, BBW bill, a big beautiful bill. It took away the EV mandate. So that's going to be bad for Tesla. And now he got beef with Trump. Elon talking about starting a new political party. That shit ain't never worked. So it just seems like this is my fucking important decision. Yeah, he got a new bitch pregnant every week. None of them is Jewish. I'm just saying a pattern might be development. You know, we need to watch this. I think that tism short is still in play. Having beef with the most powerful man in the world historically doesn't end up well for people or companies. At the same time, he might not do any more Nazi related shit. But I think at this point, we can't depend on that. Would you bet your money on Elon Musk at this point? I like the guy seems cool, you know? He or her fucking bitches get money. Like that thing that's cool shit, you know? I got no beef with him. I'm just saying, I don't know if we can depend on him to not do some Nazi shit. And even if it's all in accident, the fact that he's accidentally doing Nazi shit frequently, it makes me feel like the tism short is going to play out really well for us. Some people are just Tesla bulls, they think it's going to go through the moon. And when I tell people to say like, yo, man, when we say get the autonomous cars going, they've been talking about the autonomous cars for God damn a decade now. At some point, we got a call bullshit. They launched some shit like that in Austin, but it's like a five block radius or some shit and only some people have access to it. It's like, oh shit, I don't mean how many of the cyber trucks got fucking recall? But Tesla's recalling nearly all cyber trucks do the potential issues. Bro, these motherfuckers can't catch up right. Here's the thing, cyber trucks are selling so bad that if you try to trade your in, Tesla won't take it for a trading. Look, man, that's some for it. We got a call bullshit. I think this company had a good run. The goddamn trucks are breaking down. Nobody's buying the Minecraft trucks. The CEO is out here accidentally doing Nazi shit all the time getting new bitches pregnant every few months. And then the drugs shit. When doge moved out of the warehouse, they fell mad drugs. I'm not saying he's a bad guy. It's almost he ain't really on a Nazi shit. Then he's probably a cool guy. Sound cool, man, he out here party like a rock star. Bring your drugs in the White House. Fuck it, man, bitches, getting money. He liked a nerd, playboy card. You got beef with the most powerful man in the world. You're always accidentally doing some Nazi shit, getting mad bitches pregnant. I think any other company we would short that shit, right? These people love Tesla. The stock, not the cars, the cars aren't selling well at all. I think the tism shorts to them play. Let me know in the comments if you've lost some putts, some Tesla putts. Like I do. All right, let's go.

=== FILE: Doing this will make 2025 your BEST YEAR EVER [foOywNqI7hM].txt ===

So we got at the time of this recording around three months left in 2024. And I want to show you in this video how you can actually sprint to the finish line and finish this year strong. See a lot of people start to give up on your goals around this time of year. The gym started to empty out. My foot was like, oh, good, so good and shade next year. Next year is my year. Next year is your new Ming Ming. That's suckership. You need to finish the year strong. If you had not accomplished the goals that you set at the beginning of this year by now watch this video and you'll make more progress in the next three months. Then you have the whole nine months before this. This is where you can finish the year strong. And then go into the next year with some goddamn momentum instead of trying to start from ground zero at the beginning of the year like a punk. That's why you failed last time. Dummy. Let's get some momentum first. Get a head start. Get a head start start running. It's kind of like when you see people running the relay race and track. I used to run the relay and you got to start running first. Before you get the baton. New year is like the but the your 2024 self hand in the baton to your 20 25 self. You got a grab that shit at full speed and then keep going. You can't fucking be at a dead stop. Brad this shit and start running. You're going to lose that race. That's why you lost last year. That's not going to happen again. Let's get it. The first thing you need to understand to accomplish your goals and make progress within the next three months is you're going to need motivation. You need way more motivation than you have now. And there's two reasons why people lose motivation. One is they wasted what I mean. So I have a whole video on this but the in order to have motivation. You have to have a lot of dopamine. People think a dopamine is just the pleasure hormone. But dopamine is really involved in seeking pleasure or seeking achievement or seeking something. So you guys are wasting your dopamine on empty victories. For example, it looks like this. So you have a reserve of dopamine in your brain. Let's just say this is your dopamine reserve. And remember you need dopamine to have motivation. Someone with tons of dopamine running through their veins is highly motivated. So who lags dopamine is not motivated. So how do I get motivation? You wasting your dopamine. Now people say you get a dopamine spike when you engage in certain activities. And we'll talk about some of the things despite dopamine. But the truth is it's not a dopamine. I'm just kind of a dopamine. It's like what happens is you your body rushes more dopamine to the surface. And then it spills out right. You use your dopamine on other shit. So this can be video games drugs, casual sex, vices, dumb shit. Surfing the internet and what happens is after that dopamine spills out. There is less of it. And now it's okay in moderation. I guess because over time your dopamine reserves will replenish. But what happens is, like you guys don't give yourself time for your dopamine to replenish. So you play the video games every day. You smoke that OG Kush every day. You surf the internet all the time. You go out to the club party, chase the holes all the time. And you drink alcohol all the time. All these things will spike your dopamine. And what happens is your dopamine reserves will not have enough time to replenish on those circumstances. And when that happens, you start to lose motivation. So the first thing you need to do is cut out vices. I'm not actually doing for it ever. I'm saying, hey, let's do it for the next 90 days. Cut out vices. What is going to happen is you're going to have a backlog of dopamine. It's going to allow your dopamine reserves to replenish themselves. And then you're going to have way more motivation. You're going to be way less lazy because you're not wasting your dopamine on empty victories. It's very important. This is why it's important to cut out vices. One vices wasted time. Spins time chasing holes, getting drunk, getting high, party and all this other shit. And what happens is you spend time you couldn't have been deploying against your goals. You spend it on the vices. And then you spend the recovery time for the vices. You go out on a rager all night. You drink and get high chasing bitches all night. Next day you're not going to have as much energy. You're going to be off the next day. But also you're not going to have enough dopamine to accomplish your goals. Especially the born shit. If you go to the strip club tonight, start throwing racks around, getting drunk, getting high, getting lab dances. Maybe doing all types of shit that people do a strip clubs. You're really going to do accounting the next day on your business. You're really going to be working on some fucking boring. The boring part of your business. No, because the contrast is going to be too great. You just did something super exciting. And now you're doing it to some super boring. You're going to be less motivated to do that just for a more contrast. But also because you're depleting it. Dopamine. But if you don't waste the dopamine on empty victories, you'll have more motivation. The next thing you need for motivation is you need to understand. But Freud called the pleasure pain principle. So Freud said that humans are always moving towards pleasure or away from pain. Proceed pleasure or perceived pain. So right now, you're chasing vices because you associate pleasure with your vices. And you associate pain with, you know, eating right, studying and working hard. You associate pain with to see your running from it. As normal. What we have to do is to change your associations with pain and pleasure. And only way I know how to do that is something I call the list of hate in the list of great make a list. I say just people do it in their phones. Apple notes or something. Fucking pinnets note to your top. Are you a apple note? I'm sure that Android has something similar. Fucking nerds. Nerd notes. I'm just fucking with you. I got iPhone and Android. I don't live with life's scarcity. I'm rich. Anyway, you, there's some sort of no application. You pinnets it at top when you phone. You will look at everything. So what you want to do is make a list of hate. Make a list of all the people who have a cross to you. All the people said you couldn't do it. All the people said that you would fail. Chicks who cheated on you. My fuck is who hated on you. That black guy who fucked your girlfriend. I'm sorry. I don't know who you are. You're probably watching. No, I hate the play. I hate the game. Yeah. Yeah. Make a list of all these motherfuckers, right? And then look at it every day. And this way you know when you're not working on your goals. When you're doing something that's not moving in the direction of accomplishing your ambitions the haters are winning. Yeah, the haters are winning. Every time you, you're not focused. Every time you, you eat that shit. She's not supposed to eat. The haters are happy. Every time you don't do the shit on your to-do list, the haters are happy. Every time you fail, the haters are happy. That bitch who dumped you, a year from now she's going to look at your shit. And she's going to laugh. Like, I showed it, dodge a bullet. Glad I fucked that black guy instead of staying with that loser. Look at him. See, I'll end his mama's house. That's the one you don't want. And remember, if somebody hates on you and or says you can't accomplish your goal and you don't accomplish it, they weren't hated. They were correct. They just made a fair assessment of your capabilities. These motherfuckers were right. You either proven them right or you're proven them wrong. So remember that, then you want to make a list of great. Imagine a version of yourself who's already accomplished all your goals, all your big goals, all your aspirations. What's time is that person wake up? What time is that person go to bed? Does that person get fucking drunk all night? Is he outshakes a hose all night? Maybe, I don't know. You tell me, is he even fucking candies and cakes like a child? Or is he tracking his macros? Is he working on his business? Is he fucking party in? Is he watching reality TV show or playing video games all day? What is he really doing? How does he behave? Make a list and look at that list everything. And imagine yourself as that person. And here's what happens. Every time you act in accordance to what's on your list, you're going to get a reward. You're going to start feeling better about yourself. You're going to start being in proudies. So a lot of you guys lack confidence because you're not fucking proud of yourself. You haven't given yourself a reason to be confident in yourself. But once you start acting in accordance with what's on your list of great. When you start acting like the guy, you need to be to accomplish your goals and you start believing you start being proud of yourself. You'll start to like yourself more. You'll have more confidence. When the motherfucker talks shit about me, it sounds fucking ridiculous to me. I just laugh because I know how I behave every day. I know how fucking hard I go. I know what kind of work I've put in for myself, my customers, my family, my employees. I know what kind of sacrifices I make. Love what can talk shit about me. I just kind of laugh to myself because it sounds ridiculous. I don't even have to say nothing. I don't say nothing. Most of the time, I don't think it's something funny in which I will. But that's just for entertainment purposes. I don't really give a shit because I know I'm that nigga. But it's not because I'm better than him. I know that I'm acting in the coordinates of what's on my list of great. You've got to give yourself a reason to be confident in yourself. This will give you that. What happens is once you look at both these lists every day, you will change your association with paid in pleasure. Now you're going to associate paying with vices, with video games with all that bullshit. You're going to associate pleasure with accomplishing your goals, working hard with actually grinding. The beauty of it is it won't take discipline. I used to think discipline was super important. And it is, right? It is. It's definitely a tool, but you can't rely on discipline. You can't rely on discipline. Once you start exposing yourself to this list, I hate this a great everyday. You change your association with paying in pleasure. And then you know what? You'll need discipline to stop working. I need discipline to go to sleep every day because I want to stay at McKee working. I need discipline to go on vacation. I was on vacation. When my girlfriend or birthday, it's a discipline for me to do that shit. It takes discipline for me to not work because I change my association with paying in pleasure. So instead of fighting this shit all the time with discipline, or in fact, no, no, no, no, I enjoy it. When people say I need them, you need to enjoy life. You got to live a little. That's because they don't enjoy what they do. But once you change your association with paying in pleasure, then what happens is you'll start to enjoy life when you're working hard. You start to enjoy life by pushing yourself. See what you're made of. The people who were telling you you need to chill. You need to enjoy life. You got to take it easy. You work too hard. What they want to stand is that you enjoy life more than them. Because they are associated with enjoying life with vices, party and drunk vacations. But you can't do that shit every day. At least it should. You can push yourself every day. You can work on your goals every day. You can work to capacity every day. And if you learn to enjoy it, the only way I know how to do that is changing association and paying in pleasure with Lista Hayden, that's the great. Once you make that transition, you'll be enjoying life. Way more than them. That's what they don't understand. So that's going to give you the motivation. Then you need belief. And there's a few things that come from getting the belief. You have to believe you can do it. And the way you get belief, I look at it like this. First thing you want to do to increase your belief is you have to first you need exposure. You need to be around it. So, one of the first things I did when I was trying to come up is I moved to New York. I moved to this area called a Forest Hills and Queens. And even though it was in Queens, it was like a rich area. I think Donald Trump went to school there and shit because he grew up a million there. And there was like, I had this small department there. Super small. The reason I could afford it is because it was right next to the train. I could hear that the long-out of the railroad go by seemed like every few minutes of a few times an hour. And if the TV was on, you would have to pause it because you couldn't hear it past the train. And I would hear it all the time all night or whatever. That's why I was cheap but across those train tracks, big mansions. And I would like ride my bike through those mansions. I would take the scenic route through those mansions to go to the gym, New York's Forest Club on all street in Forest Hills. And people who live in those mansions would be there. I got exposure to it and it started to be more real when I started to feel it. It's difficult to believe you can accomplish this go if you're in the hood. And the next part of that is proximity. So at some kind of way you need to get around people who are doing it. I don't care if it's joining a mass of my joining a group of people getting immense or anything that's show you it is real. I remember when I was first trying to build my own fitness business, I became friends with a dude named Elliott Holtz. It became like a mentor like a big brother to me. And I saw that he was a millionaire from all my fitness and I was like fuck, he's doing it. And I believed it. He was a tan colored black guy like me. From the, he was from New York and he was a millionaire and he did it. And I was like, oh shit. This is real, this can really happen. And he gave me a lot of game, gave me a lot of tips on how to build it. So he, he shortened my learning curve as well. The next thing you need after you increase your belief is you have to raise your standards because you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. You won't rise to your ambitions. You're going to fall to your standards. We need to raise our standards, right? So it has to become a must. It can't be like, oh, I'm trying to do this. Now, we're not tri-babies. We're either going to do it or not. And the best way is to do that is honestly, is to increase the pain, make it a must. Now, later in this video, I'm going to some more tactical stuff. This is higher. But so the best way to do that, we already talked about it. List of hate. And then listen, negative visualization. I know people talk about positive visualization. But what if you did some negative visualization? What if you really thought about how bad it would be if you didn't accomplish his goals? Just the worst it can happen. It's serious about this. If you don't accomplish it. Something I think about is, you know, once my son is older, right now he thinks I'm the man. He thinks I'm the coolest motherfucker a lot. But he's a kid. He said, he don't really know shit. You know what I'm saying? Now, he's still right. But I'm just saying his based off limited knowledge. But what if he's older, right? Well, I still be as influential. What I'd be as influential as the rappers or the celebrities. I want to be the most influential person in his life. And I know if I'm not, then he may be negatively influenced by these motherfucking, whoever the celebrity is or vloggers or fucking streamers, motherfucking out here acting like Jack Hasses or whatever. I need to be so motherfucking dope that when he sees me, he's like, now, now my dad said, this is a fuck with little someone so say, my dad said, this is the way to do it. And he's the motherfucking man. That's just one way to do it. But you want to make it a must. Because you don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. So we need to increase the pain. Because if you're just, I'm trying to do this. You would try baby, man. And you're not going to get it. You don't get what you want. You get what you have to have. The last thing you need to do is actually plan your goals. When I say plan them, I mean, plan in every step with deadlines for each step. So in the description to something we have something called the Victory Ambition Planner. This is just example data. So each column, what you want to do is put each goal here. And then you put out each step to each goal. And then in each step, you put a deadline to each step. That's important part. A deadline to each step in the goal. Then you have then, and once you put a deadline to each step, it might be a big goal. So you know, plan out to an end of the year, plan out to an end of the year, make it 90 days, 90 day increments. And what you can do with you can click this tab and show you, here's what you got to do this month. Here's the things on the dock at this month. And you'll see all the tasks you have to do and what goal they're assigned to. And then what you want to do is you want to estimate how long is going to take you to do these things each step. And then put that when you're going to do it in your calendar. Right. Put when you're going to do it in your calendar. And then you in the month or you can do it by this week. So I'll go to this week. And let's say this one right here. Cash, little fruit for questions. Well, once you started boom, you're moving it in progress. And then you see that you see that this one, let's say it's not started. And the date, we didn't start. So we got to pick a new do date for this. I made this like a week ago. So we changed the do date no problem. This is way, if you don't hit the goal, you can change it. Boom, design unique. Dumbo, let's say this is in progress. Let's say set up, play listen or not. It's kind of understand. This is done. And then boom, now we can see what we're at. With a part and we can see what we're at for the week. And this is what you can you can stay on track. And then you can hit the progress bar and see where all your tasks were you're at. So there's different graphs here. Now these are mostly like for the one time test. That's what the ambition plan is for. The other part is the success tracker. So in this, the success tracker, you can do the daily habits that you need to do each day. So you can track, all right, how many hours you worked on your goal, how much income you may then you know, I have some health markers in it because you got to have a fitness go boom, so man, so it's always put the workout. Did you work out in that boom? And then it gives you the checklist. You know, do you have your cars, proteins, effects? And this is dynamic. You put your calories burned. If you're tracking how many calories you burn each day. And you should be with it like ordering a womb or Apple watch. You put that in here and then you put how many calories you consume. Obviously you should be tracking your macros. You're not tracking your site. And they'll tell you if you're in a clore of deficit or surplus for instance. So this change is based off what you put in. So you put in your calories fat. You say he had let me change the fat to 70. You see all of these change. The calories you consumed and the deficit. It adds up. You got to put in the macros. The calories you show up here. And then you put in how many burn and show you deficit. And then you put your weight in here. And you can add more substance to this tracker. But you don't want to do it. You don't want to fuck up. You don't want to edit the weight. And you don't want to change the income because this chart is to go with this. So with this one, this is actually real data for one of my one of one clients. This part is real data. The other one was dummy data. But this is real data. So we show how much money he was making each day. Boom. He was moving up every day. And this one was moving down. So it's like this in this chart is dynamic. And my change is to like 10,000. You'll see the chart moves. So it's dynamic. You don't want to fuck with that. You just want to put your numbers in. And the chart will be associated with that. You can download this free. And then what happens is if you're tracking your habits each day, you can add more habits if you want. All you got to do if you want to add more habits. You just click this. Add more habits that you want to track. But you see at the bottom we have averages. We have how much they check it. You know, it's really cool. And then you can also change the goals. But this is that now we can actually look at our goals and see how far we are on each one of these. We can see where we're in progress. What's done? What's not? We can look at everything. We can see what we have to do this month. And we're at. We see what we have to do this week. And we're at. And this will we can see our progress. And we can measure it. It's 100% free. Link in the description. But you also got to put the shit in your calendar as well. So here's what you download this. Click the recess tracker. And now go watch my video on time management in your calendar. Go check that out right now.

=== FILE: Don't Buy a Watch Until You See This Tier List [DxsNEzQrjDU].txt ===

Casio is not a baller watch, but I really like it. Okay, I would buy Casio. How do I know I would buy Casio? Let me show you. Because that might have more fucking tastios. I might have more G-shocks than anyone you know. I like watches a lot. I started getting into watches maybe five years ago, like right before the pandemic, my boy Derek Moneyberg gave me a Rolex. They just, for that I just wore Apple Watch all the time. I started the right time pieces. I got into watches that I got like deep into it. I've spent a hundred thousand dollars on watches and I probably spend more time thinking about watches than normal for someone. So in this video I'm gonna rank and break down every watch a brand. Some jerk, some dummy. It's thinking of typing right now. Man, I could just look at my phone until the time. Yeah, two things. One, we're not all addicted to our phones, man. A lot of us put our phones away in live life off the internet and we still like the till time under those circumstances. Another thing is like wearing a watch a timepiece. It's to say somebody can face certain things to other people. I've walked into places, talked to people. People would talk about one of my watches with is one of my apes or my RN or even my Rolex. We get in conversation about watches, maybe he's a watch guy and I've legitimately made deals with those people. Like head business deals. Made money from context I made from having a watch. I was on first class, not long ago. So in first class and the guy next to me had a Rolex yacht mess. We started talking about watches. He saw my watch. We started talking about it and we working on doing some money together now. It's something you won't understand. Right? You need to like you legit won't understand it unless you're in that world. And if you're not in that world, maybe you should shut the fuck up. Because this is some shit you don't know about. This is some shit you don't know what you don't know. Right? Before I get into this, I want to also say, hey man, I do not buy watches as investment pieces. I ain't out of your flipping watches. That's how I like some broke boy shit. Right? All the watches I have I keep forever. I'm not out here trying to make money off watches or speculate on them. If you're going to speculate on some of my read you by like leap call options on QQQ. That's a way better speculation than investing in watches because I know a lot of you got hurt doing that. So here's the rank is system. Trash me cool but not for me. Would buy baller and balling out of control and I got a bunch of watch brands here and we're going to go through them. So what's about? All the more pecky it. A.P. I think personally a.P. is my favorite man. Balling out of control. I think it's the best. I'm not saying it's the best. In general, this is my list. If you think otherwise that's cool man. Make your own fucking list and build on YouTube channel with over a million subscribers so you can promote the watches you like. I'm talking about the ones I like. I like A.P. I have two so far. Let me show you. Hey, I want you guys to know A.P. did not sponsor this video. No, it is sponsored video. I'll take the money. 90s brands have paid me. So my first A.P. This is a royal oak offshore. This is the a linking cup edition. What I like about this one, it's super masculine but it's also conga classy and also super tough and it's titanium. So this is light as a feather. So I do the time when I first bought this I probably wore this every day for like a year. I had a roller set at the time and this watch took these were my only two watches. And I wore this all the time. I love it. I still wear it all time. It still might be my favorite one because it's so light. I never see this anywhere. I get a lot of compliments from like watch guys when they catch me with it because the dial is so unique for A.P. because it's that a leaky cup edition and there's only been a thousand of these made. I like all A.P. men. Royal Oaks, offshore's chronograph. Now I have another A.P. all the watch guys are gonna hate me for this. But I have a bust-down. Oh, really? Oh, people want to say they don't put diamonds on your watch. It's meant this and we don't do that. Like people don't put diamonds on it. The jewelers do this and then we buy it. And it's gonna decrease the value. We watch maybe I bought this second hand. Oh, so right. I know it's not classy. I know you watch guys hate this. But you're not supposed to like it. The person who will buy something like this. You probably from the street. You're probably the, you know, for me, I grew up, like I'd allow them a lot of guys with this. I think it looks cool but I grew up in this and a different environment than you. You move fucking suburban nerds. And that's supposed to like, it's actually not for you. It's the same reason in the 90s you didn't wear fubu. It's because it wasn't for you. Like, this is for us. Also, you should only buy this if you like fucking big booty Spanish. How do I know that? Because my, my big booty let thing that girl picked this one out. I was gonna buy some classy. This was my, I love it from our 40th birthday to commemorate the beginning of my midlife crisis. I thought this would be a good start at a hunt. I was on the buy some classy. But my big booty let thing that girlfriend she's like, hi Poppy. Me, who's the tango? Oh, they're all right. All right cool. All right, baby. Clap the ass and then pay for it. It's all right. And I, I love it. I love wearing it. You don't wear this everywhere. You wear this when you go to a to one in crazy restaurants in Miami or the strip club. That's where that's where it is. You know, if you don't like it, get not supposed to like. In fact, all you guys on the internet talking about how you don't like this, this kind of shit, you know, if you're not the fuckers like that, we wouldn't like it. You know what I mean? It's kind of like when y'all started saying bling bling, you know what I mean? We immediately stop. Now y'all don't think what's saying it. If you want us to stop doing this, all you gotta do is you start wearing yo doke. Yes, we will stop immediately. But, so yo nerdy ass would want to hit. Me is this for us, man. You're not supposed to like it. Now somebody in the communist thing you're the same. If you got so much money, why not just get factory diamonds. That's what you all do. Yo, see us doing something. Say is bad. But it's cool when y'all do it. I think Elvis is an example when everybody hated like America was called in Rock and Roll and blues the devil music. But one soon as bucket Elvis in the Beatles started doing it, it's all good. Now I see I work. Stone is doing me work about it. You know what's supposed to like it? Get it. Get it. Get it right on one. I like El, AP's my favorite. Let's move on. We're gonna go to Rolex. I think Rolex is balder. Rolex is dope. This was actually my first luxury watch. It is they just and it was given to me by my one of my best friends Derek Moneyberg. I've working on it with the marketing for a product you just put in and it did over million dollars and you know as a thank you. He bought me this and this is a watch I'll keep it ever. I like Rolex is in general. My next roast is probably gonna be this new yacht master. It's a titanium yacht master. It looks kind of like a regular submariner. But it's one of Rolex's first titanium watches. All my luxury watches are like trophies to me. So I only buy them when I accomplish some some kind of gold or some big achievement. Right. So this was a year we broke some records and business. This was my 40th birthday. Oh, I was supposed to live to be 40. A lot of my friends like real with that and I was able to do that so you got to celebrate that. This was my boy's million dollar launch which is really good. Yeah, I like Rolex a lot. I think I think Rolex is balder. Let's go Cartier. Cartier is balder. I love Cartier. I love Cartier. I love their jewelry. As you can see I got I got a bunch of different Cartier bracelets and I love their watches. Specifically, I love the Santos. I have two. So this one was a 41st birthday gift from one of my business partners, Amber Montral star. She knew I like these watches that I wear this all the time. Cartier Santos. I'd love this watch. And then my girlfriend bought me this one. This is a new one. This was just released recently. This is Santos with a brow dial. This release recently at watches and wonders a few months ago. This is gonna be a hot take. What I'm about to say. Like these are both entry level watches. The day just and the Santos. The Santos is way better than the day just. If you're thinking about getting the a Rolex in like the $10,000 range, I think the Santos is a better watch. Let me explain. One, I think it looks cooler. I like I love the bracelet and release this and where you can change the bracelet. Cartier invented that. So you can put leather bracelet on this immediately. Right? Or I can put a leather bracelet on this one instead of this rubber one. Just like having more than one watches. Like one of my boys has the Santos. He had this bracelet on. They had a great bezel and a white dial. Seeing them again, it was like, oh, you got another watch. Now he just had a different strap on it. So you can get more out of it. You get a hundred meters water resistance. The nerves will correct me from wrong. I believe Cartier invented the wristwatch. Cartier, the effective cart to scardy Santos is the best wristwatch. If $10,000 is my budget, I don't think a Rolex is better than the Santos. That's a personal thing. Rolex may have a different kind of prestige for people. I love Cartier Santos. I'll probably end up with a lot more before I die. If I die one day, let's go now. Let's move on to T-cell. T-cell. I'll put this in wood butt. How do I know I would buy? So this is the T-cell PRX. This is the Chronic Adversion. These watches cost, oh no, $1,200. They had the quick change system just like the Cartier Santos. These are automatic watches. Chronic Adversion. You can get a version of it as watch. There's not a chronograph for like $300. I love it. In fact, I've gifted this watch to many people. And it looks super cool. They look kind of like the royal oak. It's similar. But it's not so similar that it looks like a fake royal oak. That's what you don't want. Let's move on. Okay, let's go to Casio. Casio is not a baller watch. But I really like it. Okay, I would buy Casio. How do I know all about Casio? Let me show you. Because I might have more of the T-cells. I might have more than anyone and the only ones I really like. There's $2100 series. Right? Sometimes they call it is the Casio. I've actually talked to the brand and they said they don't like what people call them Casio. So I'm going to stop doing that after said I. They have sent me two watches before in the past to review. Obviously, I've given so many of these away. I wear them all the time, especially when I would like my niece, I'm a nephew of my son. Because it's something I don't want to wear. I love to rewatch when I'm with them because don't know about you when it gets killed over a G-shock. You know what I'm saying? I wear one of my lovely watch and I got a kid on someone in front of my niece. She's going to live with that forever, man. So I wear the dress wear something that somebody's not going to do some stupid or wrist there like over. But these are super dope. Honestly, I love these watches. I wear them all the time. Especially if I'm going to do something to really active or something that I'm going to get dirty doing. I wear these at the range. I wear these when I ride at ATVs. Y'all, mama's house. Any places like real filthy or dirty. I'm probably going to have a walk. Or if I'm in the hood, like I took my girl to the South Side of Chicago, we were doing some from one of my cousins and I took this South Side of Chicago. I was like, hey listen, you need your Rolex and your jewelry in this hotel. I know these people. All right. Don't do it. And I was definitely on a cat's yellow, you know. Oh, but there's another cat's yellow light. So check this out. They have a, it's cats' yellow eyes a brain. It doesn't get a lot of love. It's called the edifice. And it's like a step up in class from the G-Shock. And man, I love these watches. So you know, this is competitive with the T-SOUL. Only the difference is this is a quartz movement. And it's not automatic. But I really like these watches, man. If you're looking for one nice watch that you wear everywhere, you don't have to worry about you wear with a suit. Look into the Casio edifice for the disclosure, Casio sent me this one. I fucks with the brand they fuck with me. It's a cool watch. You know, if I, if I wear anything purple, I'll probably get this watch on. Let's go citizen. I think citizen is cool, but not for me. They make some cool watches. There's a few that I really like. I think they have one called the high food or some shit. They have one with integrated bracelet, this similar, the T-SOUL PRX. The T-SOUL SUSA is a nice watch. It's just not for me. PRX. If you're looking for some a watch under a thousand dollars, I don't think there's much to compete this. But I can see how somebody, you can make the case that some citizen watches can be competitive. Somebody made, I can see us in one, make the case. They're doing some cool things. And I think at some point it might get to this category, but right now it's cool. It's just not for me. It's go tag. Again, cool, but not for me. I really like some of the new watches that came out with, especially those glass box, those new carerers that came out with. I like them a lot, but they're kind of small. And they're just not for me, man. I mean, it's weird place of wealth. Yeah, where something either has to be expensive or cheap. I don't know, it's a weird place. Like, a lot of these mid tier brands, like $5,000 watchers, they're just not for me. Here's the thing. If I'm just been $5,000 on a watch, I don't think that those $5,000 watches are better than the T-SOUL PRX. They're not, you know, five times as good as even if they are better. When you buy it, let me rewatch it's not just the watch, your pain for you also paying for the status and all that stuff. You don't get the status from the $5,000 watch. So you might as well just get the fucking T-SOUL PRX or a citizen. Right, citizen is, is here. Right. You know what? I'm a bull citizen here. Out because that, because I would consider it, but I wouldn't consider a tag because it's in that fucking price range where it's like, it's not better than a T-SOUL or the citizen, but it's way more smithed, but you don't get the prestige of Cartier Rolex in art-em-art. So it's like, I can never bring myself the bite, even though I like a lot of the watches. I think a lot of things they're doing are dope. Let's go to Brettling. This may sound like a contradiction to what I just said. I would buy it Brettling. In fact, I've been looking at this chrono-met where a long time they had this titanium chrono-met watch that I really like. And I tried it on at the store and I thought about it. It's only like fucking 10 grand. I would buy it, but it's like, I'm just, I mean, it's a weird place where I got fucking Rolexes. I got APs and I got Richard Mills and I was like, I don't know how much wrist time it would get. So the spin, more than a thousand dollars on a watch that I don't know was going to get a lot of wrist time sounds. I don't know. It's typical for me to justify that purchase. For me, I'm gonna put Bryson here because I definitely can pin considering it. Borgery. I would buy. No, man, I'm gonna more borgery to baller because of it because of the, the pho-misi-o. The octafo-misi-o, maybe Zanero. But they're fucking dope, bro. This sold, I would be like those. Some put here. Alright, Christopher Ward. I would buy it because it still is cheap, but it looks nice. Like, you can get a Christopher Ward for like a grand, that Christopher Ward 12 is a watch I like. I would buy if they make a chronograph version of the 12. I'm the first person to buy that. Right, the 12 was like their competition with the PRX, but it's more expensive and it's not a chronograph. If they make a chronograph, the moon's watch. This is dope. Like if you want to check it out, the moon's watch. This is the Snoopy, the black Snoopy edition, right? I put this shit on a mother fucking Amazon strap. Notice this strap is not from Amazon. It's from, I don't know where it is. But this shit is dope. It's like black, it looks super dope to me, man. Don't stick on the moon's watch, man. If you put a different strap on it, shit is fire. I buy so a y'all listen. On an Instagram, they follow me. We follow each other. The brand follows me and I follow them every post they post. I comment, make a chronograph version of the 12. I think I need all the y'all to go through their Instagram and tell them to make a chronograph version of the 12. Yeah, let's go on mega. I'm gonna put it in baller because I really like the moon watch. I would get one of those. I had it, but I would get one of those, but what I really like. The James Bond, no time to die, see Master. I almost bought that a few times and I almost bought a planet ocean chronograph. There are a lot of this. I probably end up with all three y'all's watch as I said some point. Yeah, let's go U-Blo. I'm talking about U-Blo. A lot of people, they get a lot of hate and watch community. I think they make some good looking watches. They're super expensive. Let me tell you the problem with U-Blo. Let's not put in here. I'm not saying if you buy U-Blo, you're scam artists. But if you are a scam artist, you definitely have or one at U-Blo. 100% of them. But just because you have U-Blo doesn't mean you're scam artists. It's just, you know, I think the big bang is good looking watch. I think they get more criticism and hate deserve. You know what I'm saying? But that's just me. You know what I mean? Who would do I know? Timeix. Poo. But not for me. However, I do have a timeix watch. I just never wear it. But I got one. This cool not for me. They make some good watches. Belly Ross. I would buy under the right circumstances. I think they make some cool watches. They make some cool watches. I'm going to move a little faster through this tutor. I would buy. I would buy a tutor. I thought about buying a few tutors that came out of new Pellagos. The race in addition. There's a Pellagros ethics decronograph that I like a lot. You know what? Here's the thing about tutor. I don't like the tutors that look like cheap Rolexes. The Pellagros ethics decs. They don't look like Rolexes at all. You know, they had the same company's own by Rolex. How would not buy a tutor that looks like a Rolex? And if I was going to buy the black made only one I would consider is the all black. All right. The black pvd one because it does look like anything Rolex made. I just don't like the one that looks like fake Rolexes or cheap Rolex. But tech belief is is definitely. I'm going to put it at ballerautic control for sure. However, I don't see myself buying one. I just like a piece better. My girl though, she wants this purple aquanaut. She saw. You got expensive taste. I mean, I like the aquanaut. The nodalists, everyone loves it. But you know the story is nodalists, right? So AP came out with the royal oak during what was called the quartz crisis. When Sakell came out with these quartz watches and it almost put the fucking watch in the automatic watch industry out of business because they would come that would cheap more accurate watches using quartz technology. And so AP came out with the royal oak. And they started marketing more as luxury items instead of like tools, which were they were before that. The whole watch industry was suffering. They almost went out of business to AP. They hired to do a name Gerald Jinsa design the royal oak. It saved AP and it brought the watch industry back to life. The tech was like, yeah, we need to get in and on this shit, right? So they hired Gerald to design a watch for them and it was called the nodalists. Just that's the thing. I think that the nodalists was the design is APs it. No, we don't want that. I think it's sloppy seconds, personally. And it looks like you mean, I think the AP is just a cooler design. But that's just me, man. I'm a who what the fuck do I know? You know what I'm saying? I like AP more than I like exactly. I think that coming out with cooler shit that Travis Scott AP. Not because the Travis Scott even if it was just knowing that that fucking brown AP is sick. They're doing what was ceramic is sick. John that John Mayer watches it is crazy. I was on a plane with a do-o at the blue ceramic AP. Yes, it was so hard. They're doing cooler shit to me. I WC, Koon Not for Me. You know, I'm a new tyrant. Time to examine it. Right. But watch this in this category. They're good watches. They're just not for me, man. I can't watch this in that $10,000 range. It's just not for me. Most of them. All right. Grant Saco. I would buy. I thought about buying a bunch of different set grand Saco's. I've been in the store all the time. And I just have it be able to pull the trigger. But there's a lot of them that I like. And it was, it was a limited edition watch. I tried to get, but I couldn't get it from the, it was sold out. But I definitely like Grant Saco. Oh, Hamilton. I would buy. Hamilton is great value for money. In fact, not only would I buy Hamilton. I have one. So this is the Hamilton watch. I have, this is my deep work watch. What I mean by that is this is watch I put on when I, when I need to work and interrupt it, you know, how about you to make the watch as for the US military, like doing the world wars. I should. And when I'm doing deep work and I'm working super hard on something, I put on this watch. Because I'm on the war against poverty. I'm going to war against mediocrity, man. And Hamilton is the best way. Yeah. I got, I got to go back to America's roots. So this was the watch that the do use to where you were on that Amazon show Jack Jack Ryan. He was killing terrorists. I think I never watched this shit. But it is just a cool watch man. And I got it off eBay, new, I got it off eBay for like $700. This dope. I like it lots of chronograph. I really fucked with it. Super dope. Blanc, PAN. I would buy y'all. There's actually one that I want. The, on, bath of scan. Oh, which are mil. Oh, man. Which are mil's ball now. Like a troll, brother. You know, I got one. I got the RM29. Elon Musk had this watch. He used to wear this watch. And he said he doesn't wear watch anymore. He's building Tesla right off the so PayPal. He ruined his watch. I like it a lot. I think daddy Yankee used to have that when he was porn gasolina on chicks. Yeah, this watch. I've seen a picture of Kevin Harwood's watch. This is a good watch. It's simple. But it says the right thing to the right person. I love it. It's titanium and it's super light. The watch is I wear them most. It's this AP in this RN. But yeah, I love our love Richard Mill watches. They're expensive. You know, that's part of it, man. This is a watch. You don't wear this watch to tell time. You wear this watch to tell people how valuable your time is. JLC. Cool, but not for me. You know, they have a lot of history and watch. They can shoot with this. Not for me. A weird cycle. A lot of people like it's cool, but it's not for me. In cycles, price range. Nothing is beaten. It's pt so PRX. I think it just crushed everything in that price range. Now the difference between cycle and grand cycle is kind of like the same difference between Rolex and Tudor. So grand cycle is to Rolex with sake. Oh, it's the Tudor. It's really just there. Budget friendly brand Chanel trash. I would never buy a watch from one of these brands. Um, Hermes did do some cool stuff. But I still got to put it in men for right now. For lova, cool, but not for me. Long jeans, cool, but not for me. Not my black man. Paget. Me. Tudor your underdog. Right. This is a small brand out of London. And I would buy. How do you know I would buy? Because I bought them. They're about two of their watches. This one is dope. This one I bought specifically because I had a super-dimages. I have a soup this color and I like the way that suit with with a shirt this color. And I just like this chronograph. This is another like dress that you're watching. And this is their field watch. I like I like the brands the small independent brand out of London. They make cool shit. But also we got Zena. Zena makes some cool shit, man. But it's just not for me. It's only about the five to $10,000 range is like I just can't justify it over a citizen or a cycle. Right? Because the brands in that five to $10,000 range, they're not better enough to justify the price over a T-Solo or a citizen. And they don't give you the same prestige. Something else you can get for that same price. I don't like them way better than the citizen or T-Solo. I definitely don't like them better than a Cartier. And they fall in between it. It's like I just can't justify the purchases. Swatch. I would buy. Especially after saying that everybody's like, why? Because I have a bunch of moons watches. Right? So I had the key to smooths watch. Is you got to put a different band on this shit. So here's the moons watch. I put a gray band of Amazon's tons of them. Just get a different band and they look kind of cool. I think. Also have the collaboration watch they would blockpond because they own this company. So this is the diver. I put just put a different strap on here. They're kind of cool, man. Honestly, the moons watch and the blockpond if you put a different strap on there is fantastic. All right. Let's keep moving. F.P. John cool, but not for me. Okay. I would buy a few. I've seen a few did I like. Oh, bro watch. This is a small brand out of New York. And I would buy it. How do I know I buy it? Because I bought one. I bought this one. It's super cool, man. It's a chronograph. It's an integrated bracelet. It's a cool little watch, man. It's a little small on me. So I'll probably end up giving it away. But I like it. I think it's a cool looking watch. Oh, sin. This is a brand out of Germany. It's a few watches I would buy. You know what folks would mean? They used to make watches for the German military. I don't know if I could do it. It's not so that whenever it might not be for me. You know, I don't want to wear the watch Hitler was wearing it. I'm not saying he was wearing it. But they used to make it for the German military. And I think it was the room where it was. Don't call me or sue me if I'm wrong. Oh, bash run. Yeah, bash run. Bash run is baller. I mean, that's run is balling that like a show. Man, they make some dough watches. I'll probably have a overseas at some point. Invict the trash or it's or it's make some cool watches, but it's not for me. Oh, freight Mueller. Yeah. And first, we can not say, yo, they make some cool watches. Honestly, man, I consider this, right? They're cheap enough. We're I can just keep consider them. Nobody talks about this brand, right? So it's not really known. But yeah, they make a cool watch called the highlight. I like it a lot, man. Oh, ball tick. Okay, ball tick is cool. But now for me. I know them. Fuck the rest of these brands. I don't I'm not familiar here enough with them. This is my list of watch brands. You know what I'm saying? If you're on a budget, man, sake. Oh, look at if you're on a tight tight budget. Look at the moon, the tightest of budgets. Look at Casio, either for the G shocks, but you don't sleep on the edifice. Tell me, man, they don't get a lot of publics. But if you're on a super budget, that if you got a little bit extra money, really check out the T-COP RX. I don't think it's a better watch. I'm a under $1,000. All the watches in the $5,000 price range, I was still picked and P T-COP RS over. I love it. Yeah. So I would buy these. You know, I'm thinking about our Brent Lean. Yeah, Christopher War makes a chronograph. I mean, I might buy one of these one day. But these are my favorite Rolex Cartier. Boll agree. I know that might be weird, but you know, the act of Famici Mo, who like it a lot. I know I might be saying any world, but I really like it. And that's the personal thing. I like Omega, but my favorite is Audemars, Richard Meill, doesn't my favorite. And I put these up here just because, you know, they're reputation proceeds themselves. Hey, you need to learn how to get or money to get these watches. And I have a video to show you exactly how to do that right now. Go check it out.

=== FILE: EXTREME FAT LOSS Get Ripped For Summer in 2 weeks! [7mWpTsr6qwc].txt ===

Summer is almost here and some of you guys may be thinking hey, it's too late for me to get in shape I'm gonna show you how you can get in shape. This is the fastest way to get ripped for summer But warning this will not work if you will or This is gonna be the most difficult fat loss protocol You've ever went through and most y'all ain't tough enough to do it. You're gonna talk shit in the comments Oh, this is too much for me. This too much blah blah blah blah Can't do this for whatever reason. I'm a If you see somebody in the comments talking that super shit I want you to shame them mercilessly. I'm gonna show you how you can get ripped within like two weeks But it's gonna be very difficult. I don't believe in sustainable fat loss I think that's stupid. These Fitness influencers if fitness guys, man, you need to do something sustainable It's such a B***t up Because the loose fact you have to be the glory deficit which is a mild form of starvation What a f*** you want us to stay in starvation? How about you stop being a b***? And you should get ripped as fast as possible and then sustain your ideal way Why would you want the diet to take longer than it needs to? This is gonna be an aggressive cut and I came over this protocol back when I was a fitness model back when I was young and beautiful My 20s. I'm old now. I'm 42 but in my 20s I model for Nike pooma Brand Jordan Adidas and a bunch of other shit Sometimes the agency would hit me and say, yeah, man, you got this shoot. It's like two weeks from now and I'm like I'm not in fitness model shape right now because I used to drink in party and at crazy back then So I was like oh shit. I got a Did a shake them two weeks and for through trial and error I came over this protocol. I've also ran hundreds of people through this protocol Matter of fact. I want to show you an example. This is right. Look how f*** fatty was two weeks later He looked like this. We had him do Dexus scan before and a Dexus scan after and you can see but he's with all 6.3 pounds in two weeks A fact why not lose muscle at all and that's because he did the protocol on about the share with you now To be clear this is going to be the most difficult protocol you have ever went through You can do this to get in shape for summer you can do this to get in shape if you have a vacation You want to go on in two weeks or if you got a photo shoot like I used to have to do I used to have to do photo shoots And I need to be super rip in two weeks or two weeks from now you just want to flex on the haters It's done on the host Corries one of my students why teach have a girl all not been as business He wasn't making as much money as I went and I was like that's because you kind of fat you need to get a little Embedders shape and I put him through this protocol and then after that you got super rip and he started making way more money Here's the protocol. It consists of a ton of cardio which you might have imagined and the worst diet You'll ever go through the same look some 12 week love yourself diet You know this ain't some shit that you're gonna enjoy you're gonna hate every moment of this shit If you want some diet plan or workout plan that you would enjoy then go find some like skinny white girl Is the grand by her protocol you and the mark and go through that this is gonna be Car core the first part of this is diet So what you're gonna do is you have to track your Calories and macros we're not necessarily worried about the calories as much with the calories I'm gonna be super low. I want you to focus on protein because we want to retain as much muscle as possible during this time you're gonna get 1.2 grams of Protein per pound of lean body mass how do you know how much lean body mass you have you're gonna go to Chad jippity they're gonna upload a photograph for yourself You want to say the Chad jippity as to mate my current body fat percentage is better if you go get a dexus scan or If you know how to use the calibers you can do that or if you have an in body machine Little inaccurate, but it's cool enough. This is fine. I'll blow the picture yourself which is shirt off and ask Chad jippity estimate your current body fat percentage you put that in there blah blah blah It estimate between 68% range which judge for this picture Yeah, probably you look at the side abs though bleaks damn I'm buying his head alright then you're gonna sing you're gonna have Chad jippity do Math for you. I weigh 200 pounds. No one my body fat percentage. How much lean mass would you estimate? I'm holding and boom if you 200 pounds 68% body fat lean body brace all the formula now whatever just give me the number and it's gonna estimate is between 184 and 188 pounds of lean body mass I usually as a calculator What's 186 times 1.2 boom all right so it is how much protein I need per day that's it you want to get it's close to zero Fat and it's close to zero carbohydrates as possible this is based off something called the protein Sparing modified fast this was a diet protocol that was evetted by doctors when they had to do operations on Super obese Like big fat will There's like god damn we can't cut away all this The lumber so they will put them on the protein sparing modified fast. It was invented by doctors This is modified a little bit for bodybuilding because we want you to retain more muscle so it's higher protein and normally But it's based off that it really works the problem is with the traditional protein sparing modified fast You're gonna lose more muscle, but with this protocol with the protein so high you're gonna retain a lot more How do you get that much protein while keeping your carbohydrates and your fats as close to zero as possible again? Like I said before you should is not sustainable So think so this is just gonna you should up somebody's thing to type in that just shut the F*** up you only do this for two weeks dumb ass you can you can smell crap for two weeks and it won't be harmful to you long term is what you do her bitch you will eat the accounts right? We're gonna do this quick this is gonna be two weeks no more if you smoke crack two weeks You're probably gonna end up doing it two three years maybe two decades It's habit for me. This is not so how do you do that? What do you eat so here's some some of the things you can consume What you're gonna be in is Leem meats we're talking turkey breasts. I know gross skinless chicken breasts egg whites, you know some fish Like to Lopia a most seafood is really good is mostly protein most seafood lobster crab Just don't dip it in the butter and shit when I do this I really leaned on way Isolate protein mixing a water way isolate not way protein, but way isolate right because it has Zero carbs and zero fats is just all protein, but you can also have unlimited Green leafy vegetables so you can eat as much asparagus as you want you can eat as much broccoli as you want Colleen flowers except those not green, but that's the exception to the color rule Benage as much as much as much kale as you want the problem is you can't put salad dressing on the shit You can't put oil or butter on the shit right because we want to keep our fats as close to zero Sposable without the fat is gonna taste gross. That's why it's diet is so difficult It means really really difficult most people can't make it through it But if you can you will read the rewards you can use condiments like a hot sauce has no calories Vientagers Stivia you know most artificial sweeteners with moderate because some of them have some calories and Spicy mustard has no calories fucking salt and shit right has no calories and as far as liquid is concerned I'm sorry you can drink as much water as you want watering. I know fat you can drink coffee You just can't put sugar in it or cream teas if you British all right Diet soda pre-worked out so far and you feel pretty work as you're gonna need a lot of them if you want you can add bread Shaino me though assets exogenous ketones all that stuff as long as you don't have calories you're good And that's good diet that alone will put you in a deep deep deep Colloric deficit that's the main point It's gonna be a two week long protocol, but you're gonna have one refeed day in the middle of it All right so you're gonna do it six days Do you have a refeed day The reason you want to have a refeed day because your calories are gonna be super low and if you do that for too long Sometimes it can take it not your hormones out of whack here's how you're gonna do the refeed day You're gonna keep the protein exactly the same and we're gonna increase the calories with fat on your refeed day You want to take your body weight in pounds multiplied by 15 that's how many calories you want you want on your Refeed day keep your protein the same rest of the calories will come from fat right so this is the day you can eat fatty meats You can put butter on your shit you can put sauces on your ship, right as long as it doesn't have carbs You still want to keep our carbs as low as possible because what's gonna happen is you're gonna be in basically In ketosis and we want you to remain in ketosis What happens when you're in ketosis your body is using fat for fuel right, but Benefit it because ketosis that's a pertain to this diet ketosis is is when your body is using ketosis for fuel see on a traditional Western diet when you are Consuming carbohydrates your body Virtues carbohydrates in the glucose or glycogen and that glucose is the fuel your body runs on and the absets of glucose Your liver was so we create something called ketones where it's converting fat in To fuel and that's the new fuel your body runs on when you are in ketosis your hunger levels dropped dramatically And this tons of studies to prove this But it's gonna be beneficial on this diet because your calories are gonna be super low from it Does that make sense so we want to even though you're on your refeed day We want to stay in ketosis so we want to avoid carbohydrates Your basic and be doing keto on this day Then you're gonna go and write back to it to the main protein-spirium modified fast after this you're gonna do that on day seven and then you get right back into this Should on day eight that's the diet is pretty simple, but it's super difficult I'm telling you most of your eyes aren't helping up the duty so you can't handle it You be creating something in your mouth all the time like your mind But if you're tough enough to withstand those cravings you'll reap the benefits now We've already put yourselves in a deep deficit with the diet. We'll take it up a notch Matter of fact a couple notches with the workout so week one you are going to walk 20,000 steps a day. I know what you're thinking how to one do that You go to gym in the morning walk on a treadmill for 90 minutes maybe two hours you're gonna walk You know when I did this shit I used to walk around New York 72nd street all the way down to like one world trade center and back in our walk in the morning You know and that walk is over 200 blocks, but it was cool to walk in the city. It was a bike path The whole time so I'm just walking on a bike path on the Mixed river or I done it through central park you know I've walked from ground central park me You don't know on the west side you can walk from diamond to the lower east side But if you live in a nice city where you walk it then walk outside if you don't then get on a fucking trip It'll just walk for hours. I'll get my iPad out don't let's him you two. I'm watching shit Just walk for hours you can track your step in the iPhone all you gotta do is open the health app Until you have many steps you walk for day. It does it automatically if you don't have iPhone Merrard and joy would do it too. I have a Samsung phone I think my Android do it, but if not I'm sure it is apps that attract your step, right? You can also track your steps with you to app watch or the Samsung watch also if you got the Samsung watch Throw that away me You know but you ever got you wearing a sample Sun watch Pussy repellent right there though none dry up with a giant as fast as in a Samsung watch if Johnny Samsung is watching this you pay me the money. I'll say that shit is dope. I got both. I don't live a life of scarcity It's kind of like people ask me what you like ass or titties and I'm like what my girl We're got a fat ass in some fat titties. I don't live a life of scarcity now. I hear picking and choosing Get both play a your first week 20,000 steps a day is gonna take hours of walking one thing I used to do when I had this is if I had I had a treadmill desk While I was working taking meetings. I was on a treadmill if you don't got this shit man Fiverred out my f*** I said this was gonna be difficult and you can get your kids involved get your family involved you can walk it dog Love being outside you walk with your kids make it a family thing you can walk your girlfriend like downgoedy now We too you're gonna step it up. We're gonna walk 40,000 steps a day I know what you think it and you're right that is very difficult but you will burn a tremendous amount of calories You'll put yourself in a deep deep the glory deficit and everyone was saying you can't do it We've done it. I did it Brian did it. I used to sell a fitness course called the Terminator 2 week diet And this was the protocol and hundreds of people did it 40 day have steps a day some of them Tiny women is shit tiny white women tougher than you maybe if you over here crying about walking Then probably you were tough hate you that's what you've fat now. That's how you ended up on this video Faboy now that's just the cardio the reading when I do in high intensity cardio You can only do it for a certain amount of time if you ran a mile you only burn like a hundred calories on average But how many miles you gonna run you can walk for longer? You can run and in the long-term you will burn more calories. How many calories does the average person burn if they walk 40,000 steps thousand steps can burn a significant number of calories But the exact amount varies greatly depending on individual factors. Here's a breakdown Oh man, I wish that would have just got to the point. I'm a skip to the end Stafford First World burn between 16,000 and 24,000 calories if they walk 40,000 steps That's a lie because you got remember already in a deep deficit and you got to remember for every pound of fat You want to lose you have to burn extra 3500 calories. This is Burn like 10 pounds into weeks, right? It's not sustainable. Now that's just the cardio There's no way you're gonna do high intensity cardio burn over it Like thousands of times a calorie calories and even if you did you won't be able to do millenels that day But if you do this man you burn more calories You could do it every day without getting sore without harming your joints You're not gonna be running miles every day, bro Unless you David Gogg is and you've been training for it I should you will need new sneakers last time I did this I needed new sneakers after week one like there was a hole in my sneakers And at about another pair of black air force ones for week two and then after week two those sneakers were dead too Don't do this shit wearing your nice sneakers don't do this shit wearing Jordan's a shit Did you some black air force ones? Let's get it in now what about training you want to maintain as much muscle as possible So what you're gonna do is you're gonna do two or three full body workouts per week and you're gonna pick one Maybe two but one is enough if you still inclined pick two compound exercises per body part So we're talking about chest hit bench press back bent over rows or pull-ups Show the press boom legs hit the squats front squats back squats low bar high bar on the Four leg press who gets a shit then you hit the the only isolation Exercising on do you maybe you do some curls try to have extensions Cavraises that's it man and you're gonna do four set set that shit till failure to keep the rep range relatively low Six to eight reps Let's heavy because when you lift heavy and encourages your body to retain more muscle Lift heavy keep the rep range relatively low go to failure even keep rep range six to eight Make sure you cannot do nine nine should be impossible with good form you might be able to nine if you cheat or some shit You do in bed press you start doing all this shit Or you start curling you doing all this shit Turn in curls into back instantions and that's basically it man. That's that's the protocol If you do that I promise you you will get an amazing shape Here's the weird thing about this shit something changed in metabolism after it is I can't guarantee just what happened to you I did this before a summer it seemed easier to stay ripped that summer my boy brand That he said the same thing. It was like he kept losing fat even though he wasn't trying to and for me It was just I started bulk enough to this but I stayed super lean I'm not saying that I happen for you but some people have reported that including myself I'm not trying to sell you anything I'm giving you this for free now here's the thing you're going to need some supplements when you're on his diet And it's critical if you don't take these supplements you're going to fuck your shit up the mandatory supplements Sodium right because our carbohydrates are going to be so low you have to increase sodium magnesium and potassium Where we have to have our electrolytes way up see the main reason people say man I'm so weak when I did keto when I cut carbs like a week the main reasons because you need to up your sodium intake Well, happens is when your carbide just allow you start flushing a lot of water weight So you're going to lose water weight too on this protocol and that's not insignificant You will look better with less water water weight. This is why bodybuilders dehydrate themselves before they go on stage Shit right for sodium you will get somewhere between 5 and 7,000 milligrams of sodium per day every other time you try to cut the carb the life you feel like shit is because you didn't do this Right you have to really increase your sodium potassium you want to get between 1,000 and 3500 milligrams of potassium daily you might take a potassium supplement if you want a sodium You can get a lot of it from hot sauce or put an extra salt on your food You have to increase magnesium you need at least 300 and 500 milligrams of magnesium a day You could just drink multiple Elementes that shit superman be selling on this podcast he paid to sell the shit I'm just telling you this easy way to get you electrolytes they don't pay me I'll take the money if I listen it you give an almani to youtubers you ain't given them an old black people is your racist? I don't know I guess we'll find out if you give me some money everyone who's saying you racist What happened shut up now? I don't know if anybody's missing they racist until just now But now they are it's out there we can't put that cat back in the bag you just got to prove that you're not racist by giving me some money The next up of you team it's fish oil It's actually a helps with a lot of things one to two grams Official oil per day and then you want to take any multivitum those are mandatory like if you do not do this It you will feel like trash the most important thing is the electrolyte you got it They're electrolytes elementing they don't want to pay me then you can get some liquid IV if they don't want to pay me body armor It's got some new shit you understand we'll see how much money they got for me or any Electrulite company that wants to give me some cash now. Here's the non mandatory supplements This is where it gets fun Warren somebody shit it get you kicked off your NCAA basketball team You understand if you were pro athlete you might want to check the regulations first is caffeine I love caffeine you're gonna have lower energy on his diet not because you're cutting cars But just the calories are gonna be so low and you're burning so many calories right so your energy is gonna be lower caffeine will help with that so you want to take two to three hundred milligrams of caffeine two to three times a day That might sound excessive to a lot of y'all. I do that shit just cuz I enjoyed on this protocol It's gonna really help you and caffeine is proven to help you you burn fat because It actually gives you more energy to move more right so you'll burn look at if you take enough of it It might approve you move too much you get that cocaine energy like me I took 300 milligrams of caffeine before I started filming this that's why this video so great the next supplement you want to take something called a fedra back in my day in the 90s when I started working out every fat burn is supplement Had a fedra in it because it's a potent fat burner. It's one of the few supplements is actually proven to burn fat Fat burn in is a two-part process is Lepolicis and oxidation so the policies when your fat cells break down in the fatty acids oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy and this tons of studies prove that a fedra Speeds up the rate of lipoluses meaning speeds up the rate that your fat cells are broken down in the fatty S and then with all the cardio you'll be doing you'll be using those fat cells for energy but it also potent hunger suppressant if you take enough of a fedra you'll you'll forget the like the hunger hunger won't be your problem And it gives you tons of energy in fact so much energy is banned by some sports leagues Like I said they used to put it in every body of the supplement people died or some shit I don't know some happen to somebody and they they made it illegal to put it in body But supplements you can still get a fedra you don't need a prescription go to the pharmacy go to the shit behind the counter the pharmacist Give it you're gonna have to give your ID make sure you're not breaking bad and you say you'll give me this stuff called Bronc aid Bronc aid is basically as my medication, but the main ingredient in it is a fedra It runs like two to three bronch aid pills per day take it with the caffeine You will be Why you'll feel amazing and you won't be hungry the next Supplement any sort of ketone supplement so exagent is ketones My favorite one is this one called ketone aid it tastes like Piss bro. I never tasted piss, but I imagine this what it tastes like you know what I imagine it tastes like you know You ever see a dumpster and there's like some juice coming out the side dumpster juice That's what it I imagine it tastes like it tastes awful you have so much energy if you take a ketone Supplement and this is very important that you take this because remember when you're in ketosis your body is using ketones for fuel as opposed to Using glucose for fuel, but it takes a little bit of time for your body to acclimate it at right? That's what someone some people cut carbs they get they say they get the ketone flu Lot of it is just they don't have enough electrolytes most of time is that but what what helps is if you are taking Exagents ketones why your body is adapting to no carbs and you're taking the magnesium Then you want to worry about the ketone flu right you'll have more energy you'll feel way better and it's also another Hunger suppressive it doesn't necessarily help you burn any more fat not directly like it doesn't Milt the fat of your body, but it makes you less hungry so you'll be able to stick to your diet easier So ketone aid is my favorite if you want to get a different sort of ketone supplement That's why I recommend ketone aid so we have bronch aid and ketone aid and get the caffeine for many source you want you can take caffeine pills you can take pre workout Pre workout like I like this one called total war because it got some shit in it that makes my fucking eyeballs tingle Back my ball start to twitch Mmm, that's the stuff that's what I need it right if you don't want your eyeballs to tingle Then you can get this this other pre workout that I like is called woke AF I like it They got some good flavors when I have my sublimit company. We have the same manufacturers or any pre workout as long as it's got enough caffeine you know Selfie is only as 200 milligrams of caffeine light work So you want to take all little together two to three times a day after you know this protocol If you are at the weight you want to be and you're gonna lose food they could just do maintenance for the summer for your maintenance Calories I'm a moth play you a body weight times 15 You want grandma protein per pound of body weight that's maintenance if you feel like you need to do this protocol again And somebody could do it, but just don't do it like back the back like give it like two weeks off at least for you Good back on something like this. It's not meant to be sustained. It's a crash died I'm gonna have Cory do this he was one of my students that I teach to grow their own life fitness businesses And he wasn't making this much money. He went out like I mean you kind of fly me right now, man I'm looking kind of soft got a little pills pills berry dough boys sweat if you can top off some of that fat You you probably get more clients and he did that he had his first 10 came up Right now he's doing 40 50 came up Right if you want to learn how to grow your online fitness business too. I got a free ebook To show you how to grow your online fitness business even if you don't have a lot of followers Even if you don't have a lot of experience even if you're not certified It's free Link's description's got the tank amendments of online training if you are someone who loves fitness You know something about training you know someone about working out and you would like to make a living Helping other people getting great shape as well Check that ebook out that I know they do a put you on a right path to making money is all my training

=== FILE: EXTREME Ways to Be More Productive (Do NOT Try This) [xONFlb1zjAU].txt ===

Time to get productive so you can start making some money. Stop being a lazy bitch. Fuck. If I was starting to pay, start accomplishing your goals. Achieving your dreams, but in order to do that, you need to be more productive. I'm gonna break down some of the extreme things you can do to be productive. This is definitely gonna be one of those videos. It's some nerds. Says, oh man, nobody can do that. No one has time for that. They won't clip it and react to it and say it's too much. If anybody says, in the comments, oh, there's too much just too much. Shane, those people mercilessly. They will never be successful. This is gonna be a stream's over the top. I know a little sum about ProDue. Tividi? I've used the taxes I'm gonna show you to create several multi-eight figure businesses. Bring myself out of poverty from the black ghetto of the South-sized Chicago. Two, would you see now? Once I'm millionaire, pinhouse condo Miami overlooking that Atlantic Ocean. Millions of followers, millions of dollars. Watches that cost more than you'll muck. Pfft. Let's get right into the habits that you need to be super productive. If you can become more productive, you can get more done in less time. And if one of your goals is to get rich, that's just how you get rich fast. And this is all gonna be real shit that I've done. First thing we need to focus on is your biology. To be productive, you have to use your body. If anything you want to accomplish, your body is going to accomplish this thing. We need to make sure that our body is running in tip top shape, a well-low-year-old machine. And one thing you can do to be more productive, you can have more energy is stabilize your glucose levels. So you may be saying what is glucose and what fuck do I need to stabilize the shape? And you're on the traditional American diet. You eat carbohydrates and those carbohydrates convert into glucose or glycogen. When your blood glucose levels go above 110, your pancreas secretes a hormone called insulin. Insulin's job is to flush the excess glucose out of your body. Otherwise your diet is why diet bedics, they don't make insulin. Your bodies don't make it, they have to inject it. Or otherwise they die, pass out all types of shit. The problem with that glucose and insulin spike, insulin is super indiscriminate about how it takes the glucose out of your body. It'll take it from as much as you can out of your body and out of your brain as well. And when that happens, you start to lose energy. This is why a lot of times people get super tired after they eat. Now that is the happening to me because I do the ketogenic diet. You used to happen to me when I ate like you. I've been doing keto for like eight years. Now you don't have to do keto to stabilize your glucose levels. This thing you can do to keep your glucose levels stable. Now this is an extreme advice in this video. I highly recommend you get a continuous glucose monitor. I did this for a month, right? To really just dial this in so I can be more productive. Codeshining your arm, where it's there for a month. And see how your body reacts at different foods. What spikes your glucose levels? Because you want to keep it as stable as possible. If you keep it stable, you'll have more energy and you'll be more productive. Those of you who've done intermittent fasting before, where you're like a 16 hour fast, every day, a lot of people report that they have way more energy during the fast. And then once the fast ends, it's kind of like the energy starts to go down, down hill. That's because their glucose levels are super stable during the fast. But once they start to eat, they have those glucose spikes in insulin spikes. The ketogenic diet or fasting are one way to kind of stabilize your levels. But this thing you can do even if you want to eat carbs. Here's what I recommend. If you're going to eat carbohydrates, make sure you always eat carbohydrates with protein. You have to eat them together. Right? And if you wear glucose monitor, you'll actually see this effect in real time. If you just eat carbohydrates, especially simple carbohydrates, you'll see a sharp glucose spike. Eat it with protein. Your glucose levels stay more stable. And then you'll have more energy you will accomplish your goals. Another thing you can do is go for 10-15 minutes walk after you eat. This allows your body to use up that extra glucose fast after you eat. Now that you can do it with eat more as like green vegetables. And especially if you start with green vegetables, fibers, vegetables like salad, broccoli. If you eat that before you eat the carbohydrates and the other foods, the what happens is the fiber will minimize the glucose spike. These are the few things you can do to stabilize your glucose levels. If you do that, I promise you you'll have so much more energy. I used to do intermittent fast. I did it for like five years in a row. And I was so much more productive during the fast. And then as soon as I started eating, I'm done with work. I had to get all my work done before 3 o'clock when I broke my fast. Because I knew it was kind of downhill from there. Then I went keto and it was like, oh, I had that feeling all day. Because my glucose levels were stable. You don't have to do intermittent fast. You don't want to do keto. You can't. If you want all of that advice, keep your glucose levels more stable. Stay away from sugar, candy, because you're in a dog. You're in that fucking child. You're including to my YouTube analytics. There's no women or children watching this shit. So you motherfuckers shouldn't be, you know, god damn candy anyway. The next thing you need to do is to plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. So I started doing this. That one I had like four different jobs. It was during the recession of a week. Couldn't get a good job even though I went to college. A father had just killed herself. I'd take it home, family, record unemployment and couldn't just sit around crying and be poor. So I said, you know, I'm going to outwork it. So I started working like 80 hours a week. I worked wake up early. Train people in the morning. shower at the gym. Boom. Go to the prod store. Work security to the prod store. After work at the prod store, I worked for a moving company. That was five days a week. And on weekends, I woke up early. Train people in the morning and then managed to rest around and quins. This is 80 hours a week for like two years. People always ask me, man, how did you train? How did you get enough sleep? How do you eat when you were working at much? I still work over 80 hours a week. And I don't neglect my family. I don't neglect my health. I don't neglect my sleep. But I'm able to get all of this shit done because I plan out every hour of every day in my calendar. If you get one thing from this video, let it be this. Here's my calendar now. If you even right now, I'm planning out every hour every day. Because once you start to do this, you are able to weaponize time. You're able to weaponize time. And you get way more done every day. Do this for one week. Plan out every hour of every day in your calendar. If you do this a few things happen. One, you'll get way more done than you did maybe in the whole month before that. People have no idea how much time they're wasting. Until they plan out every hour of every day in the calendar. They're shocked how much time they're wasting. And how much more they get done. The next thing they're happening is most of your bad habits will go away without you even trying. If you plan out every hour of every day, you're trying to get rid of some bad habits. And you're not going to put bad habits in your calendar. Are you not going to put getting high and goon in your calendar? I'd advise against that. You'll get so much more done and all the things you're trying to stop doing. You won't do it as much. There's no time for the bullshit if you plan out every hour of every day. I'm telling you. It won't even take discipline. Next thing you, we're going to talk about. We're going to bring it back to biology. This is a few supplements you can say. That'll increase your productivity exponentially. One of them, my favorite supplement is caffeine. I take about 1,000 milligrams of caffeine per day. Now you don't want to start with that. Right? You want to work your way up there. You know, I've been abusing caffeine since I was like 16 years old since the 90s. The motherfucking clean-and-mit registration. I was listening to DMX first album, and I would eat like 400 milligrams of caffeine. You know, it's very difficult to overdose on caffeine. The lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. Caffeine is a proven performance enhancing. Caffeine improves performance so much. If you take too much caffeine in the Olympics, you get to qualify. As that you know, whereas when they want to restrict how much you take, you and me win in the real Olympics, win the money making the Olympics. Ain't no referees. We can take as much as we want. It is a fucking cheat code. This tons of studies they showed at caffeine improves cognitive abilities. So now you move better. You got more energy and thinking faster. It's a fantastic supplement. The next supplement that I recommend to increase productivity is nicotine. This is going to be a kind of versatile one. Before you start talking shit about me recommend nicotine for productivity, there's tons of studies showing that nicotine is an tropic meaner and improves cognitive abilities. Nicotine itself is not really bad. It's smoking is bad. Inherlings smoke into your lungs that kills people. Not the drug nicotine. It dramatically improves cognitive ability. You know, I was afraid to say this should publicly I knew it because I read the studies. My favorite white science man Andrew Hooverman did a whole episode about the benefits of nicotine. You know, sometimes people don't believe what I say until a white man says it. So it dramatically improves cognitive abilities. In there's a few different ways you can adjust it. The safest way is nicotine patch. I'm wearing a nicotine patch right now. If you've only seen me on the internet, you probably never seen me without a nicotine patch. Sure. This is my time. I've had multiple patches on. When I really need the lock in. Uh, another white man that you all believe all the time is um Alex Hermosie. He's really a Persian. He says it's almost like Adderall. You're going to have nicotine gum, nicotine, mints. I think they make the on research. Caffeine and nicotine. Let's take it a step further. This is something that I recommend a lot for fat loss. But it also helps with productivity. A fedro. I learned about this in high school. I would take these fat burn and pills before class. And I would be fucking locked in zone in and because I got the 3.8 GPA, I think these fat burn pills, it was the shit called rip fuel. It had a fedro. Feudrins is multi a fat loss, that's appetite uh, suppressor. But I just noticed man, I really zone in dealing with that's a fedro. I really help me get help me stay focused. I'm talking about peak state shit. They made it illegal to put in body business supplements in America. You can just go in a store and London and buy that shit. But you can still get a fedro in 90 states. You don't need a prescription, but you gotta go to the pharmacist. And ask for something called bronch aid. It's an asthma medication, but the main ingredient is a fedro. Caffeine, nicotine patch, and an a fedro. So I'll take like 200 milligrams of caffeine. Or I like to take it in pre-workout form because I kind of like some of the other ingredients in pre-workout, bronch aid while wearing a nicotine patch. And I'm ready to lock in. I'm hesitant to recommend this. But I'm going with you anyway. The holy grail of productivity is... Adderone. If you have a, obviously you have a prescription, you've talked to your physician. And you qualify to say Adderone. There is nothing that will help you be more productive at Adderone. However, when I first took Adderone, I realized I had to be very careful. Because whatever you're doing before you take Adderone, you're going to be doing that thing. But the next is on the 5 to 7 hours. I remember once I took some Adderone, I was like, oh, let me clean up before I get the work. I fucking deep clean the whole fucking crib and got no work done. And once I was like, yo, I was going to work on something. But YouTube was up. I took Adderone, YouTube was up. This was back when chicks were, they could put twerk videos on YouTube. But there was a twerk video up and it came in my recommendations. I watched about 7 hours of twerk videos. Whatever you're doing before you take Adderone. You got to be ready to do it. And you have everything set up, then take Adderone and get immediately to work. The reason I don't like the frickin' Adderone. Because this is super addictive. If you're going to have to keep up in those for it to be effective. And when you quit, there are crazy drawbacks. So, you know, I was super depressed when I quit. When I quit Adderone, I was depressed for like two weeks. And I was tired for two weeks. But luckily, I knew that that was a side of thing. So, just be careful. My productivity stack is safer than Adderone. But at the same time, this happens on how extreme you want to be. This is the video we're streaming. If you want to get super streamed, maybe the juices worked the sweet. Because I know a guy, he was like palned in Adderone. And he built a $10 million business. And then, you know, he sold it. Then he quit. He said, he quit. He was depressed for like, you know, a month. Oh, like, was it worth it? He was like, yeah, it was worth it. But the next thing you need to do to be more productive. Plan out all your goals and have deadlines for every step. And then you put every step in your calendar. I have a tool that will help you with, uh, do that. It's called the Victory Vision Planer. The link is in the description. So, when you go to the Victory Vision Planer, there's one, there's one, there's one, there's called the ambition planer. Right? And, uh, open this. Boom. And this is dummy data. And here. What you do is you put your goals here. And then you put out every step. It takes to accomplish this goal. And then you put a deadline every step. This is an example data from last year. Right? I'll show you what this looks like. Let's say I said a new goal. Right? Fuck. Yo. Mama. What would this step be to fuck yo, Mama? All right. So I probably got to find her IG, right? Boom. Find her IG. Boom. Then I probably have to slide in that hose DM. Boom. Then I have to set up date with home. Now they ain't a whole lot of steps to fucking this bitch, right? You can see it. Then I have to go on date with dad, hoe, and then smash. Now here's the thing. Now we got deadlines for every step. So we got to remember, I said we got to have deadlines and it says, what we do is we click in the goal. Boom. Dad, it's not started, right? When we do that, it's a, well, this is something we probably, we probably do this by tomorrow. Slide in the DM. Probably do that tomorrow as well. When we go set up the date, you need to do this for all your goals. Like when you're going to set up the date, probably talk to her on IG for a little bit set up. Set up the date, that's called Tuesday. It's called Thursday. Saturday, we're on Thursday. Going that date with the hoe, take out on Saturday night, man. Show it good time. And then we're going, we're going to fuck this bitch that saying night, obviously. And so you just set up your goals. You got to have a deadline for every step. The cool thing about the big division planner is we can, let's say, find our IG. Let's say this is in progress, right? We can go to the progress tab that I made for you. You can see all your goals. Like all your goals, right? This is the lamboe goal. It's the 10k month goal. This is the, you can see what's not started, what's in progress, what's done. What's your accomplishes? You can either move it over here like this or you can do it right here. Just boom, progress. You could also, what's really cool about this because a lot of your goals are going to take longer than this, you could say this month. Here's what happens this month. What you need to do this month. This is where you get dope. You take each month or we can go to this week. Right? Cool, this stuff we got to do this week. And all your goals are going to come up here. All the steps for all your goals are going to be here. And what you do is you putting a calendar when you're going to do it. Not when it's due. That's the problem. When people set goals and try to plan it out, they only have due dates. And due dates are great. You also need to put in when you're going to do it. Put that in a calendar. You have to estimate how much time each one of these goals is going to take. For example, I was just a slide in her IDM tomorrow. All right. So now I go to my account. Let me copy this. Copy. This is a go on my dummy calendar, right? I could win them a due to shit. All right. I guess I would see when I had time because I have all my other goals in here. I'm like, I'm like, I'm around noon. I can slide in her DM boom. How long does it want to take? I don't know. Let's get myself 30 minutes. Oh, also you can click into the goal and I can put it. You can put your notes in here. Things they have to do with the step of your goal. Let's say I'm supposed to go on date with her. So when am I going to go on a date where I'm supposed to do it on June 14th. All right. So I would look at my calendar. See what I had time. This is dummy data. I ain't going to make this sit my whole night. Pretty right here. Boom. Give it a few hours. You know, I'll be back by 10. All right. So you put when you're going to do an account. You do this for all your goals. This is a notion template. The vision vector plan. I was being a little silly with the goal, right? But you could do that with any of your goals. You want to put it in here. And this is free. The links in the description. But this is extreme. You want to plan out all your goals. Put deadlines for each step. And then putting your calendar when you're going to do these goals. When you're going to do each step. Because of the victory, the vision plan in a way is set up. But the progress, you can start tracking your progress. So study show that when people track their progress, they are significantly more likely to accomplish them. The next thing you need to do to be more productive is start meditating. So I've been meditating over 15 years now. I meditate twice a day and both sessions are 15 minutes. One of the reasons this is so helpful is because there was a study done by Harvard University. It showed that after just eight weeks of meditation, part of your brain called the Amigdala starts to shrink. And that's the part of your brain that controls your fight or flight response. Feel your anxiety. That part of your brain actually starts to shrink. And as another study that showed that the part of your brain is responsible for logic. The Neo-Cortex starts to become more dense after just eight weeks of meditation. So now we're changing our brain. We're changing our brain in a way that makes us more logical and less reactive emotionally. It's not just a biological thing. Also, it's difficult to have productivity when your mind is not right. But if your mind is calm and you can just go accomplish the goals, starting knocking it out like a robot. Like being anxious, having anxiety, being scared, your heart rate starts to go up. And you actually waste energy if you've been meditating. Just eight weeks of meditation changes your brain. You'll be more comfortable with calm. The only thing you need to understand is some people said, man, I meditate today and I feel different. Like meditation, I want you to think about it like exercise for your brain. Meditating once or even like two days in a row is not going to do anything. It takes at least eight weeks for you to start seeing the progress. It's kind of like lifting weights. Are you not going to see progress? It takes a while for the muscle to grow. I think about it like exercise for your brain. Meditation changes your brain. It has to be done frequently over a significant amount of time. And once it happens, it'll be way calmer. And it'll be way easier for you to accomplish your goals. It's less taxing on your central nervous system in your brain. And you can use the energy to accomplish your goals. Next thing you're going to do to make making more productive is to not multitask. Multitasking actually causes you to be less productive. So here's the study that shows that task switching leads to 40% loss in productivity. If you're switching tasks, what happens is when you start doing something, it takes a little bit of time for your brain to acclimate to this new thing that you're doing. And then once you start to acclimate to it, start to get in the zone and it starts become easier. Multitasking, you're not doing two things at once. It's just switching from one thing rapidly. So you never fully acclimate to either one of them. This is why the study says it's a 40% loss in productivity. Here's another study that shows tasks switching leads to more mistakes. So you're going to fuck shit up more. If you're doing something, muscle things at once. So what are you doing instead? You want to dive into one thing and do it to it to it's done. You're not getting distracted by your phone. You're not getting distracted by other people. You want to really lock in zone in. And you'll get that test done way faster. It's a great book called Deep Work. Are they going to go in a way more depth on that. Once I read that book, it took my productivity to the next level because I was getting more done in less time. The next thing you need to do to be more productive is to get more sleep. Not only more sleep, but better sleep. That is showed at the better you sleep, the more productive you are. And it makes sense if you're all the tharjins, it will be difficult for you to get more stuff done. So what do you do? Well, first thing we do is we have to start tracking ourselves. So you can get some sort of fitness tracker that works for you sleep. I use the ordering, the tools, Apple Watch, Wump, any sort of fitness tracker that attracts you are asleep. You want to keep doing things to improve. Not only the quantity of sleep, but also the quality. And there's a few things that I've noticed improved the quality of my sleep. So I don't even need more. But I do something like 8 to 9 hours of sleep. But because I've optimized my sleep, now I'm really good at just seven hours of sleep. Because I get more deep sleep and more REM sleep. Here's some of the things that help me. One, I have blackout curtains. Pitch black in my room. Also keep the room colder. In the low 60s, study showed the people have a better quality of sleep when they're in the cover. Nothing I got from a book called Why We Sleep. And he said in the book to wear socks to sleep because it helps the regulator body temperature. He also said to take a shower before you go to sleep. A hot shower for you, honestly. And this regulation body temperature as well. Now if we want to get more extreme REM, just the extreme video, I had this thing called a chili pad. It's like this little refrigerator unit on the side of my bed that it runs cold water through this mattress pad. It's on top of my mattress. And it feels just like, you know, when you flip your pillow, you know, the cool side of the pillow. Imagine your whole body feeling like that all night. Once I got that, my sleep performance skyrocketed. And I noticed that when I leave home and I have to sleep somewhere else, I get less deep sleep and less REM sleep. These are the things that really help me get way more done and way less time. But you download that big revision planner. The link is free. I use this productivity tips to build my own life business business. It's a multiple set of figures. Now I teach you how to be about to do it. If you want to learn how to grow your own life business business, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Train. It will really break down. Everything you need to be your online trainer. Go ahead and click the link in the description. Check it out. It's free. All right.

=== FILE: Ex-Drug Dealer Now Makes Millions Trading [FgAw1du640Q].txt ===

How do I tell you, I'm like a nice neighborhood, then that should have been lost to house, lost all the cars, everything. Because if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be sitting right. So I felt like I was like, dude, whole the f*** you've came full circle, people were getting rated and they're saying like, yo they're asking about you. So I'm like, I gotta get the f*** here. Because they told me this is your last court day, you know, you go and play to get eight years. If you don't play, you're going to try out the minimum, you'll get 15. It was a fill in, you four. Now we got special guests today. Today's guys came on the scene over the last few years. Going crazy in the trade in investment community. He's one of the best traders I've ever met. He's super ball and super cool. My man, Jesse Casper. Jesse or KDA, what's that, what's good, man? And what's good, bro? What's the worst shit? It's true. He's YouTube is blowing up, man. Yeah, man, it's a blessing. It's a blessing. It kind of happened random like I was telling you, man. It's funny to, like, reflect and back on that word, I thought I would be at YouTube. Yeah, you got like a quarter million subscribers now. Yes, like two, thirding, I think. So I'm like that. How'd you get into trading? Effectively, I got in just through crypto. So I got in a bunch of my friends, well, really one group of my friends told me, you got to get into crypto. It was like 2016, 2018. Okay, oh, shit. You act then. This is like, racked up now. That's one time. Low pissed was pumping that shit hard. Yeah, most people are just in from COVID, but I originally got in in 2016. I put in like, it was like, 20, something thousand, like low, 20,000, turn it at 380,000. Right? Oh, shit. Then I'm like, I'm the shit. I'm a trader. Yeah, got the shit. I lost all of it. Got a lot of people when they think trading, they think investing. And big difference. It's two different things. Yeah, so like I thought I was a trader, but I was really, you were just. Yeah, I was the investor. I'm really invested. You just did some money. It's the shit at the right time. Yeah, I got it's funny. I was looking back at so on memories. And like, like, the old pictures, you know? And it was like a had a notebook. And I was like, right now what crypto was and shit. And I remember I was thinking, like, I was starting to tell everybody, like, yeah, I'm a trader. How much money do you put in? 20 is like 20, something thousand. 20. 20 is like 20 and some change. So it was like 20,000 deposit. And then I had like a couple extra thousand that I'd get. Because the way I got into it is I got some crypto for something. And I was a little biased. And this is back when you had to buy on local Bitcoin. Do you ever know what that was? I wasn't buying Bitcoin when you're back in it. For some of the big coin was Coinbase. I think it was 2017. Yeah, Coinbase was just on the scene to you. So to buy like large amounts without triggering certain warnings. And I mean, we'll get to that later. So I bought it in that context. I was trying to stay, you know. It local Bitcoin, and essentially you went online. And it was like imagine classified ads, but from Bitcoin. Like I'd go to Atlanta and buy it from a dude. Oh, he didn't part of you some bit for cash. Yeah, sketchy. Yeah, it is dude I ever remember. He's like a super hippy dude. Like he had just fried rich as fuck now though. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I would hope at least. And he's not. He's probably hating himself anyway. We'll see. But anyways, that was how I got into it. And I thought I got all cocky. You know, thought I knew what I was doing over the next like two, two and a half years lost all of it. Right. I was what got me hooked though. Because in that time when I was losing it, I was, I had decided I wanted to do it. You know, and I wasn't going to give it up. And I was addicted to it. Like back then it was like some heroic shit. Really I was listening to the gambling. You know, but it worked out, right? I wasn't really like serious about it. You know what I mean? Because I was making money in other ways. Got into it in 2020 again and actually took it serious. It's so funny. Yeah, so I was like man, everybody's making this money. I didn't even get the bottom of co-op with either. So then I was like, foam, I'm like, dude. How are your friends who didn't even more involved in this? Do better than you and you've done a lot of money trying to learn this. I decided I was going to take a serious, I bought a discord like an education community. Right. And whenever I was in that community, I was ahead of people because I had already went through all the psychological trauma. What were you training at this time when you were you training? Crif it all futures though. Chittles. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's like leverage. Yeah. None. No. You had to, it was banned. But you could easily use it. That was where I started like actually trying to trade like serious. And I started because before then I didn't even really know a risk management. It was anything like that. But I got into it serious. I had already went through a lot of the issues. So I started doing good. And I was away ahead of all these new people that were like, how long did it take you to get good? I mean, if you want to be technical five years. But really like one year being serious. It was mainly 2016, like 2018, I was often on just being like stupid. Right. Like that was where I was trying to trade. I was like, I was trading no leverage. So I was trying to trade like the bear market, which I thought it was like going to keep going up. So I tried to buy these all points, right? And even in that time, like there was like the ICO boom of like 2017 where like kind of like how meme coins are now. But less crazy. So I would hit it and up to like keep me afloat, right? Then like chop it away. And then finally like just blew it all, right? And then I was putting in my own money, too at the time. So whenever I started taking this here since 2020, by 2021, I was doing really good. That was de-sensitized, delusium money. I had committed myself like, okay, now that you actually know and I was surrounded. I think another big part of it is I was surrounded with people who were actually making a lot of money. Yeah. So I thought it was real now. I don't talk about it a lot. I feel like people would think it's cap because I'm good at so many things. Right. I know how that sounds. I just don't know how to say it. But like I've been trading since like 2020 during COVID, I was in man and it was a lot down. Yeah. Right. So it was nothing to do with like I learned how to trade. You know, I spent the estimate a lot a lot of time trading. I did pretty well my first year. I'm like one of few people I know who was profitable the first year. Most pictures lose. Well, it's again, like you were winning at other points. You know, that's a big deal. You know, because winning because the thing is growing comes down to it. There's winners and there's losers. Like just being honest. And like everybody at one point, I feel like was a loser. I was a loser at one point. And like I would have probably lost at most things. And if I got lucky enough to win on the short term, I would have lost in the long term. Yeah. But once you get to the point where you're used to winning and you just have that mentality, you understand, okay, I'm not going to be good at first. There's going to be risk. I'm not losing money. I don't really care. You detach yourself from all the importance. Right. But when you're coming from zero, it's like this is my ticket. It's like anything. Once you put a level of importance on something, like if you assign something like this has to work, when does it ever work? Yeah. It's like if you look at a girl, like, oh my God, she's out of my league. Right. Or you're going to sound stupid as hell trying to talk to her. That's a fit. But you know what I mean? So it's all this. It's important. That's like a big thing I always talk about. Think about it's like the less you can give a shit about something. And like not not so much from like a sociopath like you don't care about anything. But from a sense of like, I understand to win. I have to remove that emotion. Yeah. I don't want to intentionally anything. That's really whenever you get good at winning. I think that's probably the big thing with trading. Like a lot of people I like Jeremy or you or people I know. I tell people my community this that are like struggling on my look. There are people that I know that came into this looked around and said, okay, this had this works. Okay. And within a year made a bunch of money. Yeah. It's possible. When I grew up, my parents were well off. Right. Whenever I was very young, but then a 2008 loss everything. Because I was in corporate sales. We weren't rich by any means. It was like middle class, upper middle class. Okay. I was living like a nice neighborhood. Then that should happen. Lost the house, lost all the cars. I was saying it. Because they were over leverage too. They were, they weren't a good position to have anything bad happen. Moot to another area that wasn't the best area. They started my mom had to get a job to cause she didn't have to work. Most of my life. At this point, I was like 12 or some of the smoke we had the neighbors. These older kids kind of crazy looking back. In my focus, like why are they smoking away the 11 year old neighbor? You know what I'm saying? Like, where are they? They're like 16, 15. They're like, what do we with the kids? Like, man, whenever I was 16, I was in that life and stuff. But like, everyone, 11 year old walked. I was like, get the fuck out of here. I always think about that. I'm like, what? Why would they have been what I'm saying? But yeah, they smoke we and me like, give me drinking and shit. So I got it. I got it in that life. I realized, cause they said ask. I'd be like, why does this happen? Like, what's going on? My dad would just be like, you don't understand. Like, don't ask me again. It has to do with money. So in my mind, I'm like, I want to make a bunch of money. Like, whenever I was that age, I'm like, what do you want to be when you grow up at school? Kids would be like some random shot and it's an am, like, I felt bad because I was like, I don't know, but I just want to be rich. Yeah. So like, that's she was ingrained in me from a very deep, deep level, right? So like, not even like a desire to do it to be glamorous, but like a desire to not go through what I saw my dad go through. Cause like dad and my mom, you know, you know, that shit goes right? Did they stay together for that? Yeah, man. So they're just still together now. Whenever that happened, I got into that life and then I started thinking, like, okay, you know, I saw people trapped in stuff and I was like, you know, that time too, this is like, that shit was like really glamorized. Like, like, you were with them. And at that point, I started like, I had kids, uh, I used to box with sidewalks for seven years and I boxed at the only box name was for the projects. So I wanted to city and like they would pick me up for the boys and girls club because my parents worked. I go there, they picked me up and I would go to the city and this is like, more in the city and I went to a school that was in the morning of country. So like, these kids were like, paying tax on sweet prices. They didn't have no good wheat, right? And one of the city, I was boxed with like a bunch of older kids. They were all like, it's a project. Like all of them were trapped at the gym and the car. I mean, the older kids. So I would get weed from that and then I would go and sell it for like, way higher. So I was immediately like, I was like, oh, yeah, I can smoke weed for free and maybe make a little bit. And to save like a long journey from there, that escalated like crazy. Okay. You know, it's throughout high school. I was getting in trouble in high school. I was balling in high school, bro. And I was going to Cali making church. I was like 16. And that all escalated, where I moved to Cali when I turned 18, because I wanted to get legit. I wanted to get out like, I also got hooked on like drugs and shit, a little pills, so Xanax is partying and shit. So I was like, I got to get out of here. I went to Cali, started my own weed company, like a farm. I got out of jail. But essentially I did that for a while and was legit and then I had a daughter. There saw was like, I don't want to be out here with my daughter. Because like, there's all sorts of fuckups at the happens in that game. Like, he get robbed. If you got to grow and everyone knows you're the dude, the people get robbed, people get killed for that shit. So I was like, I had a kid in the house, so I was like, I don't want to do this anymore. Not out here. Like a year before that was when I started away, got rich off crypto. So you made like a few hundred grand. Yeah, and I'm like, I'm the man. You know what I mean? I got it. Like I'm I'm a trader now. I don't want to do this shit no more. So I thought I'm going to move home and be able to trade. I can get out of the game. That's why I was like getting college the best thing that ever happened to me. Because if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be sitting right here. Like I wouldn't have made any of the minimum, like, I mean, I ended up losing everything that I made in that game, which I'll get to in a second. But I mean, way more fucking money now. As such I moved back home, but you're not really a rattle game, man. And that it's like a power addiction. And here that you, you're the one that's the biggest money. Yeah, it's funny. I'll show you a picture of my old self. I like I'd be wearing like a bait hoodie with the big ass Cuban chain. Do it if I stand up, he'll suit. Valencia Agashoose, complete different vibe. It's like I like it. I'm like, who was this kid do? I was a complete different person, man. So I was like going to the clubs. I was the dude, you know, going like shutting the club down like 30 D. All that. So I was addicted to that. So I came home, try to say I was not going to be in it. Got it for a while, right? But then got back into it, got into some trouble. And I was losing all my money and crypto. So I got into trouble. I tried. I was like, my other fucker, you say you're going to come home and get out. You've now came home, fucked up your money, got into trouble again. Like, what are you doing? So then I was like, I'm going to get into sales. My dad was in the sales. I might get out of this shit, get into sales. So I literally went from doing all that to being a door to door appointment, et cetera, for a solar company. Oh, shit. Yeah. Because I was like, wait, I mean, at first it was kind of hard. Yeah. So then I started like making up a new pitch. I had a slickest pitch, man. That's funny. Like they had this dumbass pitch. It was like, hey, have you heard about the solar energy initiative? Like your store slam? I went, I went and bought a construction vest, and a clipboard. Oh, and I bought a construction hat. And I would go and I would knock on the door and I'd step back and look at the house. And people would be like, what the fucks us do? They're going to open the door. Yeah. So it opened the door and I'd be like, how you doing? You the homeowner? And they're like, yeah, I am. Because that's what that was a qualifying brush. Am I okay? Okay. Yeah, I'm just taking a look. We got some trucks that they've ever had doing some surveys going around. Seeing we got some houses eligible for this program. What do you pay in power for month? But like, do they work crazy? Could be like, they're hell, it's curiosity. So then I started crushing it with that. I send it up became a closer. Was like the top three closers in the whole company, the whole nation for the whole lifetime. And then I became a sales manager and an upquitten and started my own solar company. But then I failed. I mean, we did good for the little one. But then it failed. I mean, that's a lot of business. Right. Then I said, and at this time also too, and my dad and my child and I split up. So I felt like I was like, dude, holy fuck, you've came full circle for all this shit. You made a bunch of me lost it all. So you made money and lost it up a bunch of times that this was, yeah, I've gone from, okay, so from seven figures of broke once before, and for six figures of broke once before that. Oh, yeah, yeah. Now it feels good because I know I ain't ever gone bugging out. Yeah, whatever I that company failed. Right. And the mother and my child and I just split up and work out. And that one I'm like, they need to fuck up. You don't fuck up your family. I was like, you piece of shit. I got as depressed. So how did you daughter this? Yeah, no, it was like early 2019. So now I'm going full back into the game. So I said, fuck everything. I'm going full and that's when shit got really crazy. And I went into that like till like right on like early 2020. And then there was like a lot of stuff going on. You know, I caught a big case. We'll say it was in motion. So and then there was like rumors and shit of people, those things happening. Like where people were saying like, people were getting rated and they're saying like, yo, they're asking like, you. So I'm like, I got to get the fuck out of here. I went back to Cali. So this is like early 2020. This is when I went like full into trading. So I bought it in the Ails Craze, but I'm a, so there was actually a guy in the Cali plug. He's like a big trapper. Okay. And Cali, right? Super like famous in that world. And I saw on his Snapchat ad for a Discord about trading. And I'm like, bro, this is like God's handship. My idea was going to buy exotic cars on rentum. Fuckin' dumb ass business. Well, you know what I mean? Like just to, I was just finding anything that I thought I could do to get out of it. Essentially, I found, I got, I was like, okay, I got this Discord. I joined it. That's where I really started to take trading serious. And that's where we kind of get to part of the sort earlier, or started taking trading serious. But as I was getting into trading and taking it serious, come 2021, after all, it's been like dead for a while. That thought I was good. Ray. Oh. And then they rated 26 other people, or 25, 26 total. They wouldn't have found you in Cali. Yeah. So they, but they wanted the feds to pick it up, but the feds looked at the case when I was like, it's not strong enough. We got one of them. Yeah. That's where my life saved. Oh, I've been done. I've been doing this. This is a kind of young thugs thing. The feds and pick up young thugs here, here we are. Right. But when that happened, I lost everything and multitudes of ways. As you can imagine, what was happening, right? I just stayed in Cali, jail. Changeloo prison. jail. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was Riverside County. It's not very, it's not a friendly jail. It's not a good county to go to jail. Yeah, the best jail I've been in. And I think Austin Texas has a nice jail. You'm saying, I'm not a big fan of any New York jail. You know, and then really central bookings is like probably one of my least favorite places on earth. They labeled me as a fugitive from justice because I was out of state. It was then I had to go to like a high security unit. But it was almost comical because when I went in there, they were like, like, it was a bunch of gang members. Yeah. But it was like so funny that I was in there that they didn't even fuck with me. They were more like, what the fuck is this? They were like, they're like, they thought it was funny, you know? But they were cool. It's like, man, I was just like, people like me. I bet that would be so sketch. I'm like, but they were like the nicest people ever. How long did you say in it? 40 days. Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. So I 40 days waiting and never knew when I was going to come back. But anyways, came home a heart one lawyer and basically fought the case for quite a long time with him and then I went firing him because he was just full of fucking bullshit. Like he literally filed like two motions the entire time and told me he filed more motions. Also the motions he filed. There was some politics shit, bro. For sure. Here's the biggest case in that county's history. Oh wow. It gets you. Yeah. Oh. So that was like, and that's not a big area either. It's a city. You know, Johnson City, Tennessee. That wasn't doing shit. So I fired him after I figured this out and I hired you. You ever seen a movie masterminds? Was that guy with that guy off an on-cassin in there? Based on the dude who was like the second largest bank robber in America. Okay. I got his lawyer. Now because of that, but it was just like, I shouldn't have been straight out to know him and fucking say my life. But you'll be no man. Yeah. Him and his whole team of lawyers, right? Cause it's like a six lawyer's total. So like as a crazy woman, it was like a movie I was in the court when I had to fire the lawyer because they told me this is your last court date. Yeah, you go and plead to get eight years. If you don't plead, you're going to try out the middle and you'll get 15. And I was like, I can't fucking play date here as to. I knew in my head in my heart. I got, and also by this time, I'm like coming up on YouTube and nobody really knows it cause I didn't come out with it. Yeah, I didn't talk about it. You know what I mean? I'm sure you saw like there's like puttrum and hit pieces on me. Yeah. Was like, now I just, you know, it is what it is. But I didn't lead with it because I didn't want to be described as that. Never hit it. Like there are a lot of my friends that knew about it. All the people in the play bit community, which is the discord, everybody knew about it because when that happened, I was a coach that I like damn free cast for. You know, it's like a whole movement. Besting ever happening again caught. Essentially, I had to go in the court and they were like, this is your last date before you go to trial. And on that day, I had to go in front of the judge like when they, you know, it's your turn they sent up. Yeah. And the middle of everyone talking to say excuse me or honor. And then I look at you they're like, what did you just fucking say? And I was like, I have to make it notice known to the court that I'm leaving. Mr. Bellon in my council. Oh. And that was like, bro, it feels like moving. It's like some movies appear in the book, like, you know, like the murmurness. It was literally like that. And they're like, what the fuck? And then the judge looks at me and like smiles. I'm almost like, it's like, okay, who's representing you? And then that moment like all six lawyers stand up and they're like, oh, go to Jager behind you. They're in the like the seats. Yeah. And what will take it for you? Yeah. They're like, we'll take it from here. They walk up and the like start open their suitcases. And the judge looked at me and was like, okay. And it was like almost like a form of respect because she used to be a big criminal defense lawyer. She's like, he's not fucking playing. Yeah. He's a psycho. Because like, that was a crazy move. You know, like, to me as a eight years of 15th, and my head at the same thing with a death sentence, look this is a death sentence. You know, and I was like, blown up on YouTube by trading at this point, I thought, like, 600 K trading. I was like, life was amazing. Other than this, and it was this crazy, like, reality where everybody that didn't know my past was so happy for him. But I went and it didn't know my past was so worried for me. If that time were you trading with eight pixel young men? Now I was trading with my four X-phones. Oh, it's before futures firms were like, as big. Yeah, I had to get it. So, um, but yeah, man, it was a craziest fucking thing. And then you went to trial with a new lawyer. No, I didn't go to trial. Oh, really? No, no, no, no. I didn't go to trial. So they ended up dropping it the last. So then I fought the case for another year. Right. But then with the new lawyers, they filed so many emotions that the last lawyer didn't do. Yeah. By the time that it was like what was permissible, the different, like, all the mechanics of their case, there was a say, it was wasn't strong enough. Yeah. And then, because I never got caught with nothing. Like not anything. I got $1,200 bro. Like what you're going to say that I was like a fucking king. And then then also like a witness retracted their statement last minute. Those are a lot of complicated things that happened. But finally, it was pushed it all the way to the next time where they say, and they're like, well, this is the last court date before we get a trial. And I was like, well, I'm not pleading. And then this is the last court date for the trial. I'm not putting them. They kept like pushing it off. And also to my lawyer leverage like my business and my success, to them, they're like, look, like this guy isn't like just out here, like some, you know, he ain't going to be out here like causing problems. He doesn't even live here anymore. Yeah. Like he's not going to be. And then like see, he was like trying to negotiate with them, kept playing that car, kept playing like we'll pay any fines. They didn't even like want to do any crazy fines. Yeah, eventually, he got to the point they filed like 27 motions. And there's so much evidence that it was either suppressed or not admissible or a witness that was not credible in consistency. And one thing they said, because then they would interview them. Because like, really when a lawyer goes to work for you, very few things they actually can't do. That's one thing I learned is it's really just amount how much do you pay your lawyer, and how much do they actually care. So there's almost always something. In a case that's that complex, almost always. So he found that something. And then I still got a felony. And I got six years probation. Oh, really? Yeah. But I mean, dude, it was a felony for cocaine possession to read with intent to resell or consider status, this possess and resell. So you couldn't vote. No. Yeah. Now we deal every time, if you ask me, man, we, we vote for like man, I can't vote. Oh, you, you got to know, I just say, oh, oh, oh, shit. And then they, why, why you get votes? Like man, salad and yeast. And then I don't tell them what, it's just like a little fun thing I've been doing. Ever since, ever since, that's her in 18. That's funny. That's funny as fuck, Ruth. That's funny. I appreciate you having me on, bro. Hey, man, my pleasure, man. I'm glad we got to, we got to talk about I'm glad you're sharing all the, a lot of the sauce. Hell yeah. And it's all about your like story. You know, it's a good story. It is a crazy one. It's a good story. Yeah, man. Also make sure you follow the homey, Casper or Jesse, whatever.

=== FILE: Extreme Ways to Build Muscle Fast (No BS) [qRNxtMW1i1E].txt ===

So you ready to put on some muscle, put on some size, ready to stop looking like a punk. I'm gonna give you some tips, a string waist, the build muscle faster. And you have it thought possible. And I've been a personal trainer for over 26 years. I've trained thousands of people, but I'm saying you, it's not just some f*** I made up or some f*** did just work for me. This is f***ed this work for a lot of people that I've trained. Right, this is me from the field. It's not just some f*** I read in a book. If you can't watch a short video how to make muscle, you don't deserve to put on any mass. Let's get into it. Now, again, these are string ways. So if any of you are saying some f***ed this too much work, I don't want to do that as why you are f***ing people don't like you. Why the f*** did you click on the video and said, extreme ways to build muscle? And then say, oh, it's too extreme. Why are you here? The first extreme thing you need to do to build muscle faster is full body workouts. I know a lot of people will tell you to do splits, different bros splits. I've been doing full body workouts over in decade. I was natural and people were saying that I was on a roi, that was making videos about it, me being on a roi. But you got to understand, I'm doing full body workouts and you knocked. That's one of the reasons. Let's break this down. Let's say we got two bodybuilders. Bodybuilder A does full body workouts. He's a cheap bodybuilder B. He's doing a split routine. Maybe he's doing one body part a week or like chest day, back day, leg day, shoulder day, and then arm day. The bodybuilder A, who's doing the full body workout, let's say he's picking for his chest. Say he's picking two exercises and he's probably going to be two compound movements. So he's doing something like bench press or bench press and dips, whatever, four sets for his chest. Let's just say he's doing some modest like three full body workouts a week. Every session he's doing eight sets of chest. Right? Each week he's getting 24 sets of chest exercise. If we spread that out over a year or 24 sets, 52 weeks, that's going to have him at 1,000, 200, and 48 sets per year. All right, keep that number up. Let's say this fucking bodybuilder doing the bros split and he's doing chest once a week. He do more sets per exercise. So maybe he's doing, because he has a whole chest day. Maybe he's doing like a bunch of different exercises. Total of like 16 sets. Right? He's doing bench press and climb bench press, cable cross over. But it totals like 16 sets, because this is like a chest day. You're going to do that like once a week, because you don't want to kill the muscle, right? Once a week. Right? So he only gets 16 sets total per week. Bodybuilder A, who was doing the full body workout, he was getting 24 sets per week. Over the course of 52 weeks, he's only getting 16 sets per week. His total set was 832. But the guy was doing the full body workouts. He's getting more sets per fucking year. You're fucking fucking around and get more sets. If you're doing a full body workout, it's almost twice as much. Before steroids was invented, everybody builder did full body workouts. People didn't start doing splits until steroids weren't invented. Because after you live weights, something occurs called protein synthesis. Basically a fancy way of saying muscle building. Protein synthesis lasts for about 48 hours. So if you're doing chest day, you're missing out on five days of protein synthesis. Because it only lasts for 48 hours. That change when people started to do steroids. Why? Stairroids and a bi-stairroids extend the length of protein synthesis. So what they found out that protein synthesis lasts for way longer when you're on Royce. So it is like fucking, let's just crush the muscle, let's kill it. They can get more gains. But they're on Royce, so they're going to get more gains anyway. But before steroids were invented, all bodybuilders did full body workouts. So if you're in natural, it stands the reason you should do what natural was did before steroids were invented. And plus you just give more sets. If we just look at the math, you'll get more sets. You'll get more sets more frequently because, probably since this is last for 48 hours. So after 48 hours, you train the muscle after 48 hours. You do another full body workout boom. Now you're consistently in a muscle building stage. Each muscle was in a muscle building stage consistently. If you're doing splits, then you miss down a lot of potential muscle growth. But here's another part of it. When you do full body workouts, you should only do compound movements. These are big body movements. Because compound movements could on the muscle. Comparing a movement can be classified as a multi joint movement. Bensh press is of compound movement because you can see you're using this joint here and you're using the joint here. Oh, a multi joint movement. Where isolation movement, something like be a single joint movement. It'll be cable crossover because you're only moving here. Single joint movement, you only move in here. That's the isolation movement. It's a fact. It's not debatable. Compound movements are better for putting on size. It's not up for the bake. You're doing full body workouts. We're not doing isolation movements. Except for arms and calves, right? Because it's at the end of the chain, right? So it's like you can only do one joint hit by a seven and try to set. But for the most part, we're doing all compound movements. So not only are you getting more sets for a year, you're getting better sets when it comes to build a muscle because it's all compound movements. If you're doing chest day, you're not doing it all compound movements. You're going to be doing a bunch of isolation shit as well. And that's okay if you're on a roll. Full body workouts compound movements. If you have increased protein synthesis and you get more sets, this is one of the big reasons people thought I was on steroids for so long. Because they were doing splits. Everyone else is doing splits because they got it from muscle magazines and shit. But these muscle magazines were made by and forers, steroid users. So when you structure your full body workout, you should pick one or two compound movements, her body part, except for obviously, for arms and calves, right? So chest type of movements include barbell bench press, dumbbell bench press, incline, barbell press, incline dumbbell press, dips, push ups, just like that. But if you want to build the most muscle, you don't want to fuck with dumbbells. You want to fuck with barbells. Barbells will put on more muscle than dumbbells because this was called a closed chain movement. So when dumbbells, you can plug in the bars move independently. You can do whatever you want when you bench press in, right? For barbells, hands are stationed. They can't move independently. The chain is closed as well. It's called a closed chain movement. Close chain movements will put on more muscle. I would focus on barbells, barbell bench press, incline barbell bench press, dips is the closed chain movement as well. For back, you got dead lifts. That lifts actually work your whole posterior chain. They work your back, parsley legs. It's a good back as such. Pull ups, chin ups, bent over barbell rolls, T bar rolls and we can throw in cable rolls as well. CD cable rolls. Showers, you got overhead press. That's really the main one. Over here at press, I do handstand pushups, free standing and handstand pushups. But you ain't strong enough for that shit. Where I say you're just going to do overhead press legs. Of course we got squats, back squats, front squats. I really believe if you want to put on the most muscle, you should do back squats. But low bar backs squats. Low bar will work your posterior chain more effectively. Especially if you're an athlete, low bar backs squats will help you with your performance more more than high bar. Dead lifts work your legs as well. I'm not the biggest fan, right? But lunges, leg press. If you want to work the glutes, let's say you try to work that booty. Hip thrust is probably the best exercise for that. Romani and dead lifts, sumo dead lifts. For arms, actually, bent is okay. This is kind of a cheat go for arm. You can do chin ups. If you want to work it, get bicep more. Lock out. When you go to the bottom and the movement. And then pull up. If you want to work your back more, you don't lock out at the top of the movement, right? Because your bicep will come into work. So if I wanted to work my back more doing chin ups. What I do is I would move my thumbs around here. So my hands are like hooks and I would not fully extend my biceps. If I want to do chin ups in a way that it works, my biceps more. Like it's a combat move from my biceps. I want to wrap my thumb around and I want to fully extend at the bottom. And then come up. chin ups is good for that. Dips. Same kind of thing. If I want to work my triceps more, I won't lean forward as much. I'll make sure that I lock out at the top. So I really squeeze my triceps. You can see it squeeze. If I want to do dips and wanted to work my chest more, I would lean forward more. And I wouldn't lock out a super underrated tricep exercise. Is close grip bench press. You get a bench press with the barbell. Close grip and then push up. And make sure you extend your arms. Like out the work your triceps more. And you're going to pick one or two exercises three to four sets. And a new study came out that I read recently. That showed that resting three minutes between your sets. Put it on more muscle than resting one minute. I'm somebody who I always time my sets. I'll try to put on much muscle as possible. After the set, I hit the Siri button on my Apple Watch set three minutes time. Now, to save time, opposing muscle groups, you can superset them. I can't always superset. So you can do bench press followed by bent over rolls. Right? Back and chest are opposing muscle groups. If I would do close grip chin ups, locking out for biceps, and then close grip bench press. But I superset them. And then I rest three minutes. Right? That's it. That saves a little bit of time. And I say you do three or four full body workouts. For a week, I do full body workouts every day. And I just take rest days when life forces be too. I got too much to go on. Let's get into diet. Nothing works without diet. So here's what I think you should do. The build is much muscle as possible. You can take the bodyweight in pounds. Multiply that by 20. And that's how many calories you should get per day. If you're 200 pounds, that means you need 4,000 calories. So I'm people who might be saying, that's too much as a stream. I told your bitch ass, this was going to be extreme. I already told your goofy ass we're doing a stream shit. I'm assuming you'm not that already. Like if you're skinny fat, you need to cut first. And you want to get at least one gram of protein per pound of bodyweight. I know your favorite fitness influences is you don't need one gram. You can get to a point eight. Studies so the point eight is all you need. Yes. Studies do show the point eight is all you need. But those studies were done under perfect conditions by laboratory nerves. We don't live in a fucking laboratory. We live in a real world. Man, we in drink out of beakers and test tubes. Just shit or whatever they had them doing. And in the real world, the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. So you get something that says it has 10 grams of protein. It might be 12 grams. It might be eight. I read you did one gram of protein per pound of bodyweight. Because that will make up for any mislabelance. Because the FDA allows labels to be off by 20%. So we make up for it by making sure you get 20% more. And if you get too much protein, it's cool. There's no negative ramifications for too much protein. What about fats and carbohydrates? Don't care what you do. It doesn't have carbs or it doesn't have fatty. But you need to pick one. You got to do either high fat or high carbs. When you mix fat and carbs, that's when things start to go haywire. And your body has different hormonal responses to that. Oaf work. Most important thing is calories and protein. I like low carbs. I bolt on keto with the same formula. It's worked out great. But people do high carbs and low fat. Most bodybuilders do low fat and high carbs. And there might be an advantage today because you get a higher insulin response and insulin is anobotting. So there might be an advantage today. I do keto for reasons outside of body composition. We have to talk about sleep. You want to get 8 to 9 hours of sleep overnight. If you naturally make it to such wrong and you're asleep, it would out sleep you won't grow. 8 to 9 hours of sleep and you want to get these series about it. Don't fuck around. 9 hours is probably what it's just true for to put on as much muscle as possible. Now let's get to the supplements. This is for natural. We're not going so extreme. We could get crazier. But we're not going to keep it natural. I think you should start taking high dose creatin. So you only need 5 grams of creatin to put on muscle. So all you need. However, high dose creatin has other benefits. If you take high dose it actually helps you with your brain function out. But it can help with depression. It can help with cognitive functions and it can really improve mood. I think 10 grams of creatin every day. I've been doing that for like 20 years. Everybody's taking creatin. Creatin is safe, effective. All ages. One of my friends Ben Bikowski. He was a pro bodybuilder. He never limits a little bit of it. But he placed it in the cage. He did well. He didn't get embarrassed. He did a good job. When my son was about to be born, Ben already has some kids and I was solving them. I was just joking. I said, so how soon should I put him on creatin? He said, they want it. They want it. Everyone wants to take creatin. Even if you don't work out. Another supplement that I find super help is Seattle. It's tons of studies to show that Seattle is actually helps build muscle. Because it's a vessel dilator. Meaning it increases a lot of flow. So it helps you get a bigger pump. If you put all of us together, man, do it for 90 days. I promise you you'll put on more muscle than you have in your whole life. And listen, let's say you already got a good amount of muscle. And you want to start training people. Well, I got a free ebook for you called The Ten Command, Mr. Volem Lentrain. And this is what you can help other people put on muscle. And get paid to do it. I made my first million in his online training. And I've taught over 15,000 people to grow their own online fitness businesses. I can show YouTube for free, click that link in the description. They'll also do it ebook.

=== FILE: Extreme Ways to Get Rich (Most Men Wont Do It) [I0WiSnU-jgQ].txt ===

You clicked on this video because you wanna get pretty. In this video, I'm going to break down some extreme ways to help you get rich as fast as possible. I'm gonna what I'm gonna say is gonna stand over the top. Some of what I'm gonna say is the kind of people make reaction videos about is all real that has helped me become a more time millionaire. I made my first million when I was 32, but it was way more difficult when I did it. You have advantages that I didn't have, because I'm 42 now. 10 years ago was way different. So you should be able to get it faster if you're willing to get more extreme. If one of you, bitch, says some shit like, man, I don't wanna do that. That's too much. I don't wanna work that hard. Why the? Did you click on a video to say it? Extreme ways to get rich and then complain about it being too extreme. That's why you pour. The first extreme thing I did to help me get rich was I started planning every hour of everyday in my calendar because I had multiple jobs at the time. When I was first started moving down its path of making money, it was right after my father killed himself. He committed suicide. And that was during the great recession 2008. Yeah, breaking on employment, I couldn't get a really good job because nobody was hiring. In fact, everybody was just laying people off. So what I did was I wake up at four. I trained people in the morning in the gym. Then I would shower at the gym and then take the train down the so-hoe and I wore security at the proudest store or like eight hours. I wasn't a good security guard. I didn't guard anything. I didn't keep anyone secure. But they paid me to stand there for eight hours. Then after that, I would work for a moving company. That was five days a week. And on the weekends, I wake up early and I would train people. And then I would manage the restaurant and quince for the rest of the day. And these was 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week, two years. And I was doing that while I was building my business. So it's like I didn't have a whole lot of time. The way I was able to accomplish all these things is I planned every hour of everyday in my calendar. I used Google account. I wanted to first smart phones. And when you do it, would realize you have so much more time than you think. For example, there are 168 hours in every week. You first need to think, okay, how many hours a week do you sleep? You should do the sexes at home. If you sleep, eight hours a night, that's 56 hours. That's 56 hours. If you got one job or you got school, how many hours do you spend and worker school? Right, add that up. I'm just gonna say for you hours for the second to the example. Then you gotta think, how much time do you spend with your friends and family? Well, let's just say family, right? Because you might have to chill with the friendship shit. This is extreme. Let's say it's two hours a day. You spend 14 hours a day with your family. Now, again, some of you are gonna be like, man, but what if you got like 30 kids? What bitch nigga? I didn't tell you to have all the fucking kids, bro. You gotta live with your poor decisions now, me. Then you gotta work out. Let's just say you were badass and you've working out seven days a week for an hour, then you're cool. All right, then you add all this shit up, man. What is this, man? It's a hundred and a thousand hours. We subtract that from 168, that's 168 hours in every week. That leaves you with 51 hours. That's the time you're gonna use this fucking gear rich. This all this time needs to be dedicated to your goals. These are the only four things a man has to do. You gotta sleep, you gotta work. You gotta spend time with your family, you gotta work out. Everything else is optional. Video games optional. Getting high off the Zaza is optional. These are the only things you have to do. And one of you fucking nerds is about to say, you know what about using a bathroom? My city's the thing a man has to do, right? If you spend in like fucking 40, 50 hours a week in the bathroom, you gotta promise that our beyond a scope of anything, I can address in a YouTube video. You need a psychiatric evaluation. We're about getting groceries, really. There's not the fuck up, bitch, and they get, you know, spending 50 hours in the bathroom with doing groceries or even commuting. When you start planning every hour of every day, you stop wasting time. The way happens is you start using it time more effectively. This time this remain is what you're gonna use to get rich. And you gotta use as much of it as possible. No one will do it as a plan every hour of every day in your calendar. It's very important, that's step one. The second extreme thing you need to do to get rich, you gotta start tracking every dollar you spend. Almost nobody does this, man. If you do these two things, you will be fucking way ahead of the people around you. You'll be one of the most productive successful people around you in the next 90 days, like their whole ship will change. The reason you wanna track every dollar you spend is because this is the cold for getting rich. Gonna make more money than you spend and invest the difference. If you do that over a long enough period of time, you will get rich. You will get rich. Let me bring it up, let me give you example. Let's say you had a modest investment of just $2,000 a month. Let's say you can make extra $2,000 a month. Anybody can do that, man. And let's say you invested that in something simple like the stock market. And just a simple like index fund, like S&P index fund. Let's bring this up. Whoa, that looked like. Let's say $2,000 a month. We start with two grand, monthly contribution, $2,000. Let's say 20 years. The average return in the stock market is 10% not increasing, oh, compound annually. $2,000 a month. In 20 years, you have $1.3 million. It's almost $1.4 million. Compound interest. So that means if you're 20 years old, you can be a millionaire by the time you're my age. I'm 42, but just $2,000 a month. And anyone can do that. If you wanted to take the last time, you got to do one of two things or a combination of it. You got to invest more money or pick a vehicle that can give you a higher return. It's probably going to be a combination of both. But I was just showing you the simplest way to do it. Did it get extra $2,000 a month? You need to know how much you're spending and what exactly you're spending in it all. And I've been talking about this for at least 10 years. We used something called monart. It seems to be the best one that wants to be like the most. And you hook all your accounts to monart, all your investment accounts, your checking accounts. It saves your accounts, all your credit cards. And you link it up to monart. And it will track all your spending and categorize it for you. All the money coming in and all the money coming out. When people do this, man, they're kind of amazed that we're some of the money's going. And they realize where they can cut back without it affecting their lifestyle very much. For example, do a bunch of entrepreneurs like two summers ago. He came to my crib and I was helping him with something. I made him hook all this shit up to this. It went and looked at the past nine, his nineties, his spending. This motherfucker has spent like over a hundred thousand dollars on bitches, not prostitutes, but like flying bitches, blazes, buying them shit, dinners, and shit. He didn't even realize it has a quit. Maybe you don't got a hundred thousand dollar a year. Oh, have it. But every time I run out to pinnore through this, we see ways that we can actually cut spinning without it. Really affecting his lifestyle much. Remember, you have to make more money than you spend and invest the difference. So we need to really monitor our spending. I'm not even telling you to be off for rules or making your own coffee, clipping coupons. I'm telling you to just be more cognizant of what you're doing. And be able to track it and really have a scoreboard of what your shit looks like. And this cool with Monarch, you it actually tracks your net worth. And you can actually track it over time. It's fantastic. The next thing you need to do after you start tracking every dollar you spend is to cut unnecessary expenses. So it's cool about Monarch. As you can go back and see like maybe like the last 90 days and you're in a company and it does a lot of categorize before you find where you can cut unnecessary spending. What you can cut back on. For example, I was spending a lot of money on flights. I go see my son every other weekend. So it's a lot of money. And then I was like, fuck, now I've spent too much money on flights. I started using my amics points. I had like 3 million and amics points. So like I started using these points. And I started spending the points on the flights. And I easily started saving thousands of dollars a month. That's just an example. You ain't got 3 million dollar amics points. I heard some people don't. But maybe you can like start cooking at home more instead of eating out. Maybe you can cut some stringing me services that you don't need. Well, you buy the cut some only fans subscription. What am you going to do to lower your expenses? But here's the thing. It's very important. When you cut the unnecessary expenses, you have to take the money you were spending on that and invest that. So I'm people just cut expenses and don't do nothing with the extra money. Then if you cancel all your only fan subscriptions, now you got to extra $5,000 a month. Now we're not talking about being a regular. We're talking about getting rich. So the next thing you need to do is find work that allows you to not have to exchange time for money. So that's either some job where you can pay for commission or your own business. So just what you're getting paid for your results instead of for your time. Because if you only get in pay for your time, then it's a cap on your income because there's only so many hours that you need today. If you can pay by your results, then the person who's paying, they don't care how much time you spent on it. For example, Nima, a video guy, he got a whole team of my fuckers who worked for him. I don't know how much time he spends on my videos. I have no clue. I don't want to know. It give me 80 hours a week. It give me 8 minutes a week. As long as I get the videos. I don't care how long he spends. I just want the videos. I don't want to know he's my fuckers. Hey, hey, you edited the video right now. I hope I never, ever meet you. But you're doing great. But he's structured his business in a way where he just gets paid for the results in that it's time. Because when I was working on those jobs, I was getting paid for the time. Even as an in-person trainer, I was getting paid by the hour. But when I started my own life in this business, without I was able to train people online, giving them the custom workout plans, custom meal plans, and they did it on their own. My job was to keep them accountable. In this way, I wasn't getting paid for my time. I was getting paid for the results. I can help them get. Because I wasn't restricted by time anymore. I can get way, way, way more clients. I can make more money while charging them less. That's when I was able to quit all the bullshit jobs. Hey, listen, if you want to learn how to grow your online business to, I'd help about 15,000 people, gross successful online business businesses, is how I made my first million. You want to learn how to do it too? I got a free ebook for you. The link's in description is called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. And it will really give you the whole game plan of how you can actually stop exchange it's how I'm from money and use online training to start trade results from money. And it'll show you how to get the results for your clients. So you got to get clients online, grow your following. This will work for you even if you'd love a big following, even if you're not certified. The link is in the description is 100% free. But even if you don't do online training, you need to get it to some sort of vehicle or your exchange and results from money. So that can be like a commission based sales job, it could be your own business or it could be a job that just pays you for results. And he was a good example for that. Like I hired him in his team, but I just pay him for the results. Because then you have a leverage. The next thing you need to do, to get rich, is to start getting leverage. When you're a poor boy and you just broke struggling to be shanked time for money. That's because you don't have leverage. So the only thing you got is time. It's allows you to raise your income exponentially. And there's three forms of leverage. One is skills. If you have high level skills, then you can make way more money for the same amount of work. For example, if I bring it back to sales, if two is to two sales people, they're working to exact same amount of time. If one has a higher close rate, he's going to make more money because he has better what skills. So you can deliver to skills. So you've got to invest in something to give you a high income skill. Because then you get leverage. There are things you can learn that can make you better at what you do. The best music producer is going to pay more from the month I can make trash beats in his mom's house. Because he makes better beats. He makes better music. Right? So you've got to pick an area, a skill set that you wanted to develop and go all in on the development in the skill set. Because that's going to give you leverage and whatever you're doing. We've started making more money with the same amount of time. But in the skills we'll help you in business too, right? Because two businesses are doing the exact same thing. But one is better at it. If you want to make more money in the month for this win, good at it. If you have a business where you're more than in people's Facebook and Instagram, and if you're better at it than someone else, you're going to get better results for your clients. It'll be easier for you to get client because you have a better reputation. Right? Skills is very important. The next form of leverage is media. It could be social media. It could be getting publicity. The more you could control media. This is why billionaires Jeff Bezos will do shit like buy the Washington Post. Right? Because if you can control media, they can reach more people. Or is the reason Elon Musk or Twitter, even though he's losing money buying Twitter on paper, he can reach so many people. And when you can reach people, you can sell more products. Or you can have more influence. This is wildly important. Kim Kardashian, she has a huge social media presence. She can get paid like a million dollars for Instagram posts. That's leverage. She can use her media presence on social media and she's on TV. She's famous, right? Because she has a big media presence on social media presence. She's a fucking billionaire now. She was able to launch her business scams and make up fucking ton of money. Or Kylie Jenner became one of the youngest billionaires that ever all of her huge social media presence. And I asked my girl, it was her makeup. Better than fucking Revlon or Maybelline. She's like, nah, it's the same shit. It's just he has such a huge social media presence that she's able to amplify. Or even when I started online training, first thing I did was started YouTube. It was the only social media that I was proficient in. And I was able to build that up and start getting clients from YouTube. And then when Instagram came out, I started getting clients from Instagram. Now I got a million Instagram followers, right? Social media or any kind of media, but especially social media can help you with your marketing because you can reach more people. So it's easier for you to what to make sales and get customers. There's one thing that teaches my students when I'm showing them how to grow their own life. It is business person. We do up to helping craft your social media so they can actually get clients from it. And they start getting clients from your fast. If you want to learn more about that, make sure you download the ebook to 10 Commandments of online training to show you how. And then the other form of leverage is money. Right? If you got money, it's easier to make money. You ask me like, yo man, I got $1000 man, how can I invest in a gear rich? What the fuck? You can't even you got $10,000. It's not a whole lot. You can invest in to make a big difference, right? The average return on the stock market is 10% a year. You put that shit in an S&B 500. What you're going to do with that $1000 man? Fucking nothing. If you've got a good amount of money, you can help you invest in business or you can help you invest in a stock market or you can help you invest in real estate is the ultimate form of leverage. Everybody is zig-zagging. Everything's the same. You need to focus on the other two skills and media. You should focus on social media is you not about the buy, a newspaper, a magazine or some shit like Japanese social media kind of democratize it. Right? You need to work on building a social media because it makes everything easier. You can make money off your own social media as well. I made millions of social media. This is it. If you want to go deeper into the leverage, I got another video that you will watch right now that really take that part to the next level. All right? Go check it out right now.

=== FILE: Full Day Teaching, Heat Game, Podcast, Dinner w @Kinobody [8ReYr_piiBU].txt ===

Hey, I'm better than it, I don't need a cab, I said they rise to me And it's also bad on me, I know there's no friends, it's been this day I keep my family close, go, put it work in, it's a good bag And then take it back to my phone We're doing another day in a life From my brolly first meal of the day, sardines, water While watching sports sector, let's get it I saw the days going to be a different kind of day in the life, a lot of times when I filmed day in the life, it's more of an exciting day, with his day, I'm going to show you what it's like to really run your own business and really just work It's still going to have fun, still going to be exciting, but you're going to really see by the scenes or what it's like to work, run in, most of the million dollar business, let's get it About the meat, one of my star studios right now, he made a ton of what he was first here in the program, he has been a four year buddy, so he's been a risk-sets story, he's a talent, suck me up to get it All right y'all, I'm here with two of my students, man, HTC lean, that's come all now, man, listen, how much money you made in HTT so far? Man, since August, post to 80,000 since August, how many months is that so they know? Except to months on the moon. Eight months, 80,000, something like that, yeah, you were like 10k enough, you know, come all man, let's go man, by way, how much money you made? So last week, I made my record week, so it was four for the line k, come on man, but you've got a new little column for you too, yeah, I just moved to one, so it's like, you know, this should work wherever you have, how is HTT help you guys like, build your businesses, y'all love it, it gives you the system, the blue part, the accountability and the culture. So that's all you need to be successful, you get the mindset training, so that you get the system, the implementation strategy. So then it's bulletproof, you just show up and do the work, you do the work, you're not lazy, yeah, get the work, quite a little, if you lazy, don't even try, you lazy man, like nothing's gonna work, you lazy, people think it ain't your rich quick, you gotta put, you gotta put in work, and that's why I admire y'all because y'all put in the work the whole time. And how is it doing in Colombia? Like is there a difference that you see or is the same shit? No, it's the same shit, he's like, hey, don't have any Colombian clients that have been just from your west in Europe, yeah, I'll try that, so, so you're making 4,000 US in Colombia, so that's like, he's either like a baller, yeah, of course. If I never a son, I would be doing like you, I'd be because of somewhere in Latin America with a money, thinking all the money online, it works wherever you at man, yeah, yeah, okay. I need to go a long way out, let's show man, listen, listen guys, if you guys want to get it like my students, you know, you seem to have to test some of your, uh, there's a pre-book of the tanker man, it's a vone line training, it's sure you gotta grow your all life, it's business, even if you go have a lot of experience, even if you're not certified, even if you go have a big bottle of it, all right, this is head to the lady in the scripture, be download the ebook. All right, so what's about to happen now is I'm going to do a live training for my students. I do a live training with them every week and what we started these calls off is I asked them, hey, I was wondering me this week, how many clients you guys this week and let me show you something to resolve to get. So give me some updates, start with you McGill. We're at, um, 26k, when you see this cap in the muffs up on? Yeah, yeah, we're gonna step it up, we're gonna step it up. Oh, so far for the month, we had 35k. Oh, it was looking really good, man. Leonardo, what about you? So we, uh, 20,500 so far for the month. When he's out of the oven, so far for the month, you know, sir, hey, that's not bad at all, man. Well, it's an amazing right, listen, if you want to learn out of growing on a live business tools, you start getting some money like my students, like they download the free book 10 Commandments of Online Train, Link is in the description and it walking down in cash. So you gotta go your online business business, even if you're going to pick up on even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience. I was having an hour, it's about to go do a podcast, uh, somebody else's a podcast, you know, they had to get the king on their man, so get the views up so I'm gonna help him out right quick. Let's do it. Let's take it back for a second. So what were you born and raised? Self-sized to coagled. You from Chicago too, right? I was in Chicago for three and a half years, so I just say I'm partly from Chicago. Oh, get them out from Chicago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so mom, dad, met in Chicago. They met in Chicago. They had me, you know, it was funny, man. His, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, I mean, nobody chooses to live on a South-Sycht Chicago because they've rich, right? So we go, you know, kind of poor. Actually, these really poor. My dad, he lived with us right in my parents from here. But I see him a lot because he was like busy trying to get his business started. Yeah, trying to get it just going, you know, he's just struggling and struggling, trying to make it work. And then fast forward a few years, I get sent a way to military school for high school because I got to support trouble. You know, it's normal shit, you know, like, skipping school fights, shootouts, you know, normal shit around like my second year of high school. His business started to take off. Right. But this is like 16 years from morning that right, because he started before I was born. Yeah. And it finally started to work. He was his business. But I'm a graduated from high school. He was making $3 million a year. But you ever remember that was in 2000. Right. So that was, that would be equivalent to $8 million a year. And today's money. But then on with the college, how were university? School of business. But I'm a graduate. He had lost all the money. He fucked it all up. And then, uh, like a year or two after that, he committed suicide. There's a lot of lessons there. Right. So one, if you're persistent, you know, you can make it right here. He's having people to quit after the first year in the second year. Yeah. But he was like 16, 17 years, cried in the finally made it work. And then it worked. But the other lesson is, what's he started making money. He started indulging in the fruits of his labor a little bit. You know, a lot, like too much. You know, yeah. I remember when I was talking about my camera from college, he was like, yeah, I just bought a cat like random today. I'm over your thinking, man, I don't know. That's a wise financial. It has me. He's like, no, I mean, I would get money. He never would have the college he even read away for high school. Yeah. So he's still like a street bill. But you are, sit down. What did told me was, all right, once you start making money, it's like you've got to keep doing the got you there. Yeah. You know, you can't take your foot off the gas because they ain't no one out of money. You can't fuck up. I already said if you're so over with this, the best interview ever did or the greatest. Seriously, this was a solid podcast. He's got to be up there. Honestly, in regard to like, if I just gave you the facts in the data, this is a top two, the two podcasts I did today. Yeah. You're my top, I've done 260. I think today. Oh, I've read like the like in-rit when this gets published, doesn't but be like top two. Next, between you, that's what you're on. You're from my, my, my, my, my guy at this morning. A man from graduate lace. Yeah. Glad I could help. Not tracking, black and man. You know, Greg, you just moved to Miami. Moved to Miami. Got a new pad. Yeah. Off to be here. So he, I missed Miami. It feels incredible. The moment. So the thing that's in, I got to go full floor. I got to get like a few pistols. Hey, man, if you're talking to the right person, doctor, right? I mean, I flattened down with me. I can tomorrow with I can't, I can't buy the brand new, but I can buy them used. So if you get a brand new, I can buy it off here. Oh, man, I'll sell you crystals all day. I, right now, I'm headed to the heat game with the homie Jeremy. The one of other boys, Eric. Yeah, thorses. It'll be lit. I'm going to check out ball and see if they can do anything tonight. You know what's going to do? Yeah, well, you got a different exit when you see it. Yeah, when you got a different exit when you see it, four sides, man. Yeah, just try to do the next side. Pxy, you can't be going out with the regular book. Get the brand new part. I got a private elevator in Miami or a mid. Yeah, the heat lost. That was a fun game with dogs. You know, while I was there, I met some other dudes, Sigourtsack, and they were all nine trainers. News, they weren't hate for them, and they were all nine trainers. And they said that, you know, my, my, it's a combination of content. It helped them out a lot to get to when they are listening. If you want to learn to grow your online fitness business, I got a free ebook. Could it help you do that? It's called the tank command. It's of all nine trainers. It shouldn't exactly got to grow. You learn a lot of things business. Even if you are a big problem, the ladies are like, good dowel and for free, it will really give you the game. How does business is where you end and how you start getting money like a businessman. Get home.

=== FILE: Heres How To Stop Thinking Like The 99% [8N1OHoR2cHU].txt ===

I am here in my boy, Derek Moneyberg's. Amazing new. What is the media studio podcast studio? Crowds studio, kitchen. Helless. It's an extension of the palace. So you go to the money building. You built this in your garage. And this garage is better than in most people's homes. All right, for sure, objectively crew. And you got the cars in the background and made back the new fan of them. And you got that when you want to be low key. Yeah, the appeal. They don't even know what an LPN is. Normal person, normal person, but the LPN is like the top of the line best best. BMW can buy. I was guessing. Actually, that's the fastest vehicle. Those three, as far as like a sports performance vehicle. Or you might have a big car guy. But as far as sports performance vehicle, that Alpina back there, has got like 631 horsepower 0 to 60 and 3.9. I think. Twin turbo, blah, blah, blah, blah. What kind of fancy? Okay, slew the cars. How much did you spin on this whole studio? It's like turning into the garage. It's what studio. Uh, I'll put a little over 1.3, less than 1.4, 1.3 something. Million. Million. Yeah. All right. What was that so important? Dad, this studio space. Because you haven't done the studio upstairs. What was this important to build this one? It was fun to have a second studio. I was interested in this space in the building. And then it wasn't exactly for sale, but I kind of made it for sale. And then I wanted to renovate it to look like the padless upstairs. You know, that might jam like my combat center, like my other studio. I wanted to have that same look and feel inside. So yeah, when the opportunity came up, I think this is a good time to make that property available for sale. And then purchase it. And then I wanted to redesign it exactly how I wanted to. Is it the first interview? Are we like, kissing in it? Is that? Or it might be the first interview show. It is the first one. Let's go. But it makes a lot of sense for you because you have a lot of high level people. Like around you working with you like top athletes. Well, you know, I found a movie. You gave me a lot of guidance about fitness, nutrition, you know, how to live up to more lifestyle. I think you know, live your best life, man. So I think I got to give a band of Carter credit for that. Yeah, we know each other. I'm 10 years. I think I don't all guess it's going to be 10 years. It's really bad. About 10 years. So a couple months of being 10 years ago, we met. And I was always pretty strong. I was into lifting up some weights and stuff. I was kind of a faddy for a while. And yeah, it's over time. I just wanted to make like, if it's not so cocky to say. I just true, is that that like, well, you're only going to be a life one time, man. So like, why don't we do everything the best we could make it? Yeah. Like, why don't we have the best life you could have? And I thought, well, what would that look like? Like, what would like a superhero, slash supervillian, like, look like, kind of like, well, you know, I should be, I was already smart. I went to, yeah, I didn't start out this way. But I went to the best schools, you wrote in Chicago. I went to university, Chicago for grad school. After you pee in a interior elect youth, you have plenty of little troubles in setbacks. And like, if I went to Chicago for, went to the best business school in a country, best business school in the world. I'm strong. I got body building coaches, helped me with my strength. You know, you felt me with different things of fitness over the years. I got a lot of MMA coaches. They're like, I'm at the top, the top MMA fighters and, you know, to get super practitioners in the world, the whole last year of any qualified nurse and current world champions, former world champions, they come trained with me, so help me out of that. And I just think anything that you could be great at, why not do that, man? So, what would make one person, like objectively a better person? It makes people feel uncomfortable when you say that sometimes. So he thinks he's better than other people. I do. I do think I'm better than other people. So, like, I'm smarter than them. I went through the trouble to make more money than them. I went through the trouble to build better social skills and better social networks. I went through trouble to go work my ass off, to be, you know, strong, be able to beat up some two-hundred fight, like, you know, I went through the trouble to do those things. Um, yeah, do I think I'm better than some way who's like, weak, dumb, with, you wish to listen. I want to be sure, then I was yesterday. I want to be better than over is it broke my version of myself, and I said, every, you should be striving to be better. You know, I'm just going to maximize, you know, everything you've had. That's the cocky version. The way I said that sounds very cocky. Yeah, it's not arrogant because it happens to be true, but it does sound very cocky, but it didn't start off that way, you know? So it started off with, it was, is a child. Um, I didn't have much of shit. And I didn't have much, you know, I had a, a blow-away-over-child to it. And I wanted to make sure I had a way above average adulthood, you know? So I do think it's important to like, um, find the best teachers, the best coaches, the work hard every day, go to bed, better than when you woke up, be a better man, better person, you know? Yeah, and now that you got this boggy zoo, you can interview some of those cobe de zir. Yeah, I have amazing coaches over here every week training with me. Help me a lot with martial arts, help me a lot with my, I strength training, and I'm not trying to be a bodybuilder. I do train like a profiter, you know, you have some strength training in there too, you have to help me with that. But, um, yeah, I had some great bodybuilders to help me, they're, you know, flex, Lewis help me a lot with bodybuilding, my name, Elylis Sorkar, I felt me a lot with bodybuilding. I got an influx, we either helped me with a couple things. And, um, yeah, man, I, I, I, I, I, I helped a lot, and then, you know, the roster MMA fighters, it really helped me a lot of, you know, um, high level skills and, and grappling and striking and, uh, like, literature, good MMA skills, now. Uh, yeah, that's what's up, man. So, you built this studio, right? And you got, you got all these, they trained, what's, what's the plan with the studio? And now you have access to these coaches that you've been working with for years, like, what's the game plan behind it? Because you spent, you, you don't spend, close to two minutes. We would, how much you say two minutes? Now what you said with vehicles, another cost, with the vehicles are not inexpensive, earlier we were staying that number, including vehicles, was, you know, approaching three million, but, uh, you know, just that, just that rules race is about 800,000, and, you know, may box, not give them away, they've had two cheap in the, you know, then so on. So, uh, but yeah, the real estate, I spent, uh, 1.3 something close to 1.8 years, we're gonna come and bring that a plane. Well, I already have a studio, and I thought it was fun to be able to film down here too, some tell you, sometimes gonna use the main studio for that, my mentoring calls, and I thought, I saw this as a, you know, a fun environment to be able to film for, uh, you know, when I want to do interviews and fun little chats, like we're having right now, random chats, and have to use to share with the world, you know? Yeah. First is when I do my mentoring calls for my business, you know, I tend to do that in my studio, and the, the other big studio. Yeah, I had something like that to have, uh, it meeting, you know, like this, but I got a studio where I do, like, my podcast, and YouTube live, but then I got, you know, a smaller, like, more like a office space where I do my mentoring calls, and my meetings and shit like that. Yeah. Well, what are some of the superhero things that you worked on over the years that, uh, I know when I say something like that, there's somebody, very skinny legs, and, uh, and even weaker work ethic, they got money, but rather dead, so that. Yeah. And, um, just remember, man, like the number one thing I hate or hates is themselves, I'm on my way. I just wanted to be, live the best life that I could live. And Brandon's helped me with that quite a lot, I honestly, we helped each other with business, and we helped each other, and mostly you helped me with fitness, helped you with some things on the stock market. I just don't say, man, you helped me make a lot of my business somewhere. I ain't known nothing about investing in business, not marketing it until like you sit down and really coach me. What were some of your superhero goals like growing up, you know, when you're a child, you're like, I want to be more like this. I want to be a better man. How are you thinking about this sort of thing? You know, man, I grew up not far from you, right Chicago on the South Side, right? And, uh, you know, I hope for whatever reason, and they put that school, like right in the hood, you, I ain't gonna tell you, you know, yeah, I'm sure it was the same, uh, same demographic and circumstance, yeah, yeah, and the 1800s when they built this. I'm sure that was their intention. Yeah, I'm sure it was her best. It was made of Americanhood, man. No. Yeah, it was South Side. The reputation is perceived itself. Anyway, it's uh, where me, man, it was, it was, a ground grown up because I grew up on the South Side. I had very low expectations, man. And like you become like the people you're around. And it was kind of like, you know, when I, even when I talk to kids from here now, they're like, they don't think they can grow up and be like, well, can it's successful? And they're not gonna be, and I think, I'm gonna be a hedgehog manager or I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be an angel investor, right? They think it's like, it will not be alive at 30, right? So it was more along those lines. And then what happened was like, I sent away the military school, because I got a little bit troubled, you know, another crazy man, fucking fights, skip school, shootouts, you know, little, this is your normal kid shit. And they sent me in the way to military school. And then I was there, I was like one of the only guy kids from that kind of background. There was some like real rich kids there, like some real rich kids there. And I met them and I would go to became friends with them, I went to their houses. And I said, oh wait, it's another world, it's real. So like one of the main things I wanted to do was just really get some real money, get out the hood, and that was the first time I had motivation. But it was a very important thing that I changed my my surroundings. And then you got to get around people are winning. And this was those kids parents. You know, they were like the first all-wim in some different, no, this is another way. And so maybe I could college. Because it wasn't an ambition, you know? And then I was like, okay, so I started climbing up a school and it was like a fucking 3.8 GPA, I scored pretty high on my SC, SATs, got in a bunch of schools. I had my, I was going to go to the Paul, but I was like, you know, let me just get out of Chicago. You know, and I went to Howard University. And it just, it just put me on different trajectory. And then I was like, I need to get rich. I need to get rich and I need to be like fit. The strongest boss. I want to, I want to look like look like a superhero be able to do athletic shit and be rich. I didn't want to, I didn't want to beat the trade off. I know a lot of people make the trade off. And I didn't want to do that. You know, I wanted, those are the main things I thought about. And so I had that many facets of the self was just aggressive, study, and aggressive learning. And I don't need school, but outside of school reading, masterminds, mentors, and just hitting the gym every day for like 25 years in a row. Yeah. There's June Day of the year. Just 25 years in a row, me. You know, tracking everything I eat. Yeah. Yeah. Just what you just do that you do that you do that you do that you do that you should have two and a half decades may you should make some progress. You know, I think that's an important thing to discuss this. It's okay to have our day shift goals. If you don't have some some lunatic idea that you're going to accomplish this afternoon, overnight. I think that's the biggest mistake people make because the goals are too small. And then they make them a small goals because if they can't imagine themselves doing something quickly, then they don't have the game plan and the motivation. More importantly, the discipline to put in the work day after day, day after day and get things done. So, you know, we're about to get my black belt and to introduce you. Bigger competition. Yeah, the next few months, straight around the corner. And, and that's a black belt and it takes sales. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, it's different. There's different. There's some guy. You know? Well, you know what? Chale Sone and for people to follow martial arts or, you know, UFC, slash MMA, Chale Sone and who's, you know, was excellent fighter and, you know, well, respected, shit talker and, you know, ask kicker. He reached out to me a few months ago. He asked me some advice about options, contracts and how, how, stock market. And, switch at it about that from maybe 15 minutes. And he's like, you know, you still been draining regularly. And like, yeah, of course, he's a Ustilfano at Jake. I see, Jake Shields when we started together and he done my main MMA coach. And, you know, I have, I have, I have Lioto Machito and Glover to share her to help me with my strike him. So they're trading, I trade with you all through all the three you guys once it was intense. It's intense. Yeah, it's intense to me. So I ask Glover and Lioto to, you know, there's, there's are my coaches for, like, for Kempo karate, I'm like halfway to Black Belt and they're a Kempo karate system. Um, but yeah, Jake Shields is my band, my, uh, Jitu, you know, slash grappling coach. And, um, all my belts for grappling for Jitu under Jake. Um, and he said, he's like, wow, that's really something to be proud of. Jial said, he said, you know, George St. Pierre said years ago, Jake Shields is the best MMA Grandplur ever. You know, when I heard that, I thought, is that true? Who's better than Jake Shields? I thought, you know, DME and Maya. So no Jake beat, DME and Maya. I thought of a couple other people. And now he's better than that. He's a, oh, Jake Shields is the best MMA Grandplur ever. He's like, that's really going to accomplish meant to hit your Black Belt, under, you know, I'm saying that's all I wanted to highlight it. You know, because I feel proud about that. Jake's a very good man. He's been doing it. Yeah, very good man, very, very honorable. We've been very consistent together. And we'll let's appoint the no one to get back to is like, um, yeah, that's a lot of, it takes a lot of consistency. You know, when you were here sometime ago, uh, I think in December, my friend, Grace Gracie was here. And you know, Grace was another person who's been, you know, culture meant to work to me and in Giu-Jitsu and MMA. In Grace Gracie said, like, uh, when I got my Brown Belt, as well, you know, I only been training like two and a half years. And I know that's very fast to be promoted to Brown Belt and two and a half years. He said, no, no, no, he said, you did nine years of training into one half years. You didn't train two and a half years. You did nine years of training into one half years. And that's coming from police. This way is Grace. Yeah. So, um, no, I feel like that's the type of work ethic that if you want to have top level to be sold, such a type of work ethic that everything I've been successful at, I took it seriously, like that. Not even seriously, like you're an extremist. Yeah, I've heard of that anytime anytime I say anything about, you know, money or freedom, they use that word. Yeah, yeah, extreme. But it makes us, right? You got extreme results, right? You need to have extreme actions to give extreme results. And I think the way you dove into martial arts is just another reflection in that. Well, you can't be superhero doing, you know, every shit. Yeah. They want to have superhero outcomes. And you're going to have to engage in some superhero behaviors and all that effect. Yeah. So, you know, if you, I would have started like, uh, I, you know, what you and I talked about this earlier, like, I don't have, I say some cocky things once in a while, but for the people that are still here, that weren't turned off by that with your single-digit IQs. For those remaining, like, I'm not a very cocky person in real life. I was like, I don't want to do shit my way. I want to do it the best way. I want to do I want to do things in a way that's going to get the best results. Yeah, also I want to get money. Also, I too wish to get money. Yeah. I get money. Money, I got, get it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like affirmation. It's like affirmation. Yeah. You money, man. Yeah. Yeah. Mine just turned silent. Yeah. It's smart. I just put my house out of it. So, I have a costume in my underwear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you want to have, you know, uncommon results. If you want to have exceptional results, you're going to have to engage in exceptional behaviorism. The people that don't want to do it. The success is not for everyone. It's not. Success is not for everyone. If you want to have exceptional results, you have to engage in exceptional behaviors. Then you have to do that consistently. What if you only engage them in the business habits that you have, where the fitness, or the dietary habits, what if you only do that at times it was convenient or times when you were motivated? Bro, I think I rather you do nothing than do something and consistently. Because at least if you get do nothing, you, you don't give yourself false hope. Right? Or false belief. Right? You can't be, you can't feel like you were cheated or like, like, it's not fair if you know you didn't try. Right? But if you, but if you, but if you were inconsistent with anything, they fuck around and you just enough to fail. Because if you didn't, if you didn't do anything, you didn't even fail. You didn't try. Right? People say, oh, well, some just better than nothing. None of them. Nothing's better than something. Right? You put, put all the effort into some of you could do consistent. When you just fuck around a little bit, you really just do it. Just enough to fail. You know what I'm saying? Not here. Yeah. You said unreasonable goal. If then, you know, fail to live up to that standard, fail to achieve an outcome. Yeah. It is a definition that will make you a failure. Yeah. Exactly. It's funny. I remember you, it was during the pandemic and you were super focused on stock market. Right? So you made a lot of money as a result. And you used to keep saying, listen, I'm going to focus on the stock market. We're in the super opportunity. But when I'm ready, I'm going to get super like then on my fitness. You would tell me that. Yeah. And I believe you. I understood that. I didn't think you were bushed out of the center because I'm like, yeah, man, don't fuck around it to you until you're ready to dive in and be consistent. And then I didn't know you were going to go this hard. You know, I'm saying, but you were that hard. And you've been doing for the like three years plus. Right? So it makes, it makes total sense. That was that's perfect. If you're not going to be consistent because you know, you got another priority, maybe that's fine. We got some else going on. And you did it in that. You know, during that time, when we feel like back at 2020, when the world lost a stay in mind and people acted, obscenely foolish in many ways. Yeah. But these are the best times in the world to make serious money on the stock market when people are panicked and scared and freaked out about really not much. Um, as amazing as amazing opportunities. And you know, I just, I looked at that. It took me, I don't know, you know, I was just 29 when I had a million dollars. And you know, my early 30s, had a few million dollars. I still drive in a Honda. I had a few million dollars. And was driving an old Honda car. People make fun of that sometimes. I had a couple hundred thousand miles on that car. Oh, yeah. You know, I have four point something five million in, you know, net worth. Um, I'd chip to a few things. And I made, uh, you know, over the years, and you put away half a million and a half million and a half million and it adds up. But going in 2011, when that hysteria struck, um, yeah, do you know, 10 point something, 11 million dollars, yeah. And then, you know, in, in less than two years, before the under 2021, I had about 53 million. So I made about 42 million added to my net worth. Well, other people were, you know, hiding under a bed and watching, you know, under news about, uh, you know, with horror movie music and the background, it's supposed to give you the chills. So some of them want to forget about that time. But you know, who you were, you know, who you were with the diaper on your head. I had an under the bed. Um, see how when people are acting absurd and hysterical, I was the best time to make money. Mm-hmm. It was the best time to make money. Yeah. You know, at that time, I was like 300 pounds. I was 30% body fat, 300 pounds. And haters on the internet, you're fat. Why should I, why should I listen to your advice about business? You're fat. My mom don't. I don't mind. I just made 42 million dollars in the past, you know, you're half, but if you want to listen to somebody else or or just do what you've been doing, the happy result just keep doing what you've been doing, man. I keep doing what you're doing. If you're happy with your results, I don't mind. Yeah. But you know, if you want to have a balanced life, you can have a balanced life over time. But when somebody talks to, you know, somebody who's in their 20s, in their 30s, talks about bail. I think that's a dire mistake. It's a huge mistake. You need to extremely unbeil the life in your 20s and 30s. You need to be building your super hero repertoire, like, you know, being smarter than the other man, being harder, working than the other man, you know, building better social networks and relationships. Since your friendship, when I say MSA and networking and like fake network, even creating like fake little relationships, I mean, building like real friendships and alliances and like, you know, a strong warrior or strong general, the king, you know, is the king because it has great alliances and friendships with other people that matter, other powerful people, other intelligent people, other people that contribute to the kingdom, you know. I think those friendships and relationships are important. I think you're building your strength this cool. I think you're building, being able to defend yourself or, you know, kill an attacker who would wish you harm your evil door. Yeah, I think that's a good thing. You know, any of these things, what permutation would, you know, if you were picking the type of man you'd want your daughter to date, it would be a list of those type of things. If you were picking like the type of person you'd want to be your business partner or your like a a strong ally or hunter or her companion in life to go do tough man shit, you like that do it to be like smart or loyal, strong, able to defend himself, probably to be cool if he has some resource, financial resources, social resources, so you got to build the life that you want, you know, you got to build that kind of life and if you don't want to do the work, just go do some normal people shit, that's okay with me, but I wanted to have the best life I could have thought, hey, hey, I'd be dead soon enough, you know, how do we make things as good as possible? And I think you're another person that's been disciplined on your vision to, you know, I know you were 10 years you've been gleamed the whole time, strong, lean, you know, always focused on the the same few principles and the same few goals and enhancing them, so, how man, I don't care about the new trendy thing, I'm going to do, I'm going to do those like timeless success indicators on their build those for the rest of my life, you know? Yeah, I like what you said about bound is being a trap, is a scam. Unless you want to be a regular guy, there's a regular shit. Yeah, then yeah, bounce probably a good. That's cool, man, if you don't mind having like a small house, yeah, big wife, you could be more balanced, but more balance gives you average results, bounce will give you average results, but you know, in the average American, has less than a thousand thousand of income. Yeah, average American is like, you know, closest to 20 pounds of weight, the average American, just it is not really winning on by any metric. Yeah, right now, average man can't have an average woman. An average man can't keep an average woman because the average woman can still even have a relationship or at least some time in attention from an above average man. Yeah, so an average man by definition has to have a notably below average woman. In some of the, some of the most below average men don't have any woman at all. Yeah, so, you know, if you don't mind having like, if you want to be an average man and have like a 25% tile woman and a thousand dollars in your bank account, and what type of kids you want. Four things. Yeah, four A next fifths, thing to actually be here in the other of those circumstances, living with their big mom and this is a mall house. Dang it. You know, damn, indeed, even spam. Oh, you know, I'm saying one public school. Public school. Hey, no, tell them what they teach you there. Nothing, nothing that'll make you successful. That's a fact. Flying, flying, spirit, airlines. Maybe not flying. Yeah, maybe not flying. Yeah, once a year, once a year, when they had taken a different one, they could take a fancy trip once a year as an adult spirit. Maybe maybe a road trip. You just, and a used car. Yeah, it's just like, it that's cool with you. And balances, it's like a great path for that, right? But if you want to stream results, you have a couldn't stream effort. Like that balance it doesn't even happen in the fucking movies, right? Bad man wasn't balanced, right? You know, it was here, but like, you know, it doesn't even happen in the fucking movies. It's too unbelievably. So it's so dumb to the ink that you could have outstanding results without an outstanding effort. Like you say, even in a Hollywood movie, they would never tell such a silly story. He's just so going to be late, but no, no, no, why do I do it? Oh, yeah, I don't pick up on that. They wouldn't believe it. You got to be in extraneous. You could be born in a different galaxy far away. And like, oh, this would be worked hard. But he went and saw it out of mentor. Yeah, the dude looks guy walker with born in a different galaxy far away. But we haven't found a mentor and helped him like, you know, on the path. Yeah, Mrs. She hasn't been important to you, like mentorship. You know what, when I was kid, was truly misguided. I was truly misguided youth. And I didn't have any mentors. I had to go guess and check, you know, because my father wasn't around. My father was, you know, he was busy with an illegal business when I was a child. And then when I was seven, he went to prison for here 15 year prison sentence. So, you know, before he went to prison, he was busy selling and then he went to prison for a long time. So he really wasn't around from my childhood. And my mother was not the best mother. Yeah, you know, she could have been worse, could have been worse. But you know, I didn't, I didn't have like, I had no role model, I had anti-role models, which is useful. I don't, I don't mean to say it, you know, in the environment that I was in, you look around, you'd be like, all right, like, I remember how my parents used to fight when I was a child. They say terrible things to each other and, you know, be violent with each other sometimes. And I thought, like, all right, when I grew up, I'm not going to do that. I don't want to live that, I don't want to treat my woman that way. And I'm not going to accept a woman who would treat me that way, you know. So then you look around as other things happen in the environment. He is there when there's a lot of people that were alcoholic, so you used and broke the relationship. And I was like, all right, that doesn't look like it's going to help me be my best self or accomplish my best goals, you know. So that's, those anti-role models are useful, believe it or not. You're like, yeah, because there's some clear things. You'd be like, all right, like, you know, every substance abuse doesn't look like a wise path forward here. Yeah, so that that's good though. Because there's some people that that becomes successful when they go to a crazy shit, like they're in the ruined the whole life. They don't have the reference points. Yeah. So I don't think that was a totally bread thing. But, you know, when when you're then you're there, I know I'm not doing these few things. I know to never do those things. What the hell should I do? And then when you got to go guess and check like that, that's very painful. Because, you know, even if you're working hard on the wrong things, you can be making your life worse. Yeah, hard works. Not enough. You can work really hard. But if you're doing, if you're making that effort towards the wrong things, you're making things worse. Yeah. And you only got so much hard work. You can put out in your lifetime, you know. So I think it's very important. But it's better to learn from somebody else's mistakes than to go make your own mistakes. You're going to pay one way or the other. You're going to pay for a good mentor. You pay for that by making yourself useful to that person. You might pay what's money. You might pay with your time to make yourself useful to that person and provide a product or service or do something for them to enhance their life substantially. They'll take a more mature point. You want the right direction on occasion. You know. But that's a lot lower price to pay than the price of my cavity or the price of stupidity. And, you know, I want to banish like a bit of my ignorance every day and be a little less ignorant, little more wise when I go to sleep every day. So I understood, you know, I got to go find the best teachers, the best coaches, the best mentors, so it helped me accomplish my goals. Yeah, you know, they say experience the best teacher. But I always think they have to be your experience. Right. You can learn from someone else's experience. Like what I got into the stock market, you had like decades of experience in it already, right? That was into a benefit from your experience without having to go through the same trial in tribulation. It made a lot of money of the result. Yeah, I don't want to put me 30 years of thinking about it in my years of university at the beginning. To me, a lot of books. Yeah, an economic seems and like and I didn't have to do any of that. I could just talk to you. Right. It's like, it's a fucking Tico. It's like it was really a Tico. It is a Tico when you find I think the closest things to like a shortcut. There's no shortcut. There's no shortcut. But the closest thing to a shortcut to accomplish in your goals is find somebody who already did the thing that they want to do. Find somebody who already did that and real life and make yourself useful to that person that they're willing to take a moment of time and to point you on the right direction. Yeah. And you know, they may or may not be nice to you, which shouldn't matter. You know, like if Warren Buffett, I've used this analogy for some time, I think it'd be hilarious and amazing. Like if Warren Buffett, you know, if he had a little nephew or something, that he didn't even like that little shit hit. No, but just theoretically say he took the time to send him a text every day or to send you a text every day with like three bullet points. Even if two of the bullet points were insults, the ban I'm disappointed with you. It would have fucking. You just shit together. Yeah. By the way, take a look at this stock. If you guys send your little daily text with like three bullet points, two of them could be insults. But if the third one was like a new point on the right direction, man, to make your life better. Wouldn't it? I don't think you'd like to hear Warren's input. Yeah. So hey, I'm buying such and such to be. Yeah. Hey, I'm do some research on this. Let me know what you think. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it's so important to have somebody to point you on the right direction. I think this is the closest thing to to magic, closest thing to cheating that the people that have good coaches and mentors and also have the intellect and work ethic to go do the thing. Or second have the best results. Yeah. How could it be otherwise? Yeah. I've been saying for, you know, sometime now, I have this thought a while going to thought, you know, when somebody's all you say, yeah, I'm going to do this now. They're going to do the going to do the going to do. I was said, you know what? Your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. Your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. And think about that. I just like, if you were making a hell of an effort and you don't have results, what does that mean? Yeah. You're probably not very smart. You probably have them in doing the right things. Because if you were working really hard, really giving it your all in your results or still poor, then your thinking has got to be off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What if you were really smart? Where if you're super smart, but you still don't have results? Well, it sounds like you're work ethic has been slagging in those people are not rare. They're everywhere. A lot of smart people that don't do shit. That should be good news for both of those of you that are spark and not. That you don't have to be the smartest person, but if you're willing to work harder than them, if you're smart enough, and you're willing to help work through those high IQ lazy individuals, you can learn a lot better. I will come to them. Yeah. And how is big fun? I kind of focus on my smartest clients like hi-i-q and nerdy people and doesn't piss you off when you see somebody that's dumber than you, getting better results. And they're like, yeah, universally, they understand, you know, like, how do you feel when you see somebody who's not as smart as you burning better results than you are? That universally, that makes people a little, but why do you think they're doing that? How do you think that happens, Mark? Oh, yeah. Yeah, your results tell the truth about your effort and your intellect. That makes a lot of sense. The Bible even says, by their fruits, you should know them. You know what it is, what it is, what was happening right now is really just, you know, the results are like, lagging indicators. It just shows what happened, you know, but like, the lead indicators like tell the future like, well, after you put in on a daily basis after system, you are, right? You know, you really got to figure out what those lead indicators on and think it's like super specific with them and super consistent with them, whatever context it is, right? And the best way to do that is to get, you know, a mentor. And it's the only form of learning that it doesn't fail. Like, we've all read books and didn't do the shit in the book, you know, all of us, you know what I'm saying? Like, I bought courses or programs and maybe I didn't do the shit business, you know what I'm saying? But when you have a mentor, I mean, that's the fucking form of learning that never fails. You know, that's how we all learn math. We, there was a fucking a doll taught us how to fucking do it, who already did it. That's how we all most of us learn to walk. Right? There was some kind of fucking coaching us or somebody coaching us where you want to you're a busking ass in many times. It's the, but you know, you can't, you know, you can't get a book on like how to swim, you know, tell you, you should get into water and you're probably going to get into water with a coach. Yeah, you need a book about your gym suit. Yeah, now you can't read a book about your gym suit and then you can play most. You know, having to act the guy. Yeah. Hey, I read you all me and you understand man, I read this book. I saw some for YouTube videos. So all these YouTube videos, this is podcast. I'm reading it out. You know, I don't think you were like that. You went, Buster, bore you, shut out to Dustin, a Dustin been a decent friend. We did a few talks together and he had a few of some stuff like that. Dustin, bore you a one is or interim belt some years ago. And when he, when I went and held that belt, when he got to his hands on that belt, you know, he says, this is my belt. I earned this paid in, paid in full, paid in blood. And it's not an exaggeration. It's like, the, if you heard the tone of his voice is, you know, the voice of like a pound man, you know, they, she's not being aired in a kayaki. He'd like, you know, I, I work hard and I'm glad for this, you know, literally decades. So, you know, I think that guy, and I insulted him, I'm saying, I think that guy's got like an eighth grade education. I'm not sure that he finished high school. That may not be true, that's my understanding. But, um, which I'm not making fun of him for him, saying, a guy that came from that environment, that guy worked hard, did a hard worker, did a hard worker, and anti-adgrade coaches, you know. Yeah. And, you know, that's the price man. If you want to have like, there was type of results like champion results is like, you know, paid, paid in blood. That you're going to go with whatever is necessary day after day. And, you know, concussion is a bleeding. Yeah. And even, you know, my, my training, you know, I'm not trying to be a UFC champion, but I trained with many UFC champions. And, um, yeah, you know, I have plenty, plenty of soreness, plenty of body aches, you know, a couple of serious injuries that would never be fixed without surgery. Um, but, you know, that, that's what makes those people respect you as you're going to show up. Um, and I created an accountability schedule where my schedule is full. You know, all the 20, 25, my schedules fall here in advance. Sometimes 14, 16 months in advance. I know who my coach is. I know which coach has come in this week, and the next week, and the next week, and I showed up and put them at effort. You know, the first two years is you just get beatups. Some holiday people. And it is not, it don't feel good, you know? They don't feel good for your body. It don't feel good for your ego. But that's what's necessary. If you want to accomplish a higher level goal. And, uh, you know, it's the same thing in business. Like, you know, I'm, I mean, plenty of bad mistakes. This is a child. And then you do guess and check, guess and check and finally, you know, if you're working hard enough, and you will, and to make yourself useful to others, and, you know, pay the price of, uh, mentorship, then, you know, have found good teachers and good coaches that would help me, good mentors, point me on the right direction. And that change my results so much. And I'll be right back. So you need those two things without those two things. There's no notable success of my opinion. If you ever seen anybody be wildly successful, but was lazy and didn't have a good coach for teacher? No. No. No. No. Like, you can't even be lucky that you won't be able to capitalize on you. Like, if a lucky circumstances comes up, you can't capitalize on it without the preparation. I mean, the salty one, some base is good luck. When I say I'm about to do something, say I'll good luck. Then they mean it in the, in the late house at a way. And like, do you think I'm relying on luck to not only relying on skills and hard work and skills? If you're relying on luck as a strategy for your success, this like a lottery, this, I somebody the buys lottery tickets. You're relying on luck for your success. Luck is the last dying wish of those who think success can happen. Well, well said, thanks. You probably thought of that just now. I might have stolen from somewhere. Or I thought of it. I don't know. Let's see. They might have been logged in my subconscious mind for someone else or I've made a made up right before us. Either way, we talk a lot about mentorship, right? In the benefits of it, if somebody wanted to the mentor by you, specifically, similar way, you mentor me with the stock market and your other business stuff, how would they go about it? I think the right way to get a introduction to there is, I don't know if you have time in your schedule. But in the past, there's been a couple times that we've done like web training and so that together, you know, we talk to people in your audience and my audience together. And I should be clear that like, I'm not here to push a lazy person up a mountain. I'm not here to try to, you know, somebody telling me that you're a Derek Derek, I want to meet millions of dollars, but I don't want to do the work. It's success is not for you. It's not for you, bro. So success is not for that type of person. The only type of people that I want to work with is somebody who understands that the like, I always say that my, my perfect client, my target audience, the people that that I work with, there are only people that I work with. I don't take clients that are that are lazy and that are okay with a small home and a big wife and yeah. I don't take those type of clients. It's like, you don't need my help to be mediocre. Yeah. So the right type of person for me to help is somebody who's, who's already doing well in life, they're already doing good at something, but they know they could do even better. They have the quality and like you've had, they have the quality and like I've had, like man, I want to do better. I want to do more. I'm willing to put in the work. I'm eager to put in the work. You know that that work, the right knowledge, and the right effort behind that knowledge is the difference between some average mediocre versus like the best of the best, the top 1%. But and I remember when as popular some years ago, people talk about the the evil 1% you know, the still popular of the election cycle, you know, you should be in the top 1%. That's one, you only got to make like a half a million a year to be in the top 1%. I see. I mean, I mean, if that's all I made, if I made a half a million a month, I'd be pretty depressed, you know. If I only made a half a million a month, I'd be like, I would have to change something imatically. Things fell off immediately, fill off. So now I like to make six figures from my dividend distribution. I like to make, and I don't like to, I do, I do make that, but you know, if I was making less than six figures for my monthly dividends, I'd be like, no, we got to fix something. Something's going to rise. So, you know, the the right type of person for me to help is somebody who's uh, get a minimum has a goal to have a million dollar net worth. You already do a good at something. And you know, there's no free money, there's no easy money. I can show you the most important things that we need to know, but you got to have to put it in the work to earn your spot in the world like any other productive man or woman. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. It. All right. Yeah. So, you go, if that's you, maybe jump on that free training. If we do. We do want to free training. This is like a it doesn't nothing to be as far as audience. You can make some time to do that with me for my audience. I'm a time to do anything. You want to do your bank or friend to me for a decade. And if there's somebody out there, if we could save some souls, yeah, from poverty, you're me, the algorithm. Yeah. Help them show help show them the path to better days right away. I'll be happy to help somebody like that. If you're willing to help yourself. I so it that's you click that link in description where I just have for the free training. Last time we did this, we had to many people in it. We crashed. So we had to make sure that we were going to run a limit on many people right now. If you see it in the availability, you'll be able to get in. But we got to limit it this time because last two people showed up. This true way, I just went from one platform to the other for the first platform, the earthy crash. We had a tech issue. And you had to switch hundreds of people over from one platform to the other in the middle of our web training. So hey, success is not for everybody. It may or may not be for you as for you to decide, though, this, this little logo on my shirt has choose to conquer. You know, differently I say and that is that you know, success is a lifestyle choice. If you're the type person, this is the willing to pay the price to success. If you're the type person, this willing to work hard and you're smart enough to find good coaches, good mentors, good teachers, who already did the things that you want to do, I'd be happy to help you. It'd be more successful in your financial journey. You know, there's a lot of people on the internet, they say, you know, how we're trading this and drop ships that and this crazy thing. It's the most insane things. Like, I don't do any of that. I do a lot of very boring things. I do boring things that work. I do boring things like show up with a gym lift my weights five times a week. I do boring things like show up over 200 days a year for my MMA training. I do boring things like learn about finance and investments every day of the year for decades of my life. And because I had the discipline to do those things and pay attention to little details, other people don't want to, you know, that helped me make tens of millions of dollars in the stock market. In addition, helped me make over $10 million in real estate. In addition, it helped me make over $15 million to earn your $100 million in entrepreneurial revenue. So, if that's something that you're interested, if you want to learn from somebody who did those things and helped peach one of your mentors, how to do some of those things, I'd be happy to help you. But you got to show up for your own success and be happy to help yourself as well. If you're a type of person, this will end to learn more, so you can earn more. If you're a type person, you know if you knew better, you would do better. Click that link. Click that link. I'll do a new web training with fandom. Make sure we point you in the right direction and help manage some of those ignorant thoughts, help you be a little wiser and in more proficient and accomplishing your biggest and best goals. That's exciting. Click the link in the description right now. If somebody wanted to start walking down a path and they wanted to learn from you how to do it, how would they go about that? Yes, what? Brande's asked me to do a live training for his audience, Tim Mine. We're going to do that on April 28th, 4 p.m. Pacific Time, 7 p.m. Eastern Time. In their training, we're walking you through the 10 most important things. I call the 10 commandments, so well, the 10 things you must do, if you want to create serious wealth in your life. Who's my person to come to that live training? And in my mind, I think of me somebody who's not only in business, but has the kind of work ethic that will allow them to put a work necessary, because any of them will get rich quickly. And somebody will have a lot of work over a consistent amount of time. They'll be able to put in the right work and do it. They'll be with them. They'll be with them. Mark me down that path. So it's not for somebody who's lazy and not for somebody who wants something like the language quick scheme. Somebody must have the real foundation of the good and serious wealth. Yeah. I don't believe in getting rich quick. If it's so easy to get rich quick, if every fool who you know has had a bad work ethic and no knowledge, forget rich quick, put it down in the ready. Yeah. If you could get rich by yourself, you wouldn't have done it already. So don't worry about getting rich quick or get rich slow. But do worry about getting rich. Do worry about creating enough wealth in your life time. You can have whatever silly shit you want. You can have purples thrown to make your purple rolls yours. Yeah. If you don't want to purple rolls, raise it. Get a green one. Get a green one.

=== FILE: How He Makes $470k A Year Doing Online Fitness [hXOb9TMEhY8].txt ===

How much money you make last year in y'all? I sold it with this. Grant Soto 470,000 dollars. $470,000 dollars. You already passed that for this year. So you're gonna blow past it this week. We all pace right now where at 430. I got a special guest today. Those young know I teach people how to grow their online fitness. Business. You know, because I was one of the four fathers. Like, on the Mount Rushmore online fitness, like I'm up there. I'm up there. I'm in George Washington spot. I was one of the pioneers when at the first month of his doing it. Back in 2009, we had to invent that shit. You know, went no Instagram, right? So now I made a few million ran up some ends. Now I teach other people how to actually start their online fitness business. And a few years ago, I had a student. I'm almost a sales call to them on Zoom. And he's out in Detroit, Michigan. And I was like, ooh. Well, I guess this is just practice. Because ain't nobody got money in Detroit except for like the Ford family. You see, unless this Johnny Pontiac, I'm just getting reps in, right? But now, now, now he, yeah, he tanked through me. I didn't know the salator. He emptied his bank account to join the program. He put it all on the line. He went all out. Fugious later, fast forward. Last year, he made $400 and $50,000 from online training. He fucked in bought his mama, new fucking car. Get a move that hell out of Detroit. Now he lives in Miami. Let me introduce man, the big homey, Corey Armstrong. What up, homey? Grating. Welcome there, welcome here. Yeah, man. So listen, man, it's exciting. You're the first one on the pot. Do you have first student to come on the pot? Why? Yeah. That's a big deal. Well, it was like, you also built your social media. I didn't understand. How much money you make last year in your arms? I always, it's grand total $470,000. $470,000. You already passed that for this year. So you're going to blow past it this week. We all pace right now. We're at $430. Hmm. I would have been in the October. I mean, there are no catastrophe. You're not going to work. Like, I should pass it to the fire. Good. That's fantastic. Michelle, to you brother. So tell me what things would like before you join. Hey, Steve, too. Because when I'm going to talk about your whole journey, right, you become in, you know, saying, do you got them half a million dollars a year from online training? Yeah. But it didn't start off like that. It was not like this. You was living in Detroit. I didn't tell you this until recently, but before I joined the program, I was actually at three jobs. Three jobs. So I was a full-time personal trainer. I'm working for myself. I did group fitness classes for like a big box of, not a small box of, studio, jam, black owned studio, man. Downtown Detroit is that you was at brother fitness. Basically, brother fitness with bikes and shit. Right? That plus, you know, one of my clients actually owned a, like a car park shipping company and like he'd pay me some cash to like just drive car parts to like a nearby city. Right? So I was hustling doing that and you want those other two things. And at the time, and I was just, I was just struggling to really like make ends meet. Basically, like living check the chip. I mean, yeah, like check the check week to week, we had a day. Like it was like, sometimes I would literally go to a consultation with a client like, all right. So if I close this then I'm gonna be able to like eat some. Eat food, yeah. It's like that. I've been there, man. Also, people used training. I'm assuming there was like drug dealers, girlfriend, and shit's like tattooing. So they make, I'm just like, yeah, you gotta work with it. Yeah, you gotta work with it, man. Detroit, I don't know if I'm sure. You know what I mean? It was like, you had to make the sale, yeah. Eat food, yeah. It was like, I had like, literally like, like, I'm gonna get groceries off this sale. Like, I gotta make it, or, you know, like rents coming up and like a week, I gotta make sure I close some deals this week. Today, yeah. Yeah, because a lot of people don't know if it's difficult to make a lot of money as an in-person training. It is. Even though you charge like a good hourly rate. So to speak, it's a few and far between, unless you really have nailed down your marketing to where you have it in flux of lead. Yeah, I didn't have that yet. You know, I have some prior training in sales because I work, I used to sell gym membership. Sound of it to do that for LA fitness, but I even went on my own. So I knew how to sell. Like, I knew if I got people in front of me, like I could like, you know, say, hey, like, let's take the next step. But it was like how to do that at a master's here. I had to have a business mind that skills exactly. You know, I was, I was hustling, but you know, like, to my credit, like I was, I was making it work, you know, in an email. You was saying, yeah. Yeah. You know, like I had a roof over my head. I had my own vehicle. I had my own everything. Yeah, you know, it's just like, it was a lot of work to make sure that I sustained it. And what made you decide you wanted to join my program? We're eating, to have the interest that and going on a little before I even looked at ACT. I had already bought some other shit from you. Okay, yeah. You know what I mean? Like, it was some other like business marketing stuff. But I never even told you this, what got me initially interested in like, even buying the first like marketing and sort of like business shit that you had was there was my belief was changed about online fitness. Law story short, somebody I knew from the gym who knew that I was like working like full-time doing it, who used to know me when I was like actually selling gym memberships. He's like, bro, how's the business going? I was like, it's going all right, you know what I mean? But I wish I could just like get more clients. And then he was like, bro, you ever thought about taking your business online? I was like, what do you mean? And it turns out, um, this is girl who lives here now in Miami who used to live in Detroit too. Okay. She built the seven figure business doing some other shit. Mm-hmm. But at the time she was doing online fitness. Okay. Got it. I'm saying on name drop. Yeah, like, it's somebody you know. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you, okay. Basically, he named drop her. I'm like, Kisha. Number five. I was like, no, go ahead. Well, I would've focused that in. Because her name sounded like lotion. And I was like, what was that? Right? And he was like, no, this is her Instagram. And so it was like, he was like, show me the thing, somebody that they go to the same gym as us. And he was like, oh, she make a six figures online. I said, bro, how? And he was like, I don't know, man, but it's like the online fitness thing. Like, you should look into it. And so literally Google must have been listening in or something must have aligned because of the next week. I saw you selling influencer domination. Oh, yeah, that's the deal with the accountants. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So then I started with that. Oh, you started with that program. That was just how to build your following. That was just how to build your following. Because I was like, shit, with online fitness is the thing. I already focused, Brandon. You already focused. Well, because you was already your thing. I was already a feeling, okay, okay, okay, I'm gonna make sense. And then they said, no, like you said, you wanted to, you wanted to the forefathers, you know, you know, you sat out to use, sat out to some of the other homies. I was watching at the time. Thanks, man. You know what I mean? But I was watching. You know, a lot of your content already. And truth be told, I was already a good trainer. Like I had a good reputation in Detroit for getting results. But it was like a lot of what I learned with just some of the principles that you was teach. So I asked what I was giving to the client. So I was like, oh yeah, I know his information is good. This is a layup. Let me put me pot it. So I bought it. And just some simple principles that I was applying from that if started to build my social media presence to where some personal training clients started to work. Okay. So then I started to connect the dots. I bought the next thing. I think the next thing was a bit coachy. Yeah, and we had that. We did that program for it. I called them. I love the focus to tell them, like, open it up for me. Because it was closed that far. We closed it. Yeah. Yeah. Why is our closet? Oh, man. You know what? When I started that, it was some business partners. Oh, you know. And then we just stopped working together with that. And I was like, you know what? I can make it better. And that's why I came to the ACT. I was like, I think I could do it better. Right. Yeah. Because that was just kind of like a course, like guidance. Like using exactly like I didn't want to sell a course around business. Because it's like you can go through a course. But you don't have guidance. So I was like, I want to do something where we actually really helped the movie just talk to the people and see what they're going through. You know what I'm just. And that's what I picked up from ACT. Like what the way it was set up, it was like, all right. So this is, it goes you. And then at the end, it's like, okay. So if you want to take the next up. Yeah. ACT. Yeah. And I was like, what is that? Right. So they're not, I hit up the team. You know, who sold me the last thing I like. I think bro, how do I get into ACT? He's like, oh, you're all good. You want to fall in brandy. Yeah. So I was like, all right. He'll still. Yeah. And ever the call, you can tell me just to like last year. But that was the, you said, you're thinking count. Yeah. So basically at that time, you know, like, you kind of just laid on my situation. Yeah. And I was hustling, you know, day to day. And I only had a few hundred. I think I had like, like 500 bucks or something. And savings. You know, that didn't even cover the program. But it was kind of like a slip of the positive like start. But for me, it was a no brandy because I didn't have a lack of belief in myself. Like I knew I could make it happen. I just needed the role. Yeah. I didn't. It was only I needed the game plan. And so it was like, I think that's one thing I can say to any of the guys. Listen, then they want to make something to themselves. It's like, you really got to fuck with yourself. Like personally, like you're in a belief so much in yourself that you cast out doubt. And that's going to be the thing that leads you to be able to see the opportunities in front of you. Yeah. Because a lot of people will let the fear of spending a last money stop. You have a lot of confidence in yourself. Yeah. Well, I knew like, yo, if I just get the role map, I can make this happen. Yeah. You know, I'm saying, just give me the ball, put me in the game coach. I got it. It's self-belief. You're saying that, but then having like a team behind. We do our best to really coach people and get them guidance. You know, bro, like, so another thing I never told you. So what's I showing? Like, it was crazy. Because the way we said it, I don't even know if you remember what you're telling me. You used like, look, man, the prices this or whatever it was. It's not money, remember. But it's like, I'll let you start with the deposit, whatever you can do. Right. So then I get you my last 500. And then you was like, I'm let you use the system to pay me back. You said that's it on the call. Like, so you're going to pay me back with my system. That's how much you believe in it. You had to have a lot of believing yourself too. Yeah. If you also had like the money back guarantee. Right. So it's like, eight, maybe if you don't make it, you're giving it to you. But you know, we believe in the system. Right. So so initially, I just hustled and paid that back to you within the first like eight weeks or something like that. So I got the money quick. But then after that, I started chilling. Oh, I started chilling. Yeah, I started chilling because you got to mind you. I got three jobs. This is my fourth one. Right. So mentally like there is sort of this block and like all the things that I'm committed to my time to and right now personal training is making more money on my coaching. Right. So initially, I make all the money back quick and then I start chilling. And then I ended up having the conversation with one of the coaches. I think all of he was doing that to do. Yeah, I'll see still work with the system. I'm very shout out to all of you, man. Shout out to the the the the the no man. We were talking. I was telling him I was like, bro, like, I feel like I'm doing everything. But my income is growing. I don't know what's going on. And he looked legit. Helping me accountable. Mm. It's like he's like, I want you to track what you do for the next month. Right. And I want you to basically get like a calendar and on the calendar, you know, every day that you do like all these five things you supposed to do in the system, you get yourself a check mark. Uh, all right. And then every day you don't do what you supposed to do, you get yourself a sad face. And I said that you play just so. Yeah. So what we're going to do is you're on the touch base and another month. And we're going to see if you really doing everything every day or if you're just doing what you feel. Because you can think you doing every day, but you know from coaching people, when they start tracking, it like blows their mind. How's our mind? Must they be fucking upset? You know, it creases their awareness. And that awareness, you know, given the understanding that gives them the power to actually change it. Yeah. That's why I'm so big on like tracking shit. Because it's like otherwise you just kind of guess. Yeah. Trying to keep the information in your head. I start tracking so much like I try everything out. It's crazy. So you got to do it. You want to win? You want to see? All right. So what was the result of that? After so what happened next was, bro, I just really got the data to understand why I was at where I was at and then changed it. So I saw the month. I saw a bunch of staff aces, right? And so I was I was pissed because it was like, OK, it wasn't the worst. Yeah. Right. Like I had 20 maybe 25 days of checks and then maybe like five staff aces. But that book with me because I thought I was maxed out on his own point. Yeah, and it started tracking season. And here's the key thing. Another thing we learned in a system is like you put everything in a calendar. Yeah. Right. I was already on the calendar shit. You taught me the importance of it with the business context to take it to an level. So like what I started to do was look on those days. I had staff aces and see what the fuck was I doing? What was happening today? What type of shit I was on? And it became very clear like every day of the service. I was I was dating this girl at the time. And then was days that we was hanging out. And I was like yo, this bitch is fucking in my life fucking up. You're like, so I got rid of her. It's my dad. Let's go. So then I got rid of her instantly. And then after that the next month it was just all checks. Was it income like it didn't that so the COVID happened that next month too. That's right. Like 2020 everything was close. Yeah. So all my incomes got shut off immediately. And then I got over night except the online coaching. Like I had some other shit with my car parts thing, the license. My license got taken a few months before that. I didn't even tell you this. I had a bunch of tickets that I never paid and they turned into warrants. Oh, and I got pulled over and I went to jail. Oh, for like two minutes. Like I had the cash to build myself out. Where they had to take me in because I had these warrants from tickets I never paid. To get dumb shit. Right? And like man slaughter or no cash to shit. Like we're doing even shooting a brand new issue. I ain't got no cool rap story. Oh, yes. And my shit is like I ran a yellow light and they said it was red and I never paid it. So it turned into warrants. It's a dump shit, right? But it got to that point because I didn't just didn't have my money on point. If I had the money I would have been paid it. But I didn't have it because I was scrounging hustling. Yeah. So that happens. My license gets taken. I got a paidee's court fees. I paid all this stuff in everything is shut down. Okay. So now I got one income online coach. So now I got to make it happen. That the you had online coaching building on the market. So I think at the time like the most I had made in a month was like maybe two to three K. Nothing crazy. That month I made five. And then it was like five, five. Again through this track and system I found out because I had got a new girlfriend had to get rid of her. I was so like that. Yup. And then that month I did 10. And then it's 10 K every single month every month beyond that. It's been higher and higher. It's never been below 10. What's your record month? It's 60, right? 55. 55. Oh, just just just understand. We're going to give saying that because I'm going to make it happen. Yeah. That's a setup. How's your life changed from going from like not having enough money to pay your fucking tickets. One year did you go with you food today? Two years. Now you're making you know anywhere between 40 and 50 K a month now. Yeah, I mean it's drastically different. Like you know, you kind of mentioned it earlier. I don't live there no more. I don't live in Detroit anymore. I moved across the country. So where I wanted to move. Right. Like it wasn't like I was forced here. Right. Where it worked for it. Not. I just said, you know what? I feel like I've grown Detroit. Because you got to a point bro. Like where that first year I made six figures. With first year you made six figures. Six years of all my training. I knew that I made the most money as one guy in fitness in Detroit. Wow. I connected with all the other trainers and coaches and guys doing things. And I was just looking around at my contemporaries and people that I was cool with my associates. I was like man, I'm the big homie. And that's kind of scary right? It's very when you were your richest friend. I remember being there. When did you get there? Like when did that happen? You know it was like in the teens when I said the teen. Not my teens but like I don't know what you call after the 2000s or to the. I don't know what you call that period when you make it. Yeah, if I figure my. Yeah, it's probably like a round. If I had to probably around 2000 or 11, 2012, yeah, I felt like that. Yeah, and but then I met some friends who humble. But oh, I'm not the richest. I know the original in the world, which is good though, because you can learn from them people. Exactly. So I had mentors. I had me Ellie Holes. Okay, he became like a mentor and then I met other people and other stuff. Yeah. So that's what you decided to move. That was bigger. I remember that post where you bought your money at car. That was crazy because literally like wow, all this was going on. Like my mom was kind of going through like her own thing with her past relationship. It just didn't work out. We're hurting the other dude. She was with it. And he kind of left her with nothing because she was living with them. And then she moved out and she kind of didn't have much right with nothing. And it got so bad. Like her old car broke down. He bought her car and it took it. It took her car back. She had no wheels. It had nothing. And so then like you know because I was grinding through that time period when that was going on working through my online coaching business building it up, building past six figures. You know, I get myself completely out of debt and I pay off all that stuff and I'm in a good place. So I bought my own car and then I see my mom. She's like man, like I just I really need some of my like yeah. Don't worry about it. I got you. That's a little talk of a thing. No worry about it. I got you. And I bought a cash. Like a thing. So she just wouldn't have to worry about it. Yeah. I'm sure that that meant a lot to hurt. It was kind of like the past some of the torch. So to speak, man, because in a dynamic of my family, I never remember my father before. So it's kind of like my mom was both of those roles initially and then like you know, at some point you know, I sort of coming to my own, I start my own path. I'm like the man of the house, but like not quite until I prove it. But yeah. And that happened. I could see she started to just respond differently because she started to look up to me and start asking me for advice and whenever she's in trouble, she comes to me and I can handle that. That's a beautiful thing. It is. You know, because it's like everybody, you know, it's cool to make money. It's dope, right? But what you can do for your family. My family is like, it's been nothing but like just tragedy. Really. Before her, my grandmother was, she was a drug addict and she passed away like when I was 17, she was like, baby, something. And so like my mom never knew like her parents because she was adopted. So it's like all of these generational courses. So they speak, you know, sort of like that have led up to me. I now have the opportunity to change the dynamic of the family. You know, so my whole mission in purpose is to create sort of a future, you know, in a foundation for this family going forward to be able to like flourish and have abundance and have all these things. And this is kind of the gateway. It's been the vehicle for you to do that with a dude. That's a beautiful thing, man. But also, it's like all the people you've helped. Yeah. So some people think, especially when they are strangers, they think man, how can you get people results online? Better results. Better results. I was just telling somebody the other day, you know, I get on these consultation calls. Right. I don't work with everybody that I talk to. There was a shorty from the Bronx who wanted to work with me and we were talking. And she was like, yeah, I think I might need it, you know, and person trainer. And I was selling it. That's cool, you know, but I was like, I would never do that. Like I quit that. And she's like, why did you quit it? I was like, because a person trainer really only teet tells you what to do. But online coach teach you why you're doing and go deeper on the, you know, ends in outside of nutrition and really just hold you accountable at a whole other level that a person trainer just can't. Yeah. And so because of that, like I've been able to get people better results because I'm focused on the diet, I'm focused on nutrition. We have my set calls, you know, what we're talking one on one eight. You know, where's your head at? What's your intense for the day? You know, what has been holding you back? And we actually gained plan around how to make their life better. Yeah. Nobody won't fucking diet in an exercise man. They want their life back. They want what they would do for it. Exactly. Yeah. When you said the diet, because that's the main thing, you know, I remember when I was training people in the gym. And I was like, I was only looking for our day. That's all you got. They got 23 other hours. Who's that really fuck up every day? Very right. So I'm supposed to fix them for an hour a day three times a week. Right. You know, I've said it. The 160-eight hours in a week. So the ring on the take three of them and fix this motherfuckers life is bullshit. Yeah. So that's like man, if I can just figure out a way to track the diet and keep them accountable. Yeah. Out of win, because you can't out train a bad diet. You can out diet bad training. That's right. So people's up, oh man, what about the form? You can't correct your form. Like, oh man, these motherfuckers ain't trying to be running. Oh man. You just guys want to get a shape. Guys and girls want to get a shape. And to be honest, like, if you was right there, what on what else would you tell them? You just say, oh, adjust your body like this. Do this. You can do that in the video. Yeah. You won't say the same shit and we say the same shit. You know, but once once we're figuring out how to track the diet and that's what you do, right? Yeah. Basically, we see our clients. Yeah. Every day, every day, every day, we have them tracking it with the app that's up. That's where they're fucking real progress comes because they never had nobody accountable, keeping them accountable for their diet. But they ain't gonna answer to you every day. And they can't lie to us. They can only lie for a week until they have to post their fucking, and the next check in, you know, when we have to see how much they weigh, then you know if they're lying in that. What I've learned is they appreciate that more than just, you know, our sweat and our weight, you know, we're never because it's like, you know, nobody else is checking on that side of your life. Nobody in their lives. And especially if you working with like, because the thing is with online coaching, it's like, you get to pick who you work with. So I work with specifically like, you know, men, like guys who are like leaders in different aspects of their life. And so for these guys, specifically, like, they need somebody to come in. Because everyone's scared to talk. Because everybody's scared to talk. Because everybody's scared to talk. So it's kind of like, you sort of carve out this place in their lives where you give them something no one else can. Yeah, now they can't commoditize you. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's why trainers fucking get put in this box where they're disposable because anybody can anybody can work you out for an hour and everything works. Every day I plan every work I've been working is as much as you follow it. Right. But we make sure they follow it every day when I was in person trainer, I wasn't hitting my clients up every day because you're not having a time. And what did fuck them say? Right. We treat what you die to. But all of that training, we just see where they, where's your food? You can see that die. We can see that they log their dietness, their workouts. We can see what they did. So I hit my clients up every day and I'm like, yo man, good job man. If you're a like with your day, you hit just maybe try to get less of this or harder to respond. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a thank you man. That was up man. You know, especially you as courage. Yeah, they start the day off with that positivity. Yeah. That's attached to you, right? And they say retain them. Or if they fucking up like yo man, probably happy. Yes, they're saying like, how do we get back on track? You know what we're going to do? We asked them to make sure they have a hack and I help you. How can I just do? They ain't got nobody doing that for him. No, but and even those leaders, they're afraid they're employees and some of our, they're the man, they're the big home. Yeah, nobody's going to tell them. But even if you not that kind of person, yeah, nobody's going to tell their friends or their family members how you didn't kind of fat you need to watch the tweet. If anything, then what focus would be like, oh, you can do it like that the way you know. You're good man. You know, everything in moderation eats somebody this. Yeah, but you have just one. You don't think? Oh, there we go. It's a spy. That's okay. Yeah, why call my ass. You have a little bit. My focus is be biggest hit. Yeah, you know what I mean? Listening to your friends and family keeping you big as hell. That was, that makes you got follow Cory online. Yo, you're going to learn more about online training and the description is a free guy called the, it's called the Take a Man of the Online Training. It's not a percentage free and it's going to give you the breakdown. But what's cool about this, ebook is interactive, right? So in each like, command me, which is like a lesson on online training, something you need to know is, but once you read the command me, then I tell the story of one of my students, Cory, Cory's in there too. About how they, how they, about how they implemented the, this particular strategy, right, and how they, they were able to build a successful online fitness business because of it. It's going to give you that game, the link is in the description. Make sure you check that out.

=== FILE: How He Went From Nothing to A YouTube Millionaire!  @Mr.Organik [8GpU_L2h3Wo].txt ===

Yeah, so he was telling me about his story. Yeah. I was like, fuck man, we should have said we should have said that for the podcast. But so that's telling the story again like I didn't hear it before. Our group in Southeast San Diego people think of San Diego. It's a beautiful city and it is the area I grew up in Southeast. If you know you know it's got a hood there and it's four corners. Call it four corner of death. And that's why I grew up right there on the corner. There's a lot of dope things in San Diego. Yes, it's a lot of some of the San Diego. I'm like, oh, man, it looks beautiful. You see all these dope things, man. That is a lot of dope deal. You know, Tijuana is right there. I'm in the city. So you get it cheap. You get the good blood. Once again, my neighborhood was known for it because they gained their rent. They had a direct contact with the, you know, I'm saying, our two, that's right there. So all our group was seeing was dope. Those were big cars and jury and shit. So I was fascinated by it. So I just knew I had to get money early. So I was motivated by that shit. And I think it was like my gift and my curse my entire life. Because in the day I was very good at sports. You know, I played ball at a high level. Yeah, you like six, seven or six. Six, six, six, two, 30, 30. That was what I was saying. And yes, I was very, very into sports. But at the same time, I was into the hustle. That's all I knew. Anybody knows me about he played ball and he got money. Ninth grade I had my own little traphouse and my brothers. And we made good money. I'm getting $1,000 a week in high school. And I was saying like, and this is in the 90s. Yeah. I'm putting up on scooter, food, where we'd daint jury home. And I was like, guy, high school. Platinum food. I'm like, I'm platinum. Food, boo, down. What did you do? Yeah, me. Yeah, with an old limit tank. That month was silver. But that bitch caused me to come on it. That's a good high school. And I was going to make a mom chat. I was accustomed to that life. But I was balling too. But I ain't go lie like I was more lean into the streets because I was an instant gratification kid. I wanted to see them shoes and I wanted that money instantly. So as I'm playing ball, if we want to go on my way, I just knew I could do the streets. But God bless me by giving me a talent that was undeniable. Because even when I didn't do good in school high school, and I didn't even play that much because my coach was against me. No, that go. But it never hinders me on being how great I can be. Most people stop or they, you know, I'm saying they got a bad rapport with the other coaches in quitting life and not me. I knew I was better than everybody. Okay. And I didn't give a fuck. I'm going to improve them wrong. So my home you went to a school, because we went to the same camp, but they gave my scholarship. During that summer of my senior year, now I graduated barely. He went to the school and it had camp, summer camps. Okay. So I'm going to the summer camp, just, you know, playing every day with it with their team, coaching the kids and stuff like that. I'm playing so good at the coach. I want to me to go to the school. Okay. But I didn't have a good grades once again. The number one jerk college plan or nation was on their team. He watched me play every day. I'm playing to get some given work. He like bro, I'm going to call my coach, see if we got more scholarships. Understand, their school at the time was 31 in one. The only loss in the championship of the Jukele National Championship to Steve Francis at this time. It lost one game. The best school in the whole nation. The best school I could possibly go to if I did everything right because my grades so bad, right? He called us coach, he described me off the description alone. He sent me the last scholarship there. I signed it, sight unseen in Atlanta. Georgia perimeter college as a school on Wednesday. So I went out there didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't know nobody but I knew I can ball. And I bought out for them two years. God is great. And I'm saying made to the leadado of the Jukele National Championship. I'm all conference, all tournament team, killing once again. Guess what, Brandon? Bad grades. So once those two years up in Atlanta, what are they going to do? Yeah. I had a scholarship offer in Arizona State. I'm like, fuck it. Can I come out there go to a Jukele work my grades in? They said, I can't. I go out there. I'm trying to work my grades. I got once semester, I got to get these grades right. I'm transfer up. And at mean time, I ran to one of a couple of homeboys and I'm going to say their name, but there was an a streets. We going to the club. They got five bottles of moe wet. Yeah. They said, SUV's, get been lying. I'm like, damn, what's up? Yeah. Like you want to be with us? Yeah. I got no time to be sitting here, waiting and trying to play ball. And they put me on an arm. That really trains the trajectory of my life. Because I was just, I said, start focusing on the streets. And I made good money real fast. But it's so severely dangerous. They'd be real like, even when I told you story, I am really tell you I was doing. And my junior this 20 years ago, you know, my own man is way past. That's what you were living. I taught the mind everybody's all the time. He needs cases to close. Yeah, they've been closed. Everybody died and jailed off. I appreciate it. Don't even worry about it. But so at this time, we're doing like, we was like coyote again, bringing people across the border. And we pull up an SUV, stack the people in, drop them off at a drop off house. Oh, sir. You got 1,000 a person and then when they leave out, they give another 1,000. They call it a get theyself out. But we was grinding. So we were dropping off get the money. Come back still to people from the again, drop them off at another house and rob the house, get the money. It was crazy bro. So it sounds dangerous. It's very dangerous. These are cartels as a link in these situations. Yeah. And then it upgrade from that to robbing, you know, cartels for large sums of weed in shit. And it's the way you do it. I got masking home boys. We buy 10 pounds. We buy 20 pounds. We need 200. We built their report. We're going to take that 200 now. And I was doing that getting big money. But I'm high risk. You know, these are cartels you playing with. And my job 21, 22 years old. You know what I mean? And I did very well. I'm pulling up. I'm still hooping by the way. But I'm still like this year. Can you, you know, like this. Going to the gym playing against Sean Marriens and the money, Stein Myers and Joe Johnson and the sons. They in Mesmerized, we put them up in the same truck. They on 22 is almost 24 because I'm ignorant with it. I'm putting it with the backpack with a drake on that month. You're way back then. You got the spinners? No. I didn't do the spinners. That was a little too rambuscious. You know what I said? Two of them already. You know what I said? I was here when I was that hour ago, my cousin was there. Chicago G. Rest in peace, man. He had, uh, he had the spinners on the shit. He was saying it was like, ah man. You got, you put in the target on your job. Yeah. How you get that if you in get 20s. Come on, man. I know, my full thing thing. He was a doctor pulling up in the ass. Yeah, it was already shaky. You know, I said already shaky. But like I said, all new was get money. And I was willing to do whatever for it. And that was my gift in my curse. Cause I shouldn't partake it. I'm a really blessed noted individual always. At that, you know, rapport with people. I was looking for that energy. And I'd use it in the wrong fast areas. I was chasing a break. So one of my girlfriends told me, oh, I broke. Like, you're going to die or go to jail. You keep doing what you're doing. And I was still. Because I'm so, I was so paranoid, except like every nine I'm waking up. Grab my gun and roll over in the bed. Like, because I'm like, it's coming. I know exactly what you're talking about. I'm saying, uh, like, it feels like, this kids don't do good. No cry. Cause it feels like, you know, when you're going up a roller coaster. It feels like that all the time. All the time. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, all like, 24 hours a day into you stop. You know what I'm saying? Like, fuck, I was legit scared all the time. All the time. I didn't even realize it. Oh, I was in the sky since they'd appear in the audience. Yeah. See, like, you know, people that street guys always said they're against it. They're really scared of embarrassment. Yeah. Scared of something happened to them. So that's why they react first. Yeah. The biggest and most, you know, for roses, violent gaysers react first. Yeah. So you don't do that to me. I was going to get out of the way. They got nervous. Yeah. That was it. Fuck you. Always on. It's the most stressful shit in the fucking world. Yeah. It wasn't worth it. It taught me a lot. Like I said, I lived the great life. I got set ahead of Piffy from my guy and I thought about it. I let's go. I took my last money and I went out to Minnesota. One of my friends. He was playing for the timbles at the time. Where was you at before you went in at Arizona? Arizona. I was in Arizona. I then you went to Minnesota. Yeah. Okay. So this is Arizona. I'm doing a shit. Yeah. That's a big part of it. You got to leave that. You got to leave the whole city. It's mandatory. And that's why I just did it Chicago. Yeah. It's just the best way to do it. So you don't have those same, you know, friends, the same interactions. And thank God my friends believe in me. So the guys I'm doing streets of wit. They knew I was still the best baller. So they knew I liked the money. But they liked my thing. This is the best thing for you. Yeah. So even like the night before. Went to a strip club. We parted it up. Had a great time. And I left the next day. They ended up doing something. Meals in like somebody in the past in a way in the situation. They ran and two or three of them went to jail. And I was in Minnesota, which was, you know, That's a blessed guy's blessing. Yeah, because it would have been bad. Because I know me. I'm the first one doing them jumping. No bitch. First on bus and the window. I mean, so God saved me. Now I'm in Minnesota. I'm hoping every day with the Timbles. And so I'm Chris Hanford. She's from Minnesota. So we are at the gym. Whooping. I'm going to go on that. And all these guys. It's amazing. Like damn. I'm really in the gym. I'm playing there for the Kevin McKay. And in the academy. I just facility. Because my home played on the tables at the time. I went out once again. My skills, you know, shine. So I got hooked up with the agent. I got some trials with some of them. It was called the D league at the time. Now it's the G league. Now it's the G league. And I end up making the sous-forskeye force. We're still a team with the G league. And I'm making it. You know what I'm saying? Was it a blessing? You know, he was really good. I was really good. Both of his hate on the G league. But like them, if I could. Plus any was there. Not a court. Like on the street. Like a regular. You're both. And at this time, this is when the MBDA, the D league, Just started. So this one there. If you don't get drafted or you were second round, You should come back and forth like immediately. So these are, or even if you like a better and you should come. No, it's killers coming here. You're straight from the ABA. Then mind you. I'm a little older now. So I'm a knees bat. You're my focus. I'm a little me and shit. Am I really, am I this level? Yeah. I don't think I really am. Because my shit was hurting. Because I'm not consistently playing at that level. Yeah. It just all off my instincts. So yeah. And I told my moniscuits in my first grimish. Yeah, man. Yeah. First grimish. I got the own of fast break. You're pulling fell. I'ma damn this. Somebody in my spirit kick my foot. Yeah. Nobody behind me. And the next morning they slid a goddamn sleep underneath my damn door. Yeah, that's out of here. And I didn't know what I was gonna go. Like I said, finish that shit you wasting already as you could go back here. Yeah, you can go back here. I'm not going where my dookset. I ain't no fucking. I'm grown now. Yeah. So only option was Minnesota. And they just gave me a ticket to Minnesota. It just... My name and I ask to be really good in my boom. You go on the Minnesota and my damp. Oh, so you was our get-kiss too. It was already men of soap. Yeah. So mind you. for like a two week span I posted went back to Phoenix if the shit didn't work. But my dude I shit happened so I'm not going back to Phoenix. So the crib got evicted there they picked up my car and all that shit it was over. So now I'm stuck and at the same time another thing on there to the guy I was cool at the time we won cool no more. They played in the league because you know what you got money like that friends and family become burdens. All day little problems become big problems for you and I understand it but that's why I'm a hooper Brian trying to be free alone on you. So we got two because like bro I'm trying to do some I'm not even a book is free alone but I understand so when I go back at the conversation when I bro I'm I shit fucked up bro what can we do I'm here now yeah you know what I'm saying like what's up so he ended up giving me a little apartment which was a blessing or that's what's up yeah yeah but it really was night so it was two guys living in there so you know I'm a street guy so like initially to be real when I came back I came on some you know brown shit I like I'm taking a big room y'all like I am calling on nothing I'm taking this crib a left for a Christmas they never came back and I had that whole apartment for like six months chilling just in there fucking bitches they put by my food yummy and that's why on the street level my degree angle hold you know that's when I knew like damn I'm really a big slinger cuz every bitch I'm fucking ain't make sure I'm good they bring me food hey my phone bill I'm like this made me look for a different in the by time of need so yeah I was good like the the part of my pay for it but I had no breath so I had to you know make bitches you know take care of me yeah and I promise you bro like one day after the six months is up I wake up and it's not gonna do it and they open the door my man what the fuck is going on you know me I'm trying to find a bitch yeah it's the month I'm showing the party cuz at leases up now cuz I ain't talked to him really so like he knew I was in there but he's like fuck yeah leases up there fuck yeah yeah so fuck up so I'm like damn hold on get the fuck out so they left and I had to call him like finally a brother we gotta talk back yeah I'm here I told you yet so I talked to him yeah yeah he gave me another apartment which is a blessing okay but then we go it within two months of being there I don't know what still to this down the way I'm gonna happen I'm gonna be calling me one of my other homies that was cool and I'm calling my bro everything cool with your crib I'm like what's I be like some I shot your door I'm like huh I'm like I ain't at home I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm an a guy of the neighbors they go out with they shoot my shit yeah so I rush over there and I had his truck had the man guy truck so I drive over there my friend or a big old shotgun holding that motherfucker's that right and I'm like what the fuck crazy I don't know so what that happened is they the party people keep this up keep me out the apartment so I couldn't stay there cuz I wanted to release another than it you got people shooting the door and my guy he already been through some before and I saw my head up robbing him before killing one his friends when he played in the league in Orlando so he was paranoid he knew I was a street guy so he's our paranoid of me anyway yeah but this really like my fuck you got to go yeah so uh thank god my brother my younger brother shot them my brother Lawrence black ladies my younger brother he played a more cat in Milwaukee okay and I'm saying D1 he's a bother my brother 69 I want to be there for like two months leave with him yeah sleeping though he had an extra rule why would that be his chivalent gold or kiffin's fucking body ball bitches with all that yeah I'm just marinating the sauces you know it's a living life and yeah then I found a chick came back them in the soda and I found my way got sturdy hooked with his basketball program I really got my balance now I got something going on okay saying I was doing this basketball program training kids going out really finding my way he started rapping started my clothing line one of the ones I really started finding my feet you know I'm saying okay and then my good friend tall guy shot the tall guy car abuse he introduced me to youtube yeah you know this were like this is where the god is born born that a world gets to see me so at this time I'm just a cool nigga manyapolis is going out partying now I got into youtube my home you like man let's do these car abuse we're gonna review them they got no white dudes review them there is no nigga presence yeah you know that's damn me there is no niggery until the motherfucking youtuber the car shit some of my damn you right so he did a couple of me bought him a hillcat we do a couple of views shit booming and I bought me a new car you like man let me review your car and we're gonna start doing reviews so short short and up is boom that shit worked okay so we doing so good with the reviews that we got nothing money to buy the car now I'm like now how long how long did it take I say within like four to five months when I when I got enough to buy me a hillcast 80 thousand on the car so my first two three months in I'm already a street guy yeah I got my clothes online I'm doing live streams and I'm monetized on youtube so three months in you started three months in I'm making at least ten figures I mean ten thousand a month that's not normal I know but that's not normal just as a country and this eight years ago before both of a doing last stream nobody shit I'm doing this eight years ago yeah that's normal yeah I'm a natural born hustler man I got this love the hustle and the money understanding the you're making monetized I need I'm a every dollar count motherfucker I knew if I get on his youtube and I do a last stream I get a extra $100 a day that's three racks that's my cramp in my car I'm gonna do this every night yeah I was on that bitch every night going live so I wake up five in the morning go work out then go to the gym train the kids in live stream then edit the videos up low this is every day for a year straight every day that's like a little jewel yeah you know who want to get into this shit like it's the consistency for sure every day every day yeah and this has been a soda we talk about negative 40 foot snow yeah we go in out the car using drone ship freezing yeah and I'm saying go do the review talk about oh now I saw I got getting the car yeah are you ready let's go out there that's cool this book we knew it was gonna get free so I got to die that was my mom said like I'm gonna have to die and this shit cuz I know it's gonna work okay but it was working so good now I'm saying like rip I couldn't believe this shit and I mean I'm gonna jump 30 seven this time I'm grown man I'm gonna make I this shit got to work you got to sell you got to sell you got to sell you got to sell you back this shoe robin it's still in you know I'm saying I have no problem doing it yeah but this shit worked dog I'm not going lie like I already had a code online I'm doing like five to 3500 a month just and clothing a lot of it you know I'm saying from my merchandise already had to go to my know how to use this the merch on every time I'm wearing this shit and why do I was in the shop myself I was screaming printing but now doing it myself at this time and I want my shit fly so I go to H&M get the good shit and get the jacket and put my shit on it yeah I don't want the weak show of your rule be fly yeah so I was putting money into a book that was coming back yeah I'm saying live stream is popping then I set up a phone line I want playing if I get $300 in donations I y'all call in we could talk shit yeah and this is my ultimate shit because it was on some Howard Stern shit that's who I watch and you can say whatever you want to me call me nigger monkey whatever I say whatever you want to fucking ask it now but it's so funny cuz it was unfiltered so people couldn't wait for me to do this shit and I'm going crazy people still we put them up so I'm not shit and talking about I'm racist hey fuck yeah I was getting money yeah they was racist too then I'm about that we had a great time yeah I'm a black man it's that can't be racist yeah it was it was so money meant to I'm seeing the money coming in at this time when I first started I'm in the basement though bro I'm in the basement of an old lady that's white man six hundred dollars a month so I come in through the garage and that's my injury you know same our refrigerator in the garage too yeah and I and I was making it look good but it was good cuz it was like a big ass pomba honey yeah so I go outside I'm a patio like look at my fucking pomba gas and I'm in a I'm like there but I made it look good so finally I got enough to move it to my own place well once again this is eight years ago I'm 43 now you do the math I'm 30 plus so I finally got my own crib then I got the hillcat now we're going crazy now I was like let me show my lifestyle fuck a car review that's slim shit that's my dog I don't give a fuck about car shit never did all of them cars I had I never gave a damn about it was business yeah now I'm going downtown that's when they call me the king of downtown getting the bitches I had a Corvette throwing two girls in the Corvette but I'm taking them home wake up in the morning both the girls put them back in the Corvette one of the Trump drop them off they say no prank this is real life yeah I'm already his guy you're in the king keto so women's already fucking with me now I got the bread and the clout it was brutal and my Jew at this time there is nobody in Minnesota history ever made it on social media there is no influencers I'm the only one and I got a bag yeah yeah stand me I live downtown Corvette and hellcat who fucking with me yeah I live in the same place as the NBA players yeah off a be a me yeah I'm the move iconic nigga they ever seen you know I'm saying come on guys slim wasn't in the city yeah he's just reviewing the cars he was eating the cool family of cars love it yeah so he moved LA and I'm saying once again I know I'm staying I'm like fuck that I ain't going out down the king here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what they say man a hundred thousand a stop you can get a million if you come to board a job and that's how it was making a couple hundred somewhere around there I was comfortable but it was like he wanted to go bigger than the slim car slim tall guy call review the mother fucking man he's still still killing man he's a he's a super iconic individual I want to be here without them that's what's up he created a genre everybody from the streets is eaten right now yeah I just did it a different way but his his genre he created I'm gonna lose him but he did another thing that changed the game his number one money maker was his hellcat he crashed it totally we had to make a decision he'd like him to get a new car so he masked out everything got him a clearing spider and I was like damn bro you sure it's gonna work once again he believed he got it it worked hundred thousand a video right and he said I'm gonna do something I was watching this and you got a hillcat red eye another one bang and you got a truck bang all in one week yeah and this is the game plan we gave to the people to do to this day man if you buy a car you know I'm saying they run your credit one time if you're approved that means you could get proved just about any car in the same range yeah don't go to the same bank you go to different banks and you go get other cars at the same time where you credit for it before he's your credit yeah well yeah like a week or two yeah I'm saying what if you push it but the best thing get him in the same week for make sure you get it from different banks and he told me to come out there I finally came I was out there wouldn't feel like a month I was sleeping on his couch and I turned up I bought me another hillcat I was out there yeah I'm coming down nigga and once again I'm nervous now this is big leap of faith I'm paying like 1800 for the downtime in theapolis you go to LA it's 4,000 for that motherfucker downtown and I didn't want to take it easy I got to put it all in to get down all out you know big risk big reward so not only that buying another car but I went for the big apartment that really changed my life bro tell the story yeah well because it's so vivid because it's a blessing you know that's so like you know you started making even more money off YouTube oh max so now let me keep it one to protect pure hmm I never did the biggest views I still don't never have even in Minneapolis I'm doing a power woman average over 10,000 views yeah but don't matter I get a thousand people in my lottery don't need the money that little 1500 making on YouTube that pay for the crib yeah but I'm making 5,6,000 on lottery yeah 5,6,000 on merch bitch I'm winning I'm making like 20,000 a video on a views of video so now it's 3 times what I was making on YouTube right now I'm making 3 times on the merch and it's all about the lifestyle but lifestyle can you wake up and do me for a living yeah like the guy walk up they love the guard yeah love me they love the the the the motherfucking act yeah so like the guy that comes to you what you do for a living he came up on me one time I said I do me for a living my the times my lifestyle but I knew for one of my views gonna go up and with my Dawson limb against so they gonna let that interact and they got a new car they don't top it out we've down town was downtown fast and district right around the corner you know yeah I'm getting all the great outfits now I got the stitching people damn broader people to back the patch people right there so now my quality of merch is going up yeah so now I'm giving them better shit that shit is selling out I'm selling dog I'm doing like 30 times swear to God like 25 to 30,000 in my partner with the merch that's myself yeah going around coming picking it up yeah I'm going stupid man it I was rich bro that was a I can go live got the big rose recently done man oh yeah my dream was in the race yeah had to go race too go with the motherfucking bad weeks yeah me when I went rave dog because they all know from the beginning all I talk about them give me a rose voice I'm a have me a rave I made a song called rave name's your I'm in a rave with a hunter acre of state it's been made all the snakes got greatness all of my face I was pre-dested myself I made the song and told them within that year within eight months I really got it yeah that's what I knew how powerful manifestation was hmm cuz now I'm looking back everything I talked about in the videos I started doing yeah yeah yeah so I'm like damn if I believe in I talk it and I do the work everything comes yeah

=== FILE: How I Make $15,000 a Day Trading (Without Risking My Own Money) [XP3PjFA4Pz8].txt ===

I've been trading for the last five years. Trading futures to be specific. This year I've been making a lot of money. And in this video, I'm going to show you my whole trading strategy and show you how you can start making money trading futures. I'm going to give you my whole setup, my breakdown, everything I do. So you can start getting some of this paper as well. The reason I've been making so much more money this year than I have in the past because in the past I was trading with my own money. And that's fine. But this year I started trading with something called a problem for them. So this is when you can get funded accounts. And you can trade with other people's money. Now you have to pay to get a funded account. And then you have to pass an evaluation. And then what you pass a trading evaluation, you have to make a certain amount of profit. Then you get to trade with them one. And the cool thing about the problem that I use is called apex trader funding. You can have 20 funded accounts at a time. And you can trade with all of them simultaneously. So this is a screenshot from this morning. So I traded with one account and it copied everything to every other account. Some of the fills were different. You can see what I made on each account, trade in this morning. And I've been posting this every day on my Instagram as well. So follow me on Instagram, King Keto. You see all my trades every morning. But I posted this on Instagram. This is about 18 grand. If you've got a minus to send the account because I have to send the account on here. Just on here. But when you get a funded account on apex is PA. So this is a PA account. And apex has been paying me too. A lot of people say apex has been paying me. This is my login to apex trader funding. And you can see that I requested from all my accounts. I have a block that so you don't see my account number for security reasons. But you can see that on the 27th, I requested 27.50. Right from each account because they won't let me take the whole thing out. But this time which I requested from each account. And you can see I got a proof. So they send it as money. This is live me in apex. I did try to make a request before that. They got the night. But this one is these got approved. Total, this is about 50 grand to the pay me. And like since if you see it when I got the night for the pay out is the 15th. Two days later I requested another pay out 50 grand. One account they denied. I don't feel like on here. But this is really, this is my PA's PA payments. Now I'm gonna bring down my trading strategy and everything. But it reset after they so it's not here anymore. What it, the trade for today. But again, these are 50 K accounts. And you can see that I'm up like net localization. This means how much I, is in each account now. It's basically I'm up like 12,300, 1300, some of them, 1400 each account. This is like a quarter million dollars in like a month. This is the reason I've been making so much more money trading futures because I just have so much leverage now. And I have trade with other people's money instead of trading with my own money. I want to break down my whole strategy and how I trade. We're only trading one instrument. Me is NASDAQ futures or in Q. That's it. That's the only thing I'm trading. And the reason you want to trade the same instrument over and over is because you kind of start to learn it. You kind of start to understand how it moves. You get a feel for it after you get a few hundred hours of trading. It's kind of like having sex with a woman. Some of you have had sex with women. Not all of you. And you know, you can have sex with one woman one way and it can be the best she ever had in a life. You can do the exact same moves. What another woman is, she thinks is the worst. And they're both right. And it's all your fault. Well, that's what it's like every instrument moves differently. It has different proclivities and it behaves differently. So you want to get to know the instrument well, you don't need to do that without because those of you have sex with a woman. And if she let you do it again, you've been with that same woman. You start to learn each other body. Sometimes it gets better. It's like that with that all relationship. Like even my girlfriend, like she got to app the track her menstrual cycle. And I'm like, I don't need to app. It's going to be on the 14th. I just know. Been together three years and we were friends for two years before that. So I already know when it's coming up. Well, she's going to start acting crazy. It's going to be the 14th. I'll need your app. Just ask me, chat BBC. But it's like that when you trade one instrument over and over again. Another reason why I'm a profitable trader is because I practiced. When I first started trading, I did over 200 hours of practice trading. Simulated trading. So what I would do is I'll download data from different days and I would practice trading. When I tried coming the hours, I got 200 hours of trading. The strategy I'm going to show you on the same instrument. If you do that with anything, you're going to get good. Where you go grab a guitar, 200 hours, you're going to be decent. But then if you account for all the years, I'll be trading. I've got like maybe a thousand hours. But I made sure I got that 200 hours of practice. My strategy is wildly different than what Air anyone is teaching on the internet. If you've been trading any other way, it might not make sense to you. You might think it's bullshit. But I would like you to suspend your disbelief momentarily in just as yourself. Are you more profitable than me? Do you got a quarter million dollars in profit in your fucking fun to the account or real life account? If not, maybe, just maybe you should shut the fuck up and listen. That's what I would do. I watched other people's trading content. It only recently, like I wasn't watching other people's trading content, even though I'm friends with some people who make it. I wasn't watching it because I just knew they were doing something so different than me. But recently, I've been watching other people's shit and their shit seems way more complicated than what I'm teaching. It always makes me laugh. It's like, you know, this shit is nerdy. I'm not gonna say mine is better, mine is better for me. You might think it's better for you. You might not. You might want to do what someone else is doing. And that's cool. But just approaches what to open mine. So what I do is I trade on the 15 minute chart. It's already, that's already wacky. And the indicators I have, I know like a lot of guys don't use indicators that use in ICT strategies. Bab, bab, bab, bab, bab. No use in the case. Hey, I like indicators. So what I have are, this is one of the indicators like the order blocks that these red lines. You can ignore that. One of my boys put that on here when I first learned Ninja Trader is his proprietary thing. But I kind of ignore it. So you can ignore that. Just pretend that's not there. I just didn't take it off because I got used to it. The indicators I have are the 200 EMA, the 50 EMA, the 21 and the 21 EMA. They're the main indicators. Not chart looks on that, especially compared to the other guys. What you're adding to it, this white line is the 200 EMA. If the price is underneath the 200 EMA, I'm looking for shorts. This only works on the 50 minute chart. If it's above the 200 EMA, I'm looking for longs. Todd, I decide the direction. What I do is on the 50 minute chart. I wait until price balances off either one of these trend lines or one of the EMAs. Now here's the thing. I go in one contract D and it's important you have at least an account size of 150k in your funder account or your evaluation account. I'm going to show you some videos of my trades this morning. There's a stop loss but only because you can't need a stop loss to trade with apex but it's like way out of the way. I behaved like there's no stop loss. It's very important because if price goes against me, I will add another contract at the next either trend line that I drew. So I draw the trend lines or EMA, right? The next resist. So I was going short this morning, right? So if one price went against me, I added another contract and I moved my take profit up. So this is the King Keto Scout. I'll show you what it looks like. Go here. You have this go fuck with the stop loss. The reason is so large because I really just wanted out of the way. I'm ignoring it and I'm going for 20 ticks for my take profit. So on NQ, this would give you like $100 every time you hit your take profit. That's the template. The stop is just there because I think you need to stop for apex but I'm totally ignoring it. Because what I'm going to do is I'm going to buy my way out of it. If it goes against me, I'm going to put in another contract at the next either trend line or EMA and I'll go a few deep. If I end up adding another contract, I move my take profit up. Let me show you what that looks like. It's not the best video because I took it with my meta glasses. But let's watch it. So what you can see is these are these were sell orders. These are sell orders and they're stacked up at the EMA's and supporting resistance. Now this is the 15 minute chart. I keep the two minute chart up. You don't have to do this. This is something I do. I just watched the two minute chart. It's two minute chart. It's kind of there like just an indicator. I just like to watch it but I'm kind of ignoring it. Really I'm trading off the 15 minute chart. When I'm traveling and I don't have two screens, it's only a 15 minute chart. Let me show you what this looks like. So I'm going in. This is the open right. You hear young candlestick on discord in the background saying what up to people. Whoa. I am. I'm so afraid you're not in the job. I'm in it. Hit my sell order is going to get me in it. Look what the stop loss is. I'm totally ignoring it. You would never hear no one else say this. How much you risk portray how risk it all. I'll give a fuck. It's not my money. It's a profit right. Now I'd have a tight stop that if I was to work with trading one my money. But let's keep going. All right. It's my take profit. Okay. So it happened a hit my sell order. So what I'm doing now is I'm moving to take profit up because I don't need as much to get my honey dollars. Got home. It didn't hit my take profit. Boom. 30 seconds in the market open. That's how I started my day off. And I took some trades in the pre-market too. But that's how I trade. And then when you do that, it like these other sellers are here to get you race as you can see. They just go away. This is a unique strategy. You may be thinking, if the price keeps going against you, when do you cut your losses if you're like ignoring the stop loss? Like I behave like there's no stop loss. And basically, it's a mental stop loss. I go off of vibes. I'm legit trading off the vibes because I've been bugging trading in queue futures. I'd have hundreds and hundreds of hours on the same instrument with the same strategy. So I just feel good about what I'm doing. So even if it goes against me, I'll just buy more and then move my take profit. Here's another example of it. Now this one wasn't as clean as that one. I think this was pre-market. So you see, I'm in the trade now. I hit my seller order and you see I have other sale orders stacked up. And here's the thing. I don't think it's going to go through all this resistance. It's going to shoot up past all this resistance at once. Look out price move, especially on a 15 minute. If it goes up or if it goes down, it doesn't go in a straight line. Right? It has dips. Boom. It's always a wave up or down. And I'm riding the wave. I'm future surfing. So the things you got to be with the trend with the overall trend. So I'm in this trade, watch it go against me. And I'm just watching the show called Get Up. Then I have other shit on my other computer. But I'm chilling. I'm in a negative eyed trip in. This trade is going against me. It's looking bad. And then you see, just having there, it hit my other buy order. Right? So now I'm losing money twice as fast. Loddy, all my focus is a panic. But I'm way cooler than you. So I'm chilling. See where it is right at the moving average. That's where I had it. Watch what happens. See how the latest on phone design. Okay. Oh, and then I moved. I moved my take profit up. Basically half. Halfway where it was. Because I don't need as much. An anxious about having a run. It was an exit trip or something. It's basically hell. All right. So now we just chilling. Listen man. This stop loss is like off the screen. I'm in your way. All right. See his bouncing. I'm just watching. Yes, be in chilling. I need to be. Okay. Now it's profitable. But my take profit yet. La, blah, blah, blah, let's see if we can move it up. It's still negative. I've been in the straight for a man long. I'm just chilling. All right. Let's see what happens. Okay. Now look. You can see better on the two minute. It's moving down. It's shot up. Right. It's cool. My buyers. But now it's coming down to the take profit. And I'm chilling. I'm watching. Yes, be in. Sometimes I'm playing guitar or I'm doing this shit. It's about to give me my take profit. There you go. Boom. Hit the take profit. Yeah. And that was like a hundred fifty dollars per hour. So it was three thousand dollars because they have been on twenty e counts. And that's what I do. I mean, I mean, the balls eat no stop loss. Gangsters shit. It only works on a fifteen minute chart because a fifteen minute chart is just, I don't know, it just makes more sense to me. I draw a trend lines too, right? What's the funny man? I've been drawing trend lines all month. And you can see all. I keep them up. They steal act that support and resistance. So I can go back here. This is a trend line. I drew fucking days ago. It's still acting in that support and resistance weeks later. So I keep it up. Look until this gets too messy then I got to start fucking. This look what happens. Like look at look at it. It's shot down pre-market boom. You can see a bouncing off support and resistance. You can see a bouncing off the moving average. This is what I do this out this out. If we go back here, look how many contracts deep. I was willing to go in. I was willing to go ball's deep. I was willing to go four contracts deep. Because I didn't think it was going to blast pass all this without coming to. And I would have kept moving my take profit. And I don't think it would have went past all it is without hitting my take profit. Or it could have. It just hasn't been my experience. And you just got to know how to draw to put the support and resistance. And you know, you got to be ballsy to do that shit. Because sometimes I'll be like, I'll end up five contracts deep. That means the trade really went against me. But then what happens is the break even moves up. Right? Break even moves. So you I moved my take profit closer to breaking even. But to the point because you don't need as much. I just want to get 100 dollars or so. Each trade is ball'sing almost nobody trades like this. That's how I do it. I'm just trying to get 20 ticks. About a hundred dollars a trade. Sometimes it's clean sometimes it's not. The alkali let me know if you'll see anybody else traded like this. But I am the only person. And here's the thing. You don't need to have a lot of money. I'm using a proper amount trading with their money. Going in with small size and scaling up if it goes against me. So it gives me room to be wrong. Now there's a few things you should see. This is my trade is set up. The other monitors are connected. The only monitor connected to this laptop is this one right here. This is like my other my other computers is weird. Don't worry about it. But what you need to pay attention to is this. This is a string deck mini. So I have I have hotkey set up on Ninja trader. And this is by market. So if I see it's something happens real fast. I need to just buy boom hit that button. It's like a joystick. Sell market if I need to go short. Boom I hit this. Then if I need to move to a break even stop. I hit this almost never use that shit though. But like is there if I feel like okay. I hit go break even and then sometimes I need to just get out of a trade. Boom take profit otherwise if you're on Ninja trader you got to do this. I got to move up move around and it's like cumbersome. I'm in fuck that. I also have hotkey set up on my mouse. So this is the lie detector. MX Master 3S. So these buttons you can program. This button here is sale market. This button here is buy market. So I did also do it from my mouse. I like to do a better on a string deck. But when I'm traveling it's just I just program the disk boom and I can just do it off here. This is take profit like close position. That's unique. I haven't seen anybody talking about it. Let me know if you're other guys are doing it. I'll be watching other traders shit. And as basically it's like super simple way of trading. But you got to have nuts. Like I see other people saying man you're going to have risk to pursue. I'm risk to get this much like y'all man. I'm risking it all every trade bitch nigga. It's strategic. You know my win rate is just like super hot. You can see how I'm up. You can see how much I'm up. Is right here. I'm covering up the numbers for security reasons. But you can see these up. And I'm up man like I'm up like a fucking quarter million. If you want to learn more about this. How to get a funded account so you don't have to risk your own money. If you want to learn more about my straightening. My trading strategy more in depth. If you have questions you want to ask me. I'm doing a live training next week where I show you exactly how to do it. The link is in the description. I'm going to break down everything. I'm going to weigh more in depth because there's more to it than what I showed you. I just showed you as much as I can in this amount of time. And if you want to ask me questions you can do it live on this training. We're going to break everything down. We have Q and A. It's going to be a lot of fun. Let's get it man. I'm going to show you how to get funded. How do you profitable. So you can start making money without risking your own money. That's the beautiful thing. I'm a better trader when I don't have to use my own money. Because of the psychological part of it. Click the link in the description. Sign up for the class. I'm going to be dope. I'm going to be dope.

=== FILE: How I Manage My Time Effectively & Stay Productive (+ My Daily Routine) [c06CJTus9fY].txt ===

In this video, I want to show you how you could be more productive than ever. Get way more done without having to sacrifice your family, without having to sacrifice your health, without having to sacrifice the things that are important to you. Any asshole can just work, let his fitness go to shit while his wife is cheating on him. And his kids, hey, that doesn't take skill. And he dick-y it can do that. Well, we're going to talk about his time management so you can actually manage all the areas in life and excel in each of them. And I'm well suited to show you how to do that because not only am I a father, not only do I have a great relationship with my girlfriend, I have tons of amazing friends, great relationship with my family, but I was able to do that and make meal his dollars simultaneously. And I'm going to show you how to do that in this video. Now here's the thing. When it comes to time management, we got to remember there are four quadrants of life. There is wealth, health. I know I'm going to make an artist try not to get too distracted by this family and friends. Then you got sexual relationships, your girlfriend, your wife, your host, bitches, whatever. And the reason sexual relationships aren't a different quadrant. A lot of people put that with family and friends and relationships because the average person has nine relationships before their marriage. People are breaking up with people all the time, right? But your family, you usually have one family. I've done bitches for raising their voice at me, right? But I put my family members, they get usually to get a little more leeway. Okay. So these are the four quadrants of life. Now it's important to make a distinction. Money and health are the two things you need to live. You cannot live life without money and health. However, family and friends, sexual relationships make life worth living. So you can live without a sex partner. You can live without family, but life sucks without those things. If you don't have enough money the way it's set up, you will die. Alright, you don't have a food shelter and obviously you're health. These are the four quadrants of life. Just because we want to excel in all of these, we still have to have a focus. It's very important. Some one that we focus on. Different times of your life, you might change the focus. But for the most part, you want to focus on what the will. Because this is the only one that improves every other area. I know this because when my father killed himself, I had to take care of family so I had to do what get money. Can't pay my mom's bills with love alone. Need it money. Right? When the motherfucking IRS came for all those fucking back taxes because they filed jointly, they didn't want my love. They didn't want her son's love. Right, they wanted that money. Let's go get this money. You get them saying that how her bills gets paid. When my cousin died and it was 20 grand for the funeral, I couldn't pay with my love or tears. Right, I had to give them some money. Right. And then who had to pay for his daughter's school, the daughter still had to go to school. We've known her was no more income. Had to pay for it with money, not love. So money improves the rest of your family. Friends, money improves your health. Magic Johnson would be dead. He would have died in the 90s. Everyone else who had HIV if he was not a multi millionaire. And study showed that wealthy people live about 10% longer on average than the middle class and the middle class live significantly longer than the poor. So poor boys be dying early. Right, for a healthy reason. In a sexual relationship, women initiate 80% of the voices and the number one reason cited for the voices for us financial reasons, stands to reason that if you want one to be in loving lasting relationship, you better get some of this motherfucking cash. Right. So we want to focus on money because they improves all the other ones. But we're not going to neglect the other ones as well. We still want to make time for our friends and family. We're still going to make time to take care of our health and we're still going to make time for sexual relationships. All right. Now, how are we going to do that? I'm going to show you how to plan everything. Before I do that is very important that you want to stand a super important concept. And this is the concept of single tasking. So a lot of people will look at those quadrants and think, oh man, I need to learn how to multitask. Multitasking is a goddamn myth. Let me show you that when you switch between tasks, things take way longer. You make more mistakes and it cut down your productivity by up to 40%. And there's a few reasons about that. So we got to learn how to single task. When I say single task, I mean, we're going to do one thing at a time. So in a minute, I'm going to show you how to plan out all areas of your life in your calendar. But you've got to understand this concept first. We're going to single task. We're going to do one thing at a time. So you're not going to be working and playing basketball with your kids simultaneously. You know, that's going to be doing spreadsheets while trying to give you a girl in. We're going to do one thing at a time. It's very important because people try to multitask but should don't work. And there's a few reasons for that. First of all, is your brain wasn't designed to do it. This is how the brain works. This is my drawing of a brain. I know I'm a great artist. Just try to focus. Don't get too distracted. There's a few different parts of your brain. First we have what we call the pre-funtal cortex. And this part of your brain is responsible for shifting attention. Then there's another part of your brain called the post-parenthal lobe. And this part of your brain, it sets rules for the task that you're involved in. Then we have another part of your brain. Again, remember, all of these are being activated when you switch tasks. It looks like a little pack man or something. And this is the anterior gyros. And this part of your brain is responsible for monitoring errors to seem that's a trigger now when you're making mistakes and when you're not. And there's one more part. It's kind of up in here this region. And that's the pre-moulder cortex. This job is sort of getting ready for movement. You use all these different types of parts of your brain when you switch tasks. And the problem with that is you use way more brain energy than if you just do one thing at a time. All these brain areas are not recruited when you're working on one thing simultaneously. But if you're trying to switch tasks to multiple things at once, you're using all these different parts of your brain simultaneously. And if you work your brain way harder than you need to. And it's way more arduous on your brain than it needs to be. And the reason that's important is because your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest when it's doing nothing. So imagine when you start activating all these different regions of your brain, you've got them working hard. It starts to go way up. As a result, when you multitask, you don't really do two things at once. You're constantly switching tasks. For example, get a pittin' paper and do this. Like the first letter of your name, then below it, right, the first letter of a pet name. Then go back to the second letter of your name, the second letter of a pet name. You keep doing it until both names are written. Now think about how long that took you. Now just write both names one at a time. odds are you wrote the names one at a time much faster. Why? Because there's no such thing as multitasking. That's what you're doing. You're just task switching when you go back and forth from one name to another. That's what multitasking really is. Now you're never really doing multiple things at once. You're switching between tasks. And the reason it takes so much longer is because this is going to represent multitasking. This is going to represent single tasking. When you do that, what happens is you do one thing. Then you have to stop in your brain has to recalibrate. That's probably what happened when you were writing the first letter of each name. Boom. And you have those little gap that you wouldn't keep going. However, when you single task, you can go the same amount of distance without these little gaps. And the gaps is why it takes you so much longer to get things done. Because your brain has to reacquimate to a task when you switch. And those gaps kill productivity. You may be asking yourself a brain and why you're talking about this, right? Because first we need to understand that we need to single task instead of multitasking. And now once we've done that, now we have to start doing something called time blocking. This way we can focus on one thing at a time. I'm going to show you my calendar. I plan out every hour every day on my calendar. I do my best to leave no gaps. And I'm only working on one thing at a time. As a result, I get things done way faster. Because my brain is not working that hard. And I don't have those time gaps. So what you need to start doing, plan your days in Google Calendar. That's the only one worth using. And I suggest you plan out every hour of every day. And do one thing at a time. That's very important. And you're going to get so much more done because you're not doing this dumb shit. You've been doing all your life. But also your day-ass structure. And you can actually choreograph it. Now remember to remember there's four quadrants of life. So we need to plan for each of these quadrants. You were never your work and you could get money sessions. You've got to put that in your calendar. You're health and fitness. Put it in your calendar. When you're going to work out, I plan when I'm going to eat. When I'm going to go to sleep my wake-up time. Like everything's in there. If you want to kick it with your homies, do fun stuff with your family and friends. Put it in the calendar. And it was important is when I went my son, I am not doing other shit. I'm not working. I'm not trying to do a bunch of other shit. When I'm going my girlfriend, saying, when I'm in the gym, I'm not on my phone. I'm not doing another shit. I'm just working out. And that's why I get so much more done. But also, one because I'm not multitasking. But more importantly, because the day is choreographed. Every time I talk about working hard, people would get mad at me. And I didn't think it was controversial that if you wanted to string financial success. They'd you had to probably put in a string effort. I didn't think that was a controversial thing. But I think people misconstrued it. And they said, I don't want to sacrifice family. I don't want to sacrifice my health. No one told you to do that. If shit. No, I'm telling you what's going to happen is you're going to start sacrificing the other things. The bullshit. You're going to plan to stuff to it's important. Because these are the only four things that are important. Everything else is bullshit. So you're going to sacrifice the Netflix. Somebody asked me that they may. You've been watching that new squid games. No. I didn't watch the first one. I only had Netflix because every few years, Dave Shapil comes out with a comedy shit. And that's the only place I can watch it. All right, but as it or they got live sports in it. Or I should like that. You sacrifice your TV shows, sacrifice your video games. You're going to sacrifice corn, huh? You're going to sacrifice Call of Duty weed smoking sessions. You may be you sacrifice going out to the club. But you'll get the important shit done. Why? Because it's in your calendar. And there's another benefit to this. A lot of you guys are trying to break bad habits. You're trying to stop doing some bullshit. Well, because you're just trying to stop doing it. But you don't have to even do that. The calendar's full of the productive things. The things that help you move towards your goal. There won't be no time for bullshit. I haven't smoked weed in over 10 years. But I acknowledge that it's awesome. I don't have to try not to do it. I stopped smoking weed on accident because my calendar was so full. If I plan every hour of every day with important stuff, when I'm going to have time to get high, you can understand. It was an accident. Oh, I haven't smoked the man long. I might as well quit. Right? The same thing happened without call. I was just so focused, working hard. It was like, oh, I haven't drink in like almost a year. Not even trying just because I was so focused. You're inadvertently squeeze out the bad habit because you just won't have time for him. This is the cheat code. Everybody wants to man do this to quit. Have habits. I need to go on the double mean p-tox. I need to do no fat shut up nerd. Just pack your calendar for the productive shit. And you won't have no time for the bullshit. I got all the same. Repensity for vices is you smoking weed is great. Getting drunk is awesome. Chasing holes going to strip clubs. All that shit is just as fun to me as it is to you. But my calendar is full of productivity. Your is blank. So you fill it with vices on accident. And you wonder why you can't stop doing this shit because you didn't replace it. Well, good shit. You can't just quit the shit. You've had to replace it. So here's what we're going to do. We want to start time blocking. Get building your colisem because you're a warrior now. And the first part of this colisem, you're going to have time blocking. And you're going to use your calendar. Now that you've got your colisem, no, you're going to need to build little pillars. And the first pillar is going to be your git money sessions. Whatever you do for money, if you got your job, a side hustle, if you drive Uber. All right, whatever it is, you're doing to get money, you're financial mold. This is going to be the first pillar to get money sessions. Put it in your calendar. Then the next thing that needs to be in your calendar, you help to finish. Remember, those are the most important ones. Boom, you're health and fitness. What are you going to do is you're going to put your fucking bedtime. So this is going to be when you go to sleep. People ask me, how you get up early. Oh, I go to sleep early, man. I'm sleeping at 9.30. I'm going to have time to do some bullshit though. If I'm sleep, you wake up time, workouts, meals. My meals are in my calendar. Oh, yours are not no wonder you fucking eat like shit. You got a choreograph, your life, man. Money sessions is going to be, you know, just side hustle, bs, whatever you got going on. And it could be the busiest start. If you want to start a business, if you want to start a side hustle, don't get around to wait. Block off the time and you're calendar, man. Then we start prioritizing the other shit. Friends and family, put it in your calendar. My home and Jeremy hit me up. He was like, yo, let's get together, man. With the girls and let's go to no boot. And I was like, bet when you want to go. We came up with a time. And next to you, no Jeremy sent me a calendar invite. Oh, go get out of there. That's how many of my friends get down. That's why we rich. My boy Wade was like yo, let's link up and go to the range. We read on time, wait sent me a new calendar invite. That's where to go. Dinner's hangouts, whatever the those you move focus do together. And then you sex partners, friends and family, right? A family over women, throws over holes. Very important. Can never forget about that. And if your woman's same thing, man, don't be fucking shitin' on your friends for some dude, good friends are difficult to find. Fucking sex partners, you can get one at any time, especially if you're a woman, man. You can get one this afternoon, man. Name today, man. Is it him? I'll just play a meme. We got a girlfriend, man. He's off the market. All right, sex partners, right? So if you use it date night, vacay, all this shit should be here calendar. And your calendar should be full of this shit in this shit only. What else is left? Nothing. Nothing important. If you got some hobbies or some shit you're trying to do, okay? That's not a pretty encounter. They even mean, I didn't put it here, but I have like, time to practice my guitar on the calendar. Very brief, very time. But it's in it. It's very important. And some people may say, this is not romantic. And it's like, you know what's really not romantic? Not having money? That's less romantic. None drive a pussy faster than it, empty wallet. That's a fact, man. You know, you prioritize your health and fitness. I mean, what are you gonna do? Get around to it. And then your friends and family, they should be in your calendar. And some people would be like, man, you shouldn't have to plan with your family. You shouldn't have to plan with anything. That's such a poor ass, man. I fucking hate you. The truth is, for me, if it's not a my calendar, that means I don't give a fuck about it. The things that are important are my calendar. My girlfriend is in my calendar because she's important. My son is in my calendar because his name is in portent. Somebody was making fun of me and I said this before the video. He said, Brandon's like, all right, time's up, son, gotta go. Right? He's like, yeah, it's funny. But the truth is, man, kids have fucking bedtime. He's fucking little kids. He's fucking 9. 30. Here goes in. I know when his bedtime is. There, and that's when it's fucking over. Anyway, you wouldn't put this in your calendar. It's very important, man. It will not work without this. Now, if you can do this, if you can work on one thing at a time and put everything in your calendar and plan your days, then every day can be a successful day. It'll help you avoid distractions because now you're on a schedule. And again, when you're doing your money sessions, you wouldn't have. Unless your phone is part of you getting money, you put your phone away. Like, I'm not doing nothing else right now, but doing this video. I'm not checking nothing else. I'm just here with y'all. That's why it's so good. Now, I have another video all about how to use the calendar and I go into great detail about how to set up your calendar, how to set a Google calendar, how to set up recurring tasks, and how to automate a lot of this. You want to go watch that video now.

=== FILE: How Online Fitness Coaches Will Get RICH In 2025 (Full Plan) [uzH0q2GC1Eg].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna break down everything you need to know to make money as an online trainer. Some of you guys are gonna wanna do this full time, quit your fucking 95. Some of you guys are just gonna wanna do it part time, and that's cool. Over the last few years, I've coached over 15,000 people helping build their own life in this business. Some of them took it, indeed, full time, quit their jobs. Some of them were in college when they started working with me. Never got a job, and they've just been full time online trainers their whole life. Some of them like their job, and they just wanted to make some extra money doing something they love. They'll be clear. I'm not gonna say you anything, everything's gonna be free. There's an ebook that accompanies this video called the Tank and Man's of Online Training. You can download the links in description. It'll shed a little bit more light on what I'm gonna talk about here. You may be saying, watch out listen to you. Well, one, I've helped over 15,000 people build successful online, I've been into businesses, but I actually did it myself. And I was one of the first people to do online training. So it started after my father committed suicide in 2007, right before the global financial collapse. It was the great recession of boy. And I was in a position where I had to take care of my family, and really big as out of this financial hole, it was left, right? You don't get life insurance if you kill yourself. So my dad all he left was a bunch of huge mess. And I was the man at the house, so I had to start taking care of everybody and I had to figure things out. I had four different jobs. I was working like 80 hours a week for about two years. I remember I was reading a book on internet marketing, which was novel at the time. And I thought, what if I can train people online? Because I had been at one of my jobs as a trainer. I've been a trainer since I was 16. And I was like, all right, but how do you do it? And there was no videos like this or how to do it. So that's why I'm making this for you guys. There's no videos, there was no books, there was no training because all of us who started online training back then, we had to invent it. We were a pioneer. Now we have more resources in this way easier and now, and you can make way more money now, and I'm gonna show you how. So check this out. So there's a few things you need in order to become a successful online trainer. You're gonna take a lot of notes. You want to pay attention and take notes. So the first thing we wanted to do marketing, before I get into the marketing, a lot of you make guys maybe thinking, wait a minute, online training is over saturated now. It was easy when you started branding because nobody was doing it. You wanted the first. Yeah, I was one of the first ever to do it. I'm telling you, you don't have to worry about it. Being over saturated for two reasons. One, we got more customers than ever. Check this out. The obesity problem in America is rising. Look, it keeps going up. And childhood obesity keeps going up. You think they're gonna get skinnier when they become adults? No, man, it should just start in the hockey stick, right? Now, what does that mean? More clients, man. We get more clients every day, baby. There's more potential clients than there are online trainers. Believe that. These people's parents are growing some future customers for us. So don't worry about it being over saturated. Now the problem is, if you want to be in person trainer, you can't make a lot of money, right? But this is from Zippercorder, recruiter. The average in person trainer makes about, you know, little over $1,000 a week. I would jump off my fucking roof. If I was making that much $2,000 an hour, that doesn't account for the time you're in the gym, prospecting, or trying to get clients, it's talking about the hour is working. Because a lot of gyms, you have to be the salesperson, too. That's what was my first job when I first worked in the gym. And it's not as effective, right? Online training is more effective. And I'm gonna show you how in this video how you actually train your clients as well. So they get better results than most in person trainers. I'm gonna show you how. But check it out. These are some of the people I've trained over the years. This guy never meant this to do to in person, right? But I helped him lose 140 pounds from online training. This dude, man, you know, he was doing the kiddos, stuff with me, but I look at him and look at the results he made. Couldn't have done it without my help. I never met this kid in person, right? But look at him. This dude right here, his progress man. He lost a ton of weight. I never met these people. This dude right here, it looked 30 days. Like I never met these people to all online training clients. Now check this out. Here's one of the reasons why online training is more is more effective to in person training. In person training focuses almost 100% on the workouts. And that makes sense because that's where you can pay by the hour, much like an escort. I've heard Neema told me that. They focus almost all on the workouts, right? And very little on the diet. But what's gonna get the client the best results? What gets you the most results when it comes to training? Is it working out or is it diet? Dye, everybody knows you can't out train about that. But you can out diet bad training. So what we're gonna do with in person training is focus almost everything on when it reverse this. And focus way more on the diet. And we're still gonna give them workouts. We would've built their form and everything man shut up. All right, we're gonna film much of the diet is right. Cause you can't out train a bad diet, but you can out diet bad training. This is why most online trainers, at least one is I work with get better results for their clients than most in person trainers. Because in person training doesn't give them a fucking workout plan and they definitely don't make sure that they track their macros every day. They're definitely not hitting them up and seeing if they hit their numbers every day. Just just not. So anyway, let me show you this. And we're gonna get into the marketing in a second. Just hold hold your fucking hooches. This is a study done by Duke University and they took a bunch of fat boys. And they said, hey, fat boys, all we want you to do is track your diet in my fitness pal. Everything you eat for three months. In all an average, these motherfuckers lost five pounds. But they didn't give them any diet. Like five pounds and three months is not like exceptional. However, a mad would've got to remember that they did not give them any diet plan. They just told them the track. They just told them the track. They didn't give them the whole diet plan. They didn't give them the workout plan. They said, just track what you eat, fat boy. And they lost weight. So if we give them some plan, it's better than nothing. Which is what these guys decided to give them. Nothing, we should be able to get better results. Let's get back into marketing. It comes in marketing. You've got to stand out. And the way you stand out amongst all the trainers is to find your niche or niche if you are pretentious. niche. Let me ask you question. Let's say you got two doctors. One of the doctors, you can go to them for whatever's wrong. Which you've got. You've got a motherfucker error faction. You get throw and hurt. SCD, whatever you got. You'll help you out. Then another doctor, he's a hard surgeon. All he does is operate on heart. We get paid more. A surgeon, right? Because a surgeon is specialist. Specialist always get paid more. If this guy said, hey man, you know what, man? What you need a heart surgery? Man, I'd do it for you. Man, let me just help this. Let me just put this kid in the cast and then fix this person's ear infection. I'll be right there. Think about it. Imagine if you want to get laced with eye surgery. This is your eye balls. I'm going to show the laser in your eye balls. Would you go to the guy who's helping other a bunch of people with other stuff and he does a little eye surgery? He does a little laser eye surgery on the side. Or do you want to go to the motherfucker who's been only doing laser eye surgery for the past 10, 15 years. You want to go to specialist. Specialist always make more money. Here's another example. This is a New York City diner. Almost all of them are the same. You want to go in there to get thick menus. You can get anything. They specialize in nothing. You get spaghetti, you just meet loaf, or read a steak. Anytime that you can get in is one of my favorite restaurants in New York, STK in Midtown. You're going to pan demic a lot of these joins when out of business. I used to live on Upper West Side, the 72nd, the 72nd and Broadway. All my block that was one of these diners in it. It shut down during the pandemic. I knew to manage it at STK. I was friends with all those guys and he said they were making more money. The whole thing makes more money in general. Specialist always make more money. We think STK specialized. It's right. Steak. So, especially this always makes more money. So, you really need to become a specialist to stand out. So, when you think about your niche, the street you want to consider, you want to consider. Who? You want to market too? What problems you want to help them solve? How are you going to solve that problem? So, the who? You've got to think that you want to focus on training men or women. So, a lot of times when I say this, training is like men, I want to focus on men and women. You can train men and women. That doesn't mean you can market too many and women simultaneously. Let me tell you why. So, check this out. If you didn't know, could you just look at these the other? And know if it's for men and women. Alright, let's take this one. If you didn't know who is the one, could you look at the font, the colors, the names, they pick pretty much the cipher, who is for men and women? Who do you think is for this old-spice men and women? I'll give you a hint. There's a fucking bear taking a bite out of the name. It's probably for men. Check this out. Both of these, the other is I owned by the same company, Proctor and Gamble. There are some artists that know that they can make a deodorant that men and women would like. So what they do is different brand for women and a different brand for men. You got to think your brand. You only got one brand. Who do you want to market to? You want to think about what age group you want to focus on? I'll explain why in a minute. You want to keep it within like a 10 year gap. And then we think of what problem do you want to solve for there? What problem do you want to solve? What you don't want to do is just be a fitness guy or fitness girl. You will not stand out on those circumstances. But what problem do you want to solve? And then you want to think about how do you solve that problem? This is your mechanism. I'll get into what that means in a moment. So for example, when I started making really big money as a online trainer, I focused on men, no daddy, age 25 to 35. Because I was about 25 at the time. Men, age 25 to 35, that's a good demographic. Now, what problem I saw for them, I just wanted to help them get ripped. And I used their language because I knew as a trainer is that they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. That's the only thing that only should I focused on. If you were obese, I wasn't the guy to come. You're going to lose 300 pounds. I'm not the guy to come to. If you wanted to be a fucking pro athlete, I'm not the guy to come to. However, I have trained pro athletes. I've trained guys in in the field, but I didn't market it at, right? I was a specialist, right? I helped young men get ripped. And how I did that initially was intermittent fast in bodybuilding. And then when I went keto, I changed it to keto diet with bodybuilding training. I went to full body workouts later, right? Think about how many trainers are there online? All trainers. Think about all trainers. How many are there? There might be millions. If you think of every asshole, it might be millions. Every asshole with trainer and his body might be millions. You don't want to compete with all those people. It makes you so you don't want to compete with all those people. Because remember, I'm only focusing on men, right? So that's half the population. Boom, I don't have to worry about. But it's not even all men. It's men age 25 to 35, right? So this is like a sliver of this population. Boom, it's only the men who want to get ripped. Now, to be clear, that might be half of this population. And then it's the only ones who wanted to do with bodybuilding training in keto. So now, two things happen. One, I become a specialist. I don't have all these competitions because I'm only focusing on one kind of guy, but one kind of problem. This comes very important. How many people on competing with now? How many trainers even right now can you think of who only focus on helping young men get ripped? With keto and bodybuilding. How many are there? Now, man, this is an important part. When this guy wants to solve this problem and he's down to do with this method. When he finds me, he can't price shop now. Because I'm the only person specializing in this. And the reason you want to have the age to is because the market, and you got to think why this guy wants to get ripped. And it's more psychological stuff that I'm going into. But now, I only make content for this person. Once it's solved, this problem. And I tell him how this method will help him solve that problem. So then I start making content around that. I make content around that. But it's only to this guy who wants to solve this problem. How do you grow all the audience? People have to share your content. That's the only way content grows. But if you're making regular shit, it's not going to penetrate the market. But when this guy wants to solve this problem, sees it. What's he going to do? If it's good content, he's going to what? Share it. Who's he friends with? Who's who are his followers? Same kind of guy with same kind of problem. And then they start sharing. And that's how you grow a following. There's no other tricks. That's how you grow a following. It was just important to have a niche. Every trainer of culture's got to the million dollar mark. They were super clear about their niche. And you got to make sales. Right? How do you sell? Now let's say you don't have a big following. You could just wait until the content grows. But you probably want to start making money now. I'm about to see how you see your secret strategy that you can start getting clients now. But it's in super important way of the niche. We want to do is we call this group hacking. So on Facebook, I know you kids don't like Facebook, but it's still a lot of money to be made there. On Facebook, there are groups where your niche is already a part of. So you don't have to wait to you grow your following. You can start posting this content in these groups. And then what you do is when people engage with that content, you send them DMs. And let me show you what that looks like. Just one of my students Cory Armstrong. He's got a big following now. But he had like almost no following when you joined my program. So what he did is he's group hacking and post this kind of stuff in groups. Right? Now check it out. He posting groups. And he just posted the advice for his niche. What does it mean if that's in group? Because that was part of his niche. And he post how he lost weight while on vacation. We give him some strict strategic ways to do group hacking. Boom. Now check this out. Look at the engagement. Remember at the time, yes, 100,000 followers now by the time he had no followers. Right? Very little followers. Look how that's why he just went to the place where his niche was. Look how many likes he got on this post. Look how many comments. That's important part. Then what he did was he started DMing the people who commented. You know, we teach how to write top E. So it's persuasive. He posts this in the group. Not trying to sell him anything. Right? You won't be spamming. You're just giving advice. All you're doing is giving advice. And then boom. All these people start commenting. He starts commenting back. And next, you know he's sliding into the EMS. And he uses some of our DM scripts. Right? There's another one of our students. The only Chris he posted in a, he's keto low carb. That's his niche. He just posted before and after picked. Boom. Oh, and Chris, man, at the time he had got his Instagram deleted. I don't know what he did, but his Instagram deleted. So he didn't even have social media. All the air was a Facebook page. And he went into this group. Boom. Posted this. Bam, look at all these comments. Starting engaged with these people. Look at all these comments here. Right? Boom. Starting engaged with these people. Look at all these comments. This is a cheat code. This is why you don't need to have a big following. It helps you have a big following. I'm not going to lie to you. But if you have the right niche, then you can just go to where the niche is. Right? And Facebook groups is one of them. From there, what you want to do is you start DMing them. Where you have a conversation with DM, but you don't try to sell them in the DM. You want to jump on a zoom call with them. A zoom sales call. A few reason why sales calls are important. The biggest mistake people make when they do online training is they try to sell from a link in their bio. They might try to sell from a DM. And that's better than leaking a bio. But the easiest way to do it is to jump on a zoom call with these people. Or you might be wondering how much you charge. So let's go. Let's say your goal is $100,000 a month. So this is why you don't sell courses. This is why we do online training and not courses. And because courses, the average course sales for like $50,000. Like I've done research on this. If you want to make $10,000 a month, you have to sell 200 courses. And they have to be new people every month. Because they're not going to keep buying your shit to say people. So that doesn't seem like a bio option. Especially if you don't have a big follow. Most of you are never so 200 or nothing. But if you do online training, check this out. So this is what I teach my students for 16 weeks. You can charge $9.97. You're not going to sell this for a link in your bio. All right, you ain't never click nobody's a link in nobody's bio. I'll spend $1,000. It's just never happened. The higher the price, the more sophisticated the sales making this has to be. You probably didn't buy your car from a link in a bio. You probably went and had to see it in person. This is why we go to Zoom calls. Boom. For monthly, the charge in $2.97. Some of you might be thinking this is a lot of money. But it's really not. So for example, Equinox, it's like 250 per hour. The train was somebody. And they're not even going to help them with their diet. It's $2.50 per hour. And if you see that train in the twice a week, that's $500 a week. If you see that train in three times a week, that's $750 a week. This is a steal. This is way cheaper than person training. And if you're going to do weekly, then you do $80 a week. That check this out. Let's say you had average of 25 clients. 25 clients. And let's say you did all weekly, right? And they're paying you $80 a week. And if you kept average of 25 for 52 weeks, you would make $144,000 a year. And this is easier. And this is recurring. That's why I don't want to keep every client for a year. So I say, I keep an average of 25. This is way more palatable option. Let's look at the goal. Let's say your goal is under K per month. Now we're all not training. Boom, 40 clients is 16 weeks. That gives you $10,000 a month. 33 monthly clients. The price will, I gave you before. Guess you $10,000 a month. And if you want $10,000 a month, you need $31 weekly clients. Now, the truth is this is going to be a mix of this. Right? I just want to give you some idea of how this is recurring too. So it's, so you did a lot easier than the other shit we've talked about selling courses. That's what we're going to get on sales calls too, right? It's me enjoying in Belford. It's one of my mentors. Right? Sales calls have a higher conversion rate. Sales calls build more trust. People feel comfortable buying from someone they talk to face and face. That's the most important part. Sales calls is the easiest way to make a sale. It's more time consuming, but it's the easiest way to make a sale. Right? What do you need is a solid script. You're going to be watching with Wall Street. Remember, you took these guys off the fucking street. And what are you giving? What's all this in the hand? Is that one scene? Why is the sales military book falling clear after the int. Her name is Melton Evel Christina. for me, get a script from anywhere, but you need a script. Don't try to fucking freestyle to shit. You will fail. If you have a good script, you don't need to be good at sales. I guess to keep remember, Jordan was taking these guys out of the fucking street. Remember, he said that they were fucking dumbasses. He met this guy and this guy was fucking this cousin or something and he met him in a diner or something shit. He gave him a script and now he made Naiballan. Get you a script. Right? You don't need to have to be good if you have a good script. It makes the prospect feel good about buying. That's a Comma Salesie. Now, how do you train the people? How do you train them so they get good results? Here's the thing. Remember that that graph I showed you earlier when they gave these guys, they didn't give them no diet plan, no workout plan. They just told them to track the diet. That's because anything will work. Anything will work. You don't have to be a fucking expert. I've been a trainer for over 25 years and I promise you, you can fucking take any diet plan and any workout plan and grab their average month of full-fuck off the street. And if they follow it, they would give results. I do keto, but you don't have to keto. You can do whatever you want. Everything will work. In fact, this study showed that even nothing works as long as they fucking track. It's the most important part. So what we're going to do is you're going to get them a custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. The main thing you do is accountability. I want my trainer is really, really kind of accountability coach. Your job is to make sure they do it. How do you make sure they do it? Check it out. I don't know why this is a picture of me in the water. That's what I was feeling at the time when I was making these slides. This is what I did when I first started. I set it up. I set up Google Sheets in docs. And what I did was I had my clients input their workouts and their calories. So I gave them a workout plan and a diet plan. But I made them track their workouts and go to school every day and I made them track their calories and put their calories in there and everything. And I message my clients every morning every morning. If they did not input their workouts and they diet, I tell them, hey, asshole, put the shit in the fucking thing. Right? Because I'm a trainer man. I'm a coach. But they did put it in there that, you know, then I will congratulate. My man, let's keep this momentum and let's keep going. And here's the thing, how you train any animal? What do you do? When you catch them doing some right you encourage them. You get them positive reinforcement. Positive reinforcement is how they train fucking dolphins. They catch them doing some right. They give them a fish. Keep repeating their process. They can't even know what fucking dolphins jump it through fire, jump it through hoops, on command. Positive reinforcement is more important than negative reinforcement. You got to catch them doing stuff right to an encouragement than they get a little dopamine in. They want to do it more. And that, he never did encourage them to do better the next day. But you let them know you're on your side. But what's important is if they know someone's keeping them accountable, they know someone's going to fucking hit them up every day. They're going to be more likely to do it. In fact, they want to do it though. They want to do it. That's why they page you. They need someone on that ass. Every day making sure it happens. This is optional. You can schedule a zoom check out, check in call with them once a week. Right? Let me show you how this works. So there's one of my students, co-rhen. He's from Miami. Right? And he was in the Marines. He and I know grows, but he's tough, right? He was in Marines. He's in my fucking veteran. And, you know, he didn't think this would work. When I met him, he was working in Equinox. He wasn't getting paid. He was talking on money. He wanted his basically struggling to make ends meet. He was reluctant to do online training. Because he was a good trainer at Equinox, right? But he was like, man, well what about their form and everything off like hell man? Fuck their form bro. You're not training these motherfuckers for it in Lempia or in the world cup. As long as they fucking doing shit they'll be alright. And if you super concern about it, you can have them film their workouts to send it to you. something is make sure they do something and they track it down. It took the risk, he was like, all right, man, I trust you, Brandon. This is some of his clients. You know, look at this transformation, you guys. Never met him in person, right? He's thinking current, right? And these are just, I just snatch these off current's Instagram, right? But these are people he never fucking met in person. Oh, no, let me show you. So, man, so, to check out what you're concluding at today, I made up to $6,473. How much? $6,473. $6,473. American dollars in one week. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a good amount. So, man, green bags. That's year one of him working with me. So, we're gonna do a unit training. You're gonna give them custom workout plans. You're all gonna make them just for them. It's super easy right now, man. You can get AI to give them the workout. You may be thinking, yeah, what do you think it just learned everything online? Yeah, but on, but fucking AI, I ain't gonna make them do it. Are your jobs that make them do it? Tell you, they need the fucking accountability. We ain't got no AI that makes people do shit, yeah. And it's easy to ignore robot. If you live through our last election, you know how many fucking texts I got, that I ignored from each candidate, you can ignore robot, the robot text, right? And the but our main job is accountability. Make sure they do it. And they will get results. Remember that study I showed you, motherfuckers had nothing and got it results, right? And you don't have to be a certified trainer because there's no law saying you gotta be certified to give fucking workout advice or diet advice. You do have to be a certified dietitian if you wanna give advice for people to cure diseases. But we ain't doing that. We help people lose fat, getting a shape. I showed you don't have to have a big follow when you use the group hack and method, right? We've had students who only do that. They said fuck, I'm not building my own follow. I'm just gonna do group hack and cause it's like easier. You don't have to spend any money on ads with this strategy. Now, I do teach students who wanna take the next level how to do ads and all that other stuff. You don't need to. In fact, I don't like my students to do ads until they're making at least $10,000 a month because ads are like gasoline. You wanna have a fire going for your dumb gas on it cause then it blows. You can have a combustion. If you don't have it, you just pour gas on the ground. Gas, smells good, but it ain't, ain't gonna blow up. I hope that was helpful. I tried to break down. I tried to make it as comprehensive as possible. If you want more detail, I'll get the free ebook to tank a man instead of online training to show you exactly how to do that. All right.

=== FILE: How Smart People Profit During War (Heres the Play) [XzYswBH6kwQ].txt ===

Big surprise, there's conflict in the Middle East. Who the thought, I want to take it to make some money off. I know that might sound like it's not compassionate. Isn't that the mirror you can do to change what's happening either way? So we might as well make some money off of it. And a lot of people talking about should the United States get into this conflict or not, why not let them fight their own battles? Yo, what up play is this future brand. And I recorded the video you're watching a few days before Trump attacked the nuclear sites in Iran. So in the video, I recorded it live on my YouTube. And on that video, I said that this was going to happen. It has happened. All right, it's just what point out you know, I was fucking right. Everything you seen is right. But the shit in the video was still in play because this is not the end of it. Or the contrary to it, United States need to protect Israel. You're all that. That's not even what this shit is about. This shit is deeper than that. But it's also simpler than that. I want to explain to you some background of this conflict. Why is happening? What's going to happen? And how you can make money off of it? We need to go back to 1971. We had a president called Richard Nixon. Now, before Nixon became president, the dollar was backed by something called the gold standard. Meaning that every US dollar was backed up by gold. Our allies and other governments kind of knew that we were printing more money than we had gold. That we was out here bull. And in Nixon was like, you know what, fuck it. We is making shit. We have to go with the gold standard no more. Nixon took us off the gold standard. But here's what happened. The money got to be backed by something. So later on in the 70s, the US made deals with Saudi Arabia and other opaque nations. Oil producing nations in the Middle East. The deal was that they would price oil exclusively in US dollars and exchange for military protection and some weapons, arm sales. And this created a bigger demand for US dollars, reinforcing the US dollar stance as the world's reserve currency. To make this clear, we're not backed by gold anymore. Thanks to Nixon, the reason the dollar is so strong and we are the world's reserve currency is because oil is exchanged in US dollars. Remember this, now here's the thing. Every once in a while, one of these oil nations, gets the idea that they want to start trading oil in other currencies. But we need dollars for. And every time that happens, we get fucked up. For example, in the 2000s, Sudan, who's saying, the side of him wanted to switch to start trading oils in your roads. Oh, you know what happened to Sudan, who's saying after that? Yeah. The Bush administration made of some lies about them have been weapons and mass destruction. Benjamin Netanyahu, he said there's no doubt that Sudan, who's saying, has weapons and mass destruction. That was straight up bullshit. It was just an excuse to go fuck them up because they were trying to do what? They were trying to trade oil in something other than US dollars. Keep that in mind, this was in 2003. But Sudan wasn't the only motherfucker to try to do this shit. Omar Gaddafi tried to pull the same bullshit. He wanted to trade oil in some African shit. No happened to him? Yeah, the US and NATO launched a military intervention. Backed some fucking rebels, they smoked that motherfucker and then Libya kind of descended into chaos. The plans for that African currency that they wanted to exchange oil was, those plans were scrapped. Venezuela announced that they was going to start trading oil or some other than the dollar as well. So, whether that would happen, US and Posts. Strict sanctions on VS of Venezuela, freezing their assets and then they backed the opposition the rebel opposition that would against them. Venezuela's whole economy fucking collapsed. We didn't go to war with them, but their whole shit is fucked up. It's like one of the worst countries on Earth right now. Syria in 2006 signed a deal with Iran to trade oil outside of the dollar system. Next, you know the US starts backing up opposing forces of the Civil War. Every time motherfucker starts trading oil is something other than dollars. Fuck, civil war breaks out. The rebel poor forces get a bunch of US guns, leaders get killed. Russia. This is where he's kind of. Interesting. Russia. Russia has a lot of fucking oil. I don't know if you'll know that. Russia's one of the biggest countries in the world. It's the only country that's on two continents. It's so fucking big. It's on Asia and Europe. In 2014, Russia began selling oil and gas and motherfucking rubies and euros and wine. All types of shit that ain't US dollars. US imposed massive sanctions on his motherfucking. They said it was because they invaded Crimea and all this other shit. It was about that oil. And there's so many sanctions on Russia just today at the time it is recording. Russian economists said that they are on the break of a severe recession. Their economy is shit, bro. The sanctions are fucking them up. Their GDP is too trillion. To put that in perspective, the GDP of the state of Florida is 1.4 trillion. Like their economy is shit because it is sanctions. You think America really gets a fuck about Ukraine? No man. These motherfucking says they are trying to trade oil on some other shit. So they give a bunch of money to Ukraine. It's just man simple. What does that have to do with Iran? Verse is Israel. Well, for a long time, Iran has tried to sell oil in motherfucking euros for euros and all types of other shit. And we sanction them. We pose economic sanctions. And some military threats. That ain't enough. And run as a lot of oil. It pulling the same should be pulled in 2003. Nanyahu is saying, these motherfucking's got nuclear weapons. Same shit he said about Saddam Hussein, which was a fucking lie. He's now saying, yo, these motherfucking's got nuclear weapons. Now motherfucking's wanna go bomb them. And even if United States doesn't get involved directly, we already given hell of money to Israel to fight them. Same shit we doing in Ukraine. Proxy war. Same shit we didn't in the Libya against Gaddafi, right? We didn't go out in just fight, we gave his opposition man money and guns. Same shit we did in Venezuela. We wasn't out there troops on the ground of Venezuela. We even given mad guns to shit to the Venezuelan opposition. It's all about oil. And ain't about, it ain't about the chosen people. I'm not saying this is good or bad. All I'm saying is these motherfucking's I've tried to trade oil and something other than the dollars and historically every time that shit happens, the country's gonna get bombed and fucked up. It's historically every time. That's what's happening now. Where United States is the main tank, it's superiority in the world. The dollar has to remain the world's reserve currency. And the only way you can do that is if oil is trading to US dollars, any time that is threatened, there will be fucking bombs dropped. That's the only thing this is about. How do we make some money off this shit? The best way to do is in the stock market. You know, Dick Cheney, during Iraq War, it trained used to be the CEO of a company called Haliburton before he was vice president. Haliburton, they make weapons in shit. You know, I don't know why that qualifies you to be vice president. So Dick Cheney, he was super adamant about this war. He had a lot of stock options in Haliburton. He was still getting paid by Haliburton when he went to war. His stock options went up about 3,000%. Because of the war. That's a pretty good return. This motherfucking outdated Warren Buffett. He just had to kill a bunch of fucking foreigners and Americans and start a fucking bullshit war. And he got paid. We can't stop the war. We might as well get paid. All right, here's my picks. There's a company called Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin, they make missile systems. They make F-35 fighter jets and shit. Let's look at this chart. This one has a really blown up yet, you know what I'm saying? But it's down here today. You can still get on date. When this war really starts a pop off and it will. They're going to blow up. I really believe they're going to do really well. We have a company called RTX. They make the Patriot missile and air defense systems. They're also publicly traded. This one is doing real well, right? So over the last year, this is up 40%. Cut the average. The average return when you a stock market is only 10%. Got them in the last five months. This shit is up 26%. I think it's going even higher. Because the bombs just started dropping. You think they about to stop? Nothing you can pick. As remember, this whole shit is about oil and dollars. So we might as well start fucking with some oil. You can buy oil futures over the last month. Crude oil futures have went up 18%. Time is recording. I think that that's a good bot. Made by it's get yourself some crude oil futures. You can buy futures on Robinhood. If you want to be more conservative, you can just buy the aerospace and defense ETF. And this is a ITA year to date. This shit is up what? This shit is up 20% year to date. I'm fucking with it. If you want to get even crazier, there's an ETF that's 3x leverage. For every percentage goes up, you get like 3x return. This is DFN. This shit is going crazy. A year to date, this shit is up 63%. Come on man. That's a lot of leverage. So this is 3x leverage that I'm a buy options, which is leverage. Using leverage. I'm going to be super leverage on that shit. Then you want to fuck with some other oil shit. This is the ETF that tracks the energy sector. So this one still got a way to go. It's not doing crazy this year. Or you can just fuck with XI, XI mobile. Oil prices keep shooting up. This is oil futures. Meaning in there, when you buy futures, you're betting that in the future shit is going to be better. Oil prices go up and XI should do pretty well. Also gold. Told you I was buying gold futures. Man long ago. The last six months gold is up to almost 30%. This is gold futures. If you don't buy futures contracts, if you don't even understand, you could just buy the ETF, GLD. That's up 26% year to date. And this is how we all make money off this shit. Pick some of your favorite ones, whatever you like. This shit is happening guys. Because this is the exact same playbook we saw in the Iraq war. Benjamin Yanyahu said this is I'm who saying that. Web is a massive structure. I'm a publish and all the motherfuckers inside. Hey, we need to go invade. That's what's happening right now. And if you don't have any money investing, you need to make some money broke. I got a free ebook for you called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. It showed you exactly how to grow your online fitness business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you've not certified. I made my first $1,000 as a online trainer. I've taught over 15,000 people how to grow their online business businesses. I'm going to show you for free in that book. Click the link in description. Check it out.

=== FILE: How This 21-Year-Old Helps Build Million-Dollar Businesses [wJbk8obyOyc].txt ===

Yo, what up with that? Welcome to another episode of Victor Retalk. In this episode, man, I wanted to highlight. Like young I'm entrepreneur. She's 21 years old. She's having a big move. She's from Chicago. Just like me. And that's why I wanted to bring on a social media story. Maybe inspire y'all because I know there's a lot of young people here from similar backgrounds. And I wanted to bring our Yale all over school and on then. Hi, I'm doing really well. I'm just glass of here. Was I so you 21 year old at business business on how long you been? When did you start? So I started my first business when I was 14 years old. You know, I was living in Chicago. And I wasn't old enough to get a job. So I started so early because I had no other choice because what I was dealing with at home. I'm like I need to make someone you need to find a way to make some running. This like the only option was for me to figure out what business to start. Yeah, well, that's not the only option Chicago man. It's like man. It's the crazy. That was only legal option. If it was even legal, it would be working out young. I don't know if it is. Maybe what did you do? So I've got this. No, this is good. You actually. Because a lot of times, some young people ask me, y'all, I'm 14, I'm 15. Yeah, how can I get some money? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm a fucking you don't, right? Like, because you figured out what what did you do? So maybe that can spark some. So I started doing here. So I started my sister used to like make wigs and stuff and I would help her. It's all my okay, I'm a charming wig. Now I'll just tell myself like a little bit better how to make the wigs. And I'm like, okay, I know how a lot of personal things look like. Uh, who will wigs me? $90 or $100, who will wigs me? Clients like look for clients. And so I always started off like that and then I started doing like my first sewing. And I was just literally practicing something. And then instantly like posting on an internet, ask somebody to pay me to do it for them. Oh, okay, okay. So you post your first classes off, like Facebook, like your family friend. Yeah, but I was like practice on the mannequin here, before I had clients, so I would post the mannequin here. Oh, yeah. And they're like, my little sister, she was like four years old. I practiced some French braids on her and I posted it. Like I was, I did not do it with myself and post myself. And you got clients off there. Yeah, I mean, it wasn't crazy at him. Do a lot. But does your first. Yeah, it was coming in. All right. Now what was the first like, I know that that probably got you to start. Let you know that it was possible. What was your first like business? Like venture to actually start making some real money. Um, here. Here started making me the most money at the time when I was like, um, 16 and 17 years old. So I really stuck to it. And by the time I was 16, that's the one I started seeing $10,000 a month, six figure years. And then, um, by 17 when COVID came, my income doubled to most full six figures. So I was still in a hair and doing hair. Like, what were you doing here? You was like, just doing people's hair or what. I was doing a wig and sauce. What wig and stuff. And stuff. But that was about the time I was the age when I started off in the 14th. I was doing flexi-braids. I was always, I was forever possible. I was like, whatever, whatever. So I was going to pay before. Yeah. But I doubled down by the time, like a couple of years from COVID started. Yeah. God, God, God, God, and then what what what would you do now? Now I do business culture and digital marketing online. So basically, my entrepreneurship journey has made people not only pay attention to what I was doing, but how I was doing it. And so the man, the man came about for people to learn from me. How do you market like this on social media? How do you do this? How do you do that? So it's like, okay, self-layer. I gotta start teaching. So I started teaching people how to um, skill their business is online. So people don't know how to make content. They don't have to market. They don't even have to form their business. New foundation. So I help with things like that. And then also I sell whole-sil vendors. So someone started clothing business. They want to start a here business. I go straight to China. I go straight to Vietnam or in I am source the suppliers in person, tested and then I sell it to people on social media. How does that work for you with the terrorist initiative? The terrorist. So I luckily, the suppliers that I use have US location as well. So they would just ship out of their US factory to where they avoid the terror fees right now. So a lot of people didn't get worried, but it worked in my favorite. The terror fees worked in my favorite. That's all I know. Well, I want to know only people who got a US-based supplier who have US locations they can ship from. That's what's up. So you're not just, you're not even though you're your coach, businesses, you're coach, you're always, you're still running your, you're exactly where. Yeah. That's what's up. What's, what are some of the, you say you help people with social media and the number of them? What is, what, give some tips like they get on the entrepreneurs, right? You know, because I'm I'm 42, right? So I don't know what it's like to be in, you know, in their early 20s, man. Well, did you say to somebody who's watching this with like 20, well, some tips you get them? Um, I really feel like it's not even an age on it because it's like no matter how old you are, some people aren't being the same position. I feel like do not wait for something to be perfect. People want to wait until everything's seen perfect to start. No, you start and then you make it perfect. Overall, it's never going to be perfect. You get better back experience. You learn through trial and error and some people do not understand it. I think that they, their near imagination so much that they're imagining something in some form of perfection that don't exist. If you're going to get into entrepreneurship, you have to understand. It's going to be ups and downs. Know you're not going to blow up on the first day. You're not going to blow up on the first night. You might not blow up on the first month or the first year. But what's like, you're making up money to get that month to month and how you view this, right? So that should be enough for you to stick to it and keep going. But yeah, I think people expected to come easy. It's not easy. No matter if you look easy today to this person that you look up to that person, it's not easy and it was never easy and it's still not easy. Yeah. This has got to follow up with it. You know, there's always some struggles that everyone does. Yeah, like it's like, like, what are some of the struggles you had about them? Like some struggles that had to go through is it's real? It's, I don't know if I should consider it a lot or not. But one thing that I struggle with is when it came to dealing with people, I didn't realize that I was not only signing up for teaching people, but I was signing up for dinner with other people's emotions as well. You say people with people who you talk about employees, you talk about vendors and employees, you know, customers. Yeah. So it's like, mean helping people start or start or skill their businesses is more so a mindset thing rather than a physical thing, because I've noticed that I can teach, I can teach you everything I know. I can teach, I can give you the blueprint. But if you don't do nothing with it, then what are we doing? But then they have the ability to blame you for not working because it's like, oh, I put, I put my problems in your hands. But I still didn't fix. I still didn't fix my discipline issue, my self control issue, my dedication, but at least not got somebody to blame. Yeah, no, no straight up. That's some real stuff. That's the real stuff. Because you don't start it off as a personal trainer. Like I started it like so they they pay you to say, and now they didn't go home and eat right. But they're going to blame you. They're going to say you're not a good trial. And they're not doing any work. And I'm like, Nick, you know, working. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, is it? Is the teaching not working or you know, working? That's the prime example. They can pay you to be at our personal trainer. They can come to the gym every day with they don't go home and eat right. Yeah. Not going to see results. But since they finally pay somebody. Man, it's you. I'm, yeah, not that's a big fact, man. That's sometimes people just looking for a scapegoat or they they want it, but they, you know, they might not want it the way they think they want. They might not want it's bad is they. Or they might not know that they're not buying. They're not buying you. They're not buying your body. Yeah. They're not buying your discipline. Yeah. They're not buying your ambition. They think he's just going to rub off. But they got it. Oh, you're buying the ingredients. You're buying the instructions. You're buying the knowledge and education. So I, um, I, in today's time, I struggle with like, you know, how to navigate through that. Yeah. Because I'm like, oh, this is about to be a long journey. Yeah. This is how this is how to be a long journey. So how to deal with situations like that. Um, I did, I deal with them, but it's like, I know, I've for Roach, if you got to know that it's not going to end. It's never going to stop. So how are you going to handle these situations when that happens? So yeah, that's one of the things. It's another thing. What are some things you have to change about yourself? Right? Because you said, he would have to change their discipline. Like, what is things you had to change? You come to success. What's a young age? Um, first of a comes successful at a young age. I had to change my environment. So as you know, I grew up on the South Side of Chicago. I used to live on 71st in King Drive. I actually was house to house every single year. Every year we got evicted. So I lived on the East Side. I lived on 70. I lived on 78th in Cows, 7th of the Palina. I lived on Side of the Pacific. You drive. I'm going here, here, here, here, here, here. So, um, when I was 17, I'm like first off, I'm tired of being everywhere. And second, I was just not how I want to live. It wasn't the best house. It was 10 of us in the two bedroom. I'm like, this is not how I want to live. So once I got myself together with um, doing here at the time, I first think I did my first part of my mom would down town at school at Condol. I arrived building. Right? I didn't even know anything. I didn't even know that condols were a thing. I just used to think that skyline downtown was just for show. Yeah, you just office good. Yeah, I didn't know people were there. It's all right. I didn't know people lived there until one time I went like, just wanted to say, you live here? That's like, what? You know, the condol? Yeah. So my first apartment during COVID, I called uh, high rise apartment on the 16th floor downtown, where for no effort, 12, 1500,000. Okay. That was great for um, that was great for downtown. So yeah, first thing changed my environment, they also changed the people who I was around because I noticed that um, the people as I was elevated and the people who I were hanging around, starts to act. They started to act different. We'll wait. Like in a, uh, a jealous and evious way, especially being a female. Um, and it came from me and I want me. So it would be like, I think that some people like to see you in a sort of position, they don't want to see you grow and they don't want to see you grow more than them. They definitely don't want to see. Yeah, especially knowing, especially knowing that you are around each other. Like like we hang, we hang every day. We, we like, we do the same type of stuff, but I'm still here. You, you grow. You're going up up up and I'm still right here. They like, what about me? Do something. Like, do something. If you don't do nothing, you're not going to get nothing. So I had to change this type of people while I'm on the ground because it would always be like, you know, people acting weird, people starting to sneak this me and spread rumors about me or some people really hate, but wait, other people love you. So they would like try to sabotage my name a lot of times because they see like, have people show me love and I guess just that spirit and then I'll be like, damn, was that difficult for you? I'll be yeah, I hate it all my life. Yeah. So when did it happen? I'd be like, I know exactly what's happening. I don't know what this is. I've seen it before. Yeah. And it's like, so you had to make like new friends, basically. Yeah. Yeah. Was that like, amazing. Yeah, it was better. Yeah, I'd be like, how do you go about that? Because sometimes people, they hit me up in the ass. You're how do I go about meeting different kind of people. I want to elevate my social circle. You got to go to the right places. Don't expect to meet someone to elevate your social circle at the club or at a house party, at a bar, even, right? Like, you want to meet people with the gym. Yeah. You want to meet people with network and events. You want to meet people with card dealerships. Like, you want to meet people. I got about a lot of social for reals. They like, in the place, like, the type of friends you want to have with the type of habits that you want to have, go to those places and you're going to meet like, my and the people. And you know, it's funny, man. I'm super glad that you say that it's just here the young age. Because my nephew, he's the Chicago right. He sounds outside. And I helped him. It was like during COVID. I helped him start a business and he made like over $1 million. Right. And I was here in the super excited for him. Right. And he's in this 20s. And but he stayed on the South side. He's relieved. And so that his home is getting shot and robbed. And every like, like, real shit. Well, like, well, it's really. And then he bought all this fucking jewelry and shit like, like, down. Why they want to see. They used to think that these people want to see you, but they're watching with the cars, with the money. And they can't. And they're not getting that. Yeah. They're not going to be genuinely happy for you. We don't see that in Chicago. No. It's not they are any nice. It's not like, it's not like in Miami. It even still like you. I mean, then like that, it would happen to them. Like, I would be scared though, like, when he was walking around, we're like, like, hey, you know, it's not safe. If you look on the target because you're, the people around you are not living like that, they're not dressed in like that. They're not know. And I tried to get them to come out here. Right? I tried to get them out. Like, I brought them out here for a month. And I put them in a place in a, he went back to the south side. He was all saw this money. Like, he broke it. Because he still, because he didn't get from around those people that he grew up with. He didn't get it. Get from around those people with that stagnant mindset. Yeah. So you're growing. You are supposed to move around. You want to come up with a simple stay there. But just hold them to come out here with me. Right? Now, you can stay with me. Right? He didn't live with, like, I'd say, I got them with place downtown. It's like for the summer. And I was like, yeah, stay here. And then like, you'll get you shut together and then get, you know, like, move back to the sky. Oh, man, he broke. Man, had to see. Because it's like, you don't even see better out there. Like, I love time still. You're not going to be wrong. But it's like, come on. Okay. If you at this level, like, you need to see people doing better than you. You need to see people better houses than you. You need to see people better cars than you. You need to, you need to hear and see people making way more money to you. Exactly. If you, if you make an emotion money in your friend group, you make an emotion money in your neighborhood, you make an emotion money in your city. You know wrong city wrong neighborhood wrong. That city, you won't be, you would target. And I do like me and my friend. We were talking. She was like, man, yeah, just moving this to building. I got a really, really good. I'm like, I got a really, really good price. She was like, I'm like, are you? She's like, I'm like, 30,000, she was like, I think I'm the poorest person in my building. So you was like, I think I'm the poorest person. And it's a self- money because she's doing really well for herself. But it's just like, when you get in a wrong way, you get in that location, you get an environment. That's a fact. It's like, you think you don't all it is. But no, what if we make a 300 million to mine? You're around 1,000, I'm like, so it was just so funny because it's like, she wasn't down playing herself. But it's like, it makes sense. Yeah, we know what it's like. Like, I, yeah, okay, I'm like a third thousand one. I might be the poorest person here. Yeah. It is fucked up being, it's fucked up being your richest friend. Like I remember like, like a long time ago, like, I felt that way. And because there was nobody you can ask where it vices. Bingo. You know, if you, if you do big dog, then it's like, it's like, who are going to start? So me and my friends, we are all in different states and cities. So it's like when we find each other, it's like a gym. Because we get to talk, we get to talk about our business, we get to talk about our webinars, our funnels, like this is this working for you? Yeah. What's your coverage like, any of my dang man? I got nobody else to talk to the stuff about. You still, why you say you Chicago? Why you say you Chicago? Why you say you Chicago? Why don't you like, I don't only go back. I love Chicago. I love Chicago too. I love Chicago. Oh, you left Chicago. I live in Miami now. Okay, my mood. My mood. I got, I got, I went to college in DC and then I would only go back to visit in holidays and I was like, here, let's see it. Now, I can't say. And I'm 2020 so I left when I was 18, but I was still doing here. Don't that came down here? Yeah. I'm like, I need more money. Yeah. I'm like, I'm not making enough money. I'm like an order to live in Miami. You need to be making digital income. You need to be able to pass a bit. I'm like, you need to be having a money flowing. I can't come down there and go look for clients to do here. I think I'm starting back at square one and these people are crazy rich. Yeah. So I turned around. Went back to Chicago. Oh, where? Maybe more money started my digital income journey came back. That's what's up. Popping it. Nice. Nice guys. Okay. How long you been living in Miami a year? A year. What's the main difference? You was asking me. What's the main difference in your opinion between Chicago and? I feel like first off, I feel like Miami is safer for people doing well for themselves. It's definitely, I think that way. Yeah. Look, I'm running on the steel craze in Chicago. I mean, I still got Chicago. I got a real Facebook on my everyday somebody shot every day. Somebody killed literally. Yeah, you got to be summer. You know, every time I got to be summer, everybody gets scared. They're like, listen, same thing every year. And then the people are way more, am I impending people are way more social here in Miami? In Chicago, in Chicago, people are not that social. Chicago got a dark cloud over. I'm not surprised. This is a dark cloud of Chicago. People are angry. People are like, you know, everybody going through something. That's what I feel like if like everybody going through some, everybody resent some, everybody mad. We don't lost everybody in the lost somebody on lost people. It's just like, it's not that much of a friendly, happy place all the time. Unless you, unless the sun come out one day. And now, we're like, oh, the sun, I don't feel good. Let's go to the late glides. You know, when I go next, when I go back to Chicago, I don't go to the cell cell. I like, I tell them, I've been trying to get my sister to move because I'm losing my mom a long time ago. Like, and I've tried to get my sister to move, but if she wanted to kick it now, you got to come up with me. Yeah, it takes so much to pull somebody out of the city. Yeah. It's just a comfort zone. Like, people don't want to lead their comfort zone. People don't want to leave with their youths too. So, I mean, like, I'll stick our family to Chicago. I'm trying to, hello, come on, I'm just saying why are they to last once everybody? Yeah, some Trump pulled them out and it's like, it's like you fight with a mindset at this point because you know that Miami is better or you know that this other status better. That's what's up. So listen, you help you, you actually been helping the other people accomplish some of the same stuff you. Yeah, so that's really what my role is now to help other people accomplish the things I've accomplished or more. And like, I've kind of realized the action that the goal really is to duplicate another me, like to create another me and some people will only teach you just enough to not be better than them. Yeah. But I feel like a real leader, a real mentor is someone who will into goldswords, duplicating another name. That's a fact as a face of what, what is some of the let's say you were, you were coaching somebody. Yeah. Right. What, what is some of the, what is some, but pieces of advice you give them or not advice, what are like five things someone needs to do or to get started to start moving towards the path to get started to start, like get their business from scratch or they are really doing this. It's more fucking, you just start, you just try to figure it out. Well, I think they first need to work in a social media presence, right? And because people need to understand that your social media presence is like your first impression. It, it, it let's people know if they want to see what you're about. If they raise questions, if you make them curious, like, okay, he said he did it. Let me see. And it's like if you got a bunch of unintentional blurry pictures on your page, no professional pictures or your video still look like just for four years ago. Like, content is so elevated right now. So elevated, I'm not saying you better have the most craziest edited video, but it has to at least be good quality. Yeah. Like, what makes a good quality video? A good quality is literally 4K camera, a good light in or the iPhone, which some good light in. Good angles, not shaky, like you have to really make it look good. So your social media presence, the quality of your content, and then being intentional, people think it's just all picking up a phone because you have to market your business. Right, you have to market your business, but it's not just picking up your phone recording a random video like no one's going to care. Literally no one's going to care. Uh, so you have to be intentional with the concept that you put out, where everything you do, and then build on the foundation correctly. Some people don't even know they're a why. They don't even know they're a purpose. They only purpose is to make some money. And if you only purpose is to make some money, no, that's not going to go far. And then understand that, um, marketing is everything. It's not about the best product. It's about the best promoter. That's a first. So you be man, because somebody's stuff not better than yours, and they make one money than you, don't know about it than you. It's because I don't know what it is because the way they promote themselves, you can't be mad. You, and type you, snobbing here and title, thinking that everybody posts and all you, you'll stuff is this good. And you don't market it correctly or from one to correctly. So marketing is everything in business. That's how you learn it. I learned it like, okay, really tied into, I used to dance in Chicago, I used to do hip hop, like the Bovilka for eight every year for a year. Yeah, I did Bovilka for eight five times. So on a dance team. Yeah, when she said dance, she said, yeah, my enemy, sorry, my enemy, something like, no, real dance. So when I was on a dance team, I mean, it was like competition. So we had to be better than the other teams, whether it was what we were wearing, whether how we present ourselves, the dance we were doing. So I always had that competitive energy to do everything better than anybody else in my industry or anybody else around me. So it's just like I already had the competitive energy. So the way that I put my content out there, I always think of the best of the best and something that everybody else is not doing. How can this be unique? Like what's going to make somebody choose me over the next person? And then my dance coach, he passed away rest of his to him. He put me on a hip-hop, he put the whole team and a party, he turned us into a party remoders. He made a party from a group out of a few people on a dance team. So, you know, we're young. So we just do whatever. We just do whatever. So we would have to promote the parties at the same times every single day. Like every day at FabaClocky, it'd be like 30 of us, but okay, yeah, flood the timeline at FabaClock, post-aply at six times, go criminal, everybody post you see on Facebook, go post a picture and put the party in your caption. So like we will drown Facebook, we will pack out the party soon. But it was like we had like methods and strategies to flood and promote and market. So it'd be somebody like hum, or making a status and I go coming to be status like, oh, you boy, ain't no way to be booted. We got this party. So I make sure we show off. Is it a little mom? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we were going to remember market and so the same energy I just applied it to my business because it was like already instilled in me. So it was like a little weird way in me learning, but I feel like you should use what you know in other areas and apply it to your business. Do you help any kind of person who's trying to build a business or do you use this, is there a specific type of personal business you look at for? No, this is pretty general. I feel like all business is running off the systems and marketing. So the methods that I do teach is pretty general for to fit in any category for the most part. Okay. How many people have you up so? I have 50 mentees right now. That's what's up, you know, congratulations. Thank you and like every round that I do, I usually have like 30 40 mentees, but this is my higher ticket. My mentorship right now is like the most that I've charged and they're living in. Yeah. And it's been more, it was more people. Really. Yeah, so I feel like it's more value when you really like charge your supposed charge. Yeah, now you get a lot of people scared to charge, you know, we charge anything, right? But, you know, there's both the charge. Is that some you work struggling with? I never struggle with that, but I make sure I teach it. Yeah. I'm like, listen, you need to pay yourself. Yeah. Like time is money. Value your time where people won't value you. Like people, people value stuff more when they pay for it. Yeah, and more you pay them more you pay it. Yeah, if you give them something free, they ain't gonna take care of it. Even if it's something really good, they're not gonna care for it because it was free. That's a fact. People pay days taking most serious. How do you teach people to get over that? Because I get that with something to people I'll work with. But how do you get them to that? I'd be just preaching. You just told me, but I'm gonna press it like listen. Like I'm being with president president. Yeah, you know, like what I always tell me was like, you know, prices is illusion. You know, it's like it's not even real. It's just really what what someone is willing to pay for something. Yeah, and everybody is my broke. That's like, would you, why would you sell $1,000 a product to a thousand dollar client? They came ready to spend $1,000 with your stuff so cheap. Yeah. And I got extra nine hundred dollars today. Or I'm gonna give you like, oh, just say, or it'd be like, you know, it shouldn't for me. You don't pay like, oh, this much like, like, I want the fucking, I want, yeah, I want to show up the better. I don't know, I don't want the regular shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was in like, is like, oh, this, what is this, then you should have kissed position like his McDonald's or something. Exactly. It's right. Okay. And I think of it as fast food. Yeah. It's as quality. Yeah. So like, they even if they do, why the burger won $1, this came be real food. Where? And the way this room is. Where? Yeah. It's too cheap. Like, people get actually skeptical. Like, get what the fuck? Yeah. And that's when I try cheap clients. And they give you cheap behavior. Yeah. There are people who pay the least. Are the most stressful. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. People pay the most is they usually come or stand up by the, because it was it. I'm being presented. The people who, basically, yeah. If people pay more, they're less problematic. And they take more serious and they die with more people who spend their last, some people who spend their last, they, um, people who spend their last, they will literally treat you like they spent their last. Like, when people spend that last, which you, they will give you a problem, because they generally won't pay money back because they ain't on a woman. You know what, the, you know, that's the fact. That's the fact. Every one, but sometimes I can't remember, this is one, though. He, I didn't notice till later. He didn't tell me, but, you know, when he, when he, uh, pay for coaching with me, this is like a long time ago. Five years ago. And he told me that he was, he, it was like his last money. Like he had to fast, but like a few days, the end, like full money. But now, but he worked super, he worked super hard. Right. I'm a little bit who has been a last and then worked hard. Yeah. He, like if you're going to spend your last, you need so, you need to be the haugheriest ever the most. You need to execute, you need, don't even go to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you want to do. You don't even need to be sleeping. You need to be like really maximizing your investment, making your money back and making it make sense. Don't spend your last if you're still not ready to take it serious, because if you spend your last and you're not ready to challenge your discipline and challenge yourself, it don't matter and don't come blame in me. Yeah. That's what you're paying. You know, it's really, that's, that's usually the hardest part, like it's getting people to implement. So sometimes you get some, some people just like really, really want it. And those that are people who are that, that coachable. And if you're shit is good, right, what you're teaching is good, you'll get the most results. But everybody doesn't get results. It depends on it. I'm sure there is some bullshit out here. Yeah. If you shouldn't even deez it, and somebody goes all out, they should get some kind of way saying, um, you, what you're putting in is what you get out. Right. So it's like, you got to do the work. Yeah. If you don't do nothing, you're not going to get nothing. So you can, it all matter. We're having a YouTube videos. You are how much information you can assume. How many mentors should you pay for. Yeah. If you don't do what they're telling you to do, you're not going to get what you want to get. Or, you know, it's also what you said is 100 percent true. But it's also the, the mindset you approach you with. You know, for example, I remember, uh, it was, it was a while ago. And I paid like 25 grand, right, to spend the weekend with the real, real, full washer. Yeah, from the, the real, the, the real, the, and we're going to work on sales. He was going to go over our sales scripts and stuff. And there was nothing to do with there. And, he was, he was feeling, man, I feel like we have at the end, he felt like, we got, we can't hear what we're talking to 25 K worth of value. And to his point, he did, the wall did not give us every, no, the wall didn't give us everything he said. He was on the roof. Right straight up. I mean, I didn't even know a lot. Okay. But however, I approached the shit like, no, I'm going to get 25. Obviously, when he used 25, whatever I needed to do to make sure that this was worth. I'm going to make sure I exactly 25 K out about because it's 25 K in two days, right? That's, and it's asking a lot, right, but it's like, no, I'm going to make sure I get it. So I didn't feel like I ripped off. I thought, I got what I'd be who worked to do and I'm going to do it. So I swear, I got money back. Right, but this, this is the, you was complaining, man. He wasn't really doing it for real. Yeah, I don't really know what his work ethic was like, but I just know we went into, he went into it. Like, man, I want to see if this is worth it. I went over, I'm going to make sure it's worth it. Yeah, you, you, you know, well, who make it worth it? Like, it's going to be valuable. It's, it should be good. But you're, you're the one who's going to make sure it's worth it. Yeah, you know, it's like, I'm going to make sure I, it's not going to be worth it. If all you did was go read the information and like, okay, and then it's also, it's also, it was worth it, right? Like, because some people like, you had AP had it. Some people say they didn't worth it. You can tell it's all the time of the fall. So it's always was like, it's some of it is subjective as well. Yeah, it's how you do it because it's going to be worth it to a person who uses it for networking and conversation starters and meeting me and great people. But for some of who don't know how to use it to market and network, they're going to put like us not worth it. Or, yeah, you know, or if you just like this, right? Like, maybe you can spend money on. You don't see the value right. It's all good. Yeah. That's for something. Well, what, what, what, what, what, what, what some advice you would give just and close and what some advice you would give to like the young, young entrepreneurs trying to really make it, you know, especially if they come from environments like we come from this, you know? I mean, I always say like, you just got to have massive activity, right? You have to have massive activity. Every single day you should be consumed with doing something to be better, whether it's your fitness, whether it's your financial, whether it's your business goals. Like, it's too, we got 24 hours in a day, right? You should be using all of your time for something beneficial. So, therefore, you have to take away things that don't matter. Gossiping, endless scrolling, binge watching TV, wasting time, literally wasting time. Now, you're being writing, you're in a big, all day and somebody else just worked out. They just came with a business plan. They made content and posted it. They made $3,000. Like, do you know what you're gonna do with time? So, I think my advice will be to value your time more and make a plan. So, if you don't have a plan, you can't just win get. Yeah, you got to really time. At times, the Bruce Lee said, if you love life, don't waste time. Exactly. At times, what life is made of? All right. It's something like that of being really the thing like it in, find your purpose, find your purpose, value your time, and have massive activity. That's what's yeah. We're gonna get in touch with you. They can get in touch with me. My Facebook is Arial Prior, ARIEL, PRYLR, Instagram, VRIO Prior, T-H-E, ARIEL, PRYLR, YouTube, same thing, VRIO Prior. We'll make sure we put it on the screen. Yeah, Anticac, VRIO Prior. Make sure it's the right TikTok. It's big TikToks. It's big Facebooks. They make an all-time in there. I'm not texting y'all, saying all that crazy stuff. They sing it and I'm not. You ain't that a Jew asking for the Bitcoin. Yeah, somebody's about that. Thank you for the crypto. That's not me. Extra crypto. Not me, extra Bitcoin. And no, we're not getting married tomorrow. I don't know who your texting, but it wasn't me. I haven't no. That's it. That's a fact. It wasn't her home. That was not me. So, right time about what? So we're not in relationship. I went last, he's on about. He's on my you acting fun. You're here. I'm gonna text you. He texted me back. I don't know who you texted. Why does he? You got catch fish. He's at my you all here. I can brand new. I'm like, I don't know you. He might not know you don't know me. Yeah, that's why I think I was saying could new more about that story. I was like, I got to. Was you, man? I got you my That's the stuff. Well, thank you so much. You all make sure you got to say a pinwear in a holly drug piece.

=== FILE: How This Man Makes Over $1,000,000 Every Month! [z8AEvyk6tYk].txt ===

A lot of you guys are doing Facebook ads, you know, especially since Muffuk is have course on how to be as buyers and Lodium of Fuckus suck. I'm seriously Lodium of Fuckus really suck because I used to do my own eyes to run my own ads for years Every time I try to hire somebody like oh, these motherfuckus suck like I'm better than them Right, you the first person who's like better than me And I trust you you know, I'm saying like but significantly better than me, right? So should be yeah, but it's like it's either you suck or you're fucking dope, right? So you guys gotta get focused on getting so good that you can get a percentage of the revenue and that's how he really started laughing me and income when he Because before that when we first met you was just doing it when I very first met you the way I was doing it was pretty Retarded in my opinion like I didn't like doing it that way at all, but how were you doing it just letting you know? Yeah, so long story short. I had 27 staff when we had met I'm three offices I do a Beverly Hills one of my amy and I'm flying back and forth every fucking day Like dozens and dozens of clients were selling all these different digital marketing skills You know from advertising the building courses to graphic design the video editing the websites to marketing automation like copywriting like all kinds of crazy Shift we were just taking like piece mail projects Well, not all of it was transactional to be fair. I'm a majority of it was recurring But none of it had any kind of percentage of the upside yeah, and to be fair I mean I started when I was retired in myself like I was like 21 20 years old I was cutting all this my brain's not even fully developed to that point in my life You know, so more of the story is I don't really know better simply put I didn't know to Try to make more money by getting percentages of revenue. Mm-hmm I was charging flat fees and thinking that that was the best way to make a lot of money This was the biggest thing I started just starting to ask myself Okay, I want to make a million dollars a month and I didn't even necessarily have like a reason to it Be honest, I didn't have like a purpose for it or like what I was gonna do with it I just kind of started thinking bigger I started challenging myself like I want to hit a million month What the fuck do I need to do and what I looked at my model the way that it was it just I mean it just didn't make any sense like if I kept Scaling I was doing really two 300 just came up months Someone's I hit four at that time, but like dude's hellscape, you know like it felt like shit It was a high stress life. I just I don't know. It was just awful I wasn't on an upside in like quality of life that I was getting as I made more money Yeah, I was actually losing quality of life and getting more stressed as I made more money A lot of times people when he skidded businesses they they fuck around and bill businesses is they they hey yeah No, I fucking stuff so I get to the point do we're unlike having to like sit down like vacuuming hell food because like I've like infinite shit to do Yeah, I woke up every day and like my fucking to do list like not not like little petty to do this shit like Pretty significant shit. I needed to do that just like compound by the day I don't know just feel like really overwhelming I didn't really hit me to be honest until I started thinking to the million a month Yeah, I started thinking with that for some reason and put everything in a perspective was like man. He's just doing this wrong You know you got you really got a reset here. There was not a comfortable or like obvious way to reset it I kind of sat there and like would do the math on maybe like a month or two just thinking of this how how would I do it if I could do it You know what if I had to do it over again? What would I what would I transition to here? And I started thinking this kind of ridiculous thought okay I started thinking what if I could get 10 people to pay me a hundred thousand dollars a month? Yeah, there we go as ridiculous as that my sound you know I thought it would honestly is very realistic Okay, so Rukic yeah, what was important it was a good lesson for y'all is first he asked yourself a better question He had a vision he knew what he wanted he said okay $1 a month then he started looking for ways to do that with some of y'all You know I'm saying you you might not even set your ambitions that high and then you won't start asking how you can do it You're just say you're I can't do that. Oh nobody can do that nobody's gonna pay that much right But he said he's saying nobody's gonna pay me a fucking a hundred grand a month He said how can I get people to pay me a hundred grand a month right? That's a no I don't know my name That's really I'm very convicted on the idea that this was possible Yeah, and keep in mind edition everything you said I was in it. I was in a growing amount of pain Okay, like I was I was essentially fed up with my circumstances and knew I needed change Yeah, okay, and remember I I personally think you can get to these bigger numbers from two perspectives number one Literally just starting to think with it like could I had a million dollars a month and Yeah, starting to do the math and like consider in the models to accomplish it the other way I think you could accomplish it as reasons Okay, and like for me this was kind of a combination So like my my reasons were not like I want to go buy a bunch of bullshit or like you know I'm gonna do this or invest as much a genuine that I just wanted to get out of the pain of How I was doing things and I knew as well just from like the people I was around the environment I was in like I knew I need a more money But I necessarily know what I would do with the money yet So regardless of whether you think you know you're gonna do the fuckload of money It's very important understand like you need a fuckload of money. Yeah, I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew that I was sure You were all we were gonna talk about that later like why they need more money. Yeah. Yeah, so so I come into the office one day And if you ever see have you ever seen me the big short yeah You remember the part where the guy with like the crazy eyes Michael Barry he wrote that Email to his investors Yeah, and he just fired it off and like kick back and put music on and was chillin and he essentially said like I'm making this bet like you guys can fuck up. I kind of did the opposite I hit everybody up like all these clients and I I refunded him and I was like hey like you're fired And here's all the stuff that we've done for you like we're just not doing it this way anymore And I 27 staff I go fire 23 of them. I hit up my landlords for the offices and I was like, I'm getting rid of all my offices What year was this end of 2017 how much money how much money were you making at the time? I'm like two 300 cam month like big months being like four that was that was the what the business I mean that would not take home. Yeah, correct. I was split living. You know I had a part of it on both coast It was anything crazy. You know they're just like one bedroom apartments What driving any cars at the time like I wasn't like spending money on anything ridiculous I was a cumulative cash But I mean at the same time like I was burning a lot of cash. Yeah, so long story short I get to the point where I just fired everybody. I just fired fire majority of clients did it kind of felt like amazing That's how I see I knew I was like this is the right choice for sure They felt liberating I felt really good and same thing with the staff I deeply appreciate and understand the responsibility that we have as leaders and we're a financial responsible Or the people that we hire and at the end of the day like I didn't completely fuck everybody You know like I made sure that people had like small severances You know I give him notice and things like this and like I kept them away The right way Yeah, I didn't just like up in fucks Like you get the fuck out of you no more money. Yeah For sure it was like a emotionally fucked situation for me Like maybe I'm emotionally rash decision or anything But anyway to be clear this felt like so liberating You know it started this like transition for me to be clear which was okay I've already made businesses a lot of money like I've already had clients that we made a couple million dollars a month for like a million dollars a month Like so you know you were good at what you just wanted to say he's he got good at what he did Remember that like you this Not this is gonna work if you suck it what you do there was nobody like me like on something like this Literally just saying I got a fucking hundred-k a month You know, I'll show you things you have for right now Like I had one of my students the other day some of my inner circle and his name's also Jeremy so this this this one of my students Jeremy from from me sitting here talking about this all the time look at this He made $132,000 in a month from one client one client okay now although yes just to be clear from like a disclaimer perspective Highly irregular but to be fair when I was got a lot possible Okay, yeah possible that kind of guy like sitting there doing that kind of level of result just to help you understand like it comes from This like belief and somebody else already showing that it's possible I didn't have any of that there was not a single fucking person I'm a marketing agency getting paid a hundred thousand dollars a month off of client like there was none of that shit I had one of the guy who was doing it it was it was my it was my mentor kept Kevin Hodo It was one point I thought he was the best Marker in the world like games were in Jim launches ads, you know, tag more a bunch of fucking big name dog and He died a COVID right so now like highlander to come on be one Look more of the story, okay, you don't know what you don't know and and I didn't fucking know shit about people out there Getting paid like substantial sums of money is the moral of the story But I did know I was getting big results for the people that we were working with you like really putting some intentional effort behind Okay, I thought with two things it felt fair and it felt like from an incentive perspective I could get more out of myself as an incentive what I mean is like really think about this, okay? Let's say you pay somebody just a flat fee to run something as important as you're advertising for your business What are they incentivized to do they're incentivized really just to make back the money that you've spent on advertising and their V so you can comfortably justify paying on money again That's right. They just got to make enough for you. So you can't pay you it's like it's like a look I made you enough for you to pay me again this upcoming month This is the only other incentive there is well if I do really well in your account It could get me other accounts. Yeah, and that and itself from a business's perspective is also a terrible incentive to align for your advertiser We're like you're only gonna get you a big result so they can get a bigger deal that they get more fucking money on Okay, once again two things fairness and incentive I thought to myself I was like this feels really fair that I should get more money In comparison to what I'm getting now is a flat fee and then two I thought from an incentive perspective Man dude if I had a fucking percentage of upside on these people's businesses I think I give way more of a fuck than I do now I felt like I'd be fucking unleashing a whole other monster. I felt like I'd really reach like a new level of A potential from doing it this way. Yes, and that's when I fully committed was when I sold myself on essentially the ethics of the new model It was actually the best deal for the client. I don't think this is false conviction to be clear I like things is okay. I just looked Every deal we do and I looked at it and I said every deal Where I've really made a lot of money has just come from an incentive of like Okay, I can go flex that deal and get more result if I had an Intensive where you're gonna pay me a lot of money based on the amount of money I make you I'm probable to make you me even more money. Yeah, it's then I have like a direct financial incentive from doing this You just know what firm fee wouldn't you? No, I do I do I do try to help him. Okay. Okay. I do so be clear Here's what I learned and this is very important to understand. Okay. You got to be honest with yourself I did try to be fair doing a deal or two where I just only tried to revs here. Okay, okay? The issue is is like it takes a little bit for them to actually be able to get to the point and by a little bit I mean like it might be like 60 days or 90 days. Yeah, but keep in mind you at this specific time in this transition I'm like fucking 23 24 years old like I need money. Here's here's the difference watch this I would have a few clients pay me on the fee and a revshare a few clients pay me just to fee And then like let's use the example I experiment with just this revshare relations. Yeah, who am I gonna pay attention to there? The one who gave you some money already right? Yeah, it'd be clear It's like I can't fairly prioritize the person even if it's a great deal I had this guy he often me 40% gross. Okay. How great is that sound? You see his reaction right there? Okay? Like he's but between all right, what 40% gross? I thought to myself the same thing you did I was like oh my god. I was like this is gonna be the greatest fucking deal ever like I'm gonna I'm a very bond on steroids This fucking deal too. Yeah, I'm gonna say this shit and unfortunately I didn't even fucking log into the account Why do you think that was does you had people giving you money? And so I'm gonna send them okay, so it's like okay now that's an example of being honest with your sin So when I saw that in my behavior I didn't really question it. I didn't think like Oh, what am I retired over here like why am I not logging into a 40% gross? Yeah, it's like well, no I mean I had a bunch of other people that were already paying me and to be clear It's like I just pressure with that money you already have I don't know pressure under him 100% I told new classes all the time when they say that same thing like oh, why don't you just do a revsher only and I tell them I'm like this is an example like look at what I did I already know I'm gonna be probable to do that again with you. Yeah, so I have to have you pay a certain amount of print So I can ensure that I can prioritize the relationship right off the bat because like at the end of the day Yeah, I do want to get paid a fat amount off revsher and when you are paying me off revsher I'm happy to stop Tardin feet and just you revsher to be clear God, it's like Literally just from a prioritization perspective. I've just been honest with myself about that doesn't work Otherwise, yeah, that makes a lot of sense difficult to go to move just a pleasure right? You need to hang right? Yeah, so like this when someone gives you money this pressure behind that to perform But there's no pressure with it's just all upside. I think this is another incentive Okay, when a client does pay a certain amount of print they have an incentive as well to like do the shit that they need to do Yeah, they got to pay you in a 30 days or they got to fire you and give up So it becomes a waste of time on their end and in addition to that it becomes like a loss the money brings pressure on both sides Yeah, 100% so it's like I need you to film ads. Yeah, I need you to like give me logins and shit It's like well you got you got no pressure to do it if you don't pay me anything Yeah, and your ads spend doesn't start until you give me all this shit So like well you got a bunch of other stuff you're doing to make money anyway Why would you all of a sudden pay attention to this? Yeah, you're gonna pay attention to it because you paid money do it. Yeah, make sense You see I'll give you another example. I had a guy. You know him as well. Gabe. Okay Yeah, he grew down. Oh, yeah, he grew down. Oh, he helped grow down. Like she did channel over four million subscribers Okay, he's one of my inner circle students. He was willing to help me at no cost Mm-hmm grow my YouTube channel and like help me with like videos and like stuff like that Dude when game is helping me out and do anything God, hey you see versus now I pay a YouTube guy. I'm three-camera month Yeah, I've been consistently making two videos a week every fucking week because I have a reason to because I'm paying the guy You guys should say I'll Jeremy's YouTube. He's he's not here to sell y'all anything today Man, he's just we just talking but check out his YouTube man and it's not going to be for most of y'all cuz he only talks about getting to a million in a month I've been watching him in you can you I deal demograph yeah More of the story is I just got really honest with incentives and like the power of him and I just looked at What was driving my behavior? No, and I looked at what was driving the client behavior and I'm really I'm really like up front about this dynamic on sales calls with Potential clients I straight up tell him I'm like we do it this way because of this we do it this way because of this This is why we have charges you know and like we just go over it all We just use words like fair and at the end of the day like that's what it is dude. Yeah, it's a fair fucking deal for everybody Like nobody's going into it with like one side has the advantage over the other like this not how I look at it all You know, you're you're getting a marketing partner out of the relationship that like actually gives a fuck for like Probably the first time in your business. Yeah about the amount of money you're actually gonna end up and by the way I'll get paid off gross. I get paid off the net amount that's trackable back to our action Yeah, so not only do I give a fuck about the amount of money they make I give a fuck about the amount that they net Yeah proper incentive okay going to 2018 Mm-hmm. Okay. I do these things called video pitches. I do a perfect called video pitches So I pitch a guy, okay. He asked me right away He goes how much are all your other clients paying you like what's the most anybody else's paying you and I was like Anywhere for like five ten-kim month, you know, and this is one of my first big ref share deals and and he goes okay I'm gonna pay 25 kim month and I'm gonna be your top priority and like right away I was like dude, that's fucking sick. I think you know I did that with Amber really yeah Yeah, I went I Was and I said listen I want to give you more incentive because I want to see them just ask for it Like what's everybody else paying you like I want to pay a little yeah, so right away Exactly what he says is true like he becomes my top priority, okay? Mm-hmm and I get a rev share with this guy and to be clear Like I taken from a couple hundred grand a month to over two million a month and eight months I know that I was ripping like 200 jesus month off this deal at a school Yeah, it's like the validation, you know, and then to be clear like this dynamic becomes really awesome Like you talk about pressure and imagine having one deal that page you that much. Yeah, you fucking you all years in one batch You protect so it's a basket. Well, no, no, no, it drives you get more so you head more deal Again, that one fucking deal page you're like money. It wrong because like God forbid you lose that deal. Yeah, I like what happens then Okay, you're fuck you get rubbed that rug yourself You know you remember why I just showed you about Jeremy yeah, and and his fucking hundred and thirty six Kama, so that's sick right, but like what do you think he feels right now? He pressure He's like I got to go get some more fucking deals Yeah, I guess I got to hedge without exaggeration. Probably probably a best fucking game I've ever committed to and like my make money part of my life Okay, like I immediately after getting paid that amount of money and so fucking financing motivated to make so much more money Yeah, because I had to based on this perspective of like hedging the risk of only getting paid off that one Deal. It's easy to be fair after you start getting some case studies like that to be able to get other deals and other Relationships and like you know like I said I mean we did we all kinds of fucking deals like that You know some people say like getting your first million is is harder than getting to ten million I personally think it's easier to get one hundred Kama client I think it's like a challenge to get ten. I think you're right. I do think it's hard and I Then it is to get the one because one minute you could just do it by yourself. You just hustle to one That's the thing but it's a You need it's fucking teams do one one deal at a hundred K. It's like well you got all the time in the fucking world You know like you can put it all towards that one deal and that's that believe it or not Is it one of the most common things that I see amongst like my high-slow of fucking students It actually pulled his shit off to don't get like one and then they'll immediately like feel the Oh shit. I got to get more you know you really got to look at it Well how much time did it take you get that one in the first place? How many deals did you have to go through to like figure out what that one deals characteristics look like in other deals? You could vet for in the future. Are there anybody else in that niche that you could work with to like make a more probable to get other deals Is your current client paying you that much gonna be fucking living if you go out and work with other people in their niche and my Pettitors for them so like technically you got to take that same skill set and apply to a different niche You know Yeah, yeah, yeah, you go and you go and I'm sent. Yeah, so I do all kinds of like Highly sophisticated fucking problems that start to come up You

=== FILE: How To Accomplish Your Goals Faster [WghmbynU7gg].txt ===

I'm not in the team! This is not why you are here! I'm not in the team! So it's about to be New Year's! Alright, it's coming up! This is going to happen! A bunch of you who are going to sit, fitness goals, life goals, career goals, monetary goals, shit in nature, you and everybody's going to be really excited, you know, in January. And by February, everybody's going to forget about that shit. And by February, the majority of you will have given up on your goals already. You have already fucking threw in the towel in one month. I'm going to tell you what it happened, man. Because most of the time people say they'll go, any goal, fitness, life, financial, career, relationship. They get really excited and they try to go for the fucking home run the first time they're on bat. First time they're stepping into the play, they started hitting a fucking home run. They try to throw a Hail Mary on the first play in the fucking game. And then they disappointed when they don't get instant results. They don't see instant results. They don't see much tangible progress initially and they get frustrated and they give up. You two troke us on trying to fucking hit a home run on the first swing. There's a work like that. You got to learn how to get the first base fumes. You know, I'm talking about, you can't throw Hail Mary to first play the game. You might want to just get a few yards and a few more yards and get it first down. Whatever the goal is, you want to take the goal and break it down into small steps. And it work on the small step. That's how the world works. That's how all goals you need to see the nature. Let's say you're a farmer. And you plan to see, you get excited. You want to get all these crops. You're trying to grow something to the state to make those or some shit like that. And you plan all these seeds. And you get all excited. And I plan it all these seeds. I'm about to get the hell of tomatoes. I'm gonna watch. And then the next morning, come out. What the fuck were my tomatoes? I plan in hell of seeds last night. Where the fuck am I to make those? It doesn't work like that. It does. It does. It works like that. Things take time. Things take time. Which you want to do is you want to break that shit down into steps and then work on each step. You know, first you want to pick up the soil. That's one step one. You want to make the seeds and nurture the seeds. Then even then they're going to grow small. You know, it's going to take a while for it to happen. It's not going to happen overnight, man. You're going to take your goal and break that shit down into small steps. All right. And you've got to work on a little bit on your goal every day, man. You've got to work on it every day. You've got a slowly chip away at it. It's like a stone, a stone cutter, right? You're trying to fucking these at this big stone. You're trying to break the shit in half, right? And it just takes the fucking hammer. And he's hitting the nail and he's hitting it. Hit the fucking stone over and over again. It looks like he's accomplished nothing. It looks like he's accomplished nothing. And maybe after like a few thousand hits, man. I might take days to stone. Puts splits. And if you just came on the day to split, you might even be like, whoa, that's awesome. You know, you just did that shit overnight. But it didn't happen like that. It took a thousand. It took a thousand hits. It didn't take that step. What he displayed it. It took a thousand small hits. You could chip away at it. Everything. That's how this wall you go. That is what you're just finishing it. You're not going to gain 10 pounds in one month. Whoever told you that's a motherfucking lie. All right. You can see last year, man. Looking my progress. Again, like blessing a pound a month. All right. But I wasn't getting frustrated these month. I knew that was just the goal. You know, you want to keep getting every inch. You want to fight for every inch, man. Life is the game of inches. You've got to fight for every inch. You only want to get a little bit better each day. That's the thing. Everybody think what's there to have an overnight? That's the problem. That's why the majority of you who set goals for the new year are going to give up about that everywhere. Because you're specifying the shit to happen. It's the least. You're specifying big results to happen. It's the least. It's not working like that. You're going to be a collection of small goals. Small, boring goals. It's going to look like you're almost doing nothing each day. You're only going to get a little bit better each day. That's the thing. You're going to play an instrument. From practice to practice, it doesn't really seem like you're getting way better. But from month to month, you can see an improvement. And certainly from year to year, you can see an improvement. Then you have kids in your family. Maybe you don't see them every year. Maybe you don't see them in the holidays. Every year, they're fucking bigger. They might not have noticed that they got bigger. Because they only happen a little bit each day. It's like, kid doesn't go to sleep. And you wake up, big as hell. And I have a little bit, the amount that he grows each day is fucking negligible. But from the course of that whole year, it becomes a lot. As he has tangible results. That's how it's going to be with every goal in your life, every goal in your life. And you want to make mistakes in one of the way. You're going to fuck up, especially with your fitness goals. You're going to have bad workouts. You're going to miss meals. It's going to happen. You're going to eat the wrong shit sometimes. So you're going to eat enough shit. You're not going to get enough sleep some nights. And you just have to keep coming. You've got to pick yourself up and try hard. You understand? You're going to say, you know, I fucked up. And you've got to just keep doing it over and over again. Keep going. Keep trying to get successes. And keep stacking those successes on top of each other. That's how you succeed. You're going to try to make big improvements every day. That is a fucking fools way of thinking. It will not work like that. I promise you will not work like that. You will not make big progress in one day. So all about making this a little bit of progress every each day. You want to go to sleep a little bit better. And if you do that every night, if you keep stacking success, success is going to talk to each other, we can of course, if you're year you'll make big progress. But from week to week, maybe from month to month, it might be kind of negligible. Let's go back to that form, for example. Let's say there's a group of farmers in one guy comes in the three group of farmers. He's like, yo, bro, you won't believe this shit, man. I ain't getting no tomatoes to see this season. And it'll be like, what happened, man? Did you tend to your fucking garden? You know what I mean? Did you work the land all year? No, I mean, I didn't do that shit. I mean, I do them seeds down and I expected. You know, like, what are the old forms of, like, well, of course you want to go to tomatoes, damas? You didn't tend to your seeds, but you didn't do the one required to get tomatoes. You should, you know, since we're going to have it instantly, maybe you're not going to throw some fucking tomatoes in the ground and they're going to sprout tomatoes. That's not the word of like that. It's going to look like you're going to throw them in the ground and it's going to take a while for them to even fucking sprout. Then you're going to have to keep taking care of them. They're going to have to grow. And then even when they grow, they're going to have to go and grow the tomato that actually grow the tomatoes. And it'll start small and they're going to grow big. Then they're going to get ripe enough to pick. I'm not a farmer, but that's kind of how it works. You know, it takes time. It takes time. You've got to put in the work. It doesn't matter how many times you have sex with a woman. It still takes nine months to have a baby. Right? You can't just go, fuck. Yeah, you're doing one night. And then you're like, you're wearing a fuck's the baby. Now I'm in a takes time. It takes time. It's like they'll let everything go. Now I'm going to tell you a way to speed things up in life, go, when all your goals do all they can be done each day. While this water, the officer, the author of Science and Get It Rit, she says, to all they can be done each day. That's the most important shit in the world. Do all they can be done each day. You're only going to get a little bit better each day. So you're going to squeeze as much light out of each day as you can. You're going to beat the fucking baby into submission. You've got to wake up and talk and take charge. Grab the baby, just cut them, throw them until it oozed balls. You're going to do that. They end and they out. Putting that work, that's how you'll make progress faster. That's the only way to speed shit up. That's the only way to speed shit up. Like right now, man, right now is fucking Saturday night. It's Saturday night. It's fucking... I led in a clock on Saturday. I just got to don't work it out and now I'm fucking filming videos. Been YouTube because that's consistent with my goals. My friends are out to club where I'm drinking or doing a bunch of other shit party. But I'm doing all I can do each day. I don't own a fucking video game system. I'm not, I don't think video games are a whack or nothing. But then I can system with my goals. So I can't fuck with them. You know, I work on my goals, my business goals, my monetary goals, my fitness goals. That's what I've tried to work on. I'm trying to do it basically all fucking day, bro. Film videos right now because that's consistent with my... That's consistent with my goals. I'm working out tonight because I'm system with my goals. But there are some more of these motherfucking books that have to system with my goals. Do all you can do each day and you will move faster than almost everyone else. You will move faster than people who are more talented than you, people who are smarter than you. Like, look man, I got my... I got a pretty successful YouTube channel. You know, I have 10 million. I have 20 million views. I appreciate you guys a lot. As you guys, I'm approaching 20 million, I'm approaching 200,000 subscribers, right? But that's come forever. Man, I put up a video almost every day. And every day I don't put up a video, I fucking pissed because I know I didn't... I know I'm not so... I didn't squeeze the light out of that day. I didn't do all they can be done each day. You've got to beat each fucking day into submission. You've got to tell it who the fuck is boss. If you do it every day then that's the only way to speed you up. That's the only way to get you to accomplish more faster. Because you accomplish more in the day, then you accomplish more in the week, then you accomplish more in the month, then you'll accomplish more in the year. This is what you do. Here's the plan. This is what how you accomplish your goal. Set, edit goal. And you go yourself yourself. This how you get it. Write the goal down. Write down all the steps that are required for you accomplish that goal. Everything. And then put those steps in order. They did knock the month, fuck yourself. Like attack each one. Attack with face. Like jump on them. Attack everything. Let me distract you. You know, if it's important you maybe you fucking put you up maybe you... If you've got a big goal for next year, if you've got a big fucking crazy goal next year, you rip your month, fucking video games system after all. We're just shit up to what you want time for that. You know, you're not going out as much. All right, let me know if you're going to be inside working. You're going to be working on your future. So make that list of everything you have to do. Write it down. Put it in order and then start attacking everything. Everything, man. Try to knock that shit out. Attack everything on that list. Then you can tell you should bed. That's the only way the cops should go sped. Hope that helps.

=== FILE: How To Actually Be Disciplined (Consistently) [ndxadtXgfIY].txt ===

I used to struggle with discipline when I was younger. I had all these goals and dreams and aspirations, and I knew there were things I was supposed to be doing on a daily basis in order to accomplish those goals, but I wasn't getting them done. And every day they went by that I was not doing what I was supposed to do, I was start to dislike myself more, and I would have less confidence in myself. But that all changed once my father committed suicide. That put me in a position where I had to take care of the whole family, and I had no choice but to figure out how to finally conquer discipline. So I can accomplish my goals. In this video, I will show you how you can finally become more disciplined. So you can accomplish your goals too. Because once I became more disciplined, I was able to get into amazing shape, build a huge social media empire, make tens of millions of dollars, and most of all take care of my family. And I owe it all to the discipline I was able to cultivate. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can do the same without having to have a dead suicidal daddy to do it. This is not going to be the typical, or I or I or I you just need to be more disciplined. I'm actually going to show you how to become more disciplined. And the last tip I'm going to give you is the best one. So make sure you watch this video all the way to the end. If you can't watch a goddamn YouTube video to the end, if you don't have enough discipline for that, you're screwed. If all you had to do to be more disciplined, was listening to some, guy yell at you on YouTube, then we don't all be f***ing disciplined. All you have to do is watch one, even Goggins video, and you'd be f***ing rambles. As you might have noticed, shit don't work like that, play it. There's a few things you need to know about the biology of discipline. See, I'm what you think of discipline as a battery. Every day you start off with a certain amount of discipline. Think of it as like your discipline reserved in your battery. Later in this video, I'm going to show you how you can expand the amount of discipline you have you take. Right now, just think about it as a discipline reserved in your battery. As you use your willpower, it starts to drain. Until the end of the day, you don't have no discipline left. You shove in Cheetos in your mouth, eat ice cream with a fork, playing Call of Warfare, and goon into only fans. Some of y'all doing it all at once. Some will taste it. You might be doing it now. You might have a WF on one screen. You have a choice taking the other hand, which Cheetos does on your motherf***ing face. That's what happens when you get disciplined, battery is drained throughout the day. I'm not just making this shit up asshole. This actually signs behind it. Is a study that was performed by a bunch of nerds. And these nerds had the participants engage in activity where they had to use discipline. In fact, they had to engage in several activities where they had to use discipline. Then they tested their impossibility and their ability to restrain themselves from certain activities after they make them use their discipline on other shit. Here's the study if you want to see if you want to read the whole thing you fucking nerd. But basically, when they had this group used their discipline earlier, it was more difficult for them to use their discipline later on in a day. Here's another study that actually shows that there are other things that can deplete your discipline. Actually, making decisions has been proven by motherf***ing science to deplete your discipline. Here's another study where the nerds found out that the participants in the studies had less physical stamina, reduced persistence, and more procrastination after they had to make a bunch of motherf***ing decisions. Here's the study, making choices and peer subsequent self-control. So that's one of the first things we need to do to become more disciplined is actually to conserve the discipline. Don't waste it on the bullshit. And it but instead use this resource, this precious resource on the shit that's gonna get us further in life. So how do you do that? So step one is gonna be discipline conservation. We want to make it easy for us to make the right choice, so we don't have to use the discipline. For example, one of my favorite things to eat is ice cream. It's really delicious. I love ice cream. However, I haven't had any ice cream in years. You probably know because I look like this as opposed to how you look gross. You may think I'm using a ton of discipline to restrain myself from consuming, tub, device cream every day, but it's not like that. One thing I did was, there's just no ice cream in my house. Now I can still go get it. I can walk to the store. I can go on Uber Eats and have an immigrant bring it to me. However, that introduced more friction. It would take more effort to go get the ice cream now, especially way more effort than if it was just in my house. So I don't necessarily need discipline to avoid the ice cream. I would need discipline to go get it now because it's more difficult. So you need to set up your life in your environment so that anything you want to would abstain from, there's more discipline in front of you and participate in that activity. And anything you want to do more of need to have less friction. And big companies notice, and that's just not me making it up. I want you to listen to another ball man saying, Do you want to do more of something make the friction less? If you want to do less of something make the friction more. If there's a particular snack food that you like a lot and it's making you fat, put it on the top shelf where it's harder to get to. And you'll eat less of it. So you don't leave it on your kitchen counter. Two rich ball guys, then told you you should, when you go to start listening, you got to introduce friction. For example, if you go on Amazon, they say you want to get some condoms. You see, immediately they're trying to get you to subscribe to this shit because that's what Amazon was you to do. If you just want to buy it just once, there's a little bit more friction. I don't know if you guys ever subscribed to anything on Amazon. You ever see how difficult it is to find the unsubscribe button. You got to go through so many different hoops. But they make it super easy for me to just subscribe. But to unsubscribe is a goddamn nightmare. Now I'm going to get out of this menu because I want you to condoms. I'm old school baby. I pull out. I'm going to pull out and paint her stomach. I'm like a castle. Matter of fact, I'm going to do some art later on today. That's my passion. So how do you apply this to your own life? Here's the other way that I use friction. So I don't have to use discipline. For example, a lot of us use our phones as alarm clocks. When you pick up your phone to turn off the alarm, you're hitting snooves. And you might hit that shit 30, 40 times before you get out of bed. That was a problem I used to have as well. However, I keep my phone on the other side of the room. So I have to get out of bed to get to the phone. Now instead of using discipline, I actually had to get out the fucking bed. I had to walk across the fucking bedroom. That means I sound like a big deal to you guys, but I have a huge bedroom. Like my bedroom might be bigger than your fucking whole crib. But back when I was poor like you, sometimes I would put the alarm in the other room. So it had to wake me up. It forced me to get out of bed. And then if I want to work out in the morning, boom, I have my workout clothes, my sneakers. And sometimes my pre workout right there. So I reduced the friction in order to go to the gym. When I got the girlfriend I've been with for the last few years, I wanted to make sure I didn't cheat on her, fuck some other bitches. Because some people think, hey man, you must have a lot of discipline. You're rich in an engraved shape in Miami with all these BBL latinas. How do you not fuck the bitches? And I'm like, oh man, I increased the friction. First thing I did when I got with her is I shared my location with her. This is on purpose. Because I didn't want to have to use discipline, not the fuck the bitches. Especially because she wasn't even living here when we first started a game. So now she can see wherever I'm at. And sure, I could probably figure it out. Some way to hack the system and fuck some bitches in with, but that's more friction. So because it's more friction, I was already less likely to fuck the bitches. So that's step number one. Add friction for the things you want to abstain from. And decrease the friction for the things you want to do more of. The next thing you need to do to be more disciplined is actually manage your dopamine levels. See, when you see somebody who seems like they're just really getting after life, they're going for it. They're doing a bunch of shit every day and going out in the cops and ghost. Rest assured, that person has a ton of dopamine. You need dopamine to pursue your goals. My favorite white science man Andrew Ruberman has a whole episode about that shit. You should definitely check it out. Or I have videos on dopamine too. They're both good. Watch this video if you want the white version. Watch my videos if you want the cool version. As long as you get information, the problem is dopamine is a double-aged sword. Dopamine also make you pursue fucking crazy shit. People waste their dopamine on bullshit. They don't have any dopamine left to go after the things they really want. The white dopamine works is you have an amount of it every day. Almost like the same battery analogy we did for discipline. But talking about the neurochemical dopamine. And this is like really the waste it is in your brain. When you waste your dopamine on things like pornography, nightlife, video games, social media, excessive TV, drugs. These things actually delete that amount of dopamine you have. Now your dopamine will return to baseline. But the problem is some people engage in these things so much that they never get their dopamine back to baseline. And they can never really go after this stuff that's important. It's going to help them accomplish things in life. You'll have more available dopamine if you cut out porn. If you cut out nightlife. If you cut out video games. Cut out social media. Or at least limit these things. And definitely you want to drugs now call. I haven't done any recreational drugs or had any alcohol over 10 years. And this is one of the main reasons why because it depleted dopamine. If you are addicted to these things which you want to do is go back to step one. Increase the friction. If you're addicted to video games. Take the console out of your crib. If you're addicted to social media. You know what I used to do is I had two phones. And one I would use to post content. And the other phone I would use the contact my mom, girlfriend, baby mama, family and friends. And I would keep the phone with social media away from me. That's one thing you can do or you can put like blockers on it. Whatever you got to do to increase the friction because you got to conserve this precious Research dopamine. And when you have more dopamine it will be easier for you to be disciplined when you need it. There are a few other things you can do to naturally increase your dopamine without the pleaton. Cold showers. Ice baths. Ice baths. Crowd therapy. Are great for increasing dopamine momentarily. The study showed a cold therapy can increase dopamine momentarily by up to 200% Without the pleaton. Working out. Increases dopamine without the pleaton. Cat theme can actually increase dopamine without the pleaton. I take over 1000 milligrams of caffeine a day. That's not advice. I've been abusing caffeine since I was a teenager. Now 42 I've worked my way up to 1000 milligrams a day. You make your own decisions about that. That's not medical advice. Another supplement is a amino acid called LTRICY. There's been proven to momentarily increase dopamine without negatively depleting it after. So far we've used friction to make it easier to do what we're supposed to do. We're managing dopamine. The next thing is going to make you more disciplined is the people you surround yourself. We become like the people we're around involuntarily. Whether we want to win that. We pick up their habits. We pick up their dialect. Even accents. This is why people from different regions have similar dialect in accents. It wasn't in your DNA. They involuntarily picked up on it just from the people they're around. But that's not it. You also pick up people's habits. This is a study done by Harvard Medical School and University of California, San Diego. They found that if one person becomes obese, the chance is significantly increase that their friends, siblings and spouse also start the gang wait. So basically they say no BC is contagious. Why is it contagious? Because we pick up on people's habits. Here's another study showing that if one of your friends becomes obese, you yourself are 45% more likely to gain weight. This is another study new England Journal of Medicine. The spread of obesity and large social networks over 23 years. Go check this out. This is a fascinating study actually. What does that tell you? Is that we pick up on other people's habits. So here's the thing. If you start to get around people who are more disciplined in certain areas, you will naturally pick up on that. When my friends start spinning more time around me, they start losing weight. I don't get fatter. They start losing weight because they start picking up on my habit. My homie money bird. We've been friends for 10 years, but he's lost a ton of weight in the game and became way more muscular over the time we've worked together. I should be some of that to me. Hey, he'll tell you to sing. The homie Jeremy lost 30 pounds over the last few months. Who do you think he got that shit from? My girl is in better shape now than when we started fucking. Because you're around your naisy and Jesus, you won't get healed. I got that kind of power. So you really need to cultivate your circle. If somebody's around me would have it's that I don't want to adopt. Involentarily in my life, I won't fuck with them. Like I'll keep my distance. No, someone's out here cheating on his girl, doing foul shit. I'm gonna stay away from that because I don't want that negativity to infiltrate my life. But if my friends who have habits that I do want to emulate, like making a bunch of money, I won't hang around anymore because I want to pick up on those habits. I have one family member. I'm not gonna shit on publicly. I'm not gonna say his name. But he's a fucking piece of shit. He totally lacks discipline. He lacks integrity. And I just say, you know what? I'm done with this law of fucker. You know, because I don't want that shit to infiltrate my life involuntarily because it will. Don't think you're immune to this shit. The next thing you need to do is something I call the list of hate and the list of great. Seeking for it. Everyone's favorite coped up pervert. Who's also the father of modern psychology. He coined the term called the pleasure paying principle. Well, freaky seagman said, every decision that someone makes, they're either moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. So this is you. You're moving towards this represents pleasure. This represents pain is fire. The reason anyone makes any decision they're moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. Right now you associate pain, for example, working out reading, working on your biz, eating healthy. You associate pleasure with goonin, video games, beaten off, drugs, masturbation, and a bunch of other shit. What we need to do is we need to change the associations with pain and pleasure. And only way to do that is the list of hate and the list of great. So here's what we do. You need to make a list of everyone who talks shit about. Did you wrong? Bitches who rejected you, holes who cheated on you, that girl who left you and fucked that black guy. I'm sorry about that, by the way. But it's okay. It's this is gonna make you stronger. Right? Put her on the list. Put me on the list if I fucked your girl. I'm on a lot of people's list of hate. Anyone who said you couldn't accomplish your goal, anyone who didn't support you. And here's the thing. Anytime you're supposed to do something, you don't want to do it. Look at that list. And remember that if you don't accomplish your goal, guess what? The haters win. You can't let the haters win. And also if someone said you couldn't accomplish something. And you don't accomplish something where they hate them or whether you just write. Maybe it wasn't hate. Maybe you just a fair assessment of your capabilities. The only reason is on you to prove them right or prove them wrong. I look at but list every morning as I start my day looking at the list of hate. And it's not like an angry rage anymore. You should be like that. And maybe you need that right now. If you're at a low point, maybe you need some rage. But me when I look at it now, after years, I'm looking like I get away with this shit on and eat motherfuckers. Oh, it's gonna be so great. When was I shit on? Eat motherfuckers. But initially, you might have to have a more angry sense like motherfuckers. I'll show them. Maybe that's where you're at. Me is some more light-hearted joe of you. Oh, I'm a shit on these niggas. You might be, I'm a shit on these niggas. The piss of where you at, man. You know, it's hard for me to be angry at the top of the penthouse. Overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. Wake you know, next to my big booty fat-titted Latina girlfriend is difficult to be angry over the underdog circumstances. So it's more of a joyish hate. But I still can't let the haters win, but you might have to have an angry hate. That's okay. You was dead. That's what you got. That's what you use, right? And maybe it'll evolve into a more jolly hate. Like me. Now you also want to have a list of great. This how you make your list of great. I want you to do a imagine a version yourself who's accomplished all your goals and aspirations. Everything that you're trying to accomplish in life, imagine a version of yourself who already has that. And I want you to write down all the attributes that that version of you has. What time is that person wake up? Does that person play video game? Maybe it doesn't. Maybe it doesn't. I'm not telling you what your version is you at the side, right? Does that person skip his workout? Says he cheated on his diet. Does he waste time? Does he maximize each hour of every day? Make it a long, extensive list. And look at that list every day too. And here's what happens. One time you start to act in accordance to what's on your list of great. You're going to feel good about yourself because you'll know that, oh, I'm on the right path. This is exactly what I need to be doing to become the man that I need to be to accomplish my goals. And over time after repeated exposure to the list of hate and list of great was going to happen is your associations with pain and pleasure will start to change. Right. Where you used to look at this stuff and it would be painful. You start to associate pleasure with those things. Right. You're supposed to associate pleasure with your associate pain with. And every time you think about grabbing your motherfucking dick to beat off, you'll be like fuck, if I do this shit instead of working the haters win. Every time you think about firing up your ex station to play world of my craft, you'll be like, oh shit, if I do this instead of working the haters win. Every time you start thinking about you want to smoke some of that OG Kush or snores from goddamn cocaine, you'll be like damn, if I do this, I'm letting the haters win. I'm proving the haters right. And you'll start to associate pain with this. And then every time you hit your workout, you start to associate pleasure with damn this is what I also do. This is definitely not something you start feeling good about yourself because you know you're moving the right direction. Every time you're studying, you'll be moving the right direction when you're working on your business, you know you're moving the right direction when you're eating the healthy, you'll know you're moving in the right direction. And you'll start to like yourself more. You'll feel good. You'll get a spike at dopamine from doing this because the list of hate will have changed your associates with pain and pleasure. It's going to take some time. Right. But here's the thing. Which associations are not using discipline anymore. This is the next level. When you don't need discipline to actually go after your goals because you associate pleasure with going after your goals. So you want to do them. Right. That's the difference between discipline and motivation. Motivation means you want to do it. You're excited. You don't need discipline and do anything and motivated to do. You need discipline and do things you don't feel like doing. But once you've changed your associates with pain and pleasure, you'll feel like doing it. I'll wake up excited to work. And I'm pissed to go to sleep. I wish it was more time. Because I've changed my association with pain and pleasure, using the list of hate and the list of great. It may look like I'm crazy discipline, but I'm not using as much discipline as you. Because we have different associations with pain and pleasure. This will change your brain after repeated exposure. And once you change your brain, you change the game. It's going to take different amounts of time for different people. So you're going to have to keep exposing yourself to the list of hate and to you've built the habits of thinking this way. And once you've built the habit of thinking this way, you've changed your brain. You won't need as much discipline. Discipline is a fine-tri resource, so imagine you didn't have to use it. That's what the list of hate and the list of great will do for you. And just remember, everything you do is habit for me. So it may take you longer to build this habit because you've been building a bit habits your whole life. For example, if you're supposed to go to the gym, and you don't go to the gym, you built the habit of not going to the gym when you're supposed to. Right? It was makes it worse. But if you were to be asked, we'll do something fun and stay. You'll play video games and beat off instead. What happens is you've rewarded yourself for not doing what you're supposed to do. How do we train animals? When a dog does some you want it to do more of you give it a treat. If it's fucking runs around to the flip, you give it a treat. I don't know. I don't know. I don't never had a dog. Or if the dog pisses on your girlfriend, like you punch it. I never had a dog. I don't know. I guess you got pissed the whip on my own. But you punch him. You gave yourself a treat for not going in the gym. So what do you think you did to you? You were animal tool, man. You trained yourself to be a bitch. I think you'd learn to build these good habits. So you don't need discipline. If you've been training yourself to be a bitch for a fucking decades. But it's worth it. And a list of hate lists of great. I'm telling you, it's the strongest thing. Because you change your emotions. You'll let to do the things after a while. Because I have so much exposure to the list of hate lists of great. It takes discipline for me to do shit like go on vacation. Like I'll do it. You know, I took my son to Disney World. We had the passes where we could jump in your front of all. Not the fast pass. That's broken in the shit. We had the fucking VIP shit. We would jump in your front of the muffler because with the fast pass, we had a personal Disney escort walking us around the magic kingdom. That was cool. But I did that for the boy. It was a obligatory thing. I mean, I wanted to kick you with my enjoy. I took my girl on a crazy resort for her birthday in shit. I do that shit because it's more obligatory. Or you muffler because I can't wait to do that shit. It's like me because my list of hate lists of great is so strong. I've imprinted in on my mind so much. It's a discipline to do at shit. It don't take this moment of refute for me to work all day anymore. And you can have that too because I was just like you remember how I started to shit off, man. I was just as fucking a piece of shit like you. Different as this. I didn't have internet porn, man. We had to go to the porn store. You know about the porn store. And we was playing Nintendo 64. I was doing all the fuck shit you was doing. But when my dad killed himself. Right then I was in charge of the family. My list of hate lists of great was different. It was pivotal because I had a better why. You are a victim of your own success or you're a victim of your parent's success. They made things comfortable enough for you. But you'll love your circumstances but you don't hate them enough to do anything about it. Everything's fine. And that's one of the reasons why it's difficult for you to be disciplined. But the list of hate lists of great is going to change this for me. It's important you build these habits before you become successful because if you fuck around it becomes successful before you build discipline, success will issue a life. Imagine if you were me. More time millionaire, single digit body fat, six foot two, Miami pin house, millions of followers on social media. Would you be going to sleep at 10 p.m. so you can wake up at 5.30 every night even on the weekends? Would you have been sober for the last 10 years? No nigga. You would be at the fucking club. You know I'm not a bills at horse. Fucking yo shit up. The problem with that is if you could successful you don't have discipline, you could fuck your life up more because now you got leverage. You got money. You got access to different opportunities in ways to fuck your life up. It's more dangerous to be successful without discipline. Right now you pour how much can you really fuck shit up? If they can't get a brand and car at the whole house. It's fucking news. Greg DuSegg will make another video about me. People will know about it. News is the habit to mean. The habit is that you may not know. And they are going to ruin your life. You kids ain't going to be a tease that school because you're daddy. You're daddy was out there fucking horse. So you got to be more disciplined than more successful you become. Also these women they look at you like a target. Look at Shannon Sharp. Look at Brian Johnson when he was sued. Look at that baseball player. He's women look at you like a target and if you ain't got discipline to abstain from all these hobs you put yourself in precarious situations you could fuck your life up even more. Once you've got the discipline, what the fuck should you do with it? I have another video that I want you to watch right now on the habits that will make you successful. Rich healthy and happy. Neither habits that I used to become a more time millionaire. Who's also in great shape fucking a bad bitch. Right? Let's go watch this video right now.

=== FILE: How To Break Your Bad Habits INSTANTLY [ATa0aOffC4Y].txt ===

In this video, I want to show you guys how you can build some good habits and replace the bad habits that have been messing up your life. A lot of you guys have really bad habits. Some of them just borderline disgusting habits. And you want to break these habits, you want to replace these with good habits that will help propel you towards the next level. Help you achieve your goals. In this video, I want to break down how you can do that. Now, I'm well suited to tell you guys how to build good habits because my habits have been the main reason. I've been able to get in great shape, build successful businesses, maintain a great relationship with my girlfriend, really live the life of my dreams, but it's all about the habits. I want to break that down for you today, so you can start building some good habits. So you can make some of yourself, fine. All right. Let's get into it. All right. So the big home in Aristotle, once said, we are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. He was talking about building habits. It's very important. Now, the reason it's difficult for people to build good habits is because there's actually a biological reason. You're brain uses a tremendous amount of energy at rest. Your brain uses 20% of your body's energy at rest when it's doing nothing. But it's only 5% of your body's mass. And because your brain uses so much energy. And when you're thinking, it's even more labor intensive. When you're thinking you're working hard at something, your brain's going to use significantly more energy. I've raised one step, chest players burned something like a thousand calories, sitting in steel, playing chess because they're thinking so much. Your brain consumes and utilizes a tremendous amount of energy. And it wants to conserve as much energy as possible. There's a part of your brain called the cerebellum. And this is the section of your brain that controls complex functions. And when you're trying to build a habit, get cerebellum is working. But the problem is, get cerebellum uses the most amount of energy. Well, it's one of the parts of your brain that uses the most amount of energy. When you build it habits, you're using a cerebellum. Yes, cerebellum is using the most energy. But your brain wants to conserve as much energy as possible. This is one of the reasons why build a new habit is hard. It's more labor intensive on your brain. You want to need a tremendous amount of discipline and push through this part. When you perform a new action, it's happening in the cerebellum, right? Do it the energy intensive part. Over time, it moves to a part of your brain called the basil ganglia. The basil ganglia is a part of your brain that manages automatic functions. Once you build the habit, it actually moves into your basil ganglia. And once it's in that part of your brain does not use a lot of energy at all. That's when it becomes autopilot and you don't need as much energy to perform the thing. First, it has to make it through your fucking cerebellum, then it moves into your basil ganglia. And once it's there, it uses way less energy because now it's a habit. But this is why it's difficult to build new habits in a hard to break old habits. Build a new habit, utilize your cerebellum, which is energy intensive and old habits, utilize your basil ganglia, which don't use much energy at all. Right? So it's easier to keep doing the thing you've been doing. Problem is, most of y'all got these bad habits all up in your basil ganglia. It's easier for the durianship. Easy to do them bitch habits. You become what I like to call a basil ganglia bitch. The worst kind of bitch. You need to have enough discipline to do the thing for a certain amount of time until it moves into your basil ganglia. Now you've got the delpshitting your basil ganglia. We in the basil gang, man. Don't end up the basil gang. I, and um, and that's why people see some of the things that I do. They see me tracking on my macros, tracking my water and take waking up early, performing all these different actions, and they like man, Brandon's so disciplined. One of my boys, the other day, he said, Brandon's one of the most disciplined people I know. And this doesn't feel like that to me, because these things are habits now. It'd be difficult for me now to just put anything in my mouth like a whore or your mom. Because my basil ganglia already got me tracking my macros. Why am my food and putting in my fitness palace? Like it's easy to me. Like I was at dinner with my girl and some other people and they saw me break out the scale at the restaurant like a psycho to weigh my food. And she was like, man, it takes a lot of discipline. I'm thinking, uh, 10, 12 years ago took a lot of discipline. It's fucking out of pilot now. It's like brushing your teeth. When the kids start brushing his teeth, it says you've got a fucking make this mother fucking do it sometimes. You know, you got to make sure to brush their teeth and make sure they bathe that shit. But once you become a dog, most of y'all have hygiene in your basil ganglia. It'd be difficult for you to leave your house without brushing your teeth. There are exceptions. I see some y'all in public. And that's that one is you only need enough discipline to build the habit. Because it's only difficult when you fucking with that Sarah Bellum shit. People saying, yo, it takes 21 days to make that to build a habit. There's more literature I've read that suggests it may take longer. It really depends on what the habit is. The truth is it doesn't matter on long it takes, right? If it's worth doing, you're going to do it for a long and take until you get there, right? But you just need enough discipline to the becomes autopilot. So that's that one. The next thing you got to make sure you pick good habits. Let me show you what it's important. I'm going to pull up the study where it shows that when people are trying to do a lot of things simultaneously, that are labor intensive, it says it leaves the person depleted. And it makes them unable to engage in subsequent rounds of regulation. Meaning if you're trying to do a bunch of shit at one time, if you're trying to build a bunch of new habits or do anything difficult, simultaneously, things will suffer. So you want to really focus on the few things that are important. But you can't focus on the bullshit habits. So I see a lot of shit online, like yo man, make your bed journal, gratitude journal, no fat. I don't give much credence to any of those things because as they may have some benefit, like what goal are they helping you accomplish? I think you should really focus, especially initially, on habits that will help you accomplish whatever goal you have. If it's you want to get in shape, it'll matter if you fucking make your bed or not. I thought you really need to burn more calories in your consume if you want to lose fat. So you need to focus on your diet. It doesn't matter if you fucking jerk off or not. If you burn more calories in your consume, you will lose weight. If you want to make money, hey, you got to fucking work more, maybe it doesn't matter if you fucking make your bed. If you've got to gratitude journal, if you burn sage around the house, we want to focus on the things that are important. All right. So I don't give a lot of credence to a lot of the self-help Instagram shit. Most of it's not really focused on the compulsion to go. I'm not saying making your bed is a bad thing. But I'm super fucking a rich bro. Like no bullshit. I got a lot of money. And I have not made a bed and I don't know man. We might be on year fucking seven or eight. Me not making a bed. Me the dollar's bro. I'm living the life of your dreams. I'm definitely not no fat. That's it is the equivalent of a strategy for guys. Maybe you have some benefits, you know. But no fat being going to help me make no money. And we're going to get in shape. So whatever, it doesn't matter if you fucking masturbator and not. Don't focus on the bullshit. We need to get super clear. The habits you build need to be the habits that will help you accomplish your goal. We need to really narrow down. What are the things that will help me accomplish that goal? I want you to think about what your goal is or goals, right? Because remember, according to the study, if you're trying to do a bunch of things that once at our labor intensive, it's going to be difficult for you to do any of them well. So we need to really focus our efforts on the important shit. So think about, hey, what's the one thing that if I did it, it would make everything else easier or unnecessary. If you're trying to get in shape, hey, the one thing you need to do is probably start tracking it, get the calendar. You burn more calories and consume. It doesn't matter if you fucking make it bad, it doesn't matter what your horsecopes is, it doesn't matter if you fucking journal that day if you took a cold shower or none of that shit matters. As you only, you start each day with a full tank of discipline. But the more you use your discipline each day, the less you have, right? This is why at the end of the day, all you want to do is smoke weed and play video games where you want to unwind or simply because you love you out of discipline. You used it all, trying that the jack off and writing your gratitude journal, then I ain't going to help you accomplish your goal. Now, I'm not saying you can't do that shit, do that shit after you get some fucking bread and you can't use stop being fat. Then you can start doing the auxiliary shit, burn his say, his in reading your horsecopes, right? But you don't want to waste the discipline you have on shit that's not really moving you forward. So you got to make sure you picked the right habits. Once you got that shit in your basil ganglia, what's that shit fucking with the basil gang? Then you could do some other shit in get Sarah Bellum, but if you fuck, I got to make my bit. I got to do a graduate journal. I got to pray to the sun every morning or whatever the fuck, man. You wasting your discipline on shit that's really not going to help you accomplish your goal. Because how you do everything is not how you do anything is fucking that's fucking bullshit. I know guys who are in amazing shape, poorest fuck. I know guys who are fucking super rich, fat as fuck. You need to figure out what's important you focus on the building the habits that will help you accomplish those goals. The next thing is don't focus on breaking bad habits. I know the sounds counterintuitive, but what you need to do instead of focusing on bad habits, go all in on these good habits you build. You're trying to build once you picked out the ones that are important and pack your calendar with and crowd out so you don't have time to do no bullshit. Listen, I got a lot of vices guys and the way I mitigate that and make sure it's not a problem is my calendar. So I can check about check on my calendar. Like every day is packed, every hour of every day. There's literally no time for a bullshit. Like this is my calendar today. You see this literally no white space for 30 a.m. up and then it's just there was no white space today. That's not white space. That's just the color. That's that's that's what I'm doing right now. There's no white space on this sheet. So when I started packing my calendar, which shit that will help me accomplish my goals, guess what? It was no time for vices. I didn't even have to try and then once you're not doing those things for a long time, it's like anything else. They start to leave your base okay, and become difficult for you to do it. Those of you who ever played an instrument and you fucking stop playing for a few months, what happened? Yeah, you kind of suck again. Or those who ever learned a language and you stop speaking it, oh you kind of suck again. I'd be way better speaking Spanish when I was managing this barbecue restaurant in Queens because I had to talk to the servers in the cooks. Like, like, oh break, what the face of, right? And I was speaking the Spanish these motherfuckers and they couldn't speak English to me. So they were talking me in Spanish and I had to decode that shit. I could speak conversationaly. We could we could understand each other. Oh man, I kind of suck at speaking Spanish. I'm not that. Oh, your oblar un biquito. Ask Spanish. Oh, because I don't be speaking it, right? It left my basil ganglita. That's what's going to happen with your bad habits. Once you crowd them out with shit that help you come to your go, you really crowd it out. Then you won't have no time to fucking be out here doing all the bullshit doing all that fuck shit he was doing before. This is my biggest problem with like no fap right? You're like, mother's a home man. You got to not jack off. You're like, motherfucker, you and it gets got time to sit around playing with yourself. You think it should be out here getting money. Man, how do I stop playing video games? They could do something else, right? You don't even have to break bad habits. Just feel it get time up with shit that help you accomplish your goals. If you do that for long enough, that shit would be out of your basil ganglita, man. Right? If you sit around bored, of course you're going to want to smoke weed. And then the last thing you need to do is super important is you have to draw a line in the same. A lot of times people try to ease their way out of a bad habit or ease their way into a good habit. I'm trying to stop smoking right in there like smoke a little less these days. I don't even fucking like when people say try to me. Somebody said it today. There was like, yo, I'm trying to post every day. I'm saying, you doing what? He said, I'm trying to post what? It was on one of my coaching calls. So my students is like, listen man, you must be new here. We don't use that. We don't use that profanity around this motherfucking. We don't say try around and we ain't try babies. We're going to do it or we not. You fucking try baby. Cut it out. I used to smoke cigarettes. I smoke cigarettes from age 14 to like maybe 32 and I really like smoke a cigarette. Man, I was like, you know what? I should quit this one day because this should be killing people. People started to know me online and everyone's who I want them. My fans with catch me smoking and I'll be like, ah. And my family, we are super hard to kill. Everybody lives to be in their 90s. He's my focus. He's drink. They smoke cigarettes. Some of them smoke crack. And they live to be in their 90s. No bullshit. We are difficult to kill. We all die of old age or gun violence. Not everybody who fucking smoke cigarettes gets cancer right. You got to have the cancer gene and that's something that activates it. I was like, that's it. You want to affect me because after they get in my family smoke. Zero effect. When y'all were catch me smoking, I knew that some of you motherfucking's do what I say or do what I do. I don't want this kid to start smoking because he saw me and he fuck around and die and I played a role. And so I stopped smoking for y'all. You're welcome. And I was legit addicted. Because I was smoking for like 15 years, 16 years. I just quit. It was super difficult at first. But again, everything is difficult. I first got to remember that habit. It was in my basil ganglia. And the nicotine is addictive. And it was difficult. But then I just got used to it. So it's moderation is more difficult than abstinence. The reason it was easy, easier for me because I just drew a line in the sand said, I just don't do this no more. Now I don't smoke no more. I didn't say I'm trying to quit smoking. I said, now I don't smoke no more. And I just didn't do it. It was super hard. Like it was it was definitely difficult. I'm not I'm not trying to downplay addiction. My cousin did the same shit man. He was smoking crack. He was smoking fucking crack man. I was young when he stopped quit smoking crack. It was either the time he had got fucking shot six times or the time he got kidnapped. I don't know. One of those was the turn in point. And he just stopped cold turkey man. He didn't draw the fucking weaning himself off crack. Okay? He just quit smoking crack one day. He's doing great now. He's got his own business. He's got a beautiful family. You know what I'm saying? They're just trying to kill him no more. He's doing great. But he just quit. But it's important. He made that straight up. Mine is him not doing it more. And then even with the good habits. You got to remember you got to crowd out the bad habits. Sorry. I don't do that anymore. And you got to replace those with good habits. And you got to go all in like be be consistent. Rufusly consistent. Because the reason people lack consistency when they're trying to build a new habit or trying to do something is because they accept and consistency. I've seen this a lot because I've been in fitness industry. They'll be doing good for their die for two weeks or maybe even a month. And it was like, my deserve this. I deserve the quit. And it's like, fuck you dumb. You fucking dipshit. And they think they're taking a break. What it really happens is you quit and you have to restart. You don't think about it like that. Would you have to restart? And that's what happened to you. You went on vacation or something. And what happened? You stopped fucking with your diet and then you never got back on it. I know that story like the back of my hand. And motherfuckers going vacation. They stopped. They don't work out or they have to travel somewhere and they never get back on point. I was talking to one of my clients. Right. He was like, man, I was so good man for like a whole year. I was tracking my macros. And then man, you know, the travel and like the travel. And he's like, yeah, I went on this one trip. And I was eating everything and then when I came back, I just I just felt like I didn't get back on. I was like, yeah, because you fucking quit for a week. I want you to think of something like a rocket ship. Build a new habit is like a rocket ship. When those rocket ships, those all have these two big fuel tanks on the side, right? Those fuel tanks are full of fuel. And they need all that fuel to get out the atmosphere. Once it's out the atmosphere, they can start the coast. But however, you motherfuckers get out the atmosphere or you get you close to being out the atmosphere. And then you quit. Now you got to start over from ground. So starting as the hardest part, you motherfuckers have to do the hardest part over and over again. No fucking moderation. Be a fucking extremist. Extremists get all the success. You cannot take breaks. Like, I don't even believe me taking breaks. I don't really believe in fucking. She days anymore. Because I just think she days turning the cheat weekends. I think this is too many times I've been in the fucking fitness industry over 25 years. I've been a person trying to throw over 25 years. My focus will take a cheat day. I mean, almost always my fucks the end up doing cheat weekends. And then next thing you know, they just fucked the diet. Last year I invited three cheat meals. One of them on Jesus' birthday. And that goes well, not even just diet. You can't be out here to cheat knowing you fucking girl and shit. You want some more? Right? Whatever habit you've been building, you can't deviate from this. You gotta be fucking focused. But it makes it easier if you just don't do that. No. Like, I'm not tempted to drink. I'd be with the homeies. I'd be dinners. People are drinking all time. I'm not even tempted. I just don't do that anymore. But if I drink sometimes, I would want to drink. If you follow those tips, you'll be a little bit weird compared to other people. Extreme results come from extreme actions. Right? You've gotta be extremists. And extreme is if you want to get extreme results. You're going to be a regular guy doing regular shit. Like, all these other motherfuckers in the be fucking bound is be average. You know, be moderate. That's what the average naked does. Many of these, the things in moderation, the average average. average American has less than $1,000 in the bank account. The average American is 17 pounds overweight. Fat losers bro. Did you really want to be like these people? Now, we want to stand out against these people. So we gotta be different. All right? Listen, if you want to know some of the habits, I think you should build. I have a whole another video on, I built a tier list of the best habits and the fucking worst habits. All right, go check that video right now.

=== FILE: How To Build Muscle and Burn Fat At The Same Time [v2DvM3vDGQI].txt ===

In this video, I will show you how to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. We're going to talk about how you can do it, who should do it, who cannot do it, and I'm going to give you a specific game plan to help you accomplish that goal. The game plan is going to be a little different than what you think. The old and muscle and burn fat simultaneously is possible, but it's not optimal. You can do it, but that doesn't mean you should do it for a few reasons. For one, let's look at crow body builders. These guys are on all types of deer and PDs. They have the best coaches for their training. They have the best coaches for their diet. These motherfuckers will weigh the sauce that they put on their food, right? They're meticulous about every macro. They're doing everything to the highest possibility. They're exhausting all resources. And they have a lead genetics. To be a pro bodybuilder, you gotta have a lead genetics as well as gear, right? Because gear and magic, I know people won't gear who do it like trash. You got to work super hard. Now, the hard, you got to work smart. Those people still don't try to build muscle and burn fat simultaneously. It's possible, but it's not optimal. Unless you fall into a few distinct categories. The people who can't build muscle and burn fat simultaneously, people who just started working out. It is your first year working out. You can, for sure, burn fat and build muscle simultaneously. Because you're so new to the stimulus of resistance training that your body is going to react. It's going to be in shock. So, you're very first year training. It's relatively easy to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. I've been a personal trainer for over 25 years. While most of you guys are shit in yourself, jerking off the teletubbies. I was training 10 people a day on the gym floor. And I just online trained. I mean, in person before online training was a thing. But before online was a thing. Well, because I had dial up, I was trained to be a day. I'm a lot older than I look. I know I look better than you. I'm probably twice the age. Yeah, I just turned 42 recently. The second class of people who can burn fat and build muscle simultaneously are people who just started steroids. When you first get into the warlates, you can definitely build muscle and burn fat at the same time. Again, it's a shock. It's a new stimulus. And your body's going to react to that. But even that will go away. This is why the pro body builders do not try to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. They do big bulk in cuts. Because it works significantly better. I want you to think about it. To burn fat, you have to be, it was called a chlorate deficit. Meaning you are burning more calories than you can so. A chlorate deficit is intrinsically catabolic. Meaning is counterproductive to build a muscle. In fact, it has a negative impact. It's only the gain of muscle, but the retention of muscle. So you're more likely to lose some muscle when you're cut. That is, things you can do to mitigate that. And we'll talk about that later in the video. To burn fat, you have to be in a chlorate deficit, which is intrinsically catabolic. To build muscle. Of course, you've got to give the muscle stimulus from resistance training, progressive overload. You have to make sure you're getting adequate amount of protein. But one of the best things you can do to build muscle is be in a chlorate surplus. Meaning you are consuming more calories than you burn. A chlorate surplus is intrinsically anabolic. It's very productive to muscle growth. The problem is, it's anabolic for your fat cells as well. However, it's one of the best things you can do if you want to build as much muscle as possible. You would need to be in a chlorate surplus. And the only thing that works for fat loss is to be in a chlorate deficit. This is why probiotic builders would do something like, this is where you look, red, looking good. Here is where you are fat and gross. Those words are sending them. All right, so probiotic builder will bulk. They're trying to build as much muscle as possible so they'll bulk. And they'll get to the fucking gross. They'll probably go past gross. You have to see these probiotic builders in all season. They look fucking crazy. And they stay here for like six months, maybe. Right. Then they start to cut, boom. And they peek for a show. Then they do this charade over and over again. Right. They'll do this for like six months, which means they look like fucking shit for a good half of the year. Just to peek for a short period of time. This is what they look good. And then, you know, for some part of this day, they don't look good, but it's as far. Right. It's easier for a probiotic builder. Because remember, you're all in all types of P.E.D's and they have the legionetics. Therefore, they'll put on more muscle during this phase than you and I will. And less fat than you and I will because they're on the P.E.D's. Full disclosure, I am on testosterone replacement therapy right now. You know, I'm 42. I won't look as shitty as you. I'll put on less fat in a boat. I'll retain more muscle in a cut. I'm assuming you're natural watching this. But it's still not the same as the probiotic builder. Because they're taking way more testosterone. My testosterone levels are still actually in the normal range where they're taking it way past in the normal range. And when they go on the cut, they will retain more muscle than you and I will. You're like, even me on TRT because, you know, it's low-ghosts as testosterone. Right. Now, there's a problem with this strategy, especially for naturals. When you're doing a traditional boat and cut, you look like shit half a year or longer. So, fuck that. When you do this, you're going to put on a lot of fat with a traditional boat. You're going to put on a lot of fat. And the problem with putting on a lot of fat is the way fat sales work is, let's say this is a fat sale. What happens is, as you start getting fat, the fat sales gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And then, what does this do? What do fat sales do? They multiply. Problem with your fat sales split is, once you create new fat sales, the fat sales don't go away, even when you lose fat. So you'll always have more fat sales. And it'll be easier for you to get fat after that. A lot of people will find that difficult to believe when I say it. And that's because then that as well, research this is not your fault. You're not stupid. You're just ignorant. You don't know. They want my fixed day. Right now, here's the article. Your fat sales can never disappear, making future weight gain more likely. Right. And they go into great detail about it. You might be thinking, you'll be granted credit. That's not a fucking study or a reference study in this. Right. Let me pull up the study. So here's the study where the winners of the dynamics of fat sales turn over and you can go read this shit on your own. There, right, or you can just trust me. I'm an expert. Here's another study. This one, it focused on teens, but it went into more detail. The number of fat sales you have a team linger for at lifetime, that's because fat is another one. Let's go back here. If you are overweight and you lose weight, you still have the capacity to store lipids because you still have the same number of fat sales. So when your fat sales multiply and you grow more, because that's what sales do, right? Sales multiply. It'll be easier for you to gain fat in the future. Right. This is why it is so hard to keep weight off. That being said, because we know fat sales never go away unless you get liposuction. You suck the fat out of your body. You're going to have the same number of fat sales. Here's what I do instead. Right. This is what I've been doing for decades. And this is what I have my clients do. It's a way where you can burn fat and build muscle. Not simultaneously. Over this, let's say this is a year period when we talk about the pro bodybuilders because they're peaking for like their show. Over this same period, you can build muscle and burn fat while not looking like shit half year. I learned this from somebody who I used to look up to a lot. When I was 16, it was his guy named Bill Phillips. He founded a supplement company called Yes. He later sold it to Abdelabertor's 400 million dollars. And he had a magazine called Muscle Media. And then his magazine, he broke down a process that's similar to what I'm going to say. I've modified it a little bit, but he called it anabolic burst cycling. Where Bill Phillips said, bolt for two weeks, then cut for two weeks and just go back and forth doing that indefinitely. That's fine. I think I found a better way. Over years of trial and error. We'll do the same graph. We're going to do a my way. Here is the fat and gross line. Here is the ripped line. So what you do is I call this micro cutting and bulky. Very first thing you need to do is get as lean as you want to be. So go on a cut. Whatever we're going to start with a cut. I'm assuming you fat and gross, that's why you want to burn fat and build muscle at the same time. Or you skinny fat. First we're going to do what we're going to get ripped. Now, get as lean as you need to be. I don't care how long it takes. If you are fat, we need to cut. And there's a few reasons why I believe you should start with a cut. It's way easier to lose fat than it is to build muscle on a biological level. That's how it's only have to shrink. And they can shrink rapidly. I want to help a guy who's 75 pounds in 70 days. We need to get into a video about it. He was obviously obese. You can actually lose fat fast. Can you build muscle fast? Build a muscle is a way harder process on a biological level. You have to have enough stimulus for the muscle to actually break down and tear. Tear the muscle fibers. And then they have to go back stronger. The cells have to have the muscle cells have to multiply and expand and split. It takes it to be a million longer. So what it raises is we want to cut first is because you can immediately get a reward. You can get a quick win by cutting as much as possible. The second reason why you should cut first, you will immediately just look better. Let's say you bolt first, but you already kind of fat. If you are already kind of fat and you put on five pounds of muscle, it won't be as impressive as if you are lean and you put on five pounds of muscle. In fact, when I go on a cut all the time, people are saying, yo, do you get bigger than you like you got bigger? No, is this you can see the proportions better. My waist is smaller so it makes my shoulders look bigger. You can see the cut to my arms better, right? Even though I have lost weight, I am more defined. The muscle insertions are more visible. So it gives you illusion you are looking bigger. It's kind of like some of the women I have trained. First thing they want to get a bigger butt and I am like, mmm, bit you fat. So we put them on a cut. Their waist gets smaller and now they got more of an hourglass shape. It looks like that ass is better. But it is really just a proportions. Now she looks more like an hourglass. She looks like a coat bottle instead of a two liter. You have the same effect to you. Your waist would be smaller, which would make your shoulders look broader and you have the muscle in your shoulders and you just look way better and you'll look more muscular. Then when you go on a bulk and you put on some muscle, it's going to look more impressive. The next reason why you should cut first, when you do go on a bulk, the fat cells won't multiply. Red is going to be the cut. Then you're going to go on a bulk, right? And you're going to bulk until kind of don't see your abs as well. They're less defined. We're not going to go to the gross level. We're going to go to we can't see our abs as well. Then what are we going to do? We're going to straighten to a cut again. Boom. And then we keep repeating that. Then you cut until you are as gripped as you want to be. Then you bulk until my abs are starting to not be as visible. That's for most of you. You can use your abs just like the canary in the coal mine. I know you're about to get fat. When you were your abs are less defined. Me, I use my face. When I start getting fat, my face gets fat first. So I started looking like an emoji or a mini. Because you can still see my abs. And I cut until my face looks like skeletal. And then I just stay here. And then you just keep doing this over and over again. And within the same amount of time, you're surplus. Then you're in a deficit. You're in a surplus. Then you're in a deficit. Then you're surplus. Then you're in a deficit. And the beauty of this is you never get fat and gross. Instead of the body bit or only looking good for half the year. If that you are looking good year round. This is one of the reasons why people thought that I was on steroids before I even went on to RT. They thought I was on PDs. And I wasn't. They was like man, you can't stay with you. You're round, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. No, no, no, I do it like this. So yeah, do stay with you around. I look good, you're around. Because I never allowed myself to get fat. Another reason why is I only took fucking pictures and videos on myself when I'm in these areas. This is when I do all the videos and pictures and posts. I don't know why my fuckers would take videos and pictures themselves here. Fuck that. I just fucking broke, made my contact when I looked the best and I posted that year round. I think this is the better strategy because you never look like shit and it gives the impression that your build and muscle and burn fat the same time. You're not doing it simultaneously, but if we space it out, let's say a year. This is fat loss. This is muscle gain. When you do the mini-bolks and cuts over this amount of time, by the end of the year, you should have burn fat and build muscle. Well, really you did most of your burn and fat initially. You got as lean as you wanted to get. Boom. But then you never, you never let your shit get out of hand. So when the fat loss, you always stayed in a range with the fat loss. You never got as a certain threshold of fatness. But you kept gain and muscle throughout the whole time. I think you should go on an aggressive cut initially. It is lean as you want to be and then just bulk and cut indefinitely. And I've been doing this indefinitely. Like I've been doing this for 20 plus years. Like I never went on a fucking six month bulk. Never got fat bulk. It fucked that shit. Get as lean as you want to get and then micro cuts and bulk. How long should these micro cuts and bulk be? As long as it takes you to get as lean as possible, that's how long your cut is. The first one is won't be the longest. And then how long should the bulk be? As long as you can do it without getting fat. Here's what the cut looks like. The micro cut, I'm going to give you a prescription. And again, these are aggressive. You're going to take your body weight in pounds times 10. That equals how many calories are going to get. You've got to track your calories for this work. That's how many calories are going to get. So if you weigh 200 pounds, 200 pounds of fat, 2000 calories, you may be thinking that's too little. Shut the fuck up. I fucking hate you. How many people you train? More than me? You've got to be talking in the thousands. Fuck in bitch. I'm sorry. I mean, it turned up one thing like that. Hey, let's keep it copesthetic. Body weight and pounds. Time to 10. That's aggressive. That's aggressive. All right. Unless you're super fat. Now if you're all beast, then you want to take it down a little bit, even more than that. But this is this should work for most people. If you're super fat, you should even watch this video. You just need to go and cut that boy. Knock it off. One gram of protein per pound of body weight. I know some of you guys are going to say, I watched the YouTube video to say, you only need 0.7. Just shut the fuck up. You don't know more than me. There are studies that say you're in the 0.7.8, but you gotta remember that these studies were done in perfect conditions. They knew exactly how much these people were eating. They were done in lab resources. Teams of nerds. It's correct. We don't live in under those perfect conditions that FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. In any direction, right? So if you get something that says, hey, man, this is fucking 10 grams of protein. Because the FDA allows it to be off by 20%. That means it could be 8. It could be 12. You don't know. This protein will help mitigate muscle loss. Therefore, we want to overshoot this. I'd rather have too much protein than that enough. We want to overshoot it to make up for the 20%. That the FDA allows food labels to be off. That makes sense. So we're going to one gram of protein per pound of body weight. Unless, of course, you are super fat. You are a big whale motherfucker. Where are you? Oh, I guess I need 400 grams of protein. No, this video is not for you. You need to watch a different video. This is for a motherfucker who ain't so goddamn fat that I got to change the rules for. Cut until you are as ripped as you want to be. That's the micro cut. Micro bolt independent of how fat you are. And how diligent you are when you're tracking. It can take longer. Right? This could be two weeks for some of y'all. This could be fucking too much for some of y'all. First, when it leaves, right? It depends. The micro bolt. Take your body weight in pounds times 20. And that's how many calories. Again, that's aggressive too. Same. One gram of protein per pound of body weight. For the same reason as I said before, you will bulk until your abs start to smooth out. Don't wait till you don't have abs. Right? Soon as this is getting out of hand, oh, time to go on the cut. There's a reason for this, right? Because almost everybody has a six pack. They have abdominal muscles. They exist. You just got too much fat on them. But once you get lean enough, you'll see them. That's almost everyone. Even if you're like a skinny fucking kid, you'll see something. And also, men have more fat cells in our stomach. We carry more fat cells in our stomach than women on average. And women carry more fat cells in their thighs, that ass and their fat. So for men, right? The abs is the canary in the coma. Because we have more fat cells there. It's a good judge of when things are getting out of hand. They're going to be the last ones to come in. And it's going to be the first thing to go away. And then you just do this indefinitely. Now there's something special to have this too. There's another reason why this works well. Anybody who's done a bodybuilding competition or had the cut for event, we all noticed that you've seen the gain weight faster after it. There's an anabolic response that happens when you go straight from a deficit to a bulk. The get body has almost like it sucks up the nutrients, right? You are way more insulin sensitive, which means your body can utilize nutrients more effectively. Once you get lean and you've been on the cut, you're way more insulin-assensitive. When you fat insulin-assessivity goes down, meaning your body does not utilize nutrients as effectively, which is why I'm a physical effect. There's something about this, man. When you come off a cut, you can bulk more effectively. I know that people like to do reverse diet in all this. There's an unbeat about that, right? But I never did that shit. I just fucking bulk in cut. I'm never doing maintenance. I'm never maintaining it. I'm always bulking or cutting. 100% at a time. And the beauty of this is you'll probably be bulking and cutting for the same amount of time as the guys who do those big, bulking cuts is just spaced out and you never get fat. They're just shorter ones. And you can do this independently. I'm telling you, I've been doing this for over 20 years. Give it a shot. Try it. I promise you, you'll thank me later, right? Even though again, not build a muscle and burn it fat simultaneously over the course of a year, it will be as if you did build burn fat and build muscle. Not only has this work for me, but it's worked for tons of people I've trained. I also trained trainers, right? If you are trying to learn how to grow your own life in this business, I have a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of online training. It'll show you exactly how to do it. I'd build your own life in this business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, it's free the link in the description. I've helped over 15,000 people. Girl's successful online fitness businesses. And this ebook will help you do the same. Click the link in the description.

=== FILE: How To Get The Woman Who Wants YOU [GAME GOD GOLDIE] [aS4dvzAfai0].txt ===

Came up around a lot of individuals with heavy game. You know, I lived a lifestyle, a polygamous lifestyle for over a decade. You know, and I just got a lot of information that most of these dudes don't. And I just see women from who they really are, not the facade they try to make you see a man. Tell me more about that. What tell me more about the facade? Man, this is thing I like to say, man. It's called the great female con. So the great female con is this elaborate setup that everyone is running right now. They all know what they all do it. And it's the con to try to make the man believe that she is more valuable and almost in every instance, apples to apples. And just the oranges metric to metric. The man is almost always more valuable than the women. And if he's not, he always has the potential to be more valuable than the women. Because a woman's looks is where she gets her value from. Right. So how can somebody, because looks are destined to fade. How can somebody with an attribute that is destined to go away? Be more valuable than somebody whose attributes can be here in today seven years old. A woman's greatest asset, her greatest value on society is going to go away. So how can she be more valuable than the man whose value is predicated on his competency, which he could have at seven years old. But what I'm saying is this, men put so much value on a woman. Her value is something that always goes away. She has a short window when she has that value. Yet he will be looked at and look at her like she's more valuable. And he will make her look him believe that he's less valuable. Even though he's almost always more valuable. How do women make men think that they are less valuable? By the way, by the way that you treat someone, by the way you make somebody pursue you, by the way you make somebody courts you. Right. The more valuable person should be corded and pursued. What would it look like if a woman gets with me, her life is going to be completely different. My life is going to be more or less to say. You can swap anyone and out for her. My life is still going to be the same. But her life is going to be completely different, completely better. My body so everything. So why would I chase her? Because I don't see my value. I believe she's more valuable to me. That's why I would chase her because why would you trace somebody down to change daylight? If she was smart, if she understood value, if she knew what was good for her, she'd be chasing me because I have more value because I can change her life. She can't say. You give it up saying. Yeah. So you know, because when I was like a little kid, like I'm talking about. Under 10 years old, I thought, you know, like when you're super in, when you first start like being sexually attracted to to the girls, I thought that girls didn't like guys. Like weren't attracted to them because I was like, why else are guys buying flowers? The great female con. Why are they taking them out to deep? The deep. That's the same. That's deep. Think that's when we're attracted to me. That's deep. You see it's a societal program. You know, you because you're seeing it in movies and in TV. Yeah. Isn't that what it looks like that women don't like men because the only way they got to deal with them is if they're getting something financial in retirement. Yeah. Or even like, you know, you know, the fairy tales, you know what I'm saying? Like Prince Charmin, he was running around, running around the whole city. Looking for this up there. Yeah, he was saying this. But it was Prince. Hey, you proved my plan. I say this to say that. It's a program. How does this hurt men? Well, man, I mean, if you don't see your value, I mean, of course, you're going to be hurt. So they end up being in relationships with women who don't really like them. Right. And if a woman doesn't really like you, it comes out in all these ways. That's why your relationships never going to work. You started wrong. She don't really like you. And you had to chase her to get her. Right. So if you had to chase her to get her, how you started how you finished, it's never going to end. Right. How can you chase a woman, which means you're following her, then get what her and tell her, all right, I'm the man. I'm going to leave now. It's not going to work like that. She has to be coming to you from the beginning for it to be that type of mutual respect. So if a man feels like the woman is more valuable, even if she isn't, if he feels like that then that's what it is. You give it up saying. And it's a lot of dudes living quiet lives of desperation because they're in relationship with women who don't really like them like that. The reason that woman is always doing that thing you don't like, because she don't really like you like that. Because a woman who really likes you and loves you dirty drifts when you tell her to stop talking she's going to stop. When you tell you you don't like something she stops. When you tell you you do like something, you ain't got to tell her every single day I want my back rubble. But woman who really likes you, she's going to know what you like. She's going to want to do it. The only reason that she's not going to do a show really like you like that. So you're all the reason she's going to keep running her mouth and irritating you. Because she don't, that's how you treat somebody on really like. And with the woman you don't really like because you chase her because you thought she was more value. And that's what I'm all about man gang guy rule number one is like who likes you, choose who's choosing you. I'm going to give you a story. I was 16. My uncle, he was a big time player, right? You know, and he changed my paradigm. I was living a regular square life. You know, a guy to girlfriend, I'm cheating on her. I'm thinking that's how I supposed to go. My uncle, he come down the street. You know, in a humor back in the day that had her hummus with the, with the ace too. He had the story. He was living back. You know, three girls in the back of girl to the side of him. He had the two-door bands, the four-door bands. He had the old school, he had women rubbing his feet rubbing his back. And they broke my paradigm. He telling these women what it is and what it is and what it is and they didn't win it with a smile on a face. And he looked and happier than all the married people that I know. Right. But I say this to say this, he was like me to the club at 16. And it was this fine little bit. Big time player. Big time player. He was a big time player. He ran a city, big time player. This is a criminal different. I got family. Big time player. You know, shout out flaws. But anyway, doesn't it? Yeah, flaws. Flaw, flaws, flaws, flaws. The boss, please. He won. Honey, you know. He's a tough, flee, every front. He from Oakland. But anyway, so we'll go to the club and I can never forget this change the rest of my life. This incident. Right. It was a bad little fine little light skin, red bone thick thing. All just right, all my tight right. She was dancing under dance. So I'm kind of talking to her. She kind of liked playing games with me. Right. And my uncle, he puts his hand on my shoulder and I never forget. He said, stop looking at that bitch that you won't. And start looking at that funny looking bitch in the corner that's looking at you. Right. And he pointed at this little girl who been looking at me all night. She said, I'm your all night. And he pretty much said he said that. And the woman that you want she going to give you a mother fucking problem. But that girl in the corner, she going to do everything you want her to do. Right. And from there, I shaped my life around that ideology to this day. And my life has been having because I only deal with women who like me a lot. Right. And I feel like most of these dudes, they're chasing the woman that they want not to wonder one thing. And you're chasing something running from you. You're chasing a woman that doesn't really like you. And you're denying the woman who really does. You know, it's like hell, good. And hey, Arnold, you know what I'm saying? Why didn't he want to fuck with that bro? That bro loved him. Right. I've been the one that did everything he wanted her to do. Right. But you would rather get with the girl that don't really like you. And you got a chaser and you got to do this and you got to do that. And you didn't know what all these problems. So you make everything easier when you just deal with the woman who like you. Okay. So the problem is, right. He's talking. Yeah. Oh, it. Most girls don't like most guys. Right. Like if you look at the data, like, I think some like 20% of guys get like 80% of the swipes on dating sites. And all this is I hear what you're saying. I'm a disagree with you there. Okay. Have you ever drove down a street and seen a homeless couple? Yeah, I think some homies. Okay. So if that homeless bum can get a woman. You telling me the average guy I can't get a woman. He may not get the woman he wanted to get, but there's a woman out there on his lower than he likes. Stop shooting above your lead. So every man, there's a woman out there for every man. It may be more for me and you than the average man. But every man out there is a woman who's going to see him like that. He just don't want that one. He's just not looking for it. And that's what I say all the time. Man, you so busy trying to choose a woman. You don't even got your eyes open to even see the woman that's chosen. He's the one that's choosing you. Yeah. So I feel like every dude could find a woman that like I'm like, and if he stepped this game up, of course. And that's what I always get more girls would choose. Yeah, I mean, I do. In my class all the time, they'll come in and they'll be like, you know, I'd be like, well, why don't you feel like you got all the women that you want to have? They'll give me all the answers. And I'll just be like, okay, you said what you said. The reason you don't have the women that you think you have, because you ain't who you think you are. Man, quality is never trying to search for quality. Man, a high value individual is not stressed for women. Like the dudes who have a bunch of women is because he that dude. And if you're not having that is because you're not that. So most of these dudes they had, they don't really see where they are. And that's okay. You ain't got to be the top dude. It's women on your level, but don't shoot above your level. Just catch with you. Stop denying that woman that really wants you, because you want that. That's what she don't want you, because you ain't on her level. You fuck with the one that's on your level. And then I go to say this too, dudes be like, oh well, what if I don't like the one that that like me. Two things you can do either you got to level up or I will say this now. What's wrong with you? Have you ever had a woman who love your dirty drawers that a lot still kill go to jail for you? Do anything for you. And a woman of mine, man, shit, shit, shit break the bank. Shit rob them motherfucking bank for me if it was required. How could you not level woman who love you like that? Who love your dirty drawers? Literally. How could you not like a woman like that? I say it's some wrong with these dudes, man. They got like some steep self-hat, because what better compliment can you play? Pay to yourself and to deal with a woman who every day and every way shows you that you the best thing cooking. And what is deficient in you that allows you to chase a woman who's showing you every day that she don't like nothing about you. That's self-hat to chase somebody who denies you and deny the person who wants you. This self-hat. Yeah. You know, it's like if you choose the woman who likes you, maybe both of y'all will be happy here. Right? You know, because you're the girl. You don't want some girl out of your league to feel like she's selling them. Yeah, exactly. This is always going to be looking for a better. Yeah, it's self-hat. You got such a low estimation of your worth when you see a woman who likes you a lot. You don't even like it because you don't even like yourself like that. See, I like myself so much when a woman like me, man. I'd be like, this week I saw him in comments. You know what I'm saying? You got good taste. You like him. And listen, my dick won't even get hard. I don't care how fine she is. If she don't like me to take you two seconds, you got bad taste. If you can't recognize me, but you can't even get tart off a woman that don't like me. You got poor, Jeff. And I'll care how fine she is. If she don't like me, man, it's some wrong with her brand. So I can't fuck with her. I don't even like her. I love myself that much, but whether that's self-love, come from self-investment, doing to work every day, the wins that I get every day, the self-validation I get for myself because I'm really putting in the work every day. And that's where it really starts.

=== FILE: How To Know If You Should Dump Your Girlfriend [FsT494FA474].txt ===

Here's how you know what you should dump a girl or wife for up. It all comes down the man. Let's say you win on three dates with this girl and for simple math, a thing spent $200 each day and you smashed twice. You know, first time she didn't want to see him like that. On the second date, you smashed, then you smashed again on the third date. Fantastic. We take this total number which is 600. By the way, how many times you smashed and that gives you your C, P, S, your COS per smash. And for this example, 600, you smashed twice. That gives you a cost per smash of $300. All smashed is our considered equal. So we have to rate the quality of the smash. So let's say the first time it was about eight. It was great. But see, you didn't want to see him like a socialsheel back a little bit. But then the second time you smashed, she gets crazy. That's it all hanging out. Let the freak out. That gives you 10. This formula gives her a smash quality score of 18. So what we wanted to do now is take our cost per smash and the buy the buy our smash quality score. That's going to give us our smash quality cost. In this case, we have a cost per smash of $300. And a smash quality score of 18 which gives us a smash quality cost of 16.7. Ideally, you want your cost per smash to drop. In your smash quality score, the increase which will lower your overall smash quality cost. Let me show you what that looks like. So let's say you've been dating this woman for a while. You all win day widerms been $200. But you smashed three times with a smash quality score of 10 on each round. This brings our cost per smash down the $66.7. We divide that by our new smash quality score of a whopping 30 with his a smash quality cost of only $200.22. I think this is a wiping material. You can go ahead and put a ring on that. In fact, I recommend considering wiping up any woman with a smash quality cost below five out. However, you got to decide what your threshold is. That's what you want to see. Ideally, over time, your smash quality cost to drop. We started off with this woman with 16. Got the cost all the way down to $200.22. That the smash quality cost starts to increase. Probably when the wave heard letter test free agency out on the open market. It's okay if you start off with a high smash quality cost as long as it keeps getting lower over time. That's how you know you got wiping material. But cost is all relative. What you really need to do is get your money right. Not only way you can lower your smash quality cost, it's actually improve yourself as a man, so the woman is actually excited to be with you instead of just fucking you for free dinner. And the way you bring it down is by building your business, building your social media, building your value as a man, so smashing you is like a win for her. I did that, but calling my online fitness business. I'm doing a free train to show you how to grow your online fitness business for free. Even if you're going to have an experience, even if you're never did this before, even if you're not certified. I should exactly how you can go from zero to getting your first online training client. Go to this link right now to register for the free class, it's going to get filled up. We only have so many spots available. You're not going to miss the opportunity.

=== FILE: How To Make Money as an Online Trainer [YYeZxvvSSUI].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down everything you need to know to start or grow your online fitness business. And when I say online fitness business, I mean online training. How you can train people online and get compensated for it. For money, I'm well suited to teach you this because I started from nothing. And I built a multi-seventh-figure online fitness business. And I've actually taught over 15,000 people how to grow their online fitness business side. I'm a mentor at them and my program had to get trainer. But I'm gonna break this whole thing down for you four free in this video. So this is when you're gonna want to take notes on pay attention. You don't want to mess this up. For even more information, there's a free ebook that's gonna be in the description of this video. Call the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It's the first link in the description. That's gonna break down some of these topics that I'm gonna cover in even more depth. And give you some examples of people who I've coached who done it as well. Right? So you can get even more knowledge on this subject. It's a free ebook, totally free. You can download that in the first link in the description. But let's get into how to grow your online fitness business. It's a lot easier now to start your online fitness business than it was when I started. I started in around 2008, 2009, somewhere in that timeframe. The reason it was so much more difficult than was because it was during the worst recession since the depression. We had record levels of unemployment. The global financial system was collapsing. There were people who were masters to increase actually working at Starbucks. But to make managers worse, right before that, my father committed suicide. And I was in a position where I had to take care of my whole family. I had to take care of my mom, my sister, my grandma, my sister's kid. And I had to help support everyone in the family. But I was just a personal trainer at that time. And those young people, personal trainers don't make a whole lot of money because it's a cap on how much you can actually make. Because personal trainers get paid by the hour. Kind of like an escort. I've heard. And the problem with that is there's only so many hours in each day. So there's actually a real gap on your income because of the time-resorting. But once you go online, then you can start getting paid for results. Yeah, clients will pay you for the results you helped them get as opposed to getting paid for the hour that you worked with them. And I'm going to break down everything in this video. I'm going to show you how to get clients and how to train your clients so they get great results online. Because that's a big thing. A lot of people don't think that you can get results for your clients online without seeing them in person. I'm going to show you how you can actually get better results for your online clients than most people can get for an in-person client. So I was in this predicament. The global financial system had collapsed and I had a dead daddy and I had taken my family but I'm making very little income as a personal trainer. So before I figured it out, I just started getting different jobs. I would wake up at like 4am, train people in the morning, shower, dinner, took the train from us to so-ho and our security for eight hours and after that I worked for my friends movement company. Even though I had a college degree, there weren't a lot of people hiring at the time. In fact, more people were laying off people than they were hiring. That was five days a week and on the weekends I trained people in the morning and then I was a weekend manager at a restaurant in Queens. So these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week and I did that for two years. And then I read a book called The Four Hour Work Week. I remember we just packed up somebody's belongings and put them in the moving truck and we were taking them to New Jersey. I know, gross, right? But we were going to New Jersey because people wanted to move there, I guess. It hung away to New Jersey. I was reading this book called The Four Hour Work Week and he was talking about building an online business. I think that. What if I could train people online and help them get results? That way I can actually take this business online. I can make more money and actually help more people. Simon O'Tainsey, which is my main goal is why I got into training because I like helping people but I also need that money. It's a care of my family, right? So the book didn't really break down how to do it. In fact, I don't suggest you read the book because a lot of the strategies in there are antiquated now. However, it got the idea of sparking. Now you gotta remember, this was a novel idea online training back in 08, 09, around that time. Nobody was doing it. The internet in social media was still kind of in this infancy, right? We had Facebook and we had my space and YouTube was kind of just starting to know Instagram was no TikTok. So I couldn't really figure out how to do it. I didn't know how to promote myself. I didn't know how to get clients and I didn't know how to train them to get good results. So first I focused on how to attract people. How to get them good results. And because I was a good trainer, I figured out how to get people great results online and then start to spread in some by word of mouth and I was able to train more people. But I also figured out how to promote myself with social media and it's a lot easier now. And I'll break now how. I was able to start quitting my jobs and I started making more money, more money. I quit one job quit the next job and to the point where I was, I had no jobs and then I can really just focus 100% on this and that's when I built it up to a seven figure business. And I'm about to break down everything you need in order to accomplish that. If you want to be a trainer, all right, soon a lot of you guys want to do it because you want more time. Either you're in the gym now, training people is changing time for money like a hooker. Or you got some job you don't want. You rather have more free time to work from home or spend your time at however you please. But you also want some more money. I know money may not be the only thing people want. However, in my experience having more money makes things easier. You can exchange money for goods and services and the quality of those goods and services are dependent on how much money you can spend on money. Money is a good thing. You can take care of your family is double. You want more money and you like to have more time. However, if all you want to was money, I would say you just say make it a job on Wall Street or something. But we want to do it doing something we love, something we're passionate about. And I think when you spend your time making money, doing something you love, I think that's a great definition of freedom. How do you get that? Well, I'm going to break down something I like to call the online trainer formula. So the first thing you need to know is marketing. How do you get your name out there? How do you get people to know about you? Then you need sales. How do you convert these people to a following you or people who know about you? How do you convert them into actual customers? And then, you need a system to train people to make sure they get results. You need all 380s to be successful. When you're able to market yourself and you're able to make sales, what else have you get the money? For example, you have a system that gives people great results and you're selling people in the system. That's when the passion comes in. And the beauty of doing it online is you can actually help more people. And money is important here too if you care about helping people. If all you wanted to do was help people. You didn't care about money at all. You still need to make money so you can do it full time. But if you got this system that helps people get great results and you're doing it online and using online marketing and you get these clients, that's how you get your time back. Need all 3 of them. It's like a 3-legged stool. If any legs at a stool is fall to your broken and you sit on that stool, you know, you're going to have any stability. So if your sales are great and you're marketing is great, but you don't have a system that gives people great results and you're what a scam artist. You're going to let more people know how much you suck by having good marketing and selling them into a system that doesn't work. If your system is great and your marketing is great, but you can't make sales, well, if you can't make sales, you don't have a business. You have a hobby. Even if you're good at sales and you've got a great system to help people get great results, nobody will know about unless you're marketing in the strong. That's what you need all 3 to make this happen. Now there's different parts to each one of it. So I'm going to break this down. The first part of marketing is having what I call a niche. When I say a niche, I mean, you want to be a specialist. For example, who makes more money? Dr. A, you just a regular doctor, people go to foreign for anything, maybe they got a headache, maybe messed up his foot, right? They go to that doctor. Then you got another doctor who's just a heart surgeon who makes more money. Yeah, a heart surgeon, right? Because he's a specialist. I don't want heart surgery for a doctor who's also working on somebody's foot in the afternoon. Specialist always make more money than generalists. For example, during the pandemic, I lived in Manhattan on Upper West Side, 72nd Broadway. And on my block, there was a dinosaur. In this diner, you can go in there at any time. They stayed open 24 hours and they had a thick menu. You can get anything from that diner. You can get a burrito that makes you some spaghetti or the guillotine mistake. They went out of business during the pandemic. However, one of my favorite restaurants in New York is a STK. What do you think they specialize in? You guessed it. They have other stuff with a specialized instinct. The thing is, man, you couldn't just walk in the STK. You probably needed a reservation. You probably had to call it it. People dressed up to go to STK. I used to go to that diner with basketball shorts flip flops and whatever shirt I slept it. But STK, man, I might put on some nice, man. They're on the jewelry to go up at STK. And they charge money in mainboard. And I'm friends with the manager. He said, man, this pandemic's been the best thing for us. We actually been making more money. What the diner went out of business. Because the diner didn't specialize in anything. New York diners are pretty much the same. It's been the one you've been to them all. But STK is specialized, right? Specialist always make more money than generous. So how do you build your niche? The way I like to think about it is how many trainers do you think they're on? All trainers. Every guy or girl with the word trainer in their bio. Right? How many do you think they are? There's probably millions like multiple millions for sure. Do you want to compete with all trainers? No. No, and that's why you need a niche. Here's how it looks. I like to look at it like, who are you marketing to? What problem are you going to help them solve? And how are you going to help them solve that problem? At one point in my career when I was making a lot of money, I focused on young men, no diddy, that you just 20 to 30. Now, here's the thing. A lot of trainers when I bring this up to a name, like man, I want to train men and women. It doesn't really work like that. Old Spice the owner. Just looking at this, who do you think this is marketed to? Now mind you, there is a wolf biting through the name. You think that's marketed to men or women. It's probably marketed to men. You probably guessed that the drawing of a wild animal biting into the name. But then if we looked at secret deodorant, if we just looked at the packaging, who do you think that's marketed to? Miner women. You're looking at the fun. Look at the colors. Here's the thing. This powdered fresh scent is exactly the same as the old Spice scent called fresh or sport. So almost the same. The ingredients are almost exactly the same. It's made by the same company. The same pair of gummy. Our women's armpits and men's armpits, that much is different than each other. No. But the reason they have two different brands is because thing about it's the word brand. It's the word brand. Just because this product will work for men doesn't mean you can markets it's a man. Women see this and I know hey, this is for me. The language powder fresh. Secret. Look at Easter colors. This got down the order into Easter bunny, would wear. You know, down look at the guys. It's a goddamn wolf biting into the name. Alright. Look at the colors. Look at the fonts. Hey, this fresh is the exact same as this fresh. The smell is indistinguishable. How do I know? Because I got both in my house. The thing is they can't market the same. If you wanted to have the order for men and women, what colors would you use? What fucking gray? Nobody wants that. What font would you use? What would you name it? It's difficult to market the men and women. Especially on a small scale. When you get larger scales, big companies will build in dollar budgets. Coca-Cola can do it. You don't want to be a billion dollar budget. You don't. You just a guy. You want to focus on one gender. Men or women. Now I would say women is going to be difficult if you try to focus on selling the men. And it's not because women can't train men. It's because men aren't mature enough to have a female trainer without trying this Smash. Just won't work. But I have seen men be able to focus on training women. And then you want to have an age group with a 10 year gap. Because we're doing it. Marking it. A guy in his 20s is probably not going to be thinking about life the same way a guy in his 40s is. He's going to have different goals. His aspirations. And he's going to be attracted to different marketing. He might listen to different music. I'm 42. And I'm not listening to what the young kid is listening to. I'm not trying to hear. Little someone so I'm listening to the twist. I want to hear. Little who's yourvert. I'm not going to use my focus on purple hair. Everything is different. We switch age group. That's why I differ at the market to a wide range of people. Now think about what we did right here. There's another reason why I'm important. Okay. I'm only marking in the men. Boom. That's half my competition. Gone. All trainers. But not even all men. Men age 20. The third. The small group of this population. Now our focus is different. Now is less competition already. Right. Now we get to stand out. Now what problem do we want to help them solve? Remember all businesses problem solving. I needed a microphone that I can yell into. So you guys can hear me. But not here. Everything else is going on in the penthouse. And sure solve that problem for me. Business problem. I needed to watch. They will both flex on the haters and stunt on the whole simultaneously. And my friend Richard Meal solved that problem for me. Right. Business problem solve. So what problem do you want to help your clients solve? Now again, if you're a good trainer, you can help anybody with anything. Right. But you need to focus. So I focused on helping men age 20 to 30. Right. I helped them get rid. And I'm going to put quotes on that because I use their language. I know as a trainer. I know that meant they wanted to be muscular with low body fat. So when we focus on this, we exclude everything else. And again, I use their language. If it was girls, I would have said, toned. Right. Even though trainers hate that word, I know when a woman says she want to be toned. Oh, she must more muscularity and lower body fat. But toned. I'm going to use their words because we're marketing into them. So if I'm helping these guys get ripped, these guys don't want to be body built. These guys don't want to be pro athletes. You guys don't even care about being healthy. I'm focusing on these guys. This is the most important part. Like, you know, who are you going to help? And what problem are you going to help themselves? And we're going to not worry about anything else. So I didn't market to obese people. I didn't market the people who wanted to be pro body builders. Didn't market people wanted to be pro athletes. It was all about getting ripped. Now, here's the history of the beauty of it. You got to think, hey, why does a guy age 20 to 30 when it get ripped? Well, here's the thing. His why is probably different than a guy in his 50s. His why is this guy's probably single. He wants to get girls. So that's what my marketing kind of revolved around at that time. So I was making a bunch of YouTube videos and stuff. And I had girls in my video. Not because I was marketing the girls. They get y'all to watch. That was their purpose. They were props for lack of a better work. I mean, they were friends in my own real life, you know, but they would like props. And it worked really good. Now if I was marketing the older guys, I would talk about different things. I'm going to talk about anti aging or longevity. You know, being there for his kids. Like when I talk now about fitness, I talk about how I'm fitting enough to take my son to the trampoline park. Get on the trampoline. I'm running around with the kids while all the other bad days are sitting down on the sidelines. It's looking all fat and tired. You know what I'm saying? I'm not hearing that other kids gather around. I'm out here having fun with all the kids. No drizzy. I got to raise this guy's kids because he fat. That's the cross I got to bear. Anyway, that's what I would talk about if I was marketing the guys my age now. It'd be that I have an energy or being useful. Some like that. With young guys, that's not going to resonate. You got to talk them about getting girls. No, it's very difficult for a guy that age to think about anything else. So this is where it's crazy. I focused on body building style training with the keto diet. Any diet of work, but I focused on ketogenic diet. That was my thing. But you can focus on anything. Now check this out. Remember, there's millions of trainers. How many trainers help men age 20 to 30 get rid of body building in keto? You probably can't think of five who's specializing. We went from millions to less than five. That's how you become a specialist. And that's the niche. And now I break that down more. And I give some examples. A lot of the people who did it with other niches in the ebook that you can download. I'm in the description called the Ten Commandments of Online Training. Then the next part you need is you got to build your social media. At the time, I had to focus on YouTube. If I was starting now, I wouldn't focus on YouTube at all. I would focus 100% on Instagram, because it's easier to grow in this fast at a grow. Instagram and Facebook. Now here's the thing. How do you grow social media? It's only one way to grow. You post content that people like consistently. But we don't want to just grow it full of followers. We want followers who will be potential client. What I teach my students to do is to make content revolve around helping your niche. Accomplish their goals with your method. You don't have to be key to. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to have this niche. I've helped people who are vegans start on life in this business. Built around the vegan diet. I've helped people who help moms. It doesn't matter what the niche is. All the matters is that you have one. Just tons of restaurants. Does Italian restaurants? Asian fusion restaurants. There's Mexican restaurants. They all make money. One is not better than the other. It's the fact that the only restaurants that don't succeed are ones that don't have a niche. Now to grow your following full of people who may be considered customers. You've got to make content that appeals to these people because what's going to happen is you'll make this content. And then people who resonate with this will be attracted to it. They'll find it. It'll start off slow. What happens is when you say if you make some good content, what did they do? They share it. And now here's the thing. People probably have friends that are like themselves. Like you went all your friends probably got similar political beliefs. You're probably in the same thing. You might be with when it goes. Wouldn't get friends right now. And you share that on your Instagram. What happens? Your friends see it there. Like you. It's not only trick to build in social media, but you have to post often. And it has to be good content. And I can't really go into how to make build good content here. But I talk about it more in the free ebook. But I will say you may content based around what your niche is into. And that way you grow it full of people who can be potential customers. What you don't want to do is build content for the people who never be customers. For example, a lot of times we'll have women join our program, HTT. And you know, it'll be like beautiful women right. And they'll have a lot of followers. But it's like all guys who just wanted to see that booty. And then they say, hey, I'm helping ladies train in this like, oh man, I think you got 98% guys. Goosh has started only fans if you really want to make money. But so we have to help them with this. And they have to slowly start building content that they're targeted market. When people who actually be the customers, as opposed to just guys. I see this also with a lot of people online, they'll make content that go viral. But for the world reasons, like they do wacky stuff. Remember when everybody was not everybody. And my friends, remember when people were making those videos, when they were turned the lights off and turning back on and they were wearing their girlfriends clothes. Wacky stuff. 100% of those couples have broken up. All the guys who did that and they had businesses unless your niche was the LGBTQ community. That probably was going to get you no clients. In fact, it probably turned off a lot of potential clients. And that's nothing against the LGBTQ community. Y'all cool. I'm just saying, if that's not your niche, you shouldn't do stuff. They'll build your following for the people who aren't doing it. If that is your niche, then that's cool. Man, it's saying the 90s love whoever you want to love. That's a big key to building social media. But the beauty of it is you don't even need a big following. Because to check this out, we're going to go through some pricing stuff. 25 clients at let's say you cross $80 a week. You may be thinking, hey, that's a lot of money for online training. Who's going to pay that? Well, people do it all the time. In fact, people pay more than that. The average personal trainer charges $100 per hour. So every time you see some guy in the gym, when the trainer, he's probably paying around $100 an hour. And it varies depending on location or geography. And the quality of the gym at Equinox is like $200, sometimes $2.50 an hour. And this person's not even going to help them with their diet. They got to be with him three times a week, at least. So now we're talking about $300 a week. So this is a steal. Or even on the low end, the low is in like crack hit prices for personal training. $50 an hour. You got to see that trainer at least three times a week to get results. Now you can talk about $150 a week. And now he's not even going to help you with the diet. He's going to give you some tips online training. I'm going to show you how you can help your clients with their diet. The most important part, then that even helping you with their charging more and giving you less and inferior product. I'm going to show you why online training is actually better for the client later in this video. But $80 a week. And if you keep an average of 25 or 52 weeks, which is a year, again, someone won't stay with you the whole time. But we're talking about just keeping an average for 52 weeks. That is $1400 a year. That's what a doctor makes. Like, you know, an entry level doctor in some doctor's entry level, right out of a med school. But his thing, you can get a cut no one open and nobody sneezing on you. You didn't have to go to the med school. You didn't have to go to college. It's major in biology. You have to go to school for eight years. Or do a fort two to four year residency before you started making it. 25 clients. Eight hours a week. That's just one price and structure. We're going to some more later in this video. You need millions of followers to get 25 clients? No. Because it's maybe thinking. Remember, there's not a lot of people who went to even do body building. If the ketogenic diet, when I was doing it, when that was my niche. However, the person who did want this, the guy who was a male in this age range, who wanted to get rip and wanted to do body building training in the ketogenic diet, there was no one else to go to. There was no competition. He couldn't price shop. And even if it was another trainer who said, hey, I'll train you with that. I can do it. Who do you want? Do you want the guy who specializes in it? Or do you want the one who said, yeah, I can do it. You know, I haven't been all types of people at all types of things. I can help you too. Yeah. I don't want Lasek is surgery from the doctor who's working on feet earlier that day. I want someone who only does Lasek is a stronger. He can't price shop. But you only need 25. That's a beauty of it. The next step that you need for marketing is paid ads. We're not going to go into that here because I tell my students to only do pay it as once you're making like $10,000 a month. You can make $10,000 a month or six figures. You can do this 25 clients. This is not exactly $10,000 a month. This is closer to $8,000 a month. But you can do this organically. You don't need ads to get 25 clients or 30 clients. We'll get you to somewhere closer to $10,000 a month. You don't need ads for that. You need ads past that. And another reason why I don't like me do ads is because ads are like gasoline. Fire, if you have a fire going, then you pour gas on it. Wappets. Boom. It's blows. But if you just pour gas on the floor, another happens. It smells great. We all love this smell. There's no combustion though. We're going to skip that right here. But I go into it a little bit more in the ebook. Take a man's of online training. Next step is sales. The first part of sales is you got to learn how to book calls. Because here's the pricing structure. Again, we already said weekly. No less than $80 a week. Or you can have them pay monthly. You're going to call that $297 or $300. Or you can charge them or months. Or months. $997. So kind of like the dope game. The more they buy, the cheaper it is. I think it's worse like that in other industries as well. Now we're going for this. A thousand. And this is why we don't have like a link in your bio to buy. And you don't need a website either to make sales. Who that's important. You don't need a website. In fact, no website. No complicated funnels. None of that stuff. Because here's the thing. You ever went on Instagram, click the link in somebody's bio and spent $1,000. I have it. And I'm rich. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm super rich. And I have it then. Because human beings don't behave like that. The price of something changes the sales process. Like you didn't buy your car from a link in a bio. You probably went to the dealership. Because there was a higher price purchase. You would probably have to talk to a real person. You would probably have to see it in person. So we tell our students the book calls. And then we're going to go for that $997. We called it paid in full. You want to go for $1,000 each sale. Most businesses have something like this. We call it a value ladder. Right? So at the top of your ladder, you have your most expensive shit. In the middle of your ladder, you have your your mid tier shit. Close at the bottom, you have your cheap shit. And then we got your free shit. Now, what a lot of people will tell you to do with the online business. And you know, one of my mentors are Russell Branson. Where he teaches is to go up the value ladder. Give him some free. Then you give him some cheap. Then you give him some little more expensive. And you get some little bit more expensive. You see this a lot in business. For example, if you go to a gentleman's club. If you like me, you got a pop in these streets. Maybe you can have a drink. Then you go to the stage. They got that guy in. Come into the stage. I don't know why they all sound like that. I don't know if people with that voice grow up one in the beach. Strip club these days or something about that job. Brings that out of you. She comes to the stage. Boom. You know, I don't know if you're a story about this. I told the story before, but me and my boy Brian, white boy Brian, we went to the strip club. Long time ago. I mean, long time ago. And I mean, so long ago, we go to the strip club. We get in for free because we got it popping in the streets, right? And we get in. We go to the stage. The guy says, and the, Oh, could we do the stage? Just sit in a man. And then his call case and woman, Strud to the stage. She had, you know, cinnamon color hair, presumably that's why her parents were neighbors. And she started, she got to twerk in, right? She come to me, start twerking in front of me. I was thinking, I'm going to give her a dollar. I'm like, it wasn't my type. But Brian was like, man, he's like, oh, yeah. So cinnamon gets off the stage, man. And then she comes straight to Ryan. Why she come to Brian instead of me because it's easier to sell to somebody. You sold to. So cinnamon comes, she, she's boom. She got the dollar. Boom. Then she comes to him. She asked before it danced. She's like, would you like a dance room like Brian? You know, it's cool as he could. So he's trying to stay cool when he's hit. And then she's a dance. Then he gets like two, three dance from Ditchie Axon to go to the fucking to the VIP room. That works in a lot of business. But what we found was that it takes too long with online training to go up the value ladder. It's easy if what you're selling is booty. But if you're selling online training and you're just a person is going to be different. We tell our students, hey, I'm going to give away free stuff and it goes straight to online training. And you can do that. You book a sales call because that sales call actually speeds up the sales process. Fitness business, your value ladder looks like this free. It's like this is your social media shit. Boom. Yeah, your cheap shit would be like an ebook. Your mid-tier shit would be like some program you're selling. And then your highest that thing would be online training. Were you actually worth with the person? Obviously social media. You don't make no money unless you got a big YouTube page. But that takes years. So we're not going to count that. So we think of social media as a promo. And even now, like I make money from my YouTube, but it doesn't even fucking pay for all the equipment in the staff. The average ebook, this research on this average ebook so far about $10. The average program online is about $49, you know, who just called it 50. And then again, like I said online training where we're going for it one for that four months. Boom. 1000. Let's say your goal was $10,000 a month. How many ebooks do we have to sell to make $10,000? Yeah, $1,000 ebooks. If you're watching this, you probably never sold 1,000 of anything online. Remember, this goal is $10,000 per month. And then they're not going to keep buying your same ebooks. So you got to sell 1,000 ebooks to 1,000 new people every month. Look, fuck it. Let's do this. Let's do some programs. How much is that going to make? Oh, it's a little better. 200. But remember, 200 new people every month. Now, 1,000. Ooh, you only need 10. But the beauty of this is remember, it's recurring. So if you get 10 every month for like 3, 4 months or whatever, you don't have to get no new people. Provided you can retain your clients and we'll talk about more. It starts to recur. It becomes easier. Or even if you do a monthly, it just becomes easier to get to that. Hit it as goal because online training is recurring. So it's not new people every month. But to do that, to get someone to give you a thousand dollars, you got to get it on call when you need a system of book calls. It weeds out the people who aren't serious, who maybe aren't a good fit, who aren't in your niche. Like we talked about before, or who just ain't got the money. This is the business, not a charity. We don't can't be trained people online for free. So you need a system to do that so they don't waste your time. Now, once you get on the calls, you need a proven sales script. Now, it'd be too much for me to go over the whole script for you right now. But I'll break down a little bit of it. Mind, you got to done millions of dollars in sales by myself. I built several sales teams that have done eight figures. So I'm going to give you some tips right, but you need to root sales script. Because if you ever seen the wolf of Wall Street, remember he was getting these assholes from off the street. I think he met this guy in the diner. These guys weren't like experts sales people. But he was able to build a hedge fund. So millions, right? Because he'll vote. He gave them all what this script. So this is the scene in the movie where they're all saying the same thing. And they're even him. He's reading from a script. So if you don't have a script, you are just guessing. Making shit up on a fly, wondering why you're not closing sales. Like you need a proven sales script. That's why I give my students actual real sales scripts that have been Battles has been proven. Because remember I've been doing sales in the fitness industry for 25 years. When I was a personal trainer at Bally's total fitness. I actually took my scripts that I've had the whole one for 25 years. And took them to the real wolf of Wall Street. Took them to Jordan Bellford. I paid like 20 grand. It spent the weekend with them. And he went over my scripts with me that I don't want that. I give them my students to make it me better. You need a proven sales script. You need a script. Even if you don't get my script, get a script from someone. Get a script from somewhere. It's going to be better than you just trying to make shit up on a fly. And then you practice that script until it becomes a part of you. So when you're saying it, it doesn't feel like you're reading it. In fact, you shouldn't be reading. You should have memorized this way. You can freestyle a little bit and come back different parts. So you can alter it for your style and for your whoever whatever client you're talking to. But then after a sales script, you need a way to take automatic payments. Because remember, I said that these payments were recurring. So they need, you need a way to set it up. So it's automatically bill every month to your clients. So a big mistake I see people making when they do online training is they're doing it to do zel or cash app. And they got to hit these people up every week or every month for a payment. And it's almost like they got to do a new sales job again. If you have 25 clients paying $8 a week, do you really want to be hunting down 25 people every week? Say hey man, he did payment. He did payment. Wouldn't it be better if you just woke up in the money was there right? So you need a way to set up automatic payments. It's very important. You got to figure that out. Not only is it better for you is more convenient for the customer. I have Netflix. I only watch Netflix when a new Dave should pay. Special comes out. So this is like every other year or some shit. I watch something on Netflix. But I pay him every month. And I don't mind. It's not a whole bunch of money and it just, it just bill. But if I had to send Netflix a cash at every month. That shit would last one month. I assure you. So it's actually more convenient for them as well. So we talked about marketing and sales. Now we got to talk about the system. How do you train people online so they get great results? And this is super critical. This helps everything. Because it the system's rights on it help you with the sales. If you're getting great results, you got a bunch of testimonials. And it'll help you with your marketing to you. You have a bunch of testimonials. When I was doing online training, I literally had hundreds and hundreds of testimonials. When people are helping in shape. To the point where it'd be difficult for someone to talk. Shit about me. And it'd be difficult for someone to come up with any objections. Because one is cheaper than in person training. And there's so many examples of people that it helped. But not only people that help. Remember we talked about the niche earlier. It was people just like them who had the same goal. That's another reason why the niche is having a niche is so strong. Because if I had a bunch of results for all different kinds of people with all different types of goals. When the guy who I was marketing to saw me still just a fitness guy. And he I can price shop with all the other fitness guys. But because it was clear that I specialized in helping people like him accomplish the same goal. I was like that as an expert. So the fact that I demanded a premium seemed reasonable. So that's why I results are so important. But then you have to have the automation and the management of it. So I'm going to break down all of that at once. So here's how I teach my students how to do it now. It's a little different when I first started. It was more primitive. But now the first thing we do is we help our students set up their own app. So imagine we have your app and your clients can download it from the app store. Now here's the thing. You're going to come up with custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. Now you may be thinking man, it's going to take me a long time to do. Remember you got a niche. You help a certain kind of person with a certain kind of problem. So what's going to happen is people start to look similar. Even though it's custom, the workout plans and the diet plans will look similar. You just kind of alter them like this month. I got a bad back. He had a back yard of me right. So you got to instead of bent over rows. He's got to do seated row or something or he fuck his ankle up. He got his ankles broke on the basketball court. So now you got to put him on a leg press instead of having them doing lunges or some shit. Who know? It's going to be easy. If you got the first one because you can work off a template because you got to niche. Everybody's looking to say the niche solves almost all your problems. Same thing with the diet plan. You marketed a certain kind of diet and a certain kind of workout plan too. So now it should look similar because you said, hey, I'm going to give you this kind of workout plan. This is what I specialize in. I have specialized in this type of person. Where is this type of goal with this kind of program? So the fuck is she at all started looking the same after a while. And you alter it. You got one guy. He's allergic to peanuts or some shit. All right, man. You don't put peanut butter in his diet. You replace it with almond butter. This guy. He don't like fish. I mean, I fish his nasty to him. All right, cool man. You replaced it with some chicken. You have to make small alterations because the people look the same. It's another beauty in this. That makes it fast. Right. So my students after they had them. Then they first custom workout plans and first custom diet plans for people. Now they have a template and they just alter it for each person. And it takes them like five minutes to come over and custom workout plan and custom Dipland for people. Because remember, the same type of people would at the same type of goals. If we want to accomplish that goal the same kind of way you've been marketing. It should start being easy after a while to do this. Okay. But that's the thing. They can get a custom diet plan and a custom workout plan off of Chad G.P.T. They can do this right now or they can go read a book or magazine or watch some YouTube videos. But what the magazine will do, what the YouTube videos will do and what Chad G.P.T. won't do is make sure they do it. This is the main thing where selling is accountability. This is what they're really paying for because they can go get a workout plan anywhere. In fact, they've done it before. They get researched but they need someone to make sure they're doing it. They need to be held accountable. That's the main thing with selling because you know, every once in a while somebody says, man, you could just watch YouTube videos. And get another workout. Shut up, loser. Yeah, you can do that. But the YouTube video is not going to make sure you're up fat ass is eating right every day. And the YouTube video is not going to check your macros every day. The YouTube video is not going to keep you accountable. When you have someone keeping you accountable, you're more likely to do the damn thing. Anybody who's a personal trainer know that a lot of their clients just paid them for accountability. With online training, how do we do that? How do we keep them accountable? Well, that's where the app comes in because what that app, you give them the meal plan. You put it in the app. They get the custom workout plan from that and the custom diet plan. They can go and have them and they can see it. But then they have to input as they work out. They're putting it in the app. They're marking their reps in their sets. And as they're eating, they're tracking their diet in the app. Now, here's the thing. The app shows you. You can go in there and see your clients diet and it work out every day in real time. So my students can go on the app and the website version and see what all of their clients had for breakfast and dinner last night. See everyone's macros. See who hit their macros and who didn't. See who didn't eat enough. See who ate too much. See who kept the workout. And then what happens is you can hit them up like, hey, asshole, what happened? Or if you're a nicer person, you were like, hey, so you didn't work out, yes, anybody would happen. What's important is you want to train them with negative reinforcement and positive reinforcement. For example, the way they train dolphins is all positive reinforcement. You can't whip a dolphin if you start sucking up or another one thing. Right? They can't water. Whips don't work on the water. So they give them fish when they do some right. They catch them do some right. They get hit and man's a fish, right? Do that shit again. And then they get another fish. And then dolphins, I learned, oh, when I do this shit, I get fish. And they keep up in the ante to get to the point where dolphins start jumping out of water, jump into fire. I seen a dolphin jump through fire. Like it was all good for fish. Bro, boys. That's how powerful positive reinforcement is. So when you catch your clients doing something right, then you say, hey, man, you're a good job on him. You're macros yesterday. Let's keep that up today. Oh, great job on keeping your on a workout yesterday. Keep it up. So you want to give him positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement. That's accountability because they get trained to do the things. It's correct. When there were like no apps and I was doing online training, I was using like Google Docs. And shit, but I can still see in real time, I'll tell my clients, hey, I want you to mark what you ate in this Google She everyday. And then I had formulas and stuff. So to break down their fats, protein, carbohydrates, formulas and a spreadsheet. And I can see every day what I noticed was when I was tracking their diet in real time, making sure they hit their diet. And they got better results than my in person clients. Because the in person trainer, he's not doing that everyday. He can't tell you his clients macros every day. He can't tell you his clients caloric intake every day. But he has the thing, that's the most important part because in person training, we put all the emphasis on the actual training and only a little bit of emphasis on the diet. But what's more important? The diet of the training, the diet of the sport. You can't out train a bad diet, but you can't out diet bad training. So when people hear about online training like what about correcting the food, what about correcting my client's form? You'll shut up, man. As long as they do that shit halfway, decent, they'll be high. You take any ass hole off the street. You say, man, just do push-ups and pull-ups. You know, getting some kind of shape. If it's diet is right. It's different if you're training pro athletes. Like, I've trained pro athletes. We got to be more sophisticated. It's different if you're trading people who want to be pro bodybuilders. You got to be more sophisticated. But if you're just training regular guys and girls, which you are, less than 1% of the population are pro athletes. Chill out. With online training, we flipped this. And now we're putting most of the emphasis on the actual diet. You're going to make sure they do the training, but the form is not perfect. We're not going to fucking lose our shit about it. If form is a huge concern of yours, then you know, you could have your clients record some of the form you can correct it. And you could have videos and stuff in the app to show them correct form. The diet is the most important. You've seen guys in the gym every fucking day, sweating like a horror and church. Really trained and hard. Well, fuck, look at the same after a year. Why? Because it's diet. I've worked in some of the vegetarians in America. And I've seen fat or robes in the structure. This motherfuckers job was cardio. Quite literally. His job was cardio, but he's still fat and never lost weight. Why? Because you can't out train a bad diet. But you can't out diet bad training. In fact, I've helped people lose weight without doing any training at all. We just focus on the diet. Like big old beast motherfuckers. One of them will tell you to run a mile. 300 pounds. Yeah, man. I want you to run a mile today, man. Fuck up his ankles, man. But we focus on the diet. The gutters wait to some more manageable. This same guy lost 75 pounds, 75 days without working out. We just put him in a deep, caloric deficit. But we had to track that. For it to happen. This is why I truly believe online training is a better product for your clients than in person training because of this. And even if you do in person training, you need a way to incorporate this to your in person clients. If you care about getting them in great results, you have to track the diet. Unless, of course, you don't want them to get results. Because there's some trainers who have nefarious intentions. You ever see the trainers parade in their client around the gym. And he's doing goofy ass exercise. Those are something that you see him doing. One arm cable rolls on a stability ball. Why is he doing on his wacky shit? Because that's his retention mechanism to confuse them. He feels like, oh, this guy doesn't believe he can do it without me then I can retain them. And it's true, I guess. But you could retain them with accountability too. Because he knows he's not going to track his diet on his own. And he's like, keep your clients by getting them results. But what you get these results is going to help you with your marketing. Because then you could just market their results. It's going to help you with your sales. You're trying to accomplish this goal. Here's 50 other people just like you will help accomplish that. And it becomes a snowball effect. And it helps you retain your clients too because they add accountability. And especially if you're positively green and forcing that accountability, then they start to just like the dolphins, they get to the point where they start to enjoy eating right. But they're not going to do it out to you. And if they do leave, you got to have great results. Cool. Fine. It'll be easier to get new clients because you got them great results. Now you got to test them only. This is the best way. So even if an in person trainer, you need to incorporate at least this part of it into your training. In fact, we've had some students who were Jim owners who joined my HTT program and all we had to do was add this to their clients like upsell to their current clients. The current members. And these guys started immediately starting making an extra $100,000 a month. And because their clients knew they needed it. And then the whole gym started making more money because they started getting better with your results and they can market those results to the gym. Everybody wins when your clients win. This is a guy said, if you want to know more about this, I got a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. The link is in the description and check it out, man. You could learn more about it. You could also see some case studies. A lot of my students had no experience. Some of them had a lot of experience. Some of them had no experience. Some of them were certified. Some of them had big following. Some of them had no following. Like almost zero following. The one guy had 100 followers on Instagram. And he's followed the tactics that I laid out in my program. He started making over $10,000 a month. It takes a lot of work. It's not a gear rich quick scheme on beyond. It's what you really have to care about helping people accomplish their goals. You have to love fitness. You have to really help them. And this is the only way to help them is with the accountability. Selling them an ebook. They're not going to read that shit. Most people buy ebooks don't read them. Actually coaching them will help them accomplish their goals more than anything. And in fact, here's a study from Duke University. And it just showed that people when they tracked their diet. Even if they weren't given a specific diet plan, just told the track what they eat. These people lost weight. They had these people tracked their diet for three months. This blue line to people who also had a coach, but they still continue to lose weight because they built better habits because they had what they had that accountability. They had that positive reinforcement. And they built what habits. This is the best way to help people. And this is Duke University saying, oh, you have to do a track your diet. You don't even have to be a great trainer. Because we're really selling accountability. This why you can do it without experience. Now I show my students how to give good diet plans in good workout plans. But this study shows that the plan doesn't even have to be good. It just shows that they have to have a plan and they'll lose weight. But they'll lose weight and keep it off if they have somebody bringing force in that plan. If you want to learn more about how to grow this business and actually help people come to their goals because there's no better feeling than that. Helping people lose weight. That's how I got into it. I got addicted to that. It changes people's personality. It's very fulfilling. But you can make a lot of money. If you want to learn more about that, I have a free book of the Tech Mams of Online Training, Link in the description. Check that out.

=== FILE: How To Make So Much FAST MONEY It Feels ILLEGAL [6iazFxhRDYg].txt ===

In this video, I want to show you how to make so much fast money that it feels illegal. So this is for anybody who has a business, who's wants to start a business, or if you want to take your business to the next level, this may be the most important video you ever watch when it comes to the acquisition of capital. I'm well suited to tell you how to get a shit load of money because over the last two decades, I've made multiple shit loads of money. I built several eight figure businesses. I'm going to walk you down the path to how you can replicate that success in your life. The first thing you need to think about when it comes to making money is what are you going to sell? There's a few ways to think about this. There's pretty much four categories of products or services. They fall on different access. You have your cheap stuff, right? You're expensive stuff. And you also have stuff that people like need. They have to have it. You got to have it. It's about need and you have stuff that people don't need. They still might want it, but they don't need it. And these are your four quadrants. Every product or service fits into one of these four quadrants. And there's pros and cons of each quadrant. We're going to go over. Right? But you have to pick a product or service that you're going to sell to people. And I think you should think about these quadrants first. Because a lot of times people just want to sell something they have. What they think is a good idea they just want to sell it. But you need to understand what quadrant your product or service fits in. And then you need to know why people buy certain things in that quadrant. Well, when it comes to stuff that people don't need, but it's also cheap, these can be classified as trinkets. That's what I like to call them. These are like knick knacks. These are trinkets. These are like, you know, remember people selling those hoverboards back in the day, you know, fidget spinners, you know bullshit. Type of a situation by an airport. Then you have stuff that people need, but it's also cheap. Right? These are the odorants, toothpaste, condoms. These are commodities. You got to have them, but they're not very expensive. Then you have stuff that people need. It is expensive. This is like your homes. Sometimes it's a car depending on where you live or a girlfriend. Right? These are things that are, you got to have, but they're expensive. Right? And these are necessities. Then you have stuff that's expensive that people don't need. And these are things like fucking Richard Mills, diamond chains, cardiac bracelets. Right? These are luxuries. All right. Luxuries. Everything fits in one of these four categories. Now we got to look at this psychology behind each of these quadrants. Why the hell? With somebody buy something cheap that they don't need. Well, this is usually they're buying on impulse. Impulse. They're buying on impulse, right? You see an ad for and some shit that a stick you phone to a window and you can record yourself and you fucking buy it off TikTok shot. Some holes going live with some fucking crazy steamer that she can fit in her suitcase and you buy it off TikTok shot or shit like that. Right? This is like all drop shipping products bullshit. You know, but you might catch them off a fucker when he's lacking on impulse and then he buys this shit. Right? Commodities. Why does somebody buy a commodity? What's the part? Well, we already know they need it, but there's something else goes into it. This is typically off price. They're buying it off price. necessities, something that someone needs and expensive. They're just going to buy off their needs. It's in it. Dr. Say you need a Becky out of me. Then you got to get it back. Yeah, the me bro. What the fuck? You're just going to do it. You need a place to live to protect yourself. You and your family from the element. So you're going to get yourself a house. You're going to buy a based off needs. Now, you're just interesting. Why the fuck was somebody buy something up expensive today? Don't need like what the fuck? Why would a human being behave like that? What they do it for status. And status is actually a super powerful driver. It drives a lot of human behavior. Right? Just a great book. I read a year or two ago called the status game. And he explained it, a lot of human behavior is based off status. Now, if you're somebody who's thinking, man, I don't make decisions based off status. I would never do none of status. If you can pale to say that, especially if you say it all out loud, then that itself is a status game. There's different status games. It's not all flexing. If you were one of people who's compelled to say, I don't make decisions based off status. And you want to tell people about that you're playing a different status game. You're saying, oh, I'm better than those people who buy all the bullshit. You know, saying, or some people they get status from their kids, right? They send their kids to the best schools and they make their kids, you know, win all the stuff. And that's a form of status because now they seem superior as a parent. Status is a huge driver in humans. Like, obviously, in this tons of studies to support this. And basically, if you read any of Dr. David Buses work on human evolution, he shows that humans have a need, a desire to reach for status in whatever capacity. Because historically, as far as human history is concerned, humans with the most status had higher likelihoods of passing their genes down and mating with better partners. So it's actually a survival mechanism for the species. Two high status people get together and then they mate. Their offspring has a better chance of surviving and thriving because of their parent status. You see this all the time, right? This is not a new phenomenon. This is you can trace this all the way back to human history. If you're watching this from England, you're fucking king is a direct beneficiary of his parent status. And his grandparents status, right? This has happened all throughout human history. If you're in India, I ain't got to tell you motherfuckers about the caste system. Nemo's from Iran, the Middle East. And he had to immigrate here because he did not inherit a oil field like the Prince. We have evolutionary need for status, right? But that's how you sell luxuries. We're again, this video's about making money fast. So fast that it feels illegal. So what we don't want to do is try to make money based off impulse, right? You can do it, but you have to have a lot of skill. Personally, if we want to make money fast, it's easier to sell expensive stuff. Because if you try to sell trinkets, first of all, people don't need it and it's cheap, right? So they don't need it. And because it's cheap, it has low margins, meaning the profit will be low. So you have to sell a lot of this shit that people don't need. Can you see how that might be difficult? You have to sell a ton of shit that people don't need for it to be profitable. That's going to be difficult. Let's move on to commodities. Stuff that people need. All right, you're on the right track. However, the people make decision almost 100% based off price. And the problem with when you enter a market where there's a race to the bottom, problem when being in a race to the bottom is that you might fucking win. So the only way they compete in this arena is to keep lowering your price. But then you fuck with your profits and you have to keep selling more and more and more and more and more. And at lower margins, now big companies can do this. Proctor and gamble can sell you the other for $2. Because they make so much of it that they can get it at scale. They can spend billions of dollars on producing, so they can buy it or they can buy the products and the ingredients to shit for cheap. It sounds so much of it that even though it's low margins, they can still make enough money. Now in the sensities, it sounds good. It's expensive and people need it. Well, this is a good market to be in. Right? I'm going to be honest. Oh, you're deducting your selling surgeries. You're going to you're going to do all right. People need a hard surgeon. They're going to come to you. The problem is you need a tremendous amount of scale. If it's a really make money in this arena. You have to do it at scale. If they're just going to have needs, there's a lot of competition in this quadrient. However, the luxury is this is what things get interesting. Because now we're not selling what they need. We're not selling off price. We're not selling all impulse. We're selling all status. So what we need to do is find a way to make our products raise the status of the owner in the different ways. Right? So for example, a car is a necessity, but a Lamborghini is luxury. What's the difference? Well, yeah, a Lamborghini, I guess it's better, but it's like you can't drive top speed. Like legally, but it's going to raise your status. That's how they turned the necessity into a luxury. I make sure it raised the status. You can do a commodities too. I have a $20 dollar toothbrush. Those are the things that was happening in the mid 2000s where for some reason all the dentists that were popping up was hiring chicks that looked like bottle girls. They had like bad bitches at the fucking dentist. It leased in New York. And they had these fucking Dominican chicks walking with my teeth and then they came out and they sold me. It was like five six bad Dominican chicks coming out selling me. So you should get this all this shit. I was like, yeah, it made sense to buy the fucking toothbrush. And you can even make a drink at a luxury if there's like limited supply. It is worth more. Do you think about like rare baseball cards or Pokemon cards? You know, I'm like a tarp. This is a guitar pedal called the Clons in tar. And you should just be pretty cheap, man, but they stop making it. The guy is stop making it. And now they go for like five six thousand dollars. We're a guitar pedal, which is insane. But the reason we want to sell in this category is because the margins are high. People make decisions based off emotions. And people would do so much for status, man. People will all pay for status. If you don't believe it, there's a reason you're not wearing the fucking cheap shit in the world. Even if you're not out here flexing on people, the reason you don't have the bullshit. Even though it's good, Walmart sneakers is because you know that's going to lower your status. This is where we want to be, especially to make money fast. Whatever product or service we have, we need to position it as a luxury item. And that way we'll have higher margins. And it'll be easier to sell because people will do more for status than they will and eat these other things. That's just the very first thing you need to do to make more money. Now the next thing we need to do is define our niche because we don't want to be all things to everyone. It would be what I mean. So when I think of niche, I think about who who you're marketing into, who's your target market, what problem are you going to solve for them? And how are you going to solve that problem? And this is what's going to make you stand out. There's a lot of times people will say something, I'm in a crowded market. I'm in a crowded market. It's the way you do that. You stand up by having the niche and this how you make yourself stand out within a crowded market. So for example, when I first started becoming an online trainer, first I made it, I made it a luxury, my online training. And this is what I teach my students to. I made it a luxury. Why? Because well, I can only have so many clients at once, right? I was one of the best and I wouldn't work with just anybody. Having the niche helped me turn my online training into a luxury, but it also helps you stand out. So think about how many trainers they're online. All trainers. Right? Just probably millions. And I don't even want to compete with all these motherfuckers. And you don't have to. This how you stand out. So when I first started my online training, I said, I'm only going to focus on men, Paul's, no diddy. And then not all men, young men, no drizzy, men age. It was around at the time it was probably like 20 to 30 years when I first started. So let's think about this. Right? Already I'm not competing with all trainers, right? Because I'm only focusing on men. Already I'm standing out a little bit, right? But it's not even all men. It's only young men. Right? So that's like a small, a smaller segment is population. Right? So now I'm already standing out. Now check this out. What problem did I want to solve for them? Now remember, business is all problem solving. I focused on helping young men get ripped. And I use their language. I know as a trainer to get ripped means they want to be muscular with low body fat. I was excluding, remember, do you, where you make some premium is you have this exclusivity, right? So that means you actually have to exclude people, right? I was student most humans. And then even within that group of small group we hung is their relief. It was only people at this go. I didn't train. I wasn't helping anybody with every go. I wasn't focused on people who was a marketing to people who are obese. I wasn't marketing and people who need lose a hundred pounds. Men who wanted to be fucking pro athletes. I wasn't marketing to people who wanted to live longer or even be healthy. Right? It was one go get ripped. Now why is that important? Because you got to think why? This is my fucking one to get ripped. Can you guess why a young man wants to get ripped? Girls. I'm 100%. So cool. Now I know his why. So all my marketing revolved around showing men, young men that if they get ripped they'll get girls. And what does that do for them? Right? Yeah, they get girls. But it also what improves their status. If you see a guy with a high girlfriend or if you say oh this guy gets a lot of girls, a young guy, it probably raises the status. One of my primary lead acquisition channels was YouTube back then. You got familiar YouTube. If I go to Otis, it was good. You see I'm getting ripped. When I started to figure out let's go to popular. The one thing I did is girls. Right? Boom. The ain't getting ripped. You feel me girls audits shit. Right? These old ads videos. You know? And that was my focus. Even in like this video, just my most my video with the most views 10 million views is a girl in there. Even though I wasn't marketing in the girls. That was for y'all or this one right here. Maybe it's going to go this one. Is a girl in there, right? She wasn't it was for girls. I wasn't trying to get girls. It was hot to hide me. For y'all. So it's like a subconscious marketing. The same way you might see a perfume ad or a colon ad and it's a guy looking cool with some chicks around and we're something. It's the same kind of concept. So then I said how am I going to get ripped? So back in the days it was inter manifesting in hit cardio. That was one of my methods. Like initially when I very first started inter manifesting a hit cardio. Now think about this. How many trainers are there who are focused on helping men age young men get ripped with inter manifesting hit cardio. Back in the days it was almost none. And then as I got older I changed my methods and I changed my target market. I changed it like it went up a little bit as I got older 25 to 35. I kept the same the same ship but it changed to keto when I went keto and bodybuilding. Like bodybuilding style training with the keto diet. How many keto bodybuilders are there almost none? So who am I competing with? This is how you stand out. Not only did I make it a luxury because I'm not working with everybody. I'm only focused on a certain amount of person. It also just how I was able to stand out by narrowing my market because when I'm man aged 25 to 35, I wanted to get ripped. And wanted to get ripped for girls and he wanted to do with keto and bodybuilding. Who else was he going to go to at the time? He couldn't price up because it wasn't no one else. So I can actually charge more. I can charge a premium. It was exclusive and it scares me because I can only work with so many people. Then boom, I turned what's more of a commodity personal training into a luxury. If you want to learn more about this, I got a free ebook off the 10th of May of the most of all not training. It's show you how to grow your own. I think this business is some of your into the link is in description. It's free and it gives you a lot of gain. This will work for any industry. When I met my videographer, Nima, he didn't want to do a video editing for anyone. He was doing video editing for business owners in Miami. That was me. I heard that that's exactly what I'm looking for. I was looking for any ovidity. I was looking for him exactly. I didn't fucking have a with them. I said, oh, that's you. You're good. Let's go. We're working for three years. That's how you stand out. Some people may think, man, especially trainers, they say, like, man, I can train anyone. You can train anyone which you can't market anymore. For example, this is the ordering called secret secret deodorant balance minerals. Or it's a clear bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble. You can look at all of a sudden. Then there's another deodorant called bold spice. Now if you just look at it, just look at it, just look at this and then look at this. Which one do you think is for women and which one do you think is for men? I'm going to give you a hint. It's the one with a fucking bear bite into the name. That was proudly for me. These are made by the same fucking company, product or gamble. But they know that they can't make it the odourant that markets to men and women because nobody would give a fuck about it. And they know that they had to create a whole different brand for women and a whole different brand for men. Even though men's and women's armpits are largely similar, there was also a supplement line that came out years ago and it was called women's best. And women's best, they can't sublimit. Right. What's the difference between women creating and men creating? Fucking nothing. But you can't market this shit. The market is different. For men's creating, it's not gonna pick this color. You're not gonna pick this name. You're gonna get advertised. It's not gonna be different. You probably gonna have a rip the guy, drinking the shit. But women's creating and mink creating is the same. Creating my under is the same. There is no difference. They were able to build a multi-million dollar brand by taking the same shit and just marketing it to women. That's how they stood out in a super crowded competitive industry, which is the supplement becoming, that's the only market it to women. So you gotta find your target market. All right. It's difficult to market everything to everyone. If you do that, then you come out to tell yourself McDonald's, they market to everyone. Everyone there. It's a commodity. Coca-Cola, they don't market to everyone in every demographic. Luggy, re-idems do not market to everyone. It becomes exclusive. It's very important. And it's very important that you only sell the why. People do not buy features. So you gotta understand the difference between features and benefits. A feature of this liquid death water is that it's in a fucking can. The benefit is it stays colder. It has a better taste because it's not in plastic and I won't get as many micro plastics in me all that. Those are the benefits. But the features are is is fucking spring water in a can. What a mistake a lot of marketers make is they try to sell the fucking features. But people don't buy features. They buy benefits. For example, this iPad, I don't just iPad that I'm drawing on right here. The benchmark to CPU the GPU all the other shit inside of it. Listen man, what's it going to do for me? Not all the features that it has. What the fuck is going to do for me? And I think a big mistake I see a lot of rookie marketers make is they focus on the features. But people don't give a fuck about the features. They only care about the benefits and the benefits have to relate to their why. Are your marketing is going to be built around their why? Now the next thing you need to do is figure out what your sales mechanism is going to be. What I mean by this is how exactly are you going to get clients? When I was in business school taught us something called the customer journey. Then there's a lot of different ways you can get a customer to the sale. So when I first started my online training business, this was the customer journey. Social media, boom, and then DMs, boom, and that's how I made the sale. That's one customer journey. When I had my supplement line, what we did was initially it was social media and it was straight to the website, which is a Shopify site at the time, boom, and then they would buy from there. So I see some people who don't use social media all the time at all. They just they go ads. You can go ad straight to your website, boom sales or ads to call sales call or boom and then make the sale. So there's a lot of different paths that the customer going to take. These are called, these are different Jeremy's customer journeys. Right? Pick the one that you feel like is going to work the best for you. I've seen people who start with their business, they just start it with ads straight to a website, boom sales. I've seen people do ads straight to sales call sales. I've seen also seen ads, boom, to what's called a lead magnet. You give them something for free, right? Boom, then they're on an email list and then from there. Maybe you can go to a sales call and then you make the sale. Try everything to find the customer journey. Just going to work best for you. But the mechanism, how how you sell your product service is going to depend a little bit on the price. There's different things to pin or what you're selling. Right? So you could just have website or you could take it to sales call, my be Zoom or on the phone. You can do live event. These is like a live event in person or a webinar. These are different sales mechanisms or one on one, one on one sales. One on one in person. Right? Now typically the more expensive something is the higher you have to go up. So cheap shit. Let's call it $1 to $1,000. Now $1,000 is like the top end for this shit because how often have you just went to clicked on a link went to a website and it's been $1,000. It happens sometimes. But it depends. One to 10. There's called it one to 10k. All right, boom, that's typically sales call. 10k to 25k. Typically, this happens at live events. One on one, you might have to travel to the motherfucker. Like 25k enough. These are just like round estimates. It can all change depending on what your credibility. Credibility is changed. So the more credibility you have in the marketplace, the more you can charge at a lower level. At a lower level of the pyramid. For example, if the rocks sit announced today, right? He has millions of followers and he said, boom, yo, I'm doing I'm gonna do online training 25k for six months. Hit the link in my bio. He could sell that. He's the rockist set because he has way more credibility than an end and guess what? Well, we talked about earlier. If the rock is your trainer, it raises your status. Who has more status? The guy says, oh man, my guy. My trainer's just some fucking guy from crutch. Or the my, someone says, me, oh my trainer is the rock. All right, who has more status? And people will pay for more status. We talked about that earlier. So depending on what you're crediting, how much credibility you have. And the credibility depends on how far up a discill you can go, right? So credibility changes. This is average. He rocked out so much credibility. This motherfucker launched the shampoo. He even got hair. This motherfucker, he had the nerve to put himself in the ad for shit. What the fuck? The only hairy guy is eyebrows. This is astonishing. Like if you got, I'll tell you, credibility changes the whole game. Let's assume you have very little credibility, right? And people do your website. But you can still gotta figure out what the customer journey is gonna be. All right, yeah, you're gonna run ads. You're gonna mess social media, presence, you know, you're gonna ads to a lead man, right? And then sell him your email, warm him up. You gotta figure out what the customer journey in the sales making them. Once you have that master go all in on it, go all in. You only need one sales mechanism to get to a million dollars a year. All right, you only need one sales mechanism. One million dollars a year. That's like, okay man, you end the game. Like you're really in the game. You really do when you're shit. Now it's still a bigger accomplishment. I don't want to minimize it. Right? But it's just, it's just to start like you end the game. You make it a million dollars. You end the game, man. But it's still just to be getting, right? But I don't want to minimize it because only a 5% of businesses get to a million dollars a year. But now you want to scale the multi-million's. What we have to do is we have to understand the scaling formula. I made it up just right before I said it. Who are you? All it is is call to the acquisition, the cat, like how much it calls for you to acquire a customer? Verse lifetime value. How much a customer's worth over the lifetime of their interaction with you when you're business, right? But it's sometimes called cat. All right, cost to acquire a customer or lights at the first lifetime value. This is the whole game. If you ever watch, Shark Tank is they always ask, when they're interested, how much is it cost you to acquire a customer? What's your cost of acquisition? You got to figure that out. And if you're doing all social media, maybe it's free, right? But it's difficult to get to over million dollars a year without implementing some ads at some point. So you figure out how much it costs you to acquire a customer and then you find out how much the average customer spins with you during the lifetime of them being the lifetime of their interaction with the business. And the key is the key is we want to lower cost of acquisition and we want to increase lifetime value. Loring cost of acquisition this comes from basically split testing ads, web pages, websites, landing pages, ad copy, and improving offer. Like the more you can improve your offer or even you might want to split sales mechanisms, different sales mechanisms. You have to start testing. Is it more profitable to go straight from the ads to the website? Or is it more profitable to go to the ads with sales call? Or is it more profitable to go ads to a lead magnet, get them on email, list, warm them up and then sell them. You're not to split, you're going to start testing these things, right? If you're not testing your guests and one of these little things can dramatically decrease your cost of acquisition. And for increasing lifetime value is a few things you can do one. You can sell more things to existing customers. These are called up sales. Like if you go to McDonald's, you ask just for the burger. They say you want the meal. She's not doing that because she's trying to help you. She's trying to do that. To increase your average order value. Sell more people. These are up sales. You can do cross sales. So a cross sales, something like let's say Neema, he's a video editor. He's working with somebody a business owner and helping to make videos, right? But his home is a copywriter. He can refer into someone else. He can refer him to his copywriter and maybe he can get a commission off of that. Now he's double dipping in the customer. You can also increase purchase frequency. Especially if you have something consumable, you can offer discounts with him to buy more more frequently. And these are these are a few of the things you can do to make more money off each customer. And this increases your lifetime value, which makes your ads more profitable. It makes all your marketing more profitable because now you're making more money off each customer. And if you lower the cost of acquisition, then that's that equals profit. When, when thing you can do, there's really helpful is increase the speed of purchase. The faster you can increase the lifetime value, the more money you can make. So hopefully I can articulate this right. Let's say the LTV of a customer is $10,000. And the cost of acquisition costs you $5,000 to get a new customer. Let's just, let me just say, oh man, $5,000. This makes this is $5,000 profit. But what if it takes you fucking 10 years? What if it takes you 10 years to realize this $10,000, right? Would you have to pay this upfront? Now you're in the red. You're going to be in that unit red. But if you can increase the speed that you get to this $10,000, you can be more profitable sooner. It's something I call, I never heard of him say this, but I call this income velocity. And I think about this all the time. This is something I think is not just about how much money you make is how fast you can make the money. When what time frame you take to make the money, the higher income velocity, the more profit you can be. Because you gotta remember, just think about your own life. You got bills every month, phone bill, rental or mortgage, electricity. Did you gotta pay every month? You got bills every month. And if you want to be profitable, you have to outpace the bills every month. You have to make more money than your spending every month for each month to be profitable. If somebody said, oh, I made a million dollars, if they did it in a month, that's fucking amazing. If it took 10 years, that's fucking regular, that's nothing. So the velocity really matters. So we want to increase the velocity of the lifetime value. Because 10 years might not be enough. However, the longer you can wait to you need to get paid the more money you can make. This is something that was talked to me, but one of my mentors, let's say you run ads. You're in ads. You spend a lot of money to get a customer and you'll spot $1,000 to be customer. The sooner you need to make this money back, the more danger you're in as an entrepreneur. If you got a big of a money surplus, where you don't need to make that money back for a year, then you can just keep spending money for a year. As long as you know you're going to make it. These are just things you have to think about. You have to think about not needing it right away, but you also need to think about increase in the velocity. So you'll be more profitable sooner. Because then you can keep flipping the money. If we take this from 10 years to one year, boom, then we can flip this money every year. But if we can only flip it every 10 years, we'll probably go out of business unless we have a huge surplus of money. So you want to really increase the velocity of the income. And the main way to do that is the same stuff we talked about, we're increasing the customer value. But as soon as you get a customer, you need this, you need to have up sales and cross sales ready. This is at the $1,000 market. And you need to have a mechanism to increase the frequency. Like immediately. Soon as you get a customer, you need to think of other shit. If you're online trainer, maybe you get yourself a motherfucking affiliate code with a supplement line. That's what I did. I had affiliate codes with supplement lines. When I first started, boom, and I said, yo, man, I hit your workout plan, bro, you need to supplement it, too. I'm immediately trying to increase the lifetime value. And that's why I started my supplement line when I was online trainer, because I needed to really increase that lifetime value. So I was even more profitable. So my whole supplement line initially was just to have something to sell to my existing clients. But first, the first was cross sales with other other shit. And then I made my own products. And then it was up sales. And then you got to fairway increase the frequency. So this is why companies will give you discounts if you buy more of the shit. Because they want to increase the income velocity. Because they want to be profitable sooner so they can keep flipping the money. If you can implement all these tactics and you can make money, you can start making money super fast. I know I probably threw a lot out of it at you. But this might be a video you have to watch again. Listen, if you want to learn how to start your online fitness business, I've taught over 15,000 people how to grow online fitness businesses successful. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training, the link is in the description. It's show you how to grow your online fitness business, even if you don't have a big volume. Even if you're not certified, even if you have a lot of experience, it gives you the game plan, all how to do it. It's free, leave the description. All right.

=== FILE: How To Overcome The Fear of Public Speaking [Justin Waller] [dGb3DdNirp0].txt ===

The world is nothing more than people walking to rooms and talking. It's people walking to their own city and what those words do and regards to impacting someone emotionally, spiritually, makes them want to move, gives them hope they believe they go to the phone. Come on. It's funny because most people I met Louisiana don't speak as eloquently as you. Come on, we're going to be real real real real real real real real real real real real. I'm not saying it's not in there somewhere. They sound like, with the King of the Hill, you're just going to have a ride amount of blood light in country music. I can get there. I've always had a kind of a way of words. No, it was a kind of famous in high school. You know what, eight miles came out? Yeah. So we saw a freestyle rap. I was like, yeah, he ain't got that shit. I'll fuck people. Is that right? I'll ball locker room. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll never come out of me again, but I've always been in the fine words. Yeah, very well and placed them. But also I think that the more you read, the more you're easier that gets. You have more things to say. Right. You have more things to say. You were educated on more topics. You know, I spent two hours a day reading or studying. Come on, man. Doing podcast is much like reaching into a bucket, pulling out any topic and needing to not only be able to freestyle on said topic. Yup. But have an opinion that is no one correct and with conviction that you'll stand by. Before I go on any podcast, you know, little way song, best rapper alive. Yeah. I threw my head once or twice. Bring that swag on. Come on, love low name. Oh, yeah. It's from Louisiana. Yeah, New Orleans. Yeah. So I think reading helps a lot. Undoubtably. Yes. You have to end up in the 100%. It's not just your words. It's the cadence. It's the tone. It's the delivery. Yeah. It's the pauses that I think are really important to think about as well. But nothing for more. Most courses or classes on speaking. Like I took a speech class in college, they can only tell you how not to suck. They don't tell you how to be good. They can't give you the it factor. Yeah. And they can tell you how to maybe use less filler words or write not say um like as much. To be good. You got to have a dictionary. You got to have some. You got to have some. You got to be able to bring something. You know what I used to do is I would study speakers who I thought spoke well. Some of the best pauses because I saw were like preachers. Yeah. Yeah. It's true because I got that whole list. Yeah. And you got to think they don't public speaking. They are every Sunday sometimes more services. Yeah. So they get they get more practice than average speakers. And I was studying them and then I came across this one. He didn't he wasn't a preacher or Reverend. But he had a similar cadence and he was less brown. And I was studying less brown and try to mimic his cadence as a nice sense. And the ones I said next to less on the plane I was flying. I was in first class and I was flying to Atlanta from here. I said next to him. He knew I was like, bro, I used to fucking I studied you. So I think if you want to get better to find someone to mimic. And not still you're going to do it your own way. Learn from him. You know, I think a thousand percent. I mean, another thing I'd say about those preachers are also selling. Oh, they're selling for other not only using it to get their message across. They're also selling to you. So by listening to the points that they make and how they conclude into the. And if you get this one, 800 number now. Come on. Jesus gave when he didn't have anything. He gave. So yeah, you know, hate them or love them. You got to respect these televangeless. Oh, man, the tele I was thinking about them. I was so about like, when I was going to shut down my mind. But those guys. Yeah, yeah. Like those guys, that's big business man. Big business. Big sales teams. Big or constrated, you know, thing like whether you think what they're doing is good or not, can't hate the hustle man. Yeah, just something to learn from every. Yeah, if something to learn, I definitely think that preachers will be a great place to look. If you're looking to learn how to speak publicly. Which is oh, and or stand up comedians. Yeah, timing. I've always been amazed by stand up comedians. So, you know, I live in the next arena. And we saw a Drake there and I saw Kevin Hart there. Now, Drake needed all this fucking shit to enter in everybody. Yeah, to have his hits. He had music playing, light shows, all the stuff. Any entertain the whole crowd. Heavenheart, when they entertain the whole saying amount of people would just words. I think about like, I'm thinking about Beyonce, right? But Beyonce, she's got it shows. Back at the end of his changing clothes, flying over the crowd. But then, you know, Dave Chappelle, get entertained to save him out of people. Just talking. You know, and I always think that's so amazing. And I think it takes a whole lot more work. Yeah, because you have to relate to somebody on a very granular level. Yeah. Because what makes things funny is a truth. Especially the more famous you get. Because let's say Kevin Hart, he's more and more famous every year. But he still has to bring himself to a place where he can understand a normal person's like funny things that happen. You know, that humanize him in a way that he can relate to these people. Yeah. It's a hell of a talent man. Yeah. You can speak. You can really change things. Like, you know, that's how our boy take guy. So famous he wants to do it. What is it? What is it? What is it? The world is nothing more than people walking to rooms and talking. And he's right. Yeah. Whether it's Trump standing up at a debate, dude. It's people walking the room. Same words. And what those words do in regards to impacting someone emotionally, spiritually, makes them want to move, gives them hope they believe they go folk. And we turn this bitch around. Let's go. Let's get it.

=== FILE: How To Price Your Services To Make MONEY For Online Fitness Trainers [QUNxA4m1wGk].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna break down how you should price your services as an online fitness trainer. I made my first mailing as an online trainer. I was one of the first people to do online training back in 2009, 2010. All of us who were doing online training around that time, we were the pioneers. We had to invent it. There was no one on YouTube teaching it. That's why I'm making some of these videos to help you guys do it. And over the last few years, I've helped over 15,000 people start successful online fitness businesses. And we've learned a lot. And here is the best price in structure we have found after training 15,000 students. Me making millions and my students making tons of money as well. Here's the thing. First of all, if you're first starting, a good goal to have is $10,000 a month. Most people can quit their jobs in the office or in the gym. And they can do this full time on 10k a month. I remember that was a milestone. I was really eager to hit initially. $10,000 a month. Now here's the thing. A lot of times people will want to sell courses. The average course is about $50. There's some people who charge more, some people who charge less, but about $50. How many courses would you have to sell a month to make $10,000? You have to sell 200. That's a daunting task. 200 courses. Okay. All right. Maybe some people want to sell ebooks. Maybe I'll just sell my ebook. Or if you sell ebooks, the average ebook is $10. There's a problem people know is less, but the average shit, man. You have to sell 1,000 ebooks to make $10,000. So most of y'all have never sold 200 of anything online. Let alone 2,000 of anything online. It's going to be difficult unless you have millions of followers or hundreds of thousands of followers. It's going to be difficult to accomplish that. However, online training, we have a different pricing structure. This is why we don't want to sell courses. We don't want to sell ebooks. We want online training. There's a few different pricing structures. So if you're selling online training, 16 weeks online training, you want to sell for $9.97. All right, let's call it $1,000. It's just simple math. This is the lowest you should sell it for. Are you going to sell it for more? No lower than this. 16 weeks, $1,000. Or you could sell monthly at easy math, $300 a month. Or weekly to sell that $80 a week. Here's why this is so powerful. Because online training, this is recurring. People can quit anytime. However, we teach us to do this. How do you get retained? People from multiple 16 weeks. All of this is recurring. Of course they can cancel, but this is recurring. It's hard to do a recurring course. I guess as a fucking trainer, you're not going to have a fucking school course. The people are going to bet you fucking $50 a month. It's more difficult than this. But online training, boom, we only need fucking 10 clients. 10 clients a month. Right? And then they're recurring. But as of the fourth month, you'll have 10,000 every month. Because the new people were reoccurred. So now we just needed what's that 40 clients. That's way easier than 200 or 1,000. With the courses in ebooks, because it's not going to agree occurring, you got to sell the 200 new people every month. Or if you're doing ebooks, 1,000 new people every month. This is recurring. This is a better business model. Every time you make a sale, we're online training. You give yourself a raise. Here you just make a sale. Now you may be thinking, who's going to pay this much? But more you buy upfront, the cheaper it gets per week. So this is actually the most expensive one. We can leave for $80. You may be thinking, who's going to pay $80 a week for online training? People are doing it all the time. And the beauty of it is it's actually cheaper than in the gym. What's going to get people to most results? Is it going to be working out or is going to be died? Die. You can't out train a bad diet, but you can't out die a bad training. And I remember when I was a trainer in the gym, I would just think, man, how are going to people are going to shape? I give them the diet plan, but I can make sure they follow it. So here's what we're going to do. You're going to make them a custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. They're going to do it all everything on their own. You're not going to be doing Zoom workout with these motherfuckers. Right. I've been the gym in my building and I'll see some guy working out with this trainer on face hours of shit. I'm just glad what are you guys doing. He's going to do this shit on his own. He's going to be on a log. I teach my students have to set it up in the app, but you can set up something real simple with just Google Docs. Make it spreadsheet. Is your workout log your workout every day and log your diet every day? If you want to keep it super simple, just have them track. Just give them the macros and tell them to send you a fucking screenshot of my fitness pat out of you. But I prefer you either use a spreadsheet or you can use one of the apps like trainer riser and online training app. When I first started, I was using spreadsheets like Google Docs. And that shit works. The reason this is better because the impression is not going to make sure they're following the diet every day. They're not going to be doing it. Right. What you're going to do is you're going to be able to see in real time. You can see every day if they're following the diet. And the reason that's so powerful is because when I was the in person trainer, I might see these motherfuckers three times a week. I see my Friday. They got the whole weekend to fuck up their diet. And they did. And then they wouldn't get the results as fast. But I started doing this when I was the in person trainer from my client's alone. He's a spreadsheet. I want you to track your diet. It started getting amazing, shape, super fast. I've been the only in person trainer I've ever seen do that in 25 years in the fitness industry. I started doing that all online. They got better results. I was getting better results from my online clients and most trainers were getting for the in person client. This is cheap. This is a better service. One online training is a better service than in person training. What you're going to do is you're going to have them track their diet and they're workout every day. And then you're going to hit them up every day. I want you to hit up your clients. Looking see if they track their macros and they're track their workout. If they did, if they followed the plan, then you say, you'll congratulate sma good job. Let's keep that momentum up for the next day. They didn't hit their numbers or they didn't track. You say, hey asshole, the fuck is the matter with you? Maybe you can be nicer than that. I'm going to scream in the air and throw a tantrum. You might have a different methodology. Yes fine. You could just be like, hey man, what happened yesterday? I can't get you back on track. That may be more your style. I fire clients because they couldn't do that shit. I didn't lose clients. Client's lost me. No in person training is going to do that. What's going to happen is, when you get into that positive reinforcement, they'll want to do it again. And when you get that negative reinforcement, like fuck, I got to stay on point. My trainer can actually see what I'm eating every day. You can see if I'm doing it or not. Everybody performs better or someone's keeping them accountable. They're finally being held accountable to somebody. And I get an effort into my in person training. The input training is to see these motherfuckers three four times a week. There's a hundred and sixty eight hours in every week. That means these motherfuckers got, are going to have about a hundred and sixty four hours where they can be fucking up their shit. But you are going to talk to your clients every day. It's a better service. That's worth way more than $80. The national average for in person training is about $100 an hour. If they got to see them motherfuck you three times a week, that's $300 a week. For in-fairing service, we're going to give them a chance. Custom die plan. They're going to do it on their own. Custom work out plan. They're going to do it on their own. We're going to keep them accountable. And that buying the diet and the workouts. Yeah, they're going to get that. The main thing we're selling is online training is accountability. If they have any questions you answer any questions they have, you'll be available. That's the main thing. And this price and structure works. If you have 25 clients paying you $80 a week. And if you keep an average of 25 clients a year, that's 52 weeks. You'll lose some of your gains more. Just keep an average for a year. That's $104,000 per year. That's big one. I mean, most people can quit their job. Most people would be happy with that. The average income in America is like $60,000. That's almost double that. The average income would only 25 clients. If you want to learn more about this and how to structure this and how to actually get the clients, how to make the sales, how to train them, how to make sure that they get great results too. How do you grow your father and how to market yourself? I have a free ebook that breaks all that down. It's got the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It's 100% free. All you got to do is click the link in the description and we'll really break that down for you. And really walk you down that path of how to become successful on my training. Click that link right now. Thank you.

=== FILE: How To Rewire Your Brain For Success! [DXKsgcIhSjk].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down how you can rewire your brain for success. People have these habitual thoughts, or the way they think it actually prevents them from accomplishing their goals or maybe even going after. People all have self-limited beliefs that prevents them from going after their goals or they go after it half-hearted and they out here have step in. Like big daddy can you say it ain't no half step. Come out your half step and then you only go and get half the way. If that's what we're going to show you how to get you be out here big step in. When you rewire your brain, it's very important. You know when I start breaking out the drawing tools, it's just about to get real. So there's a few steps you got to take. Get your mind right. First step you got to take to rewire your brain for success is no negativity. And that's not what you think it means, which means be positive. No, I'm not telling you to be positive. I'm telling you not to be negative. For example, even with the little mistakes, I was with my son we were going to Lego Discovery World and it's in this mall. He was on my shoulders, riding like riding on my neck on my shoulders. That's his preferred method of travel. So we walking around the mall, I had the driver pull this up. I get a driver when I was on my son because he likes for me to be in a back seat with him. We'd be playing games, drawing, shit, Carter boys living it up man. Tell the white driver to shut up and drive. White driver drops himself. He can some of big dogs next. He'd like nine feet tall now. And then we walked. We strut into the mall and I see Omega shop. Watch this. I have a lot of watches. Mostly APs. You roll like this. I had never bought Omega before. I like them. So I said, let me see what the fuck Omega's talking about. So I strut in there with the little fella. He just turned seven. He don't know we rich. He think like the shit we do is regular. Like, you don't know why other people be sitting in the back of the plane or you don't know what a public school is. He just thinks everything's regular. He has no concept of it. So I'm looking at this watch. I kind of like it was this planet ocean limited edition. On a graph watch, little fella still on my neck. And I'm looking at the watch and I actually like how much is this? And do you say it in 10,000 dollars. And then my son was like 10,000 dollars. That's too much money. And I don't know who taught him that nonsense. But I had to pick him up on my neck. I was like, hey, listen to me. Never say anything too much money. We can have anything we want. If, if we're willing to work hard enough to get it. Never say nothing too much. Then I looked at the old make a man that said, give me two of these watch. So I can flex on this little nigga right quick, man. Anyway, that's the lesson. And that's that that's no negativity. Right? Some people will say that's too much money. Or I can't afford that. You got to say, man, I got to figure out how to afford that. I need to figure out how to get more money. Both things are true. It's not, you're not lying to yourself. But one is like your way, even the white flag of the feet. Like a little bitch, like a hope. The other one is like, hmm, let me get up. Let me go up and get after it. It's very important. So even before I started filming this, I was like, man, I, for second, I almost thought I really don't feel like doing this shit. But it said I, I said, you know what, I need to get some more energy so I can make myself excited. Film this shit for you, motherfuckers. Nothing 300 milligrams of caffeine can fix. See, as soon as I saw that, as soon as I started thinking, right, I was like, okay, where did some options? How can I increase my love of money? Get to add a raw, you know? And you know what, let's go with the, it's kind of late for that. Let's go with, like, the, a fedgerum, it's kind of late, pre-workout. That'd get me going. And now look, I'm making dope ass videos and get loving it. You're about to hit the like button now, watch. You feel me, this is very important. Like no negativity. We're, we're looking at it from a different perspective. I'm gonna make a whole other video about this, it's called reframing. No negativity ever, right? So this, so this means look for, good. It's very important, right? Even my father killed himself. You know, like, I really thought about it like, okay, even though it's painful, I was like, this is the opportunity for me to show what I made of. This is the opportunity to show how tough I am, all right? Anybody can say their tough, but now it's the opportunity for me to do it. Both are true. It's just the way we look at it. It's different. People come up to me and like, oh man, I can't get no engagement on my IG. I'm like, you need to be saying, I need to figure out how to get more engagement on my IG. You feel me, it's a reframing brother. The next part is no negativity is pay attention to what you consume. So I don't listen to no negative news. I don't listen to no negative media. I don't let people start complaining around me. I don't want those inputs going in my brain because here's the thing, whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel and whatever you feel you remember. It's precisely whatever you feel you're gonna remember because if you feel it is going to be lodged to your brain, if someone says they're gonna hit you, you may forget that happened bugger from now. But if somebody hits you, you're gonna remember that. Whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel so that I don't watch TV where they're talking about negative shit, where they're talking about bad shit, where they're talking about some war going on somewhere. It's like, I have empathy for those people in sympathy form, but unless I'm a go over there and stop that shit, what's the use of me focus on on it? I know that may seem hardless, but honestly, what if unless I'm gonna do something about it, which I'm not, some should happen in the middle of the least, fucking I do for my enemy. I only focus on things that I can control, things that affect me directly or I can control. If I can't control it, then yeah, I mean, we got to let the chips fall where they may, homie, as as cool as I am. I don't think I can stop war in the Middle East. If I could, I would, I promise. I think DJ Khaled, he posted something on his Instagram, half the comments were, how come you silent on Palestine? And I'm thinking, wait a minute, do these people think that that's how international policy works? And then, Benjamin Netanyahu is looking at DJ Khaled's Instagram to make policy decisions? Listen guys, guys, guys, guys, stop what you're doing. DJ Khaled posted the Palestine flag on his story. Maybe we should reconsider our strategy in the region. Right, I just don't think it works like that. But these people are mad, they're finding the reason to be mad, but that's what happens. It's not those people's fault. What happens is they're focused on the negativity so much, that's what they feel and it bleeds out into fucking everything. There's more of a good just, he just in his car, listening to his new song. Y'all want to talk about genocide, right? It's like because your focus is in the on it. Like, I promise you, DJ Khaled can't do shit. But I take this to his, uh, a really insane degree. I don't listen to song, I don't listen to sad songs. I don't watch the news. If they talking about some bullshit, I really control my inputs. I don't, I don't let people complain about me. I don't know, my girl, she started venting once. She's just telling me something, I was like, whoa, whoa, hey, baby. What's something good that happens today though? You know, because I wanted to just focus on the good thing, when she focused on, started focusing on the good things, like her actual mood change, her tone change, like everything changed. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel so we can't consume negativity because we're going to feel it. After you've done this for a long time, it will become your default response. Your train to self not to see things from a negative perspective. If I'm late for a flight or my flights delay, I'll be right up here's an opportunity for me to practice patience. If I got a super busy day, I think, oh man, here's the opportunity for me to practice my time management. Let's see how focused I can be today. If I'm going through a challenge, it's a chance for me to show when I made of both to myself and the end to the people I'm leading. Show them why the king has the crown. We want to do his men. We want to have a victor mindset, instead of a victim mindset. That's what he's when you're on negative. Oh, man, my, my head hurts. Yo, I got it. I got to make sure I got to get my head feeling better, man. Oh, I'm sick. I got the flu. I got cancer. No, I got a flu. It's like, oh man, I got to figure out how to get healthy, man. You got to have a mother fucking victor mindset. I should pat in that. You know what, I'm going to let y'all just have it. Just use it. Let the world have it. Just know where you heard it first. The next thing you got to do is you have to change your behavior. Here's why that's important. So the homie soccer teams are one in them. I'll fuck us. Sit. We are what we repeatedly do. So it's one thing to say you're the man or say affirmations or that shit. But it's difficult to bullshit yourself. When you start doing things that are in congruence with the person you want to be or the goal you want to have, that changes the way you think. The person who already accomplished the goals you have, how do they behave? Right? What kind of habits is this person have? What is this person? How does he act in the face of adversity? How many hours of sleep does this motherfucker get? What time does he go to sleep? How does he groom himself? Okay, I close this motherfucker where. It's like really just honestly act like that person. It's not a fake answer you make it, man. It's just you're not fake anything. You're just doing the things that that person will do. And what do you think happens if you do the things that successful people do? You probably get similar results. So what we want to do is to want, one thing you want to do is you want to make, I've talked about this for a list of great. So make it like a list. Think about the version itself who already accomplished your goals and the things you want to accomplish in life. And then start thinking about all the things, how does he act in the face of adversity? What time does he wake up? What time does he go to sleep? Does he fucking play video games on night or does he go to bed early? Does he study? Is he out here getting drunk? Gennai? Maybe that's the kind of guy you want to be. Right? But like whatever it is, I'm not making no judgment. How does that person behave? And make that list extensive. And then start acting like him. Look at this list every day. This is going to change your association with pain and pleasure. So, see me for a, he's a coped up pervert. Right? But he's also father of modern psychology. And old Seagman, he said that every decision people make their either moving towards pleasure or they're moving away from pain, fire represents pain. Right? Either moving towards pleasure or away from pain. So what's going to happen is when you have the list of great and you start behaving in accordance to the person you're supposed to be. You're going to still feel good about yourself. And you'll start associating pleasure with the things that maybe you associated pain with before. The things that, maybe are difficult for you to accomplish now. Right? Oh man, how do I get up early? Who I stay motivated, blah, blah, blah. There's reason because you associate pain with those things. And once you start associating those things, which are listed with the behaviors that the idea of version of you would accomplish, right? And you start associating pleasure with those things. When you rewire your brain like this, you change your associations with pain and pleasure. What happens is you don't really need discipline as much. People think I'm so disciplined. One of my boys, my boy Jeremy, he said, you saved that man, brand is one of the most disciplined people I know. I took it as a compliment, but I'm like, man, they got, I love this shit. Right? I fucking love this shit. It's not discipline to me, you know? Because I change my association with pain and pleasure. And that's the only way I know that that dude has the list of great and the list of hate I don't want to talk about it here. I haven't the whole another video on it. This word, it might get a little weird and might seem like I'm being metaphysical in this shit, but this is some real shit. Right? You got the list of great. When I say, how would he behave, but would you feel? Because I remember what you feel, should you remember it? Those you will or religious will be able to comprehend this a lot easier than your atheist counterparts. Right? But even if your atheist just hear me out. How would you feel if you already accomplish a goal? Like what would it feel like? So not only your behaviors, but how would you actually feel? Can you feel yourself up with those feelings? And I already got it. And like, hmm, what would that be like? There's something about that. If you can practice that feeling, yeah, energy is going to be different. There's a different energy between the person who's like, oh man, I can't get no money. Versus the person's like, you all gotta figure out how to get more money. Versus the next level is the person who feels like, already know I'm gonna get this money. There's this levels of belief. And here's why I say religious people will understand more. If you believe you'll accomplish the goal, you'll go after more. And if you believe it, you'll feel it. But that'd give you what motivation. Right? If you could actually feel like man, just a matter of time for it. This already is already on the horizon. Then you'll feel different. If you can practice the feeling now, and you may think, it's hard to do that. And this is why we're religious shit comes in. I told the story before, what does the old story map people sold it before? It's from your Bibles. This dude he had leprosy. He ran upon Jesus. He came up and was like, yo, Jesus, need you to heal me, bro. Need you to heal me, doll. And Jesus is like, I man, there's different versions of the story and different books in the Bible. But this one version where the dude, Jesus, X, and he says, hell, fan, you believe I can do this. And the lepros like, come on, doll, you know, Messiah, man, no, you came, man, no, you guys, this, you got this play, come on. Give me something to magic. And then Jesus is like, you healed. Right? And then the lepros like, oh, damn, I'm right, Jesus, I feel good now. And then the Jesus said, hey, look here, look here, play, don't tell nobody I did this. Right? And he's like, hey, man, you got it. And the dude, dude, he started off, man, he ain't leping no more. The Jesus disciples. They was like, oh, that was cold, Jesus. Yo, how you do that? He was like, man, y'all can do that. And he was like, yo, man, but, you know, you that dude, man, we just regular guys. He said, y'all can do that. Right now, y'all can go out and go heal some people. And it was like, bad. And then when I was trying to heal people, and then they came back to the home of Jesus, it was like, yo, Jesus. We're healed, nothing, man. We're healed, nothing. And he said, yeah, man, it's because you don't believe. If you had the faith of a muster seed, you can move mountains. That's all Jesus told me I believe, believe, believe. That's not going to be nothing to our atheist counterparts. But here's the thing, though, when you have the belief, why wouldn't you feel it if you believed it? If you really believed it, then you would feel it now. Wouldn't you? If you really believed it, like if you really believed it, like if I broke you with check for a million dollars, and it was in the mail you saw me put it in the mail, you had the track number, you knew it was coming. Right, it just wasn't what you yet. You'd be excited about it now. That's how you got to be about your goals and your vision. You got to feel it now. If you knew it would happen to you, think you would be difficult for you to be motivated to go after it. Would you wake up late? Would you sleep in if you knew it was going to happen? All you had to do was just go get it. If you knew you would accomplish your goals, would you still procrastinate? All you had to do was go get it. I think procrastination, I think lack of motivation, I think all of that shit is really a lack of belief. You get them saying, like, my focus don't really believe that they can do it. It's very important. So you got to start acting like you believe it. This level's a belief. I call them four levels. I think there's different levels. There's four levels. So is this bitch ass nigga? He thinks I can't. These motherfuckers become haters, fucking bitch ass niggas. They have an energy about them. You seem people that fail your energy and permeate them and everything they do. These things become self-fulfilling prophecies because you're energy. You're going to need other people to accomplish your goals. And if you walk around with this kind of energy, who's going to want to fucking help you? Who's going to want to buy from you with that kind of energy? Who's body nigga? Then you got this guy. This is level two. This guy thinks he's still a bitch, but he a little bit better. He's got hope. He's like, uh, I hope. And that's a better energy than I can't. Because the guy's, I can't. He's not even going to try. He out here looking for pity. Yo, mind you, this guy don't get no pussy. You know, can buddy or pussy. This guy, you might get some pity pussy every once in a while, man. It's better energy, but it ain't good energy. It isn't still confidence in somebody who's trying to hire you for something. Or someone who's trying to hire you as an employee or hire your business for something, right? It doesn't inspire confidence. That I hope energy is not good. This is where it changes. Mm-hm. This energy is, I will. Okay. Like, he's going to do it no matter what. And this is better. Like, these people can accomplish a lot. And sometimes you need this energy. Who would you bet on? Just looking at these four, my fucking, these three more fuckers. Who would you bet on? But it's like, there's a little bit of aggression here. I don't know if you really believed. I don't know if you have to be that aggressive about it. Like, if you really believe, right? I don't have to fucking time my fucking shoes like a boss. I'ma tie the shit out these shoes. Fuck that. Listen to a David Goggins video in and hype myself up. And then time my shoe, because why? Because I know. Mm-hm. Because I know. It's like a calm confidence. But that's the most powerful energy to have. Right? The cultivate that. It changes here. Like, this is, this can work in as a time in a place for that. And if you don't believe, maybe you need that. Right? If you, if you're not 100% confident, I rad you be fucking two guns up, kicking the door. But if you know, you have to do that. Like, if you know, do you have to do that? If I go, I don't have to fucking hype myself up to turn on the faucet. Sit that I know I can do. I don't have to hype myself up as calm confident. And if you can start to cultivate that, this is the most powerful state. And it's the most powerful energy. If you are around them, I fuck it like this. You know it. Because you feel like you can do anything just being in his presence. This is that James Bond shit. This is when James Bond is talking to girls like, oh man, we gotta look at some bitches. James Bond is that, getting drunk to go get some bitch. We gotta go get some bitch. It's not. James Bond just pull up in the suit. Bond. James Bond. Calm that I'm a motherfucker. He's cracking jokes while he's fighting villains. That's the best energy to add. If you can have that, these are levels of belief or levels of doubt. This person has the most doubt. This person has no doubt. If you knew it was coming, you would be like this. So all that gunhole, listen to the motivational videos, get in our hyped up. It's cool that I get you really far, but it takes a lot of energy. And that's fine. But if you really knew you wouldn't have to do that. But if you gotta be here, you gotta be here. If you still have some doubt, then I want you to fucking overcome that doubt with that eye-willed energy. You might have to start with hope to even try and get some confidence. And then if you get a little bit of confidence, like, fuck, and I'm a dude is shit. Ah! Ah! But then once you've done it, then you can calm down. This might take some expertise. If you can have that energy, people will react to you differently. Another way to cultivate that energy is to find examples. This can be like people who did it. Make some friends who did it or be around some people. Or even if you just gotta fucking read books by, I'm listening to it, because what's gonna happen is gonna seem real. And if you can't get around the people, then you wanna get books or any kind of content, you know what just content, I'll just fit content. I have one magazine subscription, but is it Rob Ripport? Know that is that's the fucking baller magazine, man. Where they got motherfucking yachts and planes. That's the only way you see a fucking advertisement for a plane you can buy. That's the only magazine I got, because I wanna reframe my brain, right? The only thing about it. The reason that's important is because it's a part of a brain called the reticular activation system. And it's responsible for what you notice. So for example, you get a new car or when your home is to get to a new car, you know you start seeing that car, everywhere, you're not an X man. You didn't attract that shit, you're not magic, bro. The car was there the whole time. But what happened was you never noticed it because it wasn't active in your brain. If you start consuming content about a certain thing, you'll see more examples of it. That's what's so nefarious about consuming negative content in general. Because if you think about war or people getting fucking taken advantage of or thinking about bad shit all the time, because you're gonna see more of it. It's there to hold time, just like that car, right? And whatever you focus on, you're gonna feel. But if you focus, if you consume a content about ballant, people coming up, content about good things that happen, you're gonna see more of that. And that's gonna change your perspective. The mind can make it hell out of heaven or heaven out of hell. You wanna get content of people who did what you wanted to do. But you don't wanna look at it as don't get jealous like a fucking hoe. Only this guy gets jealous. When you see somebody getting jealous or hating, he's really here in that's how it's manifest in itself. So if you watch one of my videos, maybe this video, and there's somebody hating in the comment talking shit, right? They don't know me, right? They don't know shit about me in it. But they're here. A lot of times the way people behave, it's a self-sovie mechanism. Like if you hurt your girl's feelings, it's being angry at you, is a step up the emotional scale, right? It feels better than being sad and hurt. She's self-sovie in herself by yelling at you. So somebody sees me fucking fluxing on them, like super hard, man. If you got this kind of energy, like you can never do it, then you'll have to hate. That's where it comes from. So I got to empathy for those people. The thing is, I don't even think I'm better than you motherfuckers. You just don't know that you can be as good as me. And that's why I make these videos. A motherfucker with this attitude, he's looking at it like, oh man, I could do that too. Like, so when I look at people doing better than me, making more money to me, I seek those out. I seek out people who are better. Some people say comparisons that thief enjoy. That's only if you are bitch. If you got this, I know attitude. Then I see people doing better than me. I'm like, it's real. I can do it. It's just like me. It's where flesh and bone. There's no difference. And now I look for even more evidence of people who've done it. I don't know if I would have even tried to get a million YouTube subscribers. If I had to make my boy, Elliot Hose back in the day. When I saw I wasn't hating on him, I was like, I was inspired. I fucking did it. It can be done. Fuck it. Let's go. I appreciate it. They're heaps doing better than me. If I have friends who are doing better than me, anything, I cheer them on. I encourage them. I want them to do better than me. For two reasons, I want my friends to do better than me. Let me tell you what, two reasons. One, it lets me know it's real and it shows me what's possible. Also, they're going to encounter a bunch of fucking problems. They're going to have to figure out. And by the time I encounter them, they already figured out how to get through it. Like they out here baited tests and shit for me. The pioneers get the fucking arrows. So I'm like trying to help my homies as much as possible. I want them to fucking do good. They're not going to just do what he did. Whatever, man, when you remember when you had that problem, what did you do? Right? I had this recently, Memo Boyne, Jeremy. He was working on something. He was probably getting real successful for it. He ran into a bunch of fucking issues alone the way. And it cost him like $100,000. But because he told me everything that he ran into and how to avoid it, it shit costs me like 10 grand. And then the last thing you need to do, I want you to study it. Whatever your goals are, like study it. Falling in love with this thing is your China compass. Like really study it to the point where you fall in love with it. James Bond just loves saving world and fucking bitches. Right? That's what he do, man. You got a project like that, man. You can't do this until you've gotten a certain level of proficiency at it. But if you really want to learn something, teach it. And you don't have to teach it publicly, you can teach it to like, your homies or your little brother or something, right? Or you really learn something when you start teaching. A lot of times I feel like, you know me as a coach or a teacher, sometimes I feel like I get more benefit than the students. Even though they're live change, you know, when you teach something, you have a deeper understanding of it. It like becomes a part of you, right? It's in you, not on you. And I think these are the keys to rewind your brain for success. If you can do these things, it put these into practice. There's nothing you can accomplish with enough belief. I can't think that the only reason people don't accomplish their goals is because they don't believe enough, but they don't go all out because they don't really believe. I got another video on some habits that will help you become successful. Go check that video on now.

=== FILE: How to Build Self-Confidence That Cant Be Broken [E9eSlC7pGyw].txt ===

I get a lot of questions from people asking, man how do I build more cop in? It's how do I believe in myself more? If people usually ask me this because their nervous or maybe have some trepidation about some new endeavor that they're going to embark in, whether it's starting a business. Going to a new school, moving out their parents house, going to a new city, maybe they're about to have kids, you know, they're not that girlfriend, and out of their worried about being a new dead. Whatever the case may be, the more cop in this you have and yourself, the better. In this video, I'm going to break down some things you can do to actually build confidence in yourself so you believe in yourself more. You so you have less fear when you go into these new situations, so you can attack your new endeavor with more enthusiasm and more vigor. And if done right, what this is going to do is put you in a better chance of succeed. When I hear people tell me man how do I get more confident? How do I believe in myself? How do I less fear? I usually think you know what man, if you don't have confidence in yourself now, this probably your reason for that. You probably shouldn't be confident in yourself, right, you have to give yourself a reason to be confident. So a lot of times when I say that people say no, you should just have confidence in yourself, you should just be confident. And they're confusing confidence with self love. It's okay to just love yourself, but it's not okay to just be confident in yourself, right? Like my son, he's, you know, is second grade, seven years old. I love him the depth. He's the most important thing in my life, but I don't have any confidence in him to like do regular shit. Like he can't go to school on his own. I don't have confidence to leave him home by itself over the weekend or some shit. In fact, they would take him away from me if I did that, right? That'd be neglect. The government wouldn't leave me to do that. No one has confidence in him, but I still love him, right? So the difference between confidence is self love. I think people misguided truth to frequently. Coping is comes for confidence. So there's two types of confidence. There's just confidence where they've the domain confidence, meaning like you are confident in your ability to do a certain thing. Then you have overall confidence where you have confidence and your ability to handle life's challenges or to handle particular tasks. Domain confidence would be like, if you was a plumber, you would do plumbing school. I don't know how people are in the plumber, right? But let's say you went to the plummet, plummet university. You got your masters in plumbing, majored in pipes. I don't know how it works, right? But you come out and you know how to plumb shit. You know, you basically are a brother. You really get a plumbing man. You wanted to best in the world. You've been being you come from long line of plummet. Your daddy was out here, plummet shit, right? And he taught you how to plumb when you was a kid. So if something's wrong, just think you have total confidence that you can actually fix that problem. Me, I never plump shit. I don't know if I saw a ranch in real life. I'm assuming that's a plumbing tool, right? But I don't even know what tool. I was going to shit about plumbing. I don't know shit about pipes. If I had confidence in my ability to do my own plumbing, that would be delusion. I'd be a fucking crazy person, you know? So a lot of times it's okay to not have domain confidence in something you shouldn't have confidence in. I shouldn't have confidence in my ability to do my own plumbing. I'm not trained in it. I never did it before. For me, if I was to have confidence in my ability to get it, it would be legit delusion, right? So how do you get domain confidence, right? You get that from practice, it comes from confidence. You've got to keep working at something until you get good at it. You've got to get trained and maybe you have a mince or maybe you studied the thing. You've probably done it for a long period of time and you have confidence in your ability to do it. Now I think everyone kind of knows that. And to get good at something, you just do it for a lot of time, maybe get some training. Or when we're talking about overall confidence, overall confidence is self. That comes from trusting yourself. You've got to build trust in yourself. So there's a lot of things in your life that you know you're supposed to be doing. And maybe stuff you're supposed to be doing every day, maybe habits. Maybe you've been trying to develop some good habits, you've been trying to eat right, you've been trying to work out better. Whatever it is, it was happening is most of us aren't doing those things every day. Things you know you're supposed to be doing. And because you know you're supposed to be doing something, you don't do it on a self-conscious level, that makes you trust yourself less. So when you want to do some big shit on a self-conscious level, you know fuck man, I can't even control the amount of food I put in my mouth. I can't even stop eating these candy and cakes. How am I going to start a seven-figure business? And it's this truth today, right? So it's going to be difficult for you to overcome these things because you're not doing little shit. The way I started to build my confidence is those of God who I really looked up to his name was Bill Phillips in the 90s. And he had a supplement line called EAS Fortune Nutrition. He later sold that company to Abbott Laboratories for about $100 million and that was in 2000, right? So worth a lot more money now. He's willing to double that. But Bill said in an article I read every day, write down five things, five things that you're going to do with that day. And no matter what get those five things done, you know a lot of times people say, make it sit like make your bad clean your room. But I don't think they should be bullshit stuff. I never made my bad in at least five years. Right? It's straight up. It should be said that we'll actually move you towards your goal. We don't want to just do busy work. We're just doing random shit. So for me, it was going to be, okay, I'm going to work out. I knew I might do I was at high school. I was like 16, 17 when I started doing this. I'm going to work out. I was at high school, right? So again, I'm going to study. And then you should be thinking the trip to make yourself do not regular shit. I'm going to eat food today. Like, okay man, these are exactly what I'm going to work out. I'm going to study. I'm going to wake up at five. That's what something I used to do when I was a kid. I woke up at five, 30. And I ran on my house. I was a crazy kid. woke up at five, 30. I was going to drink a gallon of water. Right? This is a simple shit, right? Oh, you know what I would read you like outside of school shit. I started reading. And I just said no matter what, I'm going to make sure I do these things every day. Right? And what happens is, when you start doing this shit, every day, right, you start doing what, trust yourself more. You start to believe in yourself more. You start to feel like, oh, man, I'm doing what I say I'm supposed to do. Right? And then you start to think, okay, what else? What else can I do? And then these things start becoming more difficult. Or at the time, you can do it more copies of your ability to put more difficult things on this list. Right? Working out is not something you have to fucking say, how are we going to work out that animal over drinking down the way? It becomes regular. We're replacing this stuff with more difficult things. And these five things. And then what happens is, make you start to trust yourself. Like as you build it habits. And you know you're doing things that are moving you and you're the right direction. And you have a record that you've been doing the right things over a law period of time. Things you have to make sure you do these things every day. Because if you don't do these things every day, what happens is you're going to trust yourself less. I think about it. It's like, um, if somebody curious about, say, hey, I'm going to do this for you. I'll do this. I'm going to do this. And it's going to help you. It's going to help you. Oh, it over again for a long period of time. How much confidence are you going to have in that person? That person is you. But imagine you were doing the things that you're supposed to do every day. And you have a record that you've been doing the shit for a long period of time. For example, somebody told you, I was going to do this for you and it's going to help you accomplish your goals. And they do it every day or longer for you to trust that person. Yes, would you have confidence in that person? Yes, that person is you. You got to give yourself a foundation to stand on. So everything you do or don't do, it's like you're casting a vote. You're voting for the person you want to be. You want to be bitch. It has my fucker. You want to be a real one. A motherfucker who does what he's supposed to do when he's supposed to do it, whether you feel like it or not. And what really helps you out is you build some sort of tracker. So I created something for you to more sophisticated than writing shit on no books. So we got here this is something called the Victory Vision Planner. And as you can download links in your description, it has two things. One, the ambition planner and the success tracker. So when the success tracker, this is data for one of my people watching. Right. Anyway, so basically I had him track how many hours he worked on his main goal each day. I had him track his income each day. Boom. Right. And then I had him track the health stuff like how much he slept. If he worked out or not. And now we have a record. Oh man, he worked out 80% of the time, which is the goal right. He was supposed to have an average of four hours a day. He started working on this thing called man he's doing it. Boom. And then he was tracking his calories and his macros. If he tracks every day, this stuff that will really help him accomplish his weight, laws go. He lost a lot of weight over time. And then when it's you download this, you can delete this. And you can actually add more habits if you want. You don't change the income and don't change the weight because these are the results of what you do. This shows that what you're doing is working. This shows what you're doing. So don't change the income and don't change the weight because these grass will populate based off which you type in here. For example, if I go here and I change, let me just change it. Say you may $14,000, right? You'll see the graph jump up. The great you see the graph jump up. And you'll have it for yourself. It's just duplicate this every month. But what happens is you could actually add more habits here if you want. And then you can see how often you actually do this shit and what you start doing it every day you guess what you're going to believe in yourself. Because you're doing the things that help you accomplish your goals. You know, I'm a maniac about this. I track everything. I started with just those five things that build Phillips it. But you know, my much, my trafficer is elaborate. I've talked about it here. You want to download this. This is 100% free. It's a little bit of a description. But what's going to happen, guys, is once you start building a record, you have like a visual record, if you're doing the things you're supposed to do every day, how could you not believe in yourself more? How could you not have more competency in yourself? And this will translate into the domain confidence. If we go back to the plumbing example, I might not have cumbersome ability to plumb. But because I have confidence in my ability to do what I say I'm going to do, what's my habit is I'll have cumbersome ability to learn how to plumb. Right? Because now I have evidence to show that when I set out to do something, I do it. It translates to your domain expertise, right? But you have more confidence in yourself. And then what's going to happen? You're going to start setting bigger goals. And you'll do a set of confidently. You'll be able to think bigger. You'll be able to stand on all these results. You'll be able to stand on weeks or months of you doing the right thing every day. And then from that, it will give you the confidence to shoot desire. If you want, I have another video on exactly how to use this tracker. And all this stuff it does, go watch that video now. All right.

=== FILE: How to Get A 6-Pack THIS Summer (Works Every time!) [Wp-c3pFvEkA].txt ===

Yo Goofy-ass, don't have abs yet. That's why you clicked on a video about how to get abs. And this is the best video on the internet on the subject. I'm going to show you how you can get a six pack by summer. At the time I'm filming this video is about 31 days until summer. Now here's the thing, you've been training abs, wrong your whole goddamn life. You've been doing a bunch of silly goofy shit, wondering why you don't have abs. We're going to fix all that today. All we get into exactly what you need to do to have a six pack in the next 30 days. Common misconceptions people have about training abs. Include, but are not limited to. They think that training abs will get them a smaller ways. You ever see these big fat motherfuckers doing crunches? You motherfuckers can confidently stop doing that shit. Training abs will not get you a smaller ways. You cannot lose fat in one spot. You will not have to get to a significantly low body fat in order for your abs to be visible. You cannot lose fat in one spot unless, of course, you get lightball suction. That's why you see some chick. She got the shape of maybe like sponge Bob or like a two liter of coke. She go to the doctor Miami. He sucked the fat out of her. Maybe put some of that fat in that ass. When they do it, that ain't go from looking like a two liter looking like a coke Bob. Because they removed the fat cells. That bitch get fat again. She won't be as fat there. If I was a fat hoe, I could get that shit today. If you're not going to go under the knife and have a surgical intervention and you want to lose it to die and exercise, you cannot spot reduce that in one spot. Now make sure you watch and today because I'm going to break this whole shit down for you. But what you know, if you really want your abs to pop, abs and motherfuckers can see across the street. Bitches can see you, which is shut off from across the street and start crying between her legs. And if you want that guy to expect, you have to make those abs muscles grow. Here's the game plan. You got to see where you're at on a scale from a rip to fat. If you don't see your abs now, it's one of two things. Your abs muscles are too small or you have too much body fat. Most of you motherfuckers have to eat too much body fat. And you probably got some abs on the knee fall that, even if you skinny, you probably still got too much fat. Because a lot of you guys are like skinny fat. You got a little real arc Simpson swag. If you want abs, you got to be fake. You got to be lean. I'm telling you got to be super lean for them to see your abs. So here's what we're going to do as whole. First, you're going to get as ripped as you need to be. You're going to need to be around 10% body fat or lower for you to really see your abs. If you don't know what body fat percentage you are, go to chat, jippity, upload a picture yourself. Like this one I did. This is me the other day. And I was like, hey, judging from this photograph, that's to make my current body fat percentage. What does bitch say? She said between 6.8. That's, yeah. Sounds of right. I'm probably in somewhere in that range in this photograph. Look at me incredible, right? Action in your whole shit. When you play video games, you play them off a good look who look like this. All right, we got to get you in video game, character shape. Now I'm going to tell you how to get ripped in a minute. But let's say you are kind of ripped. Let's say the chatjipity says, I let's call it 10, 12% or lower. So we're in that range, right? Let's say chatjipity says that's what you're at. What that means you got a different problem. That means your abs are too small. No homo. Look at my hips. Like you see how thick they are, cause like no did you look at my abs. If you want those thick abs, you got to train your abs the same way you would train any other muscle. This means is we got to do lower reps. Fuck all that 500 countries that they should on the other shit because we got to make that the muscle bigger the same. We make any muscle bigger. Pick exercises that are difficult to do more than like 12 reps because we want to be in. Let's call this somewhere between 6 to 12 reps. Doing more than 12 should be impossible. Like you shouldn't be able to do 13 cause you gotta go to failure. Leglifts, maybe see it, maybe weighted leglifts. Or maybe you have to add some resistance, drag and fly. Or my favorite one is the cable crunch. That's not favorite one cause then you can you can modify the resistance. And those are my three favorite abs. This is like really leglifts or weighted leg this in cable crunch. That's gonna be our primary focus. You won't even have to really train the oblique that much. These are the side abs. I don't really do shit to get these side abs. Or just to radis muscles up here. It looks like it's my ribs. Now, nigga, that's muscle on my ribs. We do these weighted abs exercises. Your side abs and your bleaks. They're gonna get enough tension. So you want to make sure you can only do reps in between 6 or 12 and you win. We want to go to failure. Three to four sets. Her workout and you want to do this three to four times a week. Make sure you take an each set to a failure. Sometimes, let's say you're doing bicep curls and people that we like, oh, I gotta go to failure. And they'll start doing all this shit. No, so when you start cheating, the muscle is failed. That's why you have to cheat because you have to get other muscles and involve. You want to keep your form exquisite. Now, here's the thing when it comes to the fucking crunch. Almost everybody does the crunch wrong. I'm gonna put up a video where I did this shit perfect. Here we go. This is the best one. This is the best one. You have to exercise to build 3D looking abs. So you want to grow up a perfect demo of this. Check it out. App a mat to protect your knees. It's going to do rope crunches. You come down. You want to arch your back like you've been on say. And you're about to twerk. And then you come down like this. So a lot of people do this all the way wrong. I see him doing it. And they just do this. The problem is they bend from here. That's not your abdominal muscle. That's the only hip flexors you want to bend from here. Yeah. And the way you do that is boom. Get your Beyonce twerk out on. You can come in. Bring it together. I hope you guys understand. If you bend from the wrong spot, this exercise is basically a waste of time. Again, we're only doing this. If your body fat percentage is somewhere in the 10 or 12 range or lower. People start cutting to get this expect. If you're already rid, you've got a bulk to make your fucking abs thicker. Right? So this is what sometimes I'll have even higher body fat. I've got all go above 10 or 12 and you can still see my abs because I made them so thick. And then when I get lean, oh my god. Point is you really have to make them. So you have to be in a clore surplus. You're consuming more calories in your burn. And then you also want to make sure you get in at least one gram of your protein per pound of body weight. I know all the science guys on internet. They say, Hey, the study came out by such and such and such that you only need 08 grams. That's true. I'm not, I'm not against science. But you know, remember those studies were done in controlled environments. We're into exactly how much the parts has been written. You and I, we don't live in the motherfucking land. We're drinking out of beakers and shit. You know, living in a lab, we live in the real world. And in the real world, the American real world. The FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. Right. So you get you yourself. The list is snack. And it's a 10 grams of protein. Man, that's great. That's going to work towards my muscle building goals because the FDA allows Food labels to be off by 20% in either direction. That should could be 12 grams of protein. That should could be eight. You don't fucking know. This is the one gram of protein per pound of body weight to make up for that potential 20% that may be lost because there's no negative ramifications for getting too much protein. Fuck some nerds going to say, Hey, listen, yeah, maybe if you get fucking a hundred grams of protein per pound of body weight. Again, this is only if your body fat percentage is low. How long do you bulk until you start getting fat? When you start getting so fat that you can't see what's going on, then you start to cut. And the only way to burn fat is to burn more calories than you can consume. Remember you're going to go to Chad Jippity. You already put your picture in here. You said, hey, that's to make my body fat percentage. Baba, Baba, blah, blah, blah, blah. All right, cool. You tell your weight, you say, I am 200 pounds. How many pounds of fat do I need to burn to be at? And you're going to put your go body weight percentage. It's going to be a little weird because my body fat percentage is so fucking low. Let's just say for shit's and giggles, let's say 4%. Where do you guys might have to put 10% to 11% or something like that? It's going to start doing math for you. Like you could do the math yourself, but you got to, you got sky net right here. You might as well let them do it. And she's going to do a bunch of shit. Baba, Baba, Baba, Baba, going from 7 to 4% by the fat. You lose 6 pounds of fat. All right, now that's just math. But let's say I need to lose 6 pounds of fat. If every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 35 hundred calories. Let's say I wanted to lose a pound of fat a week. All I got to do is burn 500 calories more than I can soon eat this day for a week. If I do it for a week, seven days, that'll equal 3500 calories, I'll burn one pound of fat per week. I want to double that. I need to be in a thousand calorie deficit each day. What we're going to do is you're going to get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I used the ordering. I just got the ordering gym for, I know a lot of people use the wump, right? That other track of calories, you can get yourself a fit bit. That works a fit bit. It's starting to track how many calories you burn each day. I have a free habit tracker. It's called the Victory Vision planner. And did you can download and link in the description here. But we're going to use this this version right here. You just track how many calories you burn each day. Let's say I'm burning in 3000 calories a day. You simple math. 3000 calories a day. Cool. Now then you're going to start tracking how many calories you can soon meet today. So I track how many calories, soon with my fitness pal. And I keep a scale with me everywhere I go. So I'm at restaurants, way in my food. People think it's weird to do. But when people see me doing it, don't know about the talk shit. To me people are usually impressed. And I'm tracking everything I eat. I grow a lot because I made a salad and I fucking weigh the salad dressing. Tracking me calories you soon these days and just make sure and get burning 500 calories more than you do consume these days. So I say we want to use two pounds of fat per week. If we want to lose two pounds of fat per week, then we have to be in a 1000 calorie deficit. The key is to track this shit every day. When you start tracking it in like a spreadsheet like this, you can see where you're at. You're self making progress towards your goal. I just want to give you some data on something real quick. This is a study that showed that people were 7.6% more likely to do what you do there goes. Then those who didn't if they track their progress. I don't have to tell you all about the American psychological association. I know that you guys keep up with their work continuously. Right, but some of them didn't know. And it is a whole study on it. It is another study. I bring the study up all the time. All they had people do was track their diet. But I hadn't do my fitness pal. And these people lost five pounds of fat over the course of three months. But they had no diet. They just said, just track your calories. Track what you eat instead of putting anything in your mouth like a whore. The way you've been doing your whole life. These people have focused lost five pounds and three months. Now, five pounds and three months. That's not a big deal. But you gotta remember they had no plan. We got a game plan now. All right. So you got, I got you a habit tracker. It's free. It's called the Victory Vision Planner. All right. So you go, you open it. There's a video on how to use it. You just get about that. Right. Just go here. It's the success tracker. All right. How much you work on your goals? Track your income per day. How is this? You can track way more than just your calories because you want to track your protein more. But it does this part right here. It's the same thing I just showed you. It does your killer deficit. And then what's cool is it has a chart. This chart automatically populates by your weight. So you can actually watch your weight go. All right. In real time. So is that you could put you start tracking the income to one is to where actually I how much money make today, man, especially if you were a hustler. You get it. It gives you like a chart of it is really cool. All right. I made that for myself, but y'all can have a free is a notion template. Habit tracker. To wrap things up. First put a picture of yourself with your shirt off a chatty between what your body that percentage is. If it's 10% or lower, first you need the bulk. You're going to do it. And we're going to do heavy ab exercises. Lower repetitions in the 6 to 12 range. And you're going to be in a clorex surplus. You're actually going to be broken. You want to get at least 500 calories extra per day. If you are fat. Then the first thing we need to do is cut first. You may not have a 6 pack that looks like mine or a fucking 3D. Feel like I got a little fist pumping out my stomach. But you'll get the fucking V cuts and you'll be more attractive if you're not fat. I don't think I'll get much flack for that. You go in the shaggy between putting your stats around much fat you need to lose. And then remember how the fat you want to lose you have to burn 3500 calories. That was just mad. Get ourselves a fitness tracker. Start tracking how many calories we burn each day. And then we want to start tracking how many calories we consume each day. Fitness tracker is 100% accurate. Nothing is 100% accurate. Remember at food at the A labels are 100% accurate. We already discovered this. So if I were you I would overshoot it. Don't try to just be 500 calories. Like I would overshoot it. I would try to go over it from front and cut. Hey, let's say you're already in fantastic shape. And you want to learn how to get some fucking money. I made my first million as an online trainer. And I built a multi-seven figure of business from online training. Now I teach other people how to grow their online fitness businesses. I've helped over 15,000 people build successful full time online training businesses. If you want to learn more about that, I got a free ebook for you. It's free. It's called the 10 Commembs of online training. And give you more information about it. For real, this business is not a gift rich quick seem. You have to work really hard. And you may read the book and be like, oh shit man. I like making money when I want to work hard. Or you may read it and be like, This sounds like a viable option for me. I love fitness. I love helping people accomplish their goals. And I don't mind working hard to accomplish my goals. Especially if I'm helping other people accomplish their goals. Sound will tell you as soon as I can win win. Maybe that's you. It's 100% free. Please subscribe. Go download it right now.

=== FILE: How to Get Rich This Summer (No BS) [l3Tzfe8TEA0].txt ===

I'm gonna show you how to get on the path to getting rich this summer. A lot of you guys want to just party, get drunk, chase girls and go on all summer. But that's not what you want to do if you really want to get rich. If you really want to pursue your goals, you need to use this time to do things that will put you in the right position to succeed. And I'm gonna show you how you can utilize this summer in order to do that. Now, you may be thinking, man, I want to go around all summer, just hit the end and put you get drunk and hug. Bro, you ever heard the story about the ant in the grasshopper? Grasshopper was bullshit in all summer. He was f***ing around. Grasshopper chicks, party in, getting high, grooming. Grasshoppers can go, you ain't know that. And he was doing this shit all summer. And he would see the ant stay where working all summer. You may have heard the story. Ant would laugh and I'm like, y'all, you f***ing dance, look at you, man. Yeah, you need to have fun. And the answer was like, nah, we got to work. And the grasshopper was trying to get the ants to come to the freak off. And the ants was like, nah, we got to work grasshopper, get the f*** out of here, man. And the grasshopper just laughed at the ants. And they had fun all summer, right? And then guess what happened? Oh shit, winter came. The ants had all these motherf***ing food shelter resources. They keep them safe in a live during the winter. And then the grasshopper was like, yo, can you share some of that? Shit you got with me, some of that food, man, I'm hungry as hell. And the answer's like, no bitch, you was bullshit and all summer, like a hoe. And we gon' watch you die. Now, some versions of this children's f***ing ants shared their food with the grasshopper, man. But we don't talk about socialism here. And real life grasshopper died, because he was bullshit and all summer. Let's not let that be you. Let's put in work this summer that propels us towards our real goal. So we don't die like the f***ing grasshopper. Five things you need to do to summer and focus on. So you'll be on the path to get enriched by the time the summer's open. Because you're not gonna get rich in the summer. What a season is like 90 days. You ain't over your rich in 90 days. But you can change your life and put yourself on the right trajectory in 90 days. Or you can stop watching this video just get drunk and high all summer. Try to ris up girls or whatever the young people are saying. But it's dead. Let's focus, all right? And all this shit is backed by science. And the last point, that's where it might be the most important one. So first thing we need to do, write down our goals in plan amount. I know that sounds basic but shut the fuck up. Skid off my dick for me and I'm gonna explain to you. We want to write it down. But most people when they set goals, they do a few things wrong. And they set goals like a bitch. So the first thing they do wrong is they try to set whole year goals. And that's fine. You can set whole year goals. But I like 90 day goals breaking my goals down into 90 day increments. Here's why. So much shit can happen within one year. And it is difficult to forecast what the world is going to be like 365 days from now. Last year, Biden was president. We know who's going to be the president. Crypto was lower. All types of shit changes, right? So I really like setting 90 day goals and plans. The second thing people do wrong is when they're planning their goals. They're thinking, what do I have to do to accomplish this? So let's say there's a bug in your house. Again, this is your house. Not my house. I live in a bug in the penthouse. A bug can't get this high in the air. There's not that natural habitat. I got a private elevator. You need a key to use it. The state is a bug in your house. And he's having a great time. You know, enjoying himself. Doing bug shit. Even food out your motherfucking sink. Oh, your dirty ass dishes. He out here laying eggs. Fucking bug, bitches, raising a family. Grooming. He's really enjoying himself. Right? And you say, you see this motherfucking thing. You think, oh, man. I got to get him. So maybe you try to get him with a fly swatter. Maybe you stumble on him with a shoe or you throw a chankle at him. You know what I'm saying? Something like that. And the problem is you may hit the bug, but you may miss the bug. And that's how most people said their goals. They think, what do I do to hit the accomplishes goal? But they sent in the way where it's like, oh, I might get it. I might not. What we want to do is set goals in a way where we don't leave no ambiguity about what's going to happen. So for example, if we go to this bug example, what if instead of just trying to swap this motherfucking right? What if you bomb the building? There's an AI powered missile. I think it might aren't on. Right? It was what if you bomb the building? Right? Or maybe you don't have to bomb the building. Maybe you didn't fumigate the building. Call an exterminator. So instead of saying, what do I have to do to get the bug? Say, what kind of effort would I have to put in to make sure I killed this bug? And his whole mother fucking family in his lineage here. Make sure he doesn't breed. That's how we want to go after our goal. We instead of saying, what do we have to do to accomplish this goal? We change that to what kind of effort would I have to put in to make failure impossible? It's way more severe way to attack your goals. But it's very important that you write your goals down because it's a studying done by Dominican University when I first read that I was like, hey, god, colleges and Dominican but no, it's Dominican University and in California. Right? I was like, man, what did teaching in there? They teach you how to dance the dim bow and cook bananas? What did they teach how to drive Uber in this motherfucking? But no, it's called the Dominican University in this in California. And in this study, you showed that people who wrote down their goals were over 40% more like the tool composition. So the first point is to just write the goals there. But then we have to plan them out. So I put together this thing called the Victory Vision Planter for you in this video on how to use it. But here we have something called the Ambition Planter, right? Which in what you do is at the top of you write down your goal. So this is dummy data. But this guy had a goal of you want to make 100k per month in revenue. He wants 100k YouTube subscribers. He wants a new lamb bow, right? And he wants a blues, one pound of fat. That's what you write at the top of these columns. You can add new columns here. And then you write down all the steps that would make failure impossible. You start writing these goals down. What's cool about is what you do is you write this down. You set up a car for it and then you give it a due date. I made this a long time ago so I'm going to change this due date. So let's say it's not done. As things get done, you can cross them off the list. And then you can look at progress, right? So this is all the steps for all your goals. You can see what needs to be started. What has been started was done, right? And then you can see, hey, what do I have to do this month? Because we have deadlines for every step. See most people never do this. They write their goals down. But they don't plan it out. You've got to plan it out and have a deadline for every step. If you don't have a deadline for every step, you bullshit. Once you have a date on everything, you see, okay, what do I have to do this month? You can see exactly where you're at. You can track your progress with the goal. The two types of tasks is one time task and there's recurring tasks. So we put all our one time tasks here in ambition, trying these are things you've got to do once. Right? Like if your goal was to lose 10 pounds of fat, buy a food scale, get a meal plan. You do that shit once, right? But the things you have to do every day is follow your diet. Right? And that's where we go to the other part of the Victory Vision planner. Which is really the habit tracker. But as we call it the success tracker. This is where you track your habits. And this is filled with some dummy data, but we put it in here. And you can get this for free. It's a notion template. This is stuff up in that. Right? How many hours you worked on your main goal? How much money you may? You know, then we have your health stuff. How many hours you slept? Did you work out today? And you can put your macros in here. This is pretty cool. I have a formula that auto-calculates your macros. So you can just put in protein. It adds up how many calories you get. So I'll put in this protein. Let's say you got 250 grams of protein today. You see how the calories are adjusted in here? Right? So I have a formula in here. Right? But also you can put in how many calories you burn that day. And you'll be tracking this again. I always talk about tracking how many calories you burn with some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering. Look at this as I adjust this. This is a 37,000 calories a day. You see how the deficit is in? Right? I'm not sure. But I just want to see. So it auto-calculates for you. surplus or deficit. And then you can put your weight in here. Right? Boom. Now check out what it does with weight. I have a graph here. Right? So watch what happens when I change the weight. Right? The graph changes and also the income changes. It's on us also. You can just do one of these every month. Right? You could add more habits that you want to track here. The one that I use is way longer than this. Pause. Put your one-time task in the ambition planner. And you put your habits in the success track. And then the next thing you want to do is go over your goals every day. Review them. Review them. Maybe even visualize them. At the risk of sounding like one of these white girls who collects rocks. You've got a whole bunch of fucking gravel pit. Next to her bed. And a motherfucking dream catcher. Feather shit over her door. And she talking to you about man and fess is shit yo. There's something to it. So I'm going to show you something. Back in the day. I have one of my video editors, Johnny Tye. He's on YouTube now. He's called it Fly with Johnny Tye. And I told Fly with Johnny Tye. Yo listen. I want you to make an image of me with one million subscriber YouTube, Black and the click funnel's Black for making $10 million. And I took that and I printed it out and I put it on my desk. It was like a vision board. I got both those awards now. There's something that happens when you visualize shit. When you won't your boys get to new car. You start seeing that car everywhere, right? You've not actually made any of the human Charles Xavier. You made Magneto, Jean Grey, or Cyclops. You ain't even gambit. Make it. The truth is, there's a part of your brain called the reticular activated system. And basically decides what you notice in the environment. Because there's so many sounds, textures, and visual things going on in the environment. If you paid attention to all of it, you go crazy. So your mind filters out a lot of it. Until it's triggering your R.S. at this sum you should see. So you start seeing these motherfucking cars everywhere. After it's triggering your R.S. It's just like that with your goals. If you start visualizing your fucking goals, you'll start seeing different paths to get there. Well, you can use AI to actually make your vision board. Because you ain't got fly with Johnny Dye. And this is a website where they had different models, all kinds of the image generation, videos generation, everything. And I trained that AI model on pictures of me. I just uploaded pictures of myself. And the flux lower a portrait trainer. Boom. So if I click on this, and I trained a few models. So here's one of my models. Now the prompt is king every time I say I have king in here. And I tell you what the generate. The generate whatever I want. I'm just going to say what I am. When I'm doing, boom. Right? I put the prompt in here. Boom. Make your own vision board, man. But it's like, is you in this shit? I said yo, man, be surrounded by money. You can print that shit out. You put it in your big screen, safer something. Oh, let me do another one for. Check it out. What you trying to accomplish, man, how you want to live? I wouldn't wear that. I don't want to visualize that. With this shit works, too. And you can see it. And you make it you. The next thing you need to do is track your progress. And it's cool because the three vision planted I gave you it shows you how to track your progress. Right? Do us a study published in the American Psychological Association, which found that people who track their progress were 76% more likely to achieve their goals. But frequent learning monitoring progress increases chances of success. And that's why the Victory Vision plan that I gave you is so helpful. Right? Because now you can actually see how far you are with your goals. Right? You can go to the ambition plan where you track your one time a test. You can actually see where you're at with your goal. So you did progress. And you can actually see a visual representation of how far you are on the things you've got to accomplish. So these are all your task in ones, all the tasks for all your goal. You see what you have to do this month. And then with the success tracker, you can see if you're actually don't want to just do it every day. You can see how close you're going to be. You can watch your income rise, right? With the grass. You can watch your weight drop. You can monitor your progress. And it makes you over 70% more likely to accomplish your what the fucking goals, right? And this is free. It's just a notion template. The link is in the description. Next you got to do a surround yourself with winners. You will become like the people you're around. Whether you want to or not. And people seem to notice they don't take this into account with like the family members, the women that they have sex with. Like I see a lot of guys men. They only pick and girls based off looks or quality of hate. The problem with is you get you still got to be around this person and or talk to them in most cases. So here's a study from New England Journal of Medicine, which is my favorite journal in medicine. I don't fuck with that self-western journal in medicine. I want my medicine journal to come from New England. It studied the spread of obesity over 33 years. It was a 33 study. And the crazy is just shit about the study. You can go read this if you don't believe what I'm saying. Just read it. Dork. What these science nerds said was they came to the conclusion that one of your friends or someone you're close to gets fat. You have a 40% chance of becoming obese. Why? Because you become like the people around. You start picking up on people's habits in voluntarily. It's the reason you have the accent. You have people in the same regions. They have the similar accents. They have a similar dialect. Same religion. So style address. You pick up on these things in voluntarily. So you pick up on fat boy habits when you or if one of your boys becomes a fat boy. Now what's even crazier about this is let's say that in one of your boys. He's not fat. But one of his friends, a mother fucking you don't even know becomes obese. Now you have a 20% chance of gaining weight yourself. 20% chance. This is according to the study. I'm not making this shit up. Go read the study, man. Pull up your annoying linger or the medicine. You guys probably have a subscription. So it's not even just the people you're around. It's the people the people you're around are around. So it's really important that you cultivate just surroundings. If anybody got some bullshit habits, they do want some fuck shit, some wax shit, you gotta stay away from them. At least for 90 days, right? And you want to get around people who have good habits because the opposite is true too. When my friends get around me, they start getting in better shape. They start working out more. A lot of my friends stop drinking. A lot of my friends went on diet. Got cut. A lot of my friends stop going in. We all become similar to each other. And you will, so you want to be around people who are more dismay. If you ain't got no discipline, friends make some. Join some fucking groups. So I go into the gym, make friends of the gym. You gotta figure out a way. The fifth thing you need to do is master discipline. You get better with your discipline. And it's too much for me to go into now, but I have a whole longer video. All about how to master discipline is probably going to be the most important video you ever watched in your life. Go watch it right now.

=== FILE: How to Get a 6-Pack FAST (No BS Method) [CxOIhB6YdG0].txt ===

It's almost summer fat boy, with 20 days away from summer, the summer's so steep, right? It might feel like summer time right now, because the kids is out of school into the middickens are playing dominoes outside. But the official start is about 20 days from now. I'm gonna show you how you can use AI to get yourself a six pack this summer. I'm gonna break the whole system down for you, so you can leave with a solid game plan to have a six pack by summer, but you gotta watch it to the end in order to get the full plan. If you can't watch a video today, well then, I'm not surprised. You fact, search around the internet for videos on how to get a six pack. That's how you ended up here. You too fat to have a six pack. When you win on the out of your business, you found yourself here. The Lord led you to this video, because he wanted you to watch it, and you can't even listen to God. I'm not saying I'm God, I'm gymnasium Jesus. The Son of God, and I'm gonna show you guys how to get ripped. And we're gonna use our new God, AI to do our future overlords, AI to do it. Now, warning, this is not gonna work for you if you like, oh, beast, if you super fat, if you're a God who can't see his genitalia when he urnates, this might not be the right game plan for you. If you're a girl that's so fat, that your only option is to date black guys, then this might not be for you. This is for people who are more so skinny fat or fat skinny, if we wanna be politically correct, this ain't for skinny obesity, if that's the thing. Maybe it will be in the future. Step one, you need to open up your preferred AI platform. I like chat, jippity. But you can use Gemini, you can use Claude, if you swing that way, I guess. Some of us just like a little bit of racism in our AI, then we use Gromp for that. Put my preferred large language model is chat, jippity. You get a picture of yourself with your shirt off. If you like me, you're always taking self-sureless pics because you are a go maniac. So I just got one on deck. So you go ahead, you upload that up the sky net. Tell it you're hiding weight, say, I am six foot two and 200 pounds. Estimate my body fat percentage. See what they got to say? Should it's taking that long? This is shit, they say they don't take over the world. Okay, here we go. Oh, no, that was actually pretty quick. All right, sky net says that it's about six percent body fat. Looking at this photograph, listen man, this was, it must have been trained on some good ass data because that looks about right for your boy. You're not six percent body fat. Your shit is going to be pretty high. Here's what you do to get a six pack. You're going to need to be 10 percent or low. If probably you want to get into the single digits for summer. When you get into single digit body fat, if you've never been there, shit changes for you. You have a larger number and more appealing, maybe an opportunity to get presented to you sometimes thrown in your lab. If you've never been single digit body fat, you don't really know what I'm talking about. If you watch this whole fucking video and do everything, I say you'll experience it. You start to have some pride in yourself. You just feel better. So you want to get to 9 percent body fat. You see what it did with me? You say, you see how accurate it is, right? You're going to do it for you. Okay, this guy is six, five, and three hundred and thirty five pounds estimate his body fat percentage based on the photo. Let's go. This one love almost be it. Some sort of athlete, fat athlete, I cool. Twenty five to thirty percent. All right, so here's what we need to do. How many pounds of fat would he, you should say I would I need to lose to be nine percent body fat? We could have did the math ourselves, but if we got Chad Jippie D right here, let them do the work. All right, they doing fucking arithmetic, just doing a calculus. So to answer, 69.8 pounds. All right, so whatever your answer is, that's how much body fat you need to lose. That was step two, get your target body weight, right? And figure out how many pounds you have to lose. Step three is to do the math. To lose one pound of fat, you have to burn thirty five hundred calories. This guy has to lose the 69 pounds. He has to burn an extra a 241,500 calories. Now here's the thing, if you're overweight, if you're like, as big as this month, you're like, you know, that higher your body fat percentage, the faster your lose fat. As your body fat percentage gets lower, it's gonna be more difficult for you to lose fat. That's all my focus. Like all can't lose it last 10 pounds. It's gonna be difficult. Your body wants to hold on to a little bit of body fat. Your body's trying to hold you back. You got a fight nature and squeeze out them last few pounds, right? So we wanted to do is we want to start tracking the calories we consume each day. Take your body weight and pounds times 10. And that's how many calories you should get each day. For everyone's pound if that we want to lose, we have to burn thirty five hundred calories, right? This guy needs to lose by 69 pounds. So that's the shit load of calories. He has to burn, right? Since he nine pounds, I have 3500 just like 200,000 some calories, right? You may not have to lose that much. You may have to lose more. It doesn't matter what it is, it's just man. We got to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. If I was you I get a spreadsheet, I have a free template where you where you can start tracking your calories consumed in burn. And track your other habits as well. It's called the Victory Vision Planet. Links in description is free. It's just a free notion template. This is the bare bones version of it. First we have to track how many calories we consume each day, right? And you want to do that with my fitness path. And it's super easy to track your calories. People always start fucking crying and shit. When I say you got to start tracking your calories, like motherfuckers act like it's the most difficult shit in the world. But it is the thing that works. There's a study done by Duke University. They take a bunch of fat asses and they said, hey, bad boys, just truck your fucking calories for three months. They didn't even know diet plan or anything. They didn't have an acclory deficit. They didn't have to do an keto, they have to do an pescatarian. They didn't have to do an keto body, you know nothing. All they said was track your calories. And on average, they lost five pounds over the course of three months. Now I know that doesn't seem like a lot, but you gotta remember they had no plan. They said, keep your regular diet and just start tracking. And the things when people track, they're more cognizant of what they eat. Instead of putting anything in their mouth like a fucking hole. So you got to start tracking the calories consume. You could do that with my fitness pal. And here's the thing, people are like, well, what if my fucking mama makes some fucking stew and I can't track it, like, I don't eat that shit. So it would if my wife makes some motherfucking, she makes it everything in the pot. And I can't fucking track it, actually. Don't eat that shit. Tell that bitch to get her shit straight. She meant a fact dump that hole, right? She holding you back. She might be the reason you fat. And once you get ripped, you can get a better bitch, man. That's what the whole thing is about. Anyway, I say a good rule of thumb is take your body weight in pounds. Multiply that by 10. That's how many calories you need each day. You should also get at least one gram of protein per pound of body weight. This will allow you to retain more muscle during this cut. Now, some of you were saying, how do I build muscle at the same time? You'll be of the build muscle at the same time only if this is your first year working up. If you've been training for years or so seriously, then it's going to be difficult to build muscle and burn that simultaneously. So let's say you consume in 2,000 calories a day. And I really think you should track it in the spreadsheet too. Just write it down in the morning. How much weight did they put in the spreadsheet? Does it free template in description? Right? Now we need to start tracking how many calories we burn each day. What I recommend you do. Get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering. They don't pay me to do it as a matter of fact. I don't know if they have any black people indoors in it. Some people say in it it might be racism. I don't know if anybody said it until just now. But it's out there now. And the only way they can beat those allegations is to pay a black ball YouTuber. So ordering if you listen, I will help you beat these racism allegations by accepting your money. Contact my people. Anyway, this is what I wear. I've been wearing this for like five years. You can wear a Wump to the Wump is a good device. It's a kind of dorky to me, especially if you wear it as soon as you look like spy kids. Fuck that shit. Or you can wear Apple Watch. Apple Watch is good. It'll track your calories you burn throughout the day. Or you can get a Fitbit. Or you can get a Samsung watch. Now the only problem getting a Samsung watch is that I'm not confident that anyone has ever had a vaginal intercourse. If a human woman, while wearing a Samsung watch, I really don't believe it has ever happened. It definitely hasn't been recorded in human history. Samsung watch is probably the best if you've taken a Val with celibacy or if you were nine or you just really live this nerd shit. If you really about that geek life, right? Get yourself a Samsung watch. It doesn't matter. Along with you have some device that will track how many calories you burn each day. Now these devices aren't 100% accurate, but they give you a good idea. Now check this out. Let's say this guy, he's burning up near 2500 calories per day, which is fucking light work. That's nothing. Some of y'all burn more calories than this. Goon man. And that's the thing, man. You're a fitness track if you wear all the time. They'll track your goons as well. And if you have a Samsung watch, you know you goon in. You want a goon squat. Some might go on in your bedroom. It looks like spider-man was in that motherfucking thing because you've just been goonin' out. You're in that motherfucking web sling. Out your penis. So look at this. All right. There's a formula here to track your deficit. You get that in your victory vision planner. But he's in 500 calorie deficit, each is that boom, he burned the match number 3500. He should lose a pound of fat per week. If you hit his numbers and you don't have it loss of pound of fat, then maybe your fitness trackers, not as accurate as you think. And then you got to adjust accordingly after like one week. But you can step it up way more than this. Twenty-five hundred calories is fucking light to work. That's what you want to burn two pounds of fat per week. I burned between 3,500 and 4,000 calories a day. But I am a maniac. But this is reasonable. Three thousand calories per day. Now you win a 1000 calorie deficit. Boom, 700 calorie sold for the way you should have burned two pounds of fat. It's very important that you track so you know you're doing everything right. Because what happens is people don't track shit. They're not as consistent. Let's say you do the shit. You're doing the shit. You're on this two days. Two days are a cool man. And then one day it's like, oh man, somebody has the after work function. All right, and you out here are all right, man. You know what? I'm gonna have some drinks. The next thing you know you have some appetizers. You can get it extra thousand calories. Easy. Boom, all right. So that's just what they meant. Just after work, we're now with the boys. We're all winning our Samsung watches. These got a little crazy. You got to the computer signing seminar. And then you're in crazy. Then Friday comes. Oh, it's the weekend, man. Gotta go out. It's the weekend. Oh shit, you know? Yes, you start out here at Cancraisey. You have a party and then you know, man. One day comes up, man. You know, let's watch the game with the boys, right? And then, we're having this like, oh man, I don't need to work out this day. That day, you went out. You probably didn't fucking burn all the calories. You probably didn't work out that day, right? So now you back to your regular shit. And then maybe you took another day off from training. So you didn't burn as many calories. You said, fuck it on the weekends. You didn't work out at all on the weekends. And now look at you. You accomplished nothing. Fuck the part about not being consistent is most days you still suck the a day. This is what you got to do when you can't lose weight. You do it most at a time. But doing it most at a time being inconsistent, the problem with being inconsistent is you do just enough to fail. Right? Because this is failure. You burn no calories. You might as well have done nothing. Right? I would rather you done nothing, because at least you don't fool yourself in the thing you accomplish something. This is what a consistency looks like. That's why you got a track that makes sure you're on point every day. It's very important that you track it. So get that big to read vision planner and track it. Because it's easy to fuck up. Oh man, I can just do a year in here or everything in moderation. But blah, listen, everything in moderation is the battle cry of the inconsistent. I've never heard somebody say that in accomplice their goals. Now, if you want a diet plan to hit this calories, you can just use the formula. I gave you, or you can go back to sky then and say, hey, this guy wants to lose a, say, two pounds of fat per week. Right. Him a diet plan that will help him accomplish it. Make sure he gets one pound of protein per pound of body weight. Now I'm saying this guy, you would write meat. So the reason you have to tell Chad Jippity to prioritize protein because you just have to give a context. You got to know what you're on now. You see sky net set, calorie deficit of a thousand calories per day, right? Boom, maintain muscle with that much protein. Boom. And then now you got the sample meal plan and you can make edits to this. Lot of people don't notice, you can make edits to this. Like for me, I don't like chicken breasts. Chicken breasts is for women, right? So like you know, rewrite it without chicken breasts because I hate it. Chicken breasts for women, everybody knows that. So now rewind it. Chicken free sample meals. Right. But you can do the make as many just as you want. And there you go, you can get the meal plan straight from Chad Jippity. You might be thinking how do I burn as many calories I need to burn. Now this is already good. So true, is you don't need to actually do cardio to burn fat. Lot of people don't know that. Cardio will help in it with expedite things, but diet is most important. You can't outrain a bad diet, but you can't outdie a bad training. So you don't even need to do any cardio for this, right? But you can. But this right here, this deficit right here, this milk plan will put you in the thousand calorie deficit. So that's your beauty. You want to lose two pounds of fat per week. It will give you a thousand calorie deficit because it knows what's up. Right. But let's say you take it to the next level. Right. Him a workout plan that helps him maintain and get a six pack. Here's the most important part of this plant. Place it off of the teachings of handsome famous YouTuber, Brandon Carter. You gotta do that, so make sure it gives you something good. It might give you some bullshit without that. And you gotta put handsome famous YouTuber, Brandon Carter, because there's other Brandon Carter's in the world. It might give you some fuck shit. Now here we go, man. This bitch gave you push pool legs. This is you went to my fucking classic old school, Brandon Carter. He went and dug it to the archives. You know, the impact when I used to do intermediate fast. That's fine. So that's what I used to do push pool legs. All right, cool, man. It's fine. You can also do my YouTube videos. I have a bunch of hit cardio that burn in YouTube videos. You can do those two. It's the one's the main thing to do. If you see a final. They're right here on this page. Here's something I would say. When you're doing your diet plan, I do low carbs. But you don't have low carbs. You could tell chat to you to make it low carbs. There is one advantage through low carbs. You lose a lot of water weight as well as fat. But you also lose a lot of water weight. And people say, man, you just lose a water weight. Just lose a water weight. That is not insignificant. Because if you lose water weight, you will look better in your abs or show them the prominent. This is the reason why bodybuilders, physique competitors, bikini competitors. They all, the hydrogens themselves before the show. Right? Because they look more musk and you can see their six pack in the definition better. So it's not insignificant when it comes to how you look. When it comes to bodycups, losing water weight will help you look better and low carb will help you lose body weight. Super fast. You don't have to do it. But if you just want to take it to the next level, I think you should do it. Now, let me give you the cheat code. Here the supplements you should take when you're on this thing to really take it to the next level. One supplement that I take, especially if you're going to do low carbs, you should do this. If you're not going to do low carbs, I don't know if it's necessary. Elemente and I drink about two or three of those a day because I do keto. And I get the water bit of flavor because I have a genetic predisposition to like in water and really. And this will prevent you from getting what they call the keto flu. The main reason people get the keto flu is because as I told you, low carbs will flush out a lot of your water weight. But with that water weight, you'll lose a lot of electrolytes. And when you lose a lot of electrolytes, you'll feel like shit. And elementis is easy way to replace it. I drink it in a morning, maybe one during the day, maybe another one later on a day. Now, that's just for low carbs. Everyone wants to do these next ones. Cat theme. Cat theme is one of my favorite supplements. I love it more than anything. I take it from additional reasons and recreationally. Right? I recommend you take two to 300 milligrams of caffeine, two to three times a day. Based off your tolerance. I'm doing like a gram of caffeine per day, man. You know how I wrote, but I've worked my way up to the ab and abusing caffeine since I was a child. Like two decades straight of just abusing caffeine. If you drink in like one or two cups of coffee day, man, it's working number. You got a pump to numbers up. The reason you want to take caffeine is caffeine will give you more energy. Right? Because if you're in a chloro deficit, but you've got to move more, right? The burn more calories. But you're eating less. You might get tired, you might get some lethargy, right? Caffeine will help you with that. Caffeine is a potent appetite suppressive, right? So you'll be less hungry. And it will help increase thermal genesis. For those reasons, it will help you burn fat. It raises your heart rate so you burn your more calories at rest. I take so much caffeine. So it's not the feels like my heart's going to jump out of my chest and start doing work for me. But you can do whatever you want. You can take caffeine pills, pre-workout. That's my preferred way to get it. Got like the little tingles. You can pre-work out, you know when you eat or start tingling a little bit. You have to take so much pre-workout. Back here, I ball start to twitch. Say, no, it's work. I like that feeling. You might not. Then you just get it from coffee. The next supplement you need to say, warning. This may be on the band substance list for some athletic shit. If you like in the NCAA or if you uh, NFL superstar list and if you are a motherfucking pro athlete, you probably now watching videos on how to get six back pro. Alright, so regular motherfucking thing got to worry about this shit, right? But I just want to put that out there. It's called a fedger. When I was a kid, every fat burner had a fedger in it. This is the 90s we talked about hammer time when two pop was alive. Why did the fedger work? Because a fedgera is one of the few supplements that's actually proven the burn fat. It doesn't infuse different ways, but one of the ways is fat burnin is a two-part process. Lepolicis and oxidation. Lepolicis is one of fat cells is broken down into fatty acids and oxidation is one of those fat cells I converted into energy. A fedgera has been proven in studies to increase the rate of the policies, right? Which is the first half of fat burn. But it also gives you a ton of energy. So now you can burn off those fatty acids that's oxidation, right? And you're going to need that because remember you are in a chloride deficit, which is a mild form of starvation, right? You're getting less calories than you need to survive, right? And you've got to move more so you need that extra energy, but it's a home. It's a home appetite suppressor. So it's easier for you to stick to your diet and resist cravings. They made that shit illegal to put in bodybuildin supplements in the late 90s. I don't know, I guess somebody. Some other fuck is died or some shit, you know what I'm saying? But I think that was just natural selection. I don't think God wanted it in the past. They're genes on. I'm down with taking a fed drift. You can still get it. You don't need prescription. You just go to pharmacy. You've got to give me your ID, so don't think you break in bad or some shit. And I'll think you turn an acid in the meth or whatever. And you say, let me get some of that bronch aid. And it'll give it to you. It's as a asma medication, but a fed drift is like the main ingredient. I suggest you take it with your caffeine two to three times a day. Assess your tolerances. Maybe take it once see how you feel. I'm going to shit right now. Before I sit down in this chair, I took three end of grams of caffeine, popped a bronch aid, and you see how good this video is. It's a performance enhancer. The next thing you take is this shit called ketone aid. They don't pay me either. It's endorsed. But I do know the CEO, that's my dog. And this is an exogenous ketone. So how this works is, exogenous ketones are basically an alternative fuel source that your body can use. And you don't have to be on keto to take this. It'll give you more energy and it will suppress your appetite. It won't burn fat directly, right? But it will suppress your appetite. So make it easier for you to stick to your diet and resist cravings. Like ways, you're in, give you more energy. So you can do these hard as a brand and card to work out. That you got from Chad Jepidy. And it just works so well together. The stack, I called it the keto illegal stack. Ketone aid 300 milligrams of caffeine, some of that bronch aid. Two to three times a day. It's the shit, man. I never did cocaine, but I can't imagine. If cocaine gives you more energy than this, I see why cocaine is illegal. If you're new to these stimulants, you might not want to take it too late at night. You might not be able to sleep that well. But that's cool, man. Now you can just stay up burning more calories. Get some work done. But just, you know, maybe you don't want to take it too late. It's nine o'clock and I took some right before this. I'm gonna go to sleep in an hour. So I knew that it is, I'm true to this. I could smoke, it's angel dust and go this bed if I wanted to. I'm really good at sleeping, but you might struggle with that. This is a solid plan for you to get a six pack this summer. Using AI, however, some of y'all want to do it a little faster. Some of y'all want to get ripped in just two weeks. If that's you, I got a way more intense plan in a video that I published other day. Go watch that video right now. It's intense. Let's say you're already in good shape. Well, you're in decent shape. And you want to learn how to help other people get in shape. I made my first million as an online trainer. And now I teach other people how to start. They're online training businesses. I've helped over 15 down people. I grow successful online fitness businesses. If you want to learn how to grow your online fitness businesses well, I got a free ebook called The 10 Command is the online training. It'll really break down what it's like to be online training or and how to do it. The link is in the description. It's 100% free. Go check it out. And you don't need to be certified. You don't need to have a lot of experience. You do have to have heart, though. Check out the book. See you for the right for you. It's free. Links in the description. All right. Peace.

=== FILE: How to Make So Much Money in 2025 (to retire yourself) [2aKOFNM01SE].txt ===

We got a new president. There's a new regime coming in and depending on what side of the Al-U-R-U-R either super excited about that or your super devastated or if you'd like me You'd like, hey, I was gonna find a way to win either way. I wasn't really trippin. However, the market has spoken So since Trump was elected the market has skyrocket just on the news of him getting elected. So let's check this out Since the election we're gonna ignore the Dodge coin shit, but you know, look at all the stocks that are up But what I wanted to focus on is S&P 500 is up the dollar is up Small caps stocks are up the bank stocks are up Bitcoin is is way up volatility index is down 27% the market has pretty much spoken and there's got to be a reason why the financial markets have responded So positively to a Trump victory, right? Because they think it's gonna be good for the economy And this is not some political shit. I don't give a fuck about no political shit I'm not a Democrat or a Republican I have our rest days blue states I'm in a green state green state of mind. I'm all about getting there money. All right, so how do we capitalize off this in 2025? One of my boys he posted something on Instagram now take this with a grain of salt because he's a hardcore Republican I totally give you a heads up You got about six months to get your shit together and four years the capitalized on the fact that you took the next six months to get your shit together You see just a week after the election crypto back on fire stop market back on fire The fans are gonna adjust the inter-trade because Trump's already beef him with Powell They're gonna get the mortgage market dial back in They're already talking about putting mandates on credit card interest limits cash is about to be Everywhere once again over taxes lower interest rates These are things that drive an economy yet got about six months to prepare yourself and your business for this and you'll be able to write it out for the next four The six years assuming four does a breakout in the meantime You need to capitalize on this unique opportunity because we may never get this again We fumbled it a little bit before we fumbled it from 2016 keep in mind. He's a hardcore Republican You could tell that by looking at but I believe that right and the one reason I believe that is because Like the financial markets have spoken like just him getting elected, right? So I really believe we're about to be in an economic boom now This may have some ramifications down the line that we might pay four years later I don't want to get to political but when interest rates get lower like that and it's all this cash everywhere The way he says but that doesn't help inflation Right, so you're gonna have to pay for that at some point the interest rates are gonna have to go back up at some point Right, but now we need to capitalize while we got a window now windows about to open up I believe this in my heart trunk will do whatever he can to keep the economy roaring while he's president It's nothing else for his ego It nothing else so he can say he did it he doesn't give a fuck what happens after he leaves So we got four years to make this happen and I want to talk about how we can capitalize on this all right Here's the strategy I'm gonna lay out for you now I really do believe we're gonna have a unique opportunity What he said we may not get it again. I do believe that because I don't think the decisions that are made are gonna be good long-term How does the country make money taxes right and if the taxes are super low for significant amount of time Plus interest rates are super low, so there's a lot of money and I mean If you don't get rich during these next four years These will be a lot more difficult with a huge after these four years, all right, but anyway, right So the first thing you need to do is Control spending I mean my first million during Obama administration right I was a millionaire But if you look at those old videos when it's time I was still living in the small crib and Queens with a cat running around And I wasn't out here flexing I was wearing an apple watch no shirt some brand Jordan Joggers that I wore every day every video, right I wasn't flexing even though I was a millionaire Why is that the way you get rich is to make more money that you spend in an invested difference? It's kind of like if you want it to build muscle you have to consume more calories And you burn you have to be in a clorex surplus right it's the same thing with money I'm what you think about it that kind of way right you need to make more money You spend so we need to put a cap on spinning the next four years is not the time for you just to be flexing hard Right it's not the time to buy the landbows because the interest rates I low is not the time to increase your your living expenses I don't want to advocate austerity but I want you to be very kind to the inches about your spending during these years right because if you can Make way more than you spend in invested difference especially if you're an invested during these four years I really believe you're going to get some amazing Returns that I'm going to be astronomical but if you spend the money on on bullshit man It's going to be difficult for you to succeed in those circumstances right so first and we need to do is we need to start tracking Spending you need to we need to track or spending right so if you watch my videos from like a decade ago I was talking about tracking every dollar I spend with mid dot com however Mid dot com said now so now we use monarch you want to use monarch to track every dollar you're spending both in your business In your personal life and try to cut out everything is unnecessary I'm necessary subscriptions any bullshit really try to just cut spin I'm not telling you start clipping coupons or Bragging about making your own coffee right when I talk about like legit austerity But we are talking about putting a cat on how much we're going to spin right now right now We want to do hardcore investing straight up if you don't need it don't buy it All right, we're not flexing we want to track spending as much as you want to make sure you do not increase Lifestyle. I don't care how much more money you make how much you bought do not increase your lifestyle Do that shit in five years so whatever Create you live and keep living in that shit do not raise living expenses When what they do that really fucks people up? They start making some money and they immediately start increasing their living expenses and because of that They never are able to have enough to invest you want to keep your living expenses cat Right, we do not increase our living expenses We want to increase our stock pile of fucking money and we put that money to work Because that's how you get rich make more money than you spend and invest the difference I'm gonna say that maybe a trillion times in this video and then the next step we need to do we need to have six months of savings So basically you want to have enough money that you can survive for six months because anything it happened Well, there's something happened last time Trump was in office. It shut down the fucking global economy for a little while Right the C 19 what is some shit like to have this again? This is gonna give you a different kind of confidence. It's like your safety net Imagine if you have to walk across a tight rope if you don't have a safety net You're probably gonna have more trepidation than if you know you're gonna be alright no matter what six months to savings Right stack that up when I say six months to savings I mean you have enough money to cover your living expenses for six months and you do that when you track it So track every dollar you spend every dollar you make the next thing you need to do You might not want to hear this, but you want to work more. This is one of the reasons I don't know why I I would go viral if I told you move because it's an easy quick way to get rich But I'm always talking about hey man work 80 hours a week You know, it's not easy to market that right but work more why do you need to work more because the more you sweat Don't piece the less you bleed during war. I really believe we're about to enter a booming economic time a Bull market the likes of which we may have not seen in a while We need to have enough money to invest in it right a lot of you my fuck is missed the last bull market Because you were broke you do not need to stop until you right you need to make sure you're getting as much money as possible Right, so you need to be working 80 hours a week now This is where people who want to get rich right don't leave a comment don't make a reaction video talking about Man, life's not about that life's about this or that or that listen if you have other priorities outside of getting rich Then I want you to focus on those and be happy, man I'm super excited for you. Right if you found another way to be happy or you have something else That you want to do outside of financial abundance then go pursue that go this video is not for you I don't know why you hear you don't need to leave a comment saying you don't know where they are You don't need to make some reaction video. This wasn't a vice for you. You got the shit figured out obviously Right, this is for people who want to get fucking rich You know how many of you are rich not a lie So if you want to do something that most people haven't done you have to do stuff that most people aren't doing or aren't willing to do and One of those things is work 80 hours a week if you do that you should be able to double your income right according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics The average of work in worse between 38 and 40 hours a week so if we double that you should double your income How can you do that? Well, we got to look at the time exercise there are 168 hours in every week if you sleep at hours a night Right that's 56 hours right so that's when I leave you with 112 hours left all right now if you work 112 But those hours you want to have 32 hours left that's still enough time to you know kick it with your family Do whatever you need to do have fun play grab and who gives a fuck do whatever you want and those other 32 hours but you got time you actually just have to allocate that time better Right I have videos of on how to structure your time in Google calendar and shit at that nature right is very important If you do that you should be able to make more money you should be able to make more money and then you can start investing That's very important work 80 hours a week or we need one to do is invest half Your income at least half you may be thinking man I can't live off half my income you can't live off half your current income because if you're like the average American You're working 34 hours a week right. I'm telling you to double that right you double the work You should be able to double the income right. I don't care what you do get a second job get a third job drive Uber's after work fucking do door-dash after work I don't give a fuck what you do man work 80 hours a week and invest the other half what do you invest in? We'll talk about that later in the video, but it best have I believe it's gonna be a period of time You're gonna look back at it right and you're gonna be you want it two things to happen Like damn and that was the time I really set up my family and myself for life or you're gonna look back and be like damn I really fumble that opportunity That's what happened after the last recession in O8 everything was on sale And I didn't have money because I was broke because my father killed herself the year before and I was working 80 hours a week during a recession Starting my business and I didn't invest when things started to recover when we entered like a decade long bull market I wasn't investing not in the markets these house investing my own business and that worked out well for me But I wish I would have money in the market's back then you think Tesla was cheap last year Imagine what it was in in 2008 2009 you think Apple was fucking was cheap last year Imagine what it was in 2008 imagine if I would have put money in the back then Some of y'all missed the last bull market. I don't know whether that happened and I know some of y'all Maybe weren't even fucking old enough to invest back then right so you probably looking at your parents And you should you look at them like damn Well fucking you just missed that whole ship. What was you doing? What was you doing you don't want to kiss look at you like that when we hit this one? All right and best half your income and again in order to do more you gonna have to planning your calendar Because you still gonna have to do other stuff you still gonna have to work out You're still gonna have to spend some time with your girlfriend wife children Right and it's okay you can do that. I'm not telling you in neglect anybody I'm telling you to plan your life more you don't sacrifice your children You don't sacrifice your family you don't sacrifice your spouse You don't sacrifice sleep. You don't sacrifice your health What you do sacrifice is the bullshit right you do sacrifice the video games You do sacrifice clubbing you do sacrifice Born hub oh f or whatever the bullshit job fucking spending time doing You sacrifice the bullshit in service of your goals right don't sacrifice your family or your health I'm not telling you not to do that. I'm telling you to sacrifice the bullshit right just imagine imagine A virgin himself that didn't waste time that didn't fuck around Right that maximize every hour of every day in service of their goals if you have been doing that for the last two years Where would you be right now? Probably be a lot better off? Let's do that for the next 365 days out problems your whole fucking life of change if you fucking Really plan after time and squeeze as much success out of each day as possible For the next 365 days this time next year you look back to be a different person people will be like damn He got lucky like not man. I got fucking busy. I got the work so we're gonna control our spin And we're gonna work more the reason we're doing that what you get rich is you make more money You spend and invest the difference over a long period of time. Let me show you something So if we pull up the trust the compound interest calculator, so let's say you you got you got two grand All right, boom. Let's say you said you start making more money you spend you able to put aside $2,000 a month All right, let's say you did that for 20 years because it's a meaker right and you've visited it in the S&P 500 which has an average annual return of 10% Most conservatives should you can do we calculate this shit right after 20 years you have almost $1.4 million $1,000 right at year 10 you'd have 30 you know close to 400 grand. I really think that these numbers are conservative because I think over the next four years I think we're gonna see some dramatic jumps I think it's gonna be way more than 10% I think we had the possibility the market is spoken the financial markets have told us what they think about a Trump Presidency I think we should just listen to them because that's where most of the money in the world is But let's say man you fucking win we're super hard. Let's just double this Whether it happens our managed returns it still a lot more money, man Now we get close to three million and then you close to a million in 10 years I still think these numbers are conservative especially this one the amount of compounds All right, this is just the S&P 500 average returns right what if you could do better than that and that leads us to the third thing we need to do is We need to develop skills because if you can develop skills you can might you might be able to make more money Not just in the markets, but you know it's a hundred things, right? So we need to figure out some sort of high-income skill specifically for business if you started business or even fewer employee Right, you know if you want to have a job for example my top sales guy last year, you know He made I think around $400,000 last year, right? But he's really good at sales. That's a high-income skill if you know how to work AI that can be a high-income skill Neymas a video editor for a famous handsome YouTuber. That's a high-income skill You film you you need to figure out things that help you get more money during this, right? Because not only do we want to work more we want to get paid because if you could have a high-income skill Then you could work more and get paid more for the time you work, right? If you don't have high-income skills and you've got to do like labor shit low-income skills drive Uber Door dash fucking baggage claim on that this and those people don't need difference between them It's someone who high-income skills the person with the highest come skill took the time to learn it Right, then that better people or worse people is just other people get paid more for their time because they have the leverage of skills Right, so you need to get that too so you can so when you're working more you can get paid more for the time you work But that doesn't mean work less like sometimes people like me One that just get a job to pay more work 40 hours because we want to maximize our earned your potential We're not trying to see what's the least we can do we're trying to fucking maximize our earned your potential So we could take advantage of this fucking bull run that I think America is about the experience for the next four years Lees I don't know what's going to happen at that you develop that high-income skill in some ways you can learn your high-income skills You could take classes go back to college Coursera they have class it's like online college organization, right? I'm taking a class on Coursera right now. It's that's my own pace like right now This is some shit on AI. I'm always learning you can buy courses from other people you can join Masterminds mentor ships wherever you need to do the acquired skills is okay Roll back in college. I don't know whatever you want to do next thing we need to do is Invest in learning like I took I'm taking courses right now. I'm part of different masterminds This year was the first year. I didn't spend over a hundred thousand dollars on my own education and all the reason I didn't do it this year It's because I was a speaker at a lot of different masterminds I'm a board Jeremy he has a mastermind pretty successful in one with a lot of height That were people and I speak at that right, but I'm able to actually attend this shit too up until like this year I've spent over like a hundred thousand dollars on my education But I spent a lot of money this year too. Like I still buy courses I read two books per week I've been doing that for 15 years like whatever you need to do and best in learning even if just books Even if it's just fresh in online it that's all you could afford and do with that then you invest the time the next thing you need to do is Learn how to invest in Market when I say markets. I mean the real estate market stock market the crypto market You need to learn how to invest in these things. You can't just throw money at the shit If you don't want to learn to sit then you need to just buy index fund S&B 500 the individual investor can be the market Right the reason that headphone investors can't be the market because they are the market The market is moved by institutional investors not retail investors like you and I right So they're like playing against themselves. That's why it's difficult for them to beat the market We can because we're not moving billions of dollars around right, but you really need to learn how to invest if you work more In control of spending remember how do you get rich? Big more money than you spend and invest the difference right again And you invest it in either your own business real estate or the stock market I'll go crypto when there to right seeing this is survival right now All right, but in order to have you got money in the best so when you work more in control You're spending then you have money to invest when you develop skills and you work more that combination Then you make more money and then when you control your spending and Develop skills now you're in control right you gain control of your own destiny right right now You're in control because you got skills right so now you can kind of set your own path Right and you controlling your spending you have more real control over your your outcomes And I really think that's the role map to get a rich in 2025 if you got some goals that you did you're setting I got a free goal and habit tracker right that I help you with that the link is in the description down low depth When that now it's you don't have to put your email in or anything It's just a notion template to help you plan out your goals and Track your habits to make sure you're on the right track and if you want to learn a high income skill During a recession after my father killed herself I was working all those jobs But they were like mostly like labor blue collar type jobs like moving company's and she's security You know personal training low level jobs right I developed a skill of online training I was one of the first people to do online training I was in that class people pioneered it and that's how I really started making way more money And I was able to start investing in that's how I got rich if you want to learn how you could start your online fitness business I got a free ebook called the tank a man with one line training right and it'll put you It'll start moving you down that path where you could learn about it Maybe it's a viable option for you. Maybe it's not but if you like fitness and you like help people accomplish your goals It for me that was something that I'd mind working hard at I didn't mind putting in 80 hours a week helping people get in great shape There's a lot of fun to me. I enjoyed I enjoyed it this day. I still train people and you might enjoy that to it That might be something that you enjoy because if you could find something to enjoy then this 80 hours a week It's not as arduous it doesn't seem as difficult click the link in the description and you can download that ebook for free, alright

=== FILE: How to Position Yourself as a High-Value Man (ft. Michael Sartain) [u4-ppLvsAPQ].txt ===

I need you for your social media to not This is such a dumb of the best game and any guy can do this What are like? Three things a man can do to improve not only is like but his sexual market value Yeah, number one is the network like we talked about before like so networks give you access So it's one of these things that you you know being on the other end of it I know that in every city there's parties with beautiful women that you as a man are not invited to Because you have a penis and they don't need you there. They don't want you there They don't want they seriously don't want you there and at those parties It's like four girls for every guy Because there's these places that are awesome that are going on that you're not invited to because your network It doesn't trust you and people don't see any valued in you So one of the first things I tell guys it's really cool a lot of people don't like hearing this But your value to society not your family But your value to society is based on your utility the more problems you solve and you'll notice like when I go out with you or if I go out with Last or if I go out with Justin Waller or my go out with some of you guys our conversations were always solving problems Yeah, what do I do with my sales team? How do I run these ads? We're always solving problems for one another And we build value in one another's eyes because of that that's how we became wealthy This is because we saw problems So the first thing I'm gonna say is have an incredible network and that network with those guys that you meet that are Do you considered be high status or if you want to be a mentor for? Figure out how to solve problems for them Sometimes they didn't even know they had don't ask them what problems they need solved either That's the hard part because now you're creating another problem for if all you did with solve problems for other people and ask for nothing in return You'd be shot damn flightman is probably the best example of this you'd have just infinite access to anything you want it Yeah, second thing I'll say is you need to figure out a way to at least show perceived status on social media I need you for your social media to not disqualify you. Okay. Yeah, you don't you don't have to be fucking Dade or So what we have is there's pre-selection photos which is the ones with the girls you don't have to post those Some of it so my clients do then there's candid photos of you just doing cool stuff with your friends And the trick is having a buddy and he takes candid photos of you and you take candid photos of him And we teach you how to do this step by step in the course and then the third part Well, I don't want to skip over there because that's like marketing right marketing image, you know And I wouldn't people say I don't do social media No, it's like it would be like in the 80s not having a business card or like you know If you're a billionaire if you want to an Academy Award you want an NBA champion Yeah, you don't you don't need social media for the rest of you if you're a man the idea that you're going to go out and date Attractive women if you are sitting there with the hurricane and you make a million a month and you live in Miami You're right you probably can by word of mouth just bank super hot chicks that you meet on seeking arrangement I'm not telling you that you can't I'm talking about for the other 99% of men the average guy in the United States is five foot nine And when they say that's not what they prefer in the average guy in the United States makes $59,000 a year And women really don't prefer that you know the average guy in the United States is overweight and women really don't prefer that either And so when you see those things you're like, I how does that guy get the access to a girl who's out of his league Go back to the study I said before having them putting them in the friends own having them See your attractive qualities for a number of months She doesn't friends on you you're not her gay friend. Yeah, you're not you got you still have boundaries My home girls will tell me stories and I'll be like, oh, that was pretty fucking stupid You should have broken up with that guy. I talked to them like they're a dude But we're friends and I do that And they're like you said nine months. There's no correlate you can be ugly and data super hot girl This data is clear on this you guys don't know some of you guys are out there But 99% of you watching this your social media's garbage if you're a man and if you had one awesome photo of you with some girls on a red carpet smiling I'm in a great time where they're happy to see you that photos worth 20 grand to you You don't realize it is but it's worth 20 more than that 30 grand to you Because you don't really having one photo where girls are like oh other girls like being around the sky. Yeah, oh, okay I am gonna open his messages when I talk to you Yeah, okay, I'm not gonna put him in the request folder the thing about social media It's not everything but it's so little effort for such a massive return You have to do it. I know this girl man. I was cool there like I hired some of her She trained sales people to sick us Shelby. Yeah, right? She trained sales people we hire some of her girls to do some stuff and she had posted You know it's the graph my perfect guy doesn't even have social media. She posted this right miss She just got a boyfriend to do got 2 million dollars It's always like that It's like she's saying though, but guys, please Rule number one in men of action is stop listening to the words and just pay attention to people's actions Women on social media complaining about they don't want to date men or on social media where are they complaining on social media? Stop listening to the words Even like that's why like when we're we're gonna be our first to fit and grow say I want this guy What's got in my retros get them a Lord of sand's like my right my image. She means that but she's not lying But it doesn't fucking mad. Yeah, just not her. I know girls said oh, I don't usually date black guys But they will be with me. Yeah, the old time ago. Big yeah The third thing is what we said before putting hundreds of women in the friends on it's so weird It's like you just flow through these social interactions When you have two beautiful women with you you just flow through these interactions You get invited to everyone everyone wants to know your name everyone tries to get your IG everyone gets your phone number Just if you don't believe me try it. Just try it one time for me When I was managing strip club I remember there was one day where one of the girls comes to me and goes Hey, we're all gonna celebrate so-and-so's birthday I'm gonna go to sixth street in Austin and we're gonna celebrate so-and-so's birthday So I go there and it's me and it's 20 girls and I'm the only guy there and my thought is oh damn Other girls are gonna see me and think one of these girls my girlfriend and not like me or oh my god Why have to buy alcohol for all these girls? Again, I'm 21. I don't know any better. Of course. What happens? They don't even check my ID when I walk in the club Okay, they don't charge the girls for anything because I'm with 20 hot girls Yeah, and women are coming up to me literally just like almost Groping me like who is this dude with 20 girls? I didn't understand mate choice copying in humans But like I didn't know that's what it was called back then I just thought we just called it pre-selection back then you know I met the late Kevin Samuels I came cool and but when I first met in our member I was at Mastros, right? And I was at Mastros with like two girls. Yeah, we were at sitting at a table outside and then I had to go to the front for some and I saw Kevin I was like he didn't know I was right. Yeah, this one and he was kind of like trying to be like cool He didn't want to be bothered. I was all there and then I went back and I was sitting I was eating with two girls right and then Kevin was sitting next to him. He was by himself. Maybe I don't know if he it was it was pretty early right The end of me he's come over starts always like that. It's always like that. It's always like that I can tell you so many of my friends right now who are either extremely successful Well, the or whatever I met them because they saw me with a group of girls. Yeah, and I introduced them to the girls And I was just chill about it whatever so that we were talking about money you know before The issue with money is this using money to create a funnel to bring beautiful women Is the correct way to do it using money because as a crutch because you don't know how to generate attraction is the wrong way So creating a funnel meaning like I have a mansion in mid-beach and I have parties every week We have brunch and then we invite a bunch of girls and everyone has to dress and white and we have it in its catering And I'm not directly giving the girls the money but women want to be seen in my house I am gonna be surrounded by women. So using money as a funnel to bring beautiful women into my life That's okay using money is a crutch buying a girl a bag who I'm going on the first date with that's insanity But men are doing this all the time and I know cuz women are telling me Yeah, I got a girl come over my house the other day. She's on she's on What's that app sex panther? It's kind of like only fans whatever And they but they charge by the men Expanse sex panther they charge by the minute she's on there and like we're watching a I will the last of us or some show she goes oh I got to take this call goes up Takes the call comes back because I just made $355 like the guy just like just wanted to talk to me for a long time I was like what the fuck that's crazy anything that you can think as far as depraved rich men Right women are getting this which is inflating their egos to what they can get and it's just ruining for everyone Oh, so my advice is to not play that game instead the game I would get into is Presurrection and social proof having women Tell other women that you are an attractive man. I get I have two female friends like they they're like incredible I call my sergeants. They know exactly what to say to girls to get them interested in me They're both like married or they're in relationships and they're just trying to help me It's one of the craziest things I've ever seen is when you have a woman who can do that how amazing that is For for uplifting your life and then also building your business. It's just incredible the guests I get on my show a lot of times there's because of woman introduced me I'm the I am the host of swimsuit USA's world championship is a woman who won the thing Recommended me to get that job. I have a bunch of job. I work at Part time is a a trade or I'm a quant for a small fund and the reason I got that job was because of Woman and Karen Bruton who taught me how to trade stock options Right so it's like it was connections that happened because women would introduce me to other women Oh, women would introduce me to men and so it's just one of the biggest cheat codes But the problem is you as a man if you've been hurt by women you have to get over that initial Wait, they're subhuman. I don't fuck all these three or four is blah blah Need free I'm taking the frame. Let's say on this three or fours are a great way to fucking network Don't date them you need to be friends with more hose Yeah, don't date them. I'm not telling you to date them. I'm not telling you to marry them be friends with them Almost every billion-air-eyed met. It's been some model who introduced me It's almost always that way that's the thing. It's kind of hard for guys to grasp and then there's a great book She's a professor of sociology at Boston University and her name's Ashley Meyers really great. She did woman as a PhD And she was a runway model and so she went undercover as a bottle rat for two years and then just basically Describe the whole models and bottles seen from her perspective as a woman being a PhD in psychology And one of the things she talked about was in the Hamptons. This is some incredible wealth that you got in the Hamptons, right? The only way guys could get into every party in the Hamptons was what do you think? Have a girls having girls with them incredible networking opportunities Or to be had because you had girls you couldn't buy your way into these these parties You had to have girls with you like that's the thing. I just keep trying to explain to guys But it's so antithetical to modern matchmaking pick-up advice just typical dating advice whatever Can most guys be friends with most women? No most men cannot be friends with my female friends because they're too attractive If you do 15-month deployment in Afghanistan, you can't be friends with women if you do work in jail for 10 years and you can out first woman You see you can't be friends with them, but if you have some level of sexual abundance You're sleeping with women right? Right? This connection is so pretty easy. It sounded like you're saying the guys who say Who say don't be friends with girls the guys who don't really get pussy Yeah, what I'm hearing but if you get it Also here's the other thing you're you're in my one or four is our standards that probably going up What you find is physically attractive for me? Dude when I was in college 18 or 80 blind cripple crazy. I didn't care You know, I was in college. I didn't care. I was just like Wow sex is incredible. Oh my god. I was in a sexual deficit Right? That's how it was in my 20s and my 40s. I'm super picky So because I'm a most women or not that attractive to me Very easy to be friends with women. You're not trying to do it. Yeah, if I would recommend if you find a woman You're not attracted to that's a great person to put in the friends up But not to try to focus. I think what guys fuck it up is it would a day we're shit We're trying to fuck their friends friends own yeah, you get friends Don't try to fuck your friends like a fucking weirdo like actually I have girlfriends and fuck their friend Yeah, or like whether women they help you introduce to it's always the same thing on meter girl Like she says she has a boyfriend but she's like perfect 10 in mind On me I'll complete no show or no sexual intent whatsoever. I'll invite her to all my events Yeah, meet her friends. She'll have me over for parties. We'll do card night whatever we do friend stuff And it should have a hot female friend or roommate whatever And I'm sleeping with her. I end up sleeping with the other one almost every time the first Oh really because because she's watching because she's watching I give it from her standpoint. It's like there's this guy who other women find attractive We don't fight there's no drama There's nothing and I just keep watching all these other women want to sleep with him laugh around him whatever This is the part guys will understand a traction isn't a choice if a woman keeps seeing you in attractive situations one after another if she just keeps seeing beautiful women attracted to you She's going to become attracted to you and she can't help it that is so it's so hard for for So first of all women don't even admit that this is true What I'm telling you is that if you had a ton of female friends and they were competing for your attention Yeah, there's no game they can't help but become attracted to you. It's an evolutionarily program And that's what makes it so difficult and I'm the only person since oh wait who's been teaching I mean if you ever if you ever you know talked to like a club or motor or If you forget a club or like a male script like some guy who's just a despise Been with hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of mm-hmm if you ask them you're like so every girl you get with is a sex worker She's a slut and they're like no Yeah, I get a female accountants who've been with one guy their whole life. Yeah, that's like wait I thought because you're a man who slept with a bunch of women you only get because of a sort of Mating and fucking Uh sociosexuality you only get slutty women no women are attracted to attractive men Yeah, and men having high body counts does not make them less attractive I know women will say that but then but we've been really honest. They mean they mean when they say It's just not true, but it's just not yeah It's just not it really doesn't have that even effect Dr. David Busromut Austin He does a 37 culture study and he asks men about their preferences for virginity or how many sexual partners and they ask women And for women in like Scandinavian countries a man who was a virgin at 25 she thought he was weird Anyone at high body counts in those Scandinavian countries were not seen as the slightest bit odd whatsoever. I've heard a girl say a guy like that is like mid 30s of 40 Not married doesn't have any kids Is weird it is and but they'll sleep with it. That's what's crazy Sometimes I feel grossly blue like oh women nobody wanted to sleep no one after you didn't know it with the Mary Like they look at him like it's almost negative social proof if you like R.A.s They they use the term Peter Pan syndrome Peter Pan syndrome what it means is a man who doesn't want to grow up if you're a woman and you're dating a rich Sussan man and he doesn't want to settle with you and also he has So it's a coping mechanism. Yeah, it's a coping mechanism. It's just it's a coping Georgia You're weaponizing words like like toxic mask You're weaponizing words to try to to fit your narrative and think about that It's a coping mechanism, but just think about like this right? It's like I didn't grow up It's like okay, hold on if we were to get married the percentage chance of us getting divorce in here It's higher, but in national average 56% chance of getting divorce Higher man, it's probably got entire taxes cities like this. Oh, yeah 56% chance of divorce got it 80% of divorces are initiated by women women So you're telling me that you take me not allowing you to take half my shit Yeah, I mean not growing up. That's my Peter Pan syndrome Bro, it is crazy to me. It's like no for those of you guys who are out there watching this There's someone in your family someone in you know or some data mail cuck fucking female Panter who's telling you that you are less of a man because you're not choosing to wipe up some girl single mom Whatever and my point is to you if you wanted to stay single There's nothing wrong with that you're not a bad person because you chose to keep your options Whatever you want no matter what I'm here to tell you It's okay if you want to be single it's also okay if you want to have kids I'm incredible thing that but it's also okay if you want to have something Whatever you want to do you know regardless of what Chris GQ Perry tells you or any of those weirdos There's like you're not strong enough to date a mayor of a woman who has a kid I'm like what the fuck you thought they're not better than me when are men gonna step up? I'm like what if I don't want to do that? This is for this for how do you? Words for that there's this one for the ladies if you have any female friends and they say stupid shit like this He did he broke up with you because he's intimidated by your six. Oh, that's the worst It's not that I'm intimidated by you. I don't for whatever reason. I don't like pickles I don't know why I just don't like pickles. Yeah, I'm not intimidated by pickles Just it's a preference for me and not be with them. I'm not intimidated by you having a job I just I have a preference for not dating masculine women That's all it is. It's a preference that I have it doesn't mean that I'm intimidated But the problem is this it's obviously it goes back to the weaponization Yeah, this this problem has two issues to it and that is it's destroying women as well You're giving women terrible advice No, you're too masculine and difficult to be in a relationship with but your friend instead of allowing you to improve yourself has Lie to you and told you that he left because he's intimidated. Yeah, you're you a too much You would just too much for you. What are you total? You are too much but he's not intimidated Do I really want to be with a woman who works 80 hours a week? I want sex I'm not gonna be with someone who can't make time for me that has underdo with me being intimidated It's a preference have you seen this like the like if you got successful female friends who are like making a lot of money Yeah, it's difficult for them to find I'm dabbing dinner with a friend of mine Tomorrow and she makes over half a million a year This is sales job and she's told me the exact same thing and it's not her fault and I love her and I'm not saying anything She's doing is wrong for her but the situation is she's so beautiful and she's so Makes so much money that from her standpoint It's like there's no guy that can really compete and then when she finds guys that can stand up to what she wants Like they are either they have too many options according to feminists What should happen is that if women make more money than men then this necessity for women to want to date rich men should vanish Yeah, if you are a feminist you believe that did so they go to countries where women make more money than men Norway sweet and Finland they go to those countries and you know what those women want? What are men who make even more money than them? Rihanna was making hundreds of millions a year dating a billionaire It's like even when they had all their needs met they still wanted men who made more than even them Here's the other problem with that what that statement that I just said we talk about gender norms the gender norms of staying at home with the kids and nurturing all this stuff These gender norms that are perpetrated by patriarchy. I'm like wait a second who are women We're warning with sex is that a certain dominant and vicious males you're telling me if I am assertive and I'm dominant I'm a vicious that I get more sex. Well, then guess what my children are gonna be they're gonna be assertive and they're gonna be Emicious and they're gonna be dominant males competitive males. I want to ask you question everything I agree with everything is saying but it's one thing that that's not always one of them And yeah, it's always confused me some of the guys get the most busy that I've ever that I've ever met was unemployed the media yes in New York I don't know if they just got more time or did but they got no job. Yes This is one dude. I heard a story Yeah, right what is dude? He was working at like Zara or some shit like that right he cheated on his girlfriend And she took him back right the he was broke working at Zara using what in like how does that work? Okay, so we remember in the ancestral period meaning before the agriculture revolution There's no money No one has money. Yeah money is just a corollary for Competency so you could have other things besides if you're a big strong man That's a resource that's like money and to some women because women find different things attractive Some women only care about money. Some women don't care about money at all There's some women out there who only care about a man's looks don't care about anything else There's some women out there who will only date tall men even if they're ugly and there's some women out there who only date incredibly handsome men Even if they're short the reason why this guy is crushing it is because probably some level of physical attractiveness But you want to know the other thing almost guarantee you was there she heard from her friends that he fucks really good That's what it is He heard from her friends that this guy's good in bed. This is a way out off topic here But rule number six in M.O.A. is no one needs to know how much money you make her who you're fucking or where you live From 10 crack amendments by a big excuse. They don't need to know where you stay at right? No one needs to know your business. You don't need to qualify to anyone You do not need to tell your boys you bang to 10 But if she brags to her friends that she banged Oh my god If when you have that happen, so I ended up hooking up with a Girl that had been friends with more than nine months exactly like the survey said probably the most attractive woman in my mind That I'd ever been with we ended up hooking up and then her best her roommate was one of my good friends And I didn't tell her roommate that I slept with her Yeah, but she told her roommate I slept with her. Do you want to know what happened next? I know exactly. You guys is like a Amazon Yeah, and I am absolutely with the roommate and that's obviously what happened next because yeah because it didn't even matter That she said that I was good. It's that she's bragging about having sex with me Do you understand what a paradigm flip that is what I'm recommending is have a social circle have her see other women Interact with you and just like offer her value. Okay, man. Yeah, help you up. There's one girl I'm seeing now. I just helped her with her podcast So she met me with my girlfriend. I just helped her with her podcast and then when I'm gonna go from broke up Then I started seeing her because all she saw was attractive qualities in me the whole time and I never hit on her one single time That's the trick and guys don't understand that but it flips the paradigm me having a beautiful girlfriend was Testim it to her. Okay, there must be some good stuff going on with this guy And I never bragged about any of it and then when we had the opportunity then the whole the whole whole thing flip And so that's really hard for guys to grasp and any guy can do this It doesn't matter how short you are how brown you are or if you're from a small town Whatever, this is always it's capable for everyone and here's the other thing like I'm almost 50 the women I date I'm seeing a girl right now is 1st 23144 and 1st 28 They don't look at me like I'm 50 because I'm in shape Yeah, the reason why women say they don't want older men Sometimes it's because older men in this country are fat Choosing to keep yourself in shape. That's it. That's a big. It makes a big deal It does man you can be could you imagine like a competition for women versus you when you were 22? Oh, yeah today you killed that good dude because I was I was really handsome when I was yeah I was like I was on billboard. Yeah, you're male. Yeah So I have some stiff competition but my resources Yeah, right like I even though it might not be a neck category anymore, right like yeah But it's like now it's like the other at the actually which saying but but the 22 year old me I would be like I would completely outpace him because when I do as I get the girl to talk about herself I'd introduce her I have a very strong rule if I like a girl I introduce her to a girl I'm sleeping with Come on me It works it works it's just some of the best game like honestly that I've heard in a long time You know, I don't need it of course right like this is something like such a saying it's some of the fucking really Sit that I've never heard people say and that I agree with or because we just took the data from evolutionary psychology and sociological studies And then we compare it to men who actually had sex with women not guys who said they had to sex Successful women not pick up artists who were spinning girls around and picking them up and getting instant makeouts That's not sex. That's not success with women We so we found guys who actually had successful women and we compared that to what the sociological data was giving us And then came out with a framework that is bullet proof We're working. They find out more about you go to mou a mentoring dot com. Yeah, could you go there and you can see that they'll we can sign up for like a free audit That we do of your social media and we go through a bunch of stuff like that I also have a group on school The amount of action for them. If you want to join us five dollars a month. Oh, you guys can join it We have free calls that we do in there

=== FILE: How to Start Your Business With Free Government Money [p0brxFPywdU].txt ===

Yo, we're up. Welcome to another episode of Victory Talk. Now, y'all know I'm always here trying to show you our different ways to get to the money. All right. So I had to bring the home girl from Chicago, fellow Chicago native, Whitney, the Grant King Queen. I apologize, right? You focus on helping people get grants from the government, basically free money. Yes. Tell me more about that. Okay. So hey guys, my name is Whitney. I own three storefronts on the same black and they call me the Grant Queen. Right. So I hope businesses obtain business funding, not only from the government, but you can get a government grant, a corporate grant or a private grant. And the money do not have to be repaid. I have got people grants as little as $500 as big as $1.2 million. So it's so much funding out here. And I'm just here to educate the people about it. So the government is just giving out money. Man, what, how do I, how do I get somebody's free government money? What I got to do with it? So you can find it in just like really certain ways. So I tell people just search the internet and play with the words like, let's just say you're a small business owner and you have ice cream company. I don't know. So ice cream company business grants for black entrepreneurs or it, you could put your location in there. And I'll search on every outline. Um, I'm sorry, every platform. I'm like, yeah, who Google being TikTok? Um, but I did take the hard work out of it for entrepreneurs. And I have created a grant list. And I deliver those grants to you every two weeks. A grant list? Yeah. To more about that. So it is a list of 80 plus business grants and it gets updated by weekly and you can be in any field and any state and you can be eligible for these grants. So I do the hard work for you. So that's doing one of my little ticket products. All right. So what was it like, let's say it was saying I find a grant. I'll like, okay. Like, give me example one when the grant you think I'd call her for her. The bank of America grant. So I got a grant. How much? 20, $20,000. I was think of America. Hi, what's the criteria for that? Okay. So you would have to have a business mission statement. You would have to have a budget. Um, one thing I really want people to know about grants is they don't care about your credit. They don't care if you're selling. People we think in one of those. They care about all this stuff. No, they care about you having um impact and a persuasive story. So working with me, I can create that persuasive story and that impact for you to get approved for that grant. Was it, we said, per se, per swathive story, tell me more about that. So grants, grant tours really want to see that you're going to impact and you're going to do something with the money to help other people not just yourself. So for example, my business mission statement that I've been using since 2016, I've got a worth $1 million in business grants for, um, I have a black on beauty supply. It's an of her domely white neighborhood, but we only sell black on products in our beauty supply because it was a need for it in the area. Sure. I'm so when I started my beauty supply before that store had a beauty salon and I don't know Caucasian areas did not have alcohol stores, they did not have beauty supplies. So all of my workers was running blocks and blocks down. I'm like, we need a beauty supply in this area. You know, so I created that and yeah, that was my persuasive story and it changed life. Oh, so it was basically like there was a need that would help out more people just for you and they didn't ask for the money back. So this is not alone. No, it's not alone. They didn't even kiss. Did they check the seed if you did what you said you were going to do with it? Some grants will ask you for a receipt saying if you don't do the right thing, you will have to return the money. Don't worry about it. Actually entrepreneurs all the time like they think that it's hard to get money. It's not hard to get money. It's to find natural literacy after I get you the funding for you to make sure you're doing the right things with this money to make sure you're flipping it, make sure you're investing in make sure you're making this money work hard for itself and you're not working hard for the money. How long did it take? That was your first grant? That said you got into it? Yes, so I got my first grant in 2016. 2016. Yes. What made you go that route instead of like bootstrapping or getting alone or something like that? Correction. 2018 was my first grant. But I was in college and I was as fast as we here. I was supposed to be a nurse and I was in college. I would I would I would I went to an IU. Okay. Yes, and I graduated and I when I was celebrating I broke my neck and a car accident. Now I already had like a side hustle with doing eyelash extensions. So when I broke my neck, my business once a zero I didn't understand save it. I didn't understand anything about a ringy day for so I needed some money. So the doctor told me like if you wanted emergency surgery or you have the way like a halo on your head it was a lot. My business was zero and I had to make something shake. So I'll always kind of been a good writer so I began writing business grants. Okay. I didn't think I had a skill when I got my first one. I didn't think I had a skill when I got my second. How much was your first one for? My first one was the 10,000. Yeah. I said that. I'm sorry. Cool. My second one. I didn't think I had a skill. My third one. I did it. I really blew up when I started doing it from my friends and they start calling me like hey I got a proof. Now I'm like well I wasn't even charging them. It was like a hobby. Right. So I told my story on TikTok one day and it's been history ever since. So now you help other people get there right? Absolutely. It was what's their process like? So just really me vetting out the people. I've noticed on a lot of my old marketing. A lot of people think it's just free money and it's easy. They correlate free with easy and it's not. You really have to be legalized. You really have to have your budget and order letters that support. So a lot of documentation. You already have to have a business or somebody for trying to start a business. Start a business is going to have it as well too. But even if you're a startup you have to have an indeed till a business plan. You got to have the LFC at EIN or at Baking it up. You have to have at least a basic sound. No. Every business grant do not recommend you to be legalized like that. I have a business grant. I get about every single month to multiple business owners called the Bals Club in Breakthrough Grant. I purposely made it easy just because through my process I've been seeing just a lot of qualified business owners but they really don't know how to work with their China. But they have great ideas. It's original. So I made my grant very easy and it's a lot of grants out there like mine. It's what's up. Okay. All right. So you got into it after you broke in neck. Was you wearing one of those? You were in the cast? It's called a halo. I don't know. The doctor told me either I had the way. I had to go on a emergency surgery. I said it's taking me into surgery. Oh, you went into surgery. Yes. And then when you were covering you, you decided to get into the grant. Yeah. Because I was on bareest for six months. Stay fused. My C2 bone to my C3 bone and I was on bare wrists and I'm like I need some money. I got to make a shape. Yeah. That's what's up. So how many people have you helped get grants so far? I don't know the number. That's a good thing, though. Because it's too many. So actually, you have a number. But we have one day over $2 million. And I do small grants. Big grants, corporate, federal, private, any grant you see? I can get you. Really. So okay. So the government has grants you because initially I was thinking it was just government stuff. But you telling me that's different kind of grant. Yeah. So it could be the government. Can give your grant. This is just like, let's say they give a grant for our COVID. It could be government. Let's say Atlanta gives a grant because you got, they had hurricane or something. Or private. Migrant is a private grant. The boss up and break through coach Kate is a private grant. The legacy grant. So it's like small abuse is owners who want to give back. And I recommend people going out the private grants first because our grants, we don't have a lot of applicants. So you have a better chance of winning. Also, you got to compete for these grants. Yes. So it's an application process and I'm a grant judge and I'm a grant tour. So I think that's why I'm like the best teacher because I understand how it feels to be behind that computer looking at so many applications. And I'm like, hmm, just now, right. That's not right. So I hope people from what we're staying. What is it? What are you looking for? Oh. I am looking for the person who is not lazy to use chat. GBT. I'm looking for you to be resilient. I'm looking for you to be transparent. I want to see that you're entrepreneur. You have this great idea, but life keep on knocking you down. But you choose to keep on getting up. I want to see your real person. And chat GBT cannot make your real person. It does have emotion. Now you get, now you get me, give me an example of somebody who you gave me grants to look at what like this kind of story. Hmm. Okay. So I want to figure out the best look. Okay. Somebody I gave a business grant to, what a great plan. I'm trying to get the best for the best. Yeah. And I'll take it to, um, okay. I'm going to do more see a mixture. So I was sending in my, one of my stores and this lady and her daughter walked in. I'm like, hi, how you doing? I'm having a help you. So I like how we apply for your business grant. We want to come see like if our application is still in like I want to introduce myself and personally. So my, you, I'm like, okay, this is a little weird. Nobody has never did this before. So they've got to tell me their story. It was very emotional. So I'm like, hmm, I went over to the next one and asked my sister like, hey, I want to give this lady the business grant on hand. Like she's here. I want to give it to her. And I told my sister the story. She's like, do it. And I gave it to them right thing in there. They're business name is Marcia, mixed and they're doing amazing. Um, so I just like real people who want to step out the box who want to show their original like, I want the person who like just give me a chance. You know, I'm not going to give up. Riera, how much was that grant for? It was from $500. $500. And what was she doing? Um, they used it for embroidery to keep their business going because if she didn't get that grant, they were going to close. Dang. Mm-hmm. Like she must have been doing really bad, man, $500. Yeah. They were a skincare brand. And that and now they that helped them turn it around. Mm-hmm. That's what's up. Yes. You got to be black to get your, you're, uh, where you're not, you know, you, you gave it some white people. Um, I don't know. But every person I still gave you, yeah, I'm just curious. You see, how I see a picture of you because I, I don't know how to picture that specific part of you, man. Unless, unless it names like some weird like my like branding. No, so that's nice. I see it's a crazy name. I'm sure. I'm totally on sure if I ever gave you some body. That wasn't back up. That's a good question. Yeah, you fool, or assume you had. But you can definitely apply it. And don't come with pictures. I don't even know. I'm just fucking with you. What? You don't have to say names, but give me examples somebody who you did not. And why? The biggest reason of widening that people or it's like people who are denied, you just don't show effort on the application. At their minimum, doing ABC spill check. Or you don't answer the question, would it, I actually, would you need an inventory for it? You tell me your business. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He like you just not put in that effort in. Um, as well as, um, can I be honest with you? Yeah, please, I just really, you got to be very professional. You can't have all these names that's really, I don't know what the word I'm trying to use, but it's just like, oh, like professional, like as far as the name. Yeah, like a professional business name. A lot of them, business names get them kicked out. So when you're starting business, you want something like Chase, Bank of America, Walmart, Target, where people cannot judge you. Uh, you want to let them get actually to the application. So I think that it we're in a damage where everybody want to be entrepreneurs and that's fine, but everybody is just not need to be in that position. What was give me a sample of a name that you know, he keeps from 63rd level of her kids. That was the name of a, a who dot com. No, just way, you that be like they email or I've seen a lot of business names with, um, me, defaults LLC. You had to say, you know, tonight. First or I see I'm going for no no vices on a swap, but it's really like you can't that's not professional. So yeah, I really do look like that and I let them know like, and I get feedback on my grants. So I let them know like you need to change this. I got to get it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Because we wasn't taught this. We wasn't taught and I'd tell people, all the time, we have to own why you're also from what we were taught. Yeah. He opens a real air. Right. And how do you how do you learn experience just really being in college and I just thought college was the route. I have $60,000 in college day. I've never used my degree at damn my life. I'm madly successful. I'm the start. Yeah, I should all the time. You know, and maybe I'm biased because I went to Howard. And, uh, all you went to have. Yeah, so I was super, maybe I'm just hype about that. But I don't know, I feel like that's it was super helpful for me. Yeah. Right. I just made me mature, but it didn't turn out that I'm not an about credit. It didn't teach me about. Or an abysnest. It didn't teach me. Nothing. I needed to be financially literate. That's a problem when you're a dope. Yeah. Yeah. You see, wow, man, they taught that shit out. Did they? At least. Yeah. They taught on that shit. And I didn't teach me at the business school, at least. They made us where they would make us wear suits. They would, we had like, even little shit like with, um, what fork you should use. And like, it's here. Like, yeah, etiquette. Like, they taught us all. It's like, so boozy. How are you? Yeah. All right. Yeah. But yeah, I really just want more people to know like, it's genuine min tours out here. Yeah. And that's not to help. It's not everybody could go to help. Yeah. Not I'm fucking true. But it's out. No, no, but that's that's what's up, man. And so you've been, how long have you been helping other people get these grants since 2019? Okay. Oh, so right if you got your first one, you started to helping some of your friends and then people started coming to use kind of like word amount. Yes. That's what's on. So now we have a four-current writing agency where we bring people on. We understand, okay, what are you? What's your, what is your business? What is your mission statement? We go look for the grants for you. We do the applications, where you we even help on the follow-up. Unless you get approved for our grant, we'll help you which are received to all of that. I just got a message for two days ago. We were approved the 15,000 dollar grant a week before that. I'm in the running of a two million dollar grant for one of my clients like they're just rolling in and that's so excited. That's what was the biggest grant you got for you or someone else? One point to really. One point to me. What was that for? It was a construction grant. Oh. Yeah. It was intense. But yeah. It was a bit so okay without a private government. That was government. Government. What do you think about grants? So private is going to be more like your lowest ones. Corporate is going to be next about 25 to 50,000 in government. Goals into the million dollar grant. Yeah. So the government is just our head given how money was. Yeah. But I don't, when you say like that, I don't want people to think it's so easy because that one's documentation you will think it's a thesis like you got to insert so much stuff here. But it's worth it and I tell people don't give up. All right. How? How? Okay. How often does somebody? How many times somebody have to apply to before they get their first successful grant? It's no number to tell them. I will say off the top of my head. If you're a consistent and you're a player about 10 grants a month within three months, you should have a grant. Oh, 10 grants a month within three months. Yeah. 30 grants. With good qualified grant answers. I don't want to pass that in the big part of your grant answers is your business mission statement. I could drop a jam on what should be in your base. It should be statement. Okay. So your business mission statement should include get a pin in piece of paper. Solve a problem. Unique solution. Community impact. Global reach. And number five is optional, which is results if you've been in business. You could sell some of your results. Here we go. So I have ran across a lot of grant applications that they ask for that exact format. And I'd be like a tell job. You are a grader. That's what's up. How do things in? You said there's a way that people can get in touch with you. Right? They can't, they're supposed to text balls to the number on the screen. Yes. So I am looking for more business owners to follow through business grants for my business grants and other people business grants. You could text the word balls on the screen right here. And I'm having some free webinars, free classes, for them to come in and for me to educate people about this. That's what's so easy, but you want to be doing some free teaching. Yes. That's what's up. That's what's up. All right. You're my fault, man. I made a credit. How long we thought? You can, you just give me your heads up because I don't want to be looking at my watch. You're doing good right now. It's on 50. You still got time. Okay, cool. Yeah, you can honestly run it to give it. You can yourself in up time. I would say it run it to about six. It's six, but Tina, that way we can get her in for about 40 minutes. I get no, okay. Damn, I lost much training thought. It's an mess of us. All right. Our supposed to text balls to the screen. Then what happens? Um, being you're going to be put on a weight list or you're going to get my most recent offer to learn about business grants. Well, I'll also talk about credit and content as well too because business grants just didn't make me successful. That just got me the money. Um, but I also leverage credit. I think that's important. And knowing the power of marketing and the power of content as well too, I'm a sensational six-tock. I'm like Instagram and we have some millionaires because it's six-tock in this generation. Yeah, that's a fair. It's amazing. That's the fact. So you, you also help people with their credit and their personal brand in as well. Tell me more about that. Okay, so what credit we can help you with credit repair or trade lines. The biggest thing and biggest difference. I think my credit repair agency knew we just don't fix your credit. Okay. We help you rebuild it and we teach you financial literacy because it's really irritating when I ask somebody like how did you mess up your credit? And they're like, I was 18 years old. Nobody taught me like, yeah, I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm 30 now, but I asked them. I went and you learned financial literacy because hey, this doesn't come with wisdom. You have to learn how to use these credit cards like millionaires, how to not mess up your credit. So I teach those things to make sure they never have to come to me again for credit repair. That's a fact. You know what, man? I would, I remember I was scared to get credit when I was a younger. Wow. He know I heard a baby from cash money. He was on MTV Cribs, like a long time ago. And he said, he's like a Wode Aldi's cause and houses. They pay full cash. You know, no, I was like, oh, all right, that sounds like a good financial advice. Right. And then I said, I just never had no credit cards. Nothing up until 20, like 2020. I got my first credit. Really? You mean? And no, no, I missed out. No, now my score is like 800, right? You know, I got it. I got the fucking platinum card goal card obviously. Right. I didn't, I just heard of the bass. And I was so upset with myself once I learned like, you know, I got like three million and I'm exposed now. Yeah, like I don't, I don't never pay for flights. You know, and I fly like, I feel like a hundred flights a year. What's your favorite? A mix card? It's your pocket. That's all good. I like the platinum. And I like the goal because the goal is I can get some higher points for ads and stuff. At least, but it's only for the first hundred k, right? But then, but still, still, you know, I take it, right? And uh, yeah, golden, golden the platinum. I got them both getting the saturring and lounge. And it, it gets me in the Delta lounge as tool. Mm-hmm. I got both of those as well. So what is a certain thing called good debt and bad debt? And that's what I teach. And I use my good debt to literally get me new places. I love keeping my own money liquid. And if you do a strategic leash, it's like, okay, let me borrow this money for a second. I'm gonna pay it back. And I'm a doubly bad time I pay you back. Exactly. Like, I, I don't mind, you know, um, spending money on stuff is gonna make me money, right? You know, and I just feel like a fucking dumb ass once I learned exactly like the power that I can do it, right? So that's cool. I'm glad you're teaching people that. And you say you teach people social media as well. Yes, tell me more about that. Um, so I thought I knew social media. I had hired a manager and she began to tell me like Whitney, no, you're fake on social media. Like they want to see the transparent when you say you want to see the back around because I only did like, um, flashy content. But this is a long time ago. She was like, no, they want to see how you have our least orphans. They want to see the heart. It's things you go through to be. So she was like 90% of the time. You look like a bomb. You're really working. She's like the other two percent sure dressed up. So she like really showed that through social media. So she made me started to talk account. And I went on there and I was sweeping the floor of my store. I looked like Cinderella. I don't know. I looked at crazy. Right. That video made a million views and made me a hundred thousand dollars in a day. How do you make it? I didn't make you on it. I did a voice over. So I was dropping a lot of gems. So I didn't matter how I looked, the knowledge that was coming out of my mouth and treat millions to watch the video. And I don't even monetize my social media's any of them because my content makes so much money bad. My products. Okay, people, people buy your products or get coaching for people because of it. Yes. And I'll drop a lot of gems. So make sure you follow me and Bosse, wait on all platforms. Bosse, wait. That's your Bosse, wait. But my fault, man. You know, I wonder why did you have me? Gemini, I started talking. I got is that an eye pack? Yes, an eye pack. I got a message. A phone on that was a, I was my phone. I got two bones. The Android started fucking talking. I apologize. I. Sorry. This is a bit. All right. How do you teach other people how to grow their social media? So I have started mentorship, some certain tiers. And I bring you in. I tell you, okay, you ready to work because I'm a little militant when it comes to my boot camps. And I help you. I audit social media. I tell you how to go and record social media. And I take you on a six week journey. And I hope you would check out the sense of lower. Yeah, give me some tips if you can. What is some, what is some of your social media tips? Like, I know you can't, you don't want to give everything, but like this. I can't see it. Yeah. Be authentic. You need to show up. A lot of people just post one day and come back three weeks later. No, you want to treat social media like your baby. If you don't eat it, it would die. That's it. And if you're not posting content, your audience is watching somebody else. I would like to tell people drop all the gems on your content. If we're deliver up front. Another thing is, a lot of people think you need a lot of expensive equipment. You really only need a trifot from Amazon, a small $10 mic and some great lighting. And you will make the best content. Yeah, just with your phone, right? Yeah, my favorite content editing for dummies. And I'm not calling out no, don't they? I'm calling myself a dumman because it's like favorite one. It's Capcut. So it just really helps you clip all it together. You could do voice solvers. And then the last thing I would say is talk to your audience like you're talking to your best friend. Nobody wants to be talk at. You need to talk to your audience. And I think that relatability and that I've been sickness makes people go so viral. Yeah. How do all three these things were the kind of, I kind of see how credit works with grants. But how did the content work at explain that to them? Usually everybody who probably 100% of people who want grants from me or who wants credit from me, they want it to grow their business. Because I only do business grants. I do personal credit and I do business credit as well too. But 100% of people have a business. That's how they felt. And if you have a business, we are in a day and age where social media is everything. People aren't going to Google anymore. Like, how do you make spaghetti? They're going on TikTok and it's some little 12 year old kid on their whipping up song spaghetti and showing you how to do it who got 3 million views. So social media just like AI is something that we can't negate that it's it right now. Yeah, it helps you grow your business for sure. Now, I saw I went on your Instagram and I saw that you had a little daughter. Yes. Right. How are you to see? Oh, she's four. She's four. Okay. Now, how you feel about kids with social media? You got one of those moms that got your kid of social media. You trained in her or what, how you doing it? Um, I don't mind putting my door on social media. But I would let everybody know like social media is unhinged and they will say anything about a kid and I'm like, it's just a baby. And it's a little awkward when we're outside and people come up to her and I really don't feel too good about that. Come up to her and like what? Like, so we were in a grocery store and the lady walked up to her like, oh, I want to go to the hotel. Your mommy took you to. And it was super viral to her to the lane camp. It's like, mommy and me day anyway, a super super viral. So when she walked up to her, is they like, I'm like, oh, thank you. But like, you can't walk up on the kid. You know, at the comments sometimes they do get me, but I'd be arguing with them too. Yeah. Sun says you got to just stay in the above there. But I do want my daughter on social media. Um, I just feel she's a big part of my life. So why not? It's how old do you think it'll be when you let her start her own? Like, some kids are really on. Some kids and you know, some kids got bigger YouTube, you know, some kids are made as a kid. I think about like 13 or 14. Yeah, right? Yeah. I have another door to who's 10 years old. And she's trying to get into it. But I don't really think it's the best for her because you don't understand what to watch, what not to watch. And things like TikTok can't be so censored. So I really want to wait 13 and 14. They get that maturity. That's the fact. I live my, I got my son like you, the YouTube kids at, oh yeah, I can't even, he, he wants to watch my YouTube and he ain't been like, how old is he? Yeah, he's seven. Oh, he's seven. Okay. So you're right at there. Bring her right. He and a lot of it watch my YouTube. Yeah. But he know about it because when people stop us, like people stop and it wants to take pictures with me and you sit, you know, and at first I was like super weird for him when he first realized it with like now I guess it's like that in your celebrity. Yeah. Yeah. Kids love social media and they do the little cute dance. So yeah. Right. Right. So let me ask you a question. Some of these people, I've heard of people who like do she like buys, buy stuff in their kids name to help build their credit when a young or get car, is that some of you recommend is that was that old wild sale that's some fucking fake shit or what? It's ghetto. Yeah, he can't. All right. I thought, I thought people were doing it to build their credit. You know, or not? No, most, most people do it just because they want to leverage their credit because they need to stop your own credit and I just think that's the one most selfish thing you could do to your kid. It's messed up their credit. So no, I do not believe in touching their credit for anything. I mean, if you want to build an atom on a credit card and responsibly build it, yeah, but most of them maybe like get them like a, make them like a authorized user on one year account to sign you know, yeah. Yeah, but I don't see to mean people doing that anymore, like building their kids credit for them. Yeah. I haven't ran into somebody doing that in the maze. Is that bad? I don't think it's bad. I tried to do it. Well, my daughter and they told me that I couldn't do it. I think so she got 13 of 14. So maybe I just haven't stopped into the market yet, but if it's the right way to do it, I say do it. My credit score was zero. And like, I want to look at it, he said zero. I had never seen that shit before. And I think he become an authorized user on a friend's this chick. I knew she had like a credit card for me alone. And that's how I got my shit up. Really? And what most people don't understand or know is like having no credit is like having bad credit. And when you get credit repair, they're just wiping your credit. And now if they swipe it, a lot of people just take everything off their credit, which is bad. You really want to exempt them. My student loans. I want to swipe them all off. But it was just debt. I didn't have any negative payments. But this is my good payment. Oh, yeah, you want to have that. Yeah. So a lot of people are just swiping it, but they're not understanding. Now you have no credit. You're a zero. You have to rebuild it. Like you're not doing credit repair the right way. I mean, I was running my whole business off demicard. And we was making like multiple seven figures. And I was running that shit off that big part. Because I was baby told me not to have credit. I saw him carry it. I really think leveraging credit and leveraging grants is so important. Credit, you could get a quicker, but you got to pay it back. Grants is going to take a long time to get it. But you don't got to pay it back. So sometimes it's like this. That's right. Yeah. Or you know, if you got sometimes you use grants, but leverage both. Yeah, that's why I wanted to get you on here because the grants is like, I know you don't like, you don't like when I say free money. But it's very money. But it's basically free money. You just got to work to get it. Yeah. Yeah. What's the hardest part about giving a grant? I really think just the hardest part about the business being prepared and being structured. Sometimes it could be tedious because we do apply to a lot of applications. I do not want to negate that fact. And so a lot of people like I never get picked and they just give up. And that's why you're not getting picked. So I said to people, you have to stand out, follow up with the grant. Have letters of support for one of my grants. I had my Ottoman be a letter of support because like I told you guys, I had a black on beauty supply and a predominantly white area. I went to my Ottoman. I let her know like, hey, this area is being diverse. You know, we made the news of front-paped pages of the paper from being vandalized by racism. So I'm like, you can't negate the fact that we're coming in being African-American in this area is not predominantly white anymore. And we need to feel supported. So she wrote me a amazing letter, a letter of support that can meet a thatchick. That's what's up, man. That's what's up. All right. So guys, make sure you all text boss to the number on the screen. Are you on a fuck this up? I mean, tap in with her. Man, so you can like learn more about this, man. Yes. Yeah. His anything else you want to say to the people, so they understand. Um, I just want everyone to know that you're able to reinvent yourself in many times as you want. It's a lot of genuine mentors out here like myself ready to help you on-lar and unwire things that you are already learned and just show you away where you could be financially free. Um, I don't want to say that it's not going to be hard work. It's going to be hard work. But I'm going to be your 50% partner. If you're ready to hold my hand, text the word boss to this number and let's get going. Time is waiting on no one. Yeah. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Thank you. All right. All right.

=== FILE: I Didnt Want to Make This Video But I Had To [aKVUpS7g7aQ].txt ===

It's Min's mental health mass and this is a topic that really means a lot to me because letting a number of father took his own life when I was in my early 20s and also I've been diagnosed with bipolar 2. Unfortunately I'm really familiar with the challenges that are associated with mental health and depression. I wanted to take some time to actually give you guys advice on some things you can do to improve your mental health or give you some tools that you can utilize if you find yourself in the middle of any mental health challenges. These are things that have helped me get out of depression, multiple times in a dorm my life and things that I've seen help a lot of other men deal with their depression and actually get out of it. So the first one is exercise and getting them great shape. First of all exercise causes your body to release endorphins. These are feel good neurotransmitters that your body releases during exercise that actually cause you to feel better. They change your mental state because the emotions are really nothing but different combinations of neurochemicals going off in your brain. Like emotions are literally all in your head but they have a huge impact on your life so you got to learn to control them and when it's easy as ways to impact your emotions is to exercise. A lot of people don't think about it like this but from a neurological perspective your body actually creates the emotions and you can dictate what kind of neurochemicals your body produces by exercising is one of the ways and the first time I deal with depression again I've diagnosed a bipolar 2 is when I was in high school. I got sent away to military school I was mad depressed and I don't think I was suicidal then but I know I didn't care if I lived or die. As soon as I started working out it started to change my emotions and I didn't know what was happening but it was these neurochemicals that your body produces once you start to train to start to work out and then also when you start making some progress what happens is yourself to sting starts to rise and more importantly you start to become more confident right and the reason you become more confident and not just because you're strong when you look better and you have less fat but to get in shape you have to start making these promises to yourself every day and you have to start keeping these promises that you make and what you start keeping the promises you make to yourself every day was going to happen is you start to trust yourself more you start to believe in yourself more because think about it if you don't have confidence it's probably because you shouldn't have confidence you probably have been giving yourself a reason to be confident yet. Imagine somebody who was telling you they were going to do all these things for you every day and they never do it. How much confidence would you have in efforts that person is you a big reason why some people don't have confidence and or are depressed is because they keep breaking these promises that they make to themselves to keep telling themselves that they're going to start eating right they're going to start training they're going to get his shake and they don't do it and there's no reason why they should have confidence in themselves right they haven't given themselves a track record but once you start really training and you start keeping the promises as you make to yourself everything start training when you're supposed to start eating right you start drinking in the water getting enough sleep and you do these things over a significant amount of time then you build up a track record and that you start to believe in yourself more you start to have more confidence you're self-esteem goes up I've seen that alone cure people's depression I swear to God I've seen it I've been a personal trainer for over 25 years somebody I'll worry about the born when I started training people I've seen it change people's whole personality that's all changed mine this is why I fell in love with fitness because when I was in high school and I was depressed and I was ordered online suicidal working out change things for me I started keeping these promise in myself and I have more confidence higher self-esteem and then other kids started asking me for advice and I started training them helping them get in shape and what happened was remarkable like I saw these children their personality changed they have more confidence in themselves and they started doing better in school it stopped being little jerks they were getting in the less trouble I believe a lot of their lives turned around I know that was my experience and that's really what made me want to become a trainer because I saw how exercise connection the impact people on an emotional level if you start doing that start training yourself it will help you with your mental health this is not just me saying this turns the books on it you can read a book called Spark by John Rally is all about how exercise affects the brain another one called moves by Caroline Williams is this a great book about how exercise can actually change your old brain another great one is stealing fire by Stephen Copler you can read these books or you can just trust with what I say here right like I read the books and I'm giving you information with this tons of evidence that shows that exercise can actually help with depression and mental health the next thing you need to do and this is going to be controversial it's to make a bunch of money because if you start making money you can do things that actually impact your mental health for example you can change your environment change your living situation improve it I'm happy you're now in my Miami pinhouse then I was when I was living in the hood in Chicago just changing the environment can change your emotions because south side of Chicago Warframe it feels depressing you got people getting shot pretty much daily the homies are dying you watching your back all the time it's a difficult way to live but once I made some money got to move out the hood I feel way better now I'm beyond what you're when I wake up in my condo overlet the Atlantic Ocean I feel better it's more difficult to be depressed here than it was on the south side of Chicago but also there aren't many problems they can't be solved or at least improved if you have enough money magic Johnson would have died in the 90s if he wasn't a multi millionaire everybody was died from HIV it was the death sentence when the rich guy's got it somehow they figured it out it also you know I don't know what the amount of money is but I do know there isn't a amount of money that if I had it I would still have a dead I don't know that number is but if I was a multi millionaire when my dad was going through with his challenges I think he would have solved like that in his internal I think he might have talked to me or we could have figured something out that ought to me a little bit because when people say money is not important or money is not everything I just think man why are trying to downplace success why are you trying to say it's not important when you know it'll fix the majority of your problems or at least improve it make them easier to deal with so most I realized that by my father I vowed to never be in a situation again where I could not help out the people like care about if a family member or friend was ever in a situation where they needed some money they were well I wanted to be in a situation to help her I vowed to never be in a situation and here's the thing as a man if you can't provide for the people you care about that's an easy way to find yourself struggling with mental health if you can't provide for the people you care about as a man so start working out and getting great shape and make a bunch of money I would think those are series cures for most of men's problems and I believe that they are the cure for men's mental health some of that sound shallow but that's only if you don't think about it right these other motherfuckers that tell you the journal or see it there piss and I'm not saying those are bad within themselves but what we gonna write about our problems but we gonna fix them you're like I'm telling you I have to fix the problems journal and then going to a therapist they're cool I've been to therapy before I just didn't see a lot of results from it the things that helped me with my mental health were getting a great shape and making a bunch of money I'm not trying to say therapy is not good I'm not trying to say journaling is not effective I don't have a lot experience with journaling but listen man you want to write about your problems and talk about your problems or you want to fix them and most of your problems can be fixed or at least improved by making a bunch of money and getting a great shape even if those things can't improve whatever you're going through at least you have more resources to fight whatever you're going through if you're getting great shape you have more energy more strength more mental stamina more physical stamina to attack whatever's going on and you have enough money now you've got resources you can throw at whatever the problem is to help improve it now you maybe thinking like what if you're depressed because somebody died or something like that listen I'm familiar with that as well like my father killed herself the focus on working out helped me get through those troubling times for the reasons I said before for the same reasons that I covered in these books right working out changes the neural chemistry of your brain and also making a bunch of money to help me fix a lot of the mess then my father left behind I was able to move my mom out of the South Side of Chicago I was able to help my sister deal with certain things that she was going through because I got money I don't see how journal in or talk into a therapist it was going up my mom and my sister maybe it's cool for women to do that stuff and I'ma say men can't do it where I don't want to sound like that kind of guy but as a man we got to fix the problems that's what's gonna make us still better and I'm not talking about it and I'm not writing about it and I say that with compassion because I have struggled with mental health my whole life like I got bipolar to fucking dead daddy Louis brains out right I know what it's like and these are the things they help me and these are the things I've seen help other people I promise you brother if you are dealing with any mental health struggles get serious about your fitness get serious about your money and things will start to improve I promise you I wish you love I love you and let's get it on me

=== FILE: If I Wanted To Become A Millionaire In 2025, I Would Do This [P2b61Woejz4].txt ===

If I wanted to be a millionaire this year, this is exactly what I would do. If you are smart enough to follow it, I feel confident that you're gonna get streamed to get results outstanding results. And I'm about to break down the nine steps to accomplish just that. Get your no pads out. If you can't pay attention to a video, take notes. Then there's a reason why you clicking on videos how to get rich, right? Because you probably can't do it. I'm well suited to show you how to do it because over the last few years I built several multi-eight figure businesses. You guys have watched my rise here on YouTube. I used to post videos of me in a small apartment in Queens, New York. Now I'm living in Pinn House. Luxury apartment Miami right on the ocean. Ballet shot call in. Living in life in my dreams. I'm sure you had it as well. First of all, what exactly is a millionaire? Well, a millionaire according to Google is a person who's net worth is over one million dollars. Right? So it's not necessarily a million dollars in cash. There's a lot of people who don't keep a lot of cash on because cash. Cash loses value due to inflation. So those resources will keep the majority of the network in different assets so they can sell for cash if need to be. There's only 6% of Americans are millionaires. That means that 94% of Americans have not been able to figure out how to accomplish it. In this video, I'm going to show you how you can join us in the 6% It's way better over here, bro. Everything's better. Foods better. The living arrangements are better. Teddy's a bigger than asses of fatter. I don't get sick, but when my girlfriend gets sick, we have the nearest come here. You muffugs be at the urgent care. When muffugs with STD's issue is way better. My son is in one of the best schools in his state. He's fucking killing this shit. This is my fucking 70 years old. He could tell you the capital, every state in American, in the capital of most countries. Right? That's seven. You okay, do it, right? That's what happens when you send your kids to a linked school, but that's just cause money. Come over here, it's better. I'm sure you guys can get over here. Join us. So here's what you're gonna learn today. I mean, if you're exactly formula, I have to make keep and grow your money. I'm gonna tell you the reason why passive income is kind of a lie. I'm gonna give you the key financial business strategies that millenayers use and how you can use a secret weapon onto your wealth accumulation. Start number one. Get in rich boils down to one simple. You have to make more money than you spend and then invest the difference. That's the key to get in rich. Do that over long enough time. You will significantly increase your network. You didn't click on this video because you went at the weight 20 years. Invest in it and a fucking index line hoping you get rich. We're gonna do it one year. The principle still remains. They make more money you spend and invest the difference, but you're gonna have to get way more aggressive. That's the thesis statement. Where do you invest it? Where does three main areas where people invest their money? Stock market? All throw crypto when they're as well, whatever. But stock market, real estate and business. Now, first you gotta make money to invest in these things. And it's gonna be a real to stop number two. Passive income is kind of a lie. Because if you own an unrealistic, I have to do something to get the money every month. However, the property management, everyone saw I got a sign, some shit, you know, turn a fucking, be sure to light this turn on. She's like that. Then crazy, but I gotta do something. It's not past. Only real passive income where you do nothing that I've ever found is buying a dividend stock, the pays you dividends out. You really do nothing in your money. You have that so much money to make anything significant that it's not a big deal. We don't want to think about getting passive income, but what you want to think about is getting leverage. Leverage allows you to make more money with less work. It's not in the work, but with less work. So I want you to think about just three forms of leverage. Money, obviously if you have some money, you can use that money to make more money. You could buy a bunch of real estate, you buy some stocks that maybe pay dividends, you could invest in a business. Money gets more money if you put it to work. So for example, someone like Warren Buffett, he does nothing. It makes millions and millions of dollars from the dividends from some of his stocks. But he has to throw building his in there. But it's leverage. It's not nothing, right? Because he still had to do his due diligence on the stocks. He still had to analyze a financial report. He still had to make sure that it was a good investment. But he did to work up front and he got paid forever. But it wasn't nothing. I got a friend made a million dollars in one month. What he did was he bought a business for $10 million. And immediately flipped it for 11. But you can't do that, right? But it's leverage. Money is leverage. There's a form of leverage. Another form of leverage is media. This is the reason why Kylie Jenner is a goddamn billionish. He has such a huge social media following. She was able to put out her makeup plan online or assumption. And it did really well. They didn't have to spend a lot of money on advertising because they had wet leverage. Media is leverage. This is why you know, fucking Kim Kardashian. She can make her, she makes over $1 million for a shoutout. I have a million followers. And this people hit me up every day. When the pay me to shout out their brand or do a collab with them because media is leverage. Still I do some work. But it's way easier than like, you know, clocking in to a 95% membership. It's easier money. Leverage makes making money easier. This is why you see billionaires like Elon Musk will buy media. Come be social media companies like Twitter. All right. This is why people are trying to buy TikTok. They can control the media. This is why Jeff Bezos. He went and bought the Washington Post. Right? So he can control the media. Third form. The leverage is skills. But the better you are something the more you can get paid for it. For the same amount of work. For example, I remember once I paid my best member myself, saying, when I went with the highest closing percentage, I don't say best. I have to highest close percentage. He got paid $4,000 a year. Another sales person worked the same amount of time as him. May $100,000. They worked the exact same amount. But one had a higher level of skills so he made more money. I played basketball. But LeBron James is better at it so he makes more money playing basketball. You jerk off. But you don't make no money because you don't have no big titties. So these are the three levers. We want to focus on increasing our leverage to get this with a million in 12 months. Which leads this part three. Got to stop bullshitting. And you got to work more. Because remember, these are three forms of leverage. You probably got none of them. Or at least not a substantial amount of them. If you got them then cool, maybe you're headed to the game. But most of y'all don't have leverage. So what we want to do is we want to do two steps. One where you are going to work more. How much more? I think you should be working 80 hours a week. Now a lot of you guys are going to start crying. You mean what a fell. You join life. Planned quack. It's on the bitch. Fucking goofy. Yes. Click on a video. Or how to make a million dollars in a year. But you don't want to work hard. Fuck you. You don't worst type of a fucking. This video wasn't for you. Wanted to be easy. Is that what your daughter's going to be? How to make a million dollars easy in a year? Motherfucker. Only 6% of Americans have a net worth of a million dollars. You want to do it in a year. But you're not willing to work 80 hours a week. Fuck it. You're a good. This is not for you. Make peace with that. Stop looking at videos on how to get rich in a year. Extreme results. Require extreme actions. Those of you are willing. Do that. You want to work 80 hours a week. Now, you may be thinking, hey, what? I got fucking 37 kids. I told you not to head them any kid. I told you to come. But you are where you are. It's going to take longer for you. Doing it in a year is probably out the question for you. Hold me. Because I don't want you to neglect your family. I don't want you to neglect your health. I don't want you to neglect them either. I want you to work 80 hours a week. While I still get in enough sleep. Spinning time with your family. Working out. Not neglecting your health. I know. Because I do it. I mean, we're going to 80 hours a week for like 20 years straight. This is all that you just got to manage it time. In order to do this, you're going to have to plan out every hour of every day. Right? You see how I get down? I got every hour of every day planned out. Korea, grant. Each day. What you do that, you don't waste time. I'm not telling you to sacrifice your family. I'm not telling you to sacrifice your health. I'm not telling you to sacrifice. Anything you think is important to you. I am telling you you're going to have to sacrifice the bullshit. You want to sacrifice party and going out. Maybe you don't watch as much sports. Maybe you don't see every fucking marvel move you to come out. Maybe you don't get to see every show on Netflix. You want to sacrifice the bullshit. I just 168 hours in every week. You sleep eight hours in the night. That's 56 hours, which is going to leave you with about 112. Right. Work 80 at all hours. You still got the fucking 32 hours to do whatever the fuck you want. What about cooking clean and food? Yeah, you got 32 hours a week to do auditions. 80 hours a week. Why are we doing this? Right, man, because we need we're going to build up the first pillar of leverage money. Right. So that's step one. Work more 80 hours a week. Get a second job. Drive Uber. Whatever you need to do. Work after work. You're also going to cut unnecessary expenses. You're going to cut unnecessary expenses. Right. Boom. So any bullshit you don't need, cut that shit. All right. Maybe you don't you don't get the new George is to come out. You ain't going to get the new Jay's. Sorry bro. You want to get rich, man. Maybe you don't need that Netflix subscription. Maybe you don't need the end up saying all the only fan subscription. I don't know what you got going on. But cut out all the unnecessary expenses. Video cut expenses and you're going to increase your workload. Your goal is to make twice as much as you live in expenses. To get rich, you have to make more money than you spend in a best of different. You're going to get rich. You probably working 40 hours a week right now. You're going to double that. You should be able to double income. Plus we cut the expenses. Right. You should be able to make twice. You live in expenses. That's the goal. Now, what are we going to start investing in? It's going to be a few things. Or are you going to pay the bill in the first form of leverage money? The second form of leverage. We're going to work on his skills. Because I don't know if you could anything. You got to be good as a. We're going to start studying. That's kind of how you're going to have to spend a lot of that 32 hours. That was left. I actually read like way more books than this. This is not decoration. Because I was studying. Fucking A.I. wasn't out when I was in your shoes. I had to read study. Five courses. Join Masterminds. Once you figure out what direction you want to move in, you need to start building. High income skills in order to start making some real money. When you're working these 80 hours a week, you can start getting more money per hour. But you need skills for that. Because there's two ways to make money. You can make money with your muscle. Like doing labor and shit. We're even like a bus driver. Like moving the fucking bus. Everyone's like, wow, yeah, I see people. My amy. I'm going to hang in from the fucking buildings. Clean in it. Like a latino spider man. Right. He's making money with his muscle. Or you make money with your mind. These are salespeople, programmers. People work in hedge funds. They make money with their mind. You make way more money with your mind. But you need skills for that. To do the job of bus. You don't need a whole bunch of skills. So we got to start building up our skillset. Right. So you're going to have to study more. And you can start reading, reading books, man. I have post books, and I have read all the time. If you're watching this, you're doing it now. You can zoom in good content like this. Join mentorships. I spend over a hundred thousand dollars a year on education for me. First thing we're going to invest in is study here. Now you clicked on this video because you want to make it for me. And I was in here. All right. Cool. Unless you have a whole lot of leverage. Unless you have like a whole lot of money. Then you can throw us in real estate or stocks. Right. So you need business. Business is a fastest way to make money out of the three investment vehicles. But it's also the riskiest. So you can't be scared to take the risk. That's section five. Take the risk. Business businesses is shockingly simple. All you have to do to have a successful business is sell something. For more than it costs you delivered. A product or service. That's it. And it's simplest terms. But you also got to think, what kind of business you want to start? You want to make you don't want to fuck this up. Anything people buy can be put into four different categories. So at the top of this axis, we have expenses. And we have inexpensive stuff. Then we have things that people actually need. Like they can't survive without them. Then we have stuff that people don't need. I want you to think about this. When you think about something that's inexpensive, but people don't need it, I will classify that as a motherfucking trinket. These are your fidget spinners, hoverboards, you know bullshit. Then we have things that people need, but are also inexpensive. These are commodities. Here's your toothpaste. Then these stuff people need. That's expensive. These are called necessities. You've got to have it. This is like a house. It's dependent on where you live. It could be a car. Some places you can't really survive without a car. Here's where you're interested. When you have expensive stuff that people don't need, this is what we call a luxury luxury. Now this is very important. Everything can be classified in these three things. Now we need to think why do people buy each one of this? Somebody buys a trinket. It's usually just impulse. They're basing their their purchase. Really do the basing it off of dopamine. They see oh man. This is a fucking pin. This is what I wanted. Oh my god. You know, this is this fucking t-shirt with the anime character on it. Right? Just dopamine. Then you have commodities. People buy commodities based off price. The problem with this is when you sell a commodity, is that people need, but it's inexpensive. It becomes a race to the bottom. Because people are buying off price. And people just keep trying to make this their shit cheaper and cheaper. The problem with a race to the bottom is you might win. It's hard to compete in that quadrant. Like the same one is sale the other end. You want to come with them. Now you compete with a fucking proctor and gamble. They can do that shit at scale. They can get the supplies. They can get everything so so much cheaper. Right? There's going to be difficult for you to even sell it at a profit. Then the Cestites. This is in the title. So it's they make the purchase because they need it. And they're going to usually base this off of quality. A lot of people buy luxury items. Is this for status? These people will pay for exclusivity, exclusivity, and signaling. It's just signaling your status. What I call status signals. So here's your options for products or services that you want to have. I say, Trinkets fuck this shit because it's one. I just think anything is inexpensive. You shouldn't sell it. Because you have to sell so much of it. That it's not just not a viable option. It's difficult for it to be profitable. And it's cheap too, right? So how much margin is there? You want to play in these sandbox. Expensive shit. You could sell in the Cestites if you're really good at something. If you have a product or service that people need and you're really good at it, then the Cestites box can work for you. The best one is luxury status. People make a lot of the decisions based off stat. Lot of the decisions based off status. And some of you are thinking right now, man, we'll make decisions based off status. And you want to type that and you're doing that because that's going to raise your status. Now you're better than all of us, right? But your wrong is goes to part six. You've got to understand status because we want to sell in this quadrant. Expensive stuff that people don't need. But they want it. This is where a lot of money is made in this quadrant. So the reason we want to learn status and we're in the numerator. Because you can turn these other cautions into status symbols. For example, I bought once a $200 toothbrush. It was the thing going on in the 2000s, it was where we're recruiting bottle girls to work at the dentist's New York. It was just some motherfucking bad business selling selling toothbrushes. And I bought one, man. You know what I'm saying? It's fair, right? You know, but you can do you see this with other things like there's real expensive teeth widening toothpaste. Probably it's good as other toothbrushes, but there's another toothpaste. Don't increase your what status by making you look better. Fucking with your teeth. If you some people need cars, some people will buy a car based off whatever the bug metrics. Right? But you know, if you want to really make money, man, you know, selling lamb bowls. That's where you do that. You sell a stat nobody needs a lamb over the increased their what status. And even treat kids if you have an era of exclusivity, then you can turn a Trinket into a status symbol. You see this all the time, Apple does this. Right? The iPhone has become a status symbol. When I met my girl and we were just friends, I had two phones back then, but I had one of them was an android. Like my personal phone when I first text, I managed to say that green text. She's like, you know what she's acted all crazy. And then I ended up switching that for her, but I ended up switching to a Apple phone for my personal phone. Now I still I have an android, but I noticed the stamp was sad, and even when I see your green test, I'm like, what the fuck? So Apple has become a status symbol just a little the iPhone. But even you know, the way they present their products in their stores, right? You can get a really good Windows computer for like fucking less than half the price. You can just say it's capable. You know, but they add the extra sexiness to it. You just come to status symbol so they're able to charge more. Right? You can make anything a status symbol. It is very important. And you want to think of this is very important. If you can position your product word raises people status. Not only will people buy more, you'll sell more too. Even a commodity. And status is not always like flexing. So for example, this was an advertisement back in the day for peanut butter. And it said, choose the moms choose Jeff. What they're trying to do, they're trying to say, oh, if you are good mom, you get this kind of peanut butter. Because moms care about their status as a mom. Every mom wants to be seen as a good mother. They use this campaign to turn Jeff into a status symbol. Right? It's just fucking peanut butter. You can do anything. You really need to understand this status plays a huge role in people's lives into the city and making even if they don't know it. Here's the study from Dr. David Bus. We said that people across cultures, people prefer high status partners because provides better resources and protection and genetic advantages. Yeah, if you to hire your status is the better chance you got spreading your genes all over the face. In fact, another study shows that shows that the human brain evolved to have such a large size compared to our body because of our need for status. So basically, our drive to acquire status actually grew our brains, our social brain, our policies and the simplification for social evolution. So if you can read it on your own nerd, if you want to give more details on it, I'm going to show you one more. Another study shows that higher status people are more confident, happy and influential. Neuro processing of social hierarchies and they actually, they raised and lower people's status amongst a group of others and they had brain scans on it and they showed it actually lit up. Anyway, so don't try to fight it. Use it to your advantage. We human beings are hardwired to do whatever they can to improve their status. That's how haters are made by the way because there's two ways to make the highest building in town. You can either build a house building or you can knock down all other buildings. Basically, when somebody's hating, they see somebody who threatens their status and they need to hate on that motherfucker. They can't help it. We would ever use selling. You want to find ways to increase the status of this thing so you can sell it for higher margins. And people will be more excited to buy it if it raises their status. If you're if a commodities, you've got to convince motherfuckers to do it. The Cestides, life's got to be threatened. Right? Trinkets, you got to fucking trick these motherfuckers in the get it. But luxuries, if you get attached status to whatever you're selling, people will be excited to buy from you. Jossal brings us to section number eight sales. You have to learn skills if you have a business because if you're not making sales, you ain't got a business. I have some videos and I post link in description on some of my best sales books and ones I like the most. And also have sales trainings here on YouTube for free. If you've attached status to your product or service upfront, even if you sell a long care, let's talk about how the fucking your customers have the best loans or some shit. If you're going to attach status to it, it does the selling for you. All you should be doing is asking the prospect question. Get them to convince themselves. Understand what they really want and present the right solution. That's all you should be doing. But you do need to understand the rights, the different sales mechanisms as they relate to price. So sales. It kind of looks like this is a hierarchy. Right? So you're going to have like a link in your bio for something cheap. Like real cheap. The sales mechanism can be like, hey, just a link with a sales page. However, when you start getting more, a little more expensive than this, now expensive is relative. It depends on your target market and what you sell it. A hundred dollars is not a lot of money, but a hundred dollars for a bagel is a lot of money. Right? It's just all relative, right? So just keep that in mind. So this is the least sophisticated. You only have links to a sales page. If you're selling really cheap shit, when you start increasing the complexity, then maybe you step your game up, you do something like a VSL. This is called a video sales letter. You know what I'm talking about? That's what you got to start reading more. It's to take it up a notch. After this, maybe you need some sort of webinar or presentation. Take it up a notch. More expensive than that. Maybe you do zoom sales, sales call. And the some real expensive shit. Again, it's relative, right? Real expensive shit. You got to do in person sale. More of a because they buy and they're beginning to also own. All right, when these companies are doing big deals, mergers and acquisitions, they fly to each other. And that doing the shit over Zoom, right? Cause these like billion dollar fucking deals, right? You got to figure out what you're selling, how expensive it is relative to your competitors, pick a sales mechanism in mastery, right? So the skills you need here are you got to learn copyright and basically you got to learn how to write copy for a above that though. You got to learn how to do like sales, one on one sales. These are those are the skillsets. First you figure out how expensive your product or service is relative to a market, then you figure out your sales mechanism, then you figure out what skill you need to mask it as sales mechanism. There's one thing that just hooks a hole in all it is, if you have enough credibility, if you have enough credibility, then none of this matters. For example, $100,000 is a lot of money for personal training, like a $100,000 a month, right? It's a lot of money. It's a lot of market rates. However, if the rock says, hey, I'm taking on two or three personal training clients, he could charge that much and put the link in his bio. He's got enough credibility. He's one of the highest pay movie star in the world of all time. Superfamous in great shape. He can sell something super expensive, which is a link. You know what I'm saying with a buy button. He doesn't even have that strong copy. He has so much credibility. The motherfucker who's got enough money to spend on that would know that he'll get an increase in what by getting the rock the train. I'm status. Who has higher status? The person who says, hey, man, my fucking trainer is some asshole from crutch. Or the guy says, oh, yeah, the rock is my personal trainer. Right? That's what that's the power of status, right? So credibility just blows a hole in all this. You got enough credibility. You could do whatever you want. How can you build that credibility? That's part nine. You got to learn marketing. In my mind, marketing is really a combination of awareness and credibility. You got awareness. Awareness just means people know who the fuck you are and you have credibility. People fuck with whoever you are. The people can know who you are, but that I mean you're credible. Right? Like, I know flavor, flavor. I don't want him to be my financial advisor. I won't know when flavor, flavor $30. Right? He got no credibility. My eyes, right? So awareness and credibility is marketing. How do you build it? There's two forms of marketing is direct response marketing. This is like when you tell me, hey, buy now. Usually ads buy now. Then there's branding. Branding is awareness. Branding does most of the credibility. Or you start building up that brand. That builds your credibility. And it makes your direct response easier. The best companies to vote. You might be driving down a highway. You see a billboard for Coca-Cola. That's not the direct response. Add. Then that is spec. You just see that the be driving. See that shit. I mean, you're Coca-Cola right now. That's not the intention. It's just for branding. I just want to keep you top of mind. If I do it, add on Facebook, I'm expecting something to happen. When I make these videos right now, this is branding. I'm not going to ask you for anything. I'm just just branding to boost my what credibility. If you watch this far, you're like, damn. It's motherfucking those with a fucking talking about. See what I did? I do when you're right now. If running your, very eyes, I've been doing it for fucking 14 years or some shit. But it makes the ads work better. Because if you see an ad from somebody you never heard of, better be a good fucking ad. And a good fucking product. Right? But if you see an ad from somebody that you already know like and trust, they built the credibility through branding, then the ads will be more effective. Ask me how I know. The two forms of marketing are direct response. The learn this. You have to learn PPP, paper, click ads. These are ads on Facebook, Instagram, you know, meta or, you know, YouTube, Google. This is easiest for you to learn right now. Right? You're not going to get ads on the fucking radio or TV right now. I wouldn't even do it if I had to. Oh, man. I got the money and I don't do it. Now when it comes to branding, the best way to build branding is with a social media, best and fastest. And in fact, if you have a large social media, it makes the ads work better. They can work better. So they actually work together. And the better you're marketed, the easier to sell. Right? Because remember, credibility makes it all fucking easier. You get to wear this credibility comes to the marketing. It's way easier if you've attached status to your product or service. Right? But first you have to have leverage to even get any of this shit off the ground. And that comes from money. And that it brings the social media as the last part. Social media is easy to focus on. And it's the most powerful one right now in 2025. If you could follow these steps, the implemented and get real aggressive, you can actually make a million dollars this year. I've helped people make over a million dollars in one year. I've seen it happen. I know I have been these are the steps they took. Right? If you want to learn more about online fitness game, right? If you want even more details this sound interesting, you just sound like you can do. I have an ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Click the link in the description right now. It's 100% free. And it goes into more depth than what I was able to do in this video. All right? Thank you.

=== FILE: If you are in your 20s, this video will change your life [axWGDIOeNfo].txt ===

If you're in your 20s, I want to give you the best advice you can get. If you follow the advice you will have tons of money and success in your 30s, if you do not follow the advice, you have nothing to show for your time but a bunch of funny stories and you'll look back and wish that you had listened to me because you are in so much despair, heartbreak and most likely poverty. I really want to normalize men spending their 20s or in 80 hours a week because that's what I did. After my father killed himself when I was 24, it was during the recession 08. Nobody was hiring, it was record unemployment but I still had to take care of my family so I started working for a job. I wake up at 4 o'clock and I would train people in the gym that I shouted at him, take the train to the protest store and so the world was a security guard and I would get that for like 8 hours and then I would work for my boys moving to the FFF at that. Did that five days a week? On the weekends, I would train people in the morning and then I would manage a barbecue restaurant in Queens. I was the weekend manager. So these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week. During the worst economic recession since the Depression, I record unemployment, leaving my brothers all the other shit, stock market poll and general remoders about to go out of business, all the banks about to go out of business, the government had to come in and save everything and it was a fucking mess. It was a nightmare. But I still made over $100,000 that first year I did that. And every year after that, working blue collar or shijabs, you don't need to, uh, collar's the green to do any of that, all you need was hustle and begin willing to work. But I kept that work at the, I spit less than I earned and I invested the rest in my business in different assets. By the time I was in my early 30s, I was a millionaire. Right now I'm in my 40s, multi-million, but it's because of that foundation I lay working super hard in my 20s. And when I tell people they should do that, they say, oh man, you're going to waste your best years of your life. Life's not all about work in life's bubble, blah, blah, blah, blah, no nigga. Listen to me, I would like to present to you an alternative viewpoint. Instead of thinking your 20s are for fun, fucking around playing grab ass, what if you use your 20s when you have the most energy, the least amount of responsibilities, and you do your healthiest in your strongest. What if you use that time to build the foundation, there will sit you up for the rest of your life and set up your future kids. Remember that story? I think it was the ant in the grasshopper, all summer, the grasshopper was fucking around playing with himself, fucking around having fun because of summer. The ants was working, they was getting ready for winter. They were happy when winter came, the ants had it, they was straight, it was all good. In my brain, the grasshopper died. He died a starvation in the winter. Maybe something else happened, I don't know though. But you don't want to be the grasshopper. To summer times, you're 20s. And that's what you could really set yourself up. And if you do that, you're set yourself up for your 30s. So you can actually have a lot of money in your 30s, then you can start trying to settle down, maybe start a family. It has some kids, right? But instead, I see people, they bullshit it, they're old 20s. And now they're in their fucking thirties. And they got kids in a wife or some shit. And they're like, oh, I'm poor, I'm broke. And I'd be thinking, man, what would the fuck was you doing for 30 years? Homey, you're just now decided to get serious when you've had some kids. What if you prepare for that shit? I think in the story, they aren't shared their food, but that's a children's story. And real life, you're going to die, homie, they're real shit, but they changed to make us the world and got to solve. Let me strengthen my argument. According to the data, average American works, about 34 hours a week. Here's some stats, 34 hours a week, not even 40, bullshit, right? The average American makes under 60 thousand dollars a year. So it stands to raise my nigga. If you double the amount of work, you double the amount of income. This is important because most of you love because of broke. There's another study that's tilted the majority of Americans has less than $1,000 in their account. So if the average American is only making $60,000 a year, and less than $1,000 in account, and only working 34 hours a week, let's work more than that so we could have more than that. It's like a simple man. You may be thinking, but man, how can I work that much? What does why say it guys in the 20s? It's harder if you got a bunch of kids and you got a family, because somebody's thinking, right now, man, what if I got like 18 kids? Stop blaming an Advocacy on your children. Second of all, I didn't say you'd have one of them kids. I told you not to. You keep making mistakes, dummy. You had six with all the women without a condom, I told you to use a condom. I just told you to use condom and pull out, but you didn't do neither one. Now you got a baby. You trying to blame your poverty. You're an Advocacy on your children. Stop doing that. It's not a man shit. All right, every human has 160-eight hours in every week. All right, let's say you sleep eight hours in night, 56 hours a week, sleep. Boom. Now you got, you got 112 hours left. All right, cool. Let's say you worked 80 hours today. You still got 32 hours left. Do whatever you want to 32 hours. What about using a bed? What about commute? What about clicking food and troubles yourself? That's what the 32 hours a week is for. Dip shit. You're saying, do I how much leisure time you need? Man, this ain't the fucking playground. Like your 20s is not about living your best life or having fun. It's really needs to be about setting yourself up for the future. Let your 30s be about having fun. It's called the laid gratification. The long you can think, the laid gratification and the more long term you can think, the better your outcomes are. Almost always things that are good for you now are bad for you in the future. And things that you maybe are uncomfortable now are usually good for you in the future. This is just on a short of timescale. Candies and Kate, it tastes great now, but it's bad for you in the future, right? All those exist calories are going to put on that. That's why the average American is 17 pounds overweight. The thing about momentary pleasure instead of long term. Even healthy, died of even in chloric deficit, it can be difficult or arduous now. But in the future, you look better. You feel better in your healthier. That's on a short time frame. Let's expand this, right? If you fuck around your whole 20s, getting high, party and fucking random people doing drugs, smoking pot, or whatever your kids are doing now. Kids out here eating fat in all, it may feel great now. It's going to be bad for you long time. You're going to be my age when then to show for a bit of a funny story. However, if you fucking do what I say now, putting that 80 hours a week now, you'll be balling by at 30. If you want, you can take your foot off the gas, or you can spin more time with family then, because you'll be your family. Right? More with in the 20s, maybe I wouldn't spend more time telling you, you're kicking with your fucking mommy? You have your own got kids. Crow up, my nigga. I kick you with your family, the family you create dipshit, and you do that later after you putting the work up front when you got some fucking bread. And then it's better. I was at Disney World. I'm not certain, but the bro people, man. We skipping the lies is shit. I thought it was good for my son to see, skipping the lies of poor people, as I ate it dead, and work hard in the 20s, man. He bullshit his 20s, man. That's why he got away in that long as line that we go straight into the front, my nigga. I told him that lesson, he's six. We're going to put yourself in the best decision to succeed, and put your children in the best position to succeed. Let me let me explain what this means. If the average American makes about $60,000, working 34 hours a week, there's no reason. You can't make at least $100k, working 80. I did it. Now your expenses are not $100k, I'm not telling you the craziest mess of this is it is exactly. You've got it. We remember, we're delaying gratification. This is not by fucking lambo's as shit. I'm about to buy my first Rolls Royce, I'm 42. You get them saying, when I started my YouTube shit, you know, like 12 years ago, you see, I'm just wearing Apple Watch, no fucking Richard Mio in that as shit. Maybe the most suspicious shit I had on with some Jordan's, you know, because I'm from Chicago and I'm put it. You know, I live well below my means. You see the small apartment in Queens, you know, I'm not, I wasn't out here flexing at all, no car, nothing at shit. What was I doing? I was saving half my money. I was making a bunch of money, and I was put half aside, save it, or invested. So I was invested in my business, and then when I was quit all my jobs, and I was just making money, it was making more than $100,000 a year at that point, even when I got to seven figures in my early 30s, when I was like making a, you know, my first million, I invested more than half of it, or I lived well below my means, and invested the rest, that's how you get rich. That's only what you rich, I don't know the other way. I didn't make it the money of YouTube alone, to be a fucking multi millionaire. I worked hard in my 20s, and most of my 30s, and I didn't start flexing until I was like 36, 37, you know what I'm saying? Like, look at those videos. I didn't start buying a bunch of fucking prodigalty, Louis, you know, I don't even have a car yet. I'm about to buy my first Rolls Royce, but in the year I got to do it for the 80s, so I get the tax right off. That's a main lead to much money here. Otherwise I got to give it to the government. They gonna spend it on missiles. I'm listening, if I don't buy the Rolls Royce, I'm funding some more somewhere. That's how I look at it. Now, second thing to do is this would be the simplest way to get rich. Make as much money as you can, means 80 hours a week. That's about the capacity. Especially if you're 20s, you got the bigger, you're young, and you're 30s and 40s to get more difficult, because you got more responsibility. And you just shouldn't be saying the same bro. I could sleep four hours in my 20s, and like not feeling. Fossil four hours today, I might die, bro. At page 42, I don't know about live. Make as much money as you can, but work in 80 hours. Live all less than half of it, but invest the rest. Right, imagine if you did this, like just check me out. You should be able to make 100,000 dollars a year if you were 80 hours a week. I'm telling you, you definitely can't. There's Uber drivers who make 100k a year. This is article about this do. He made 100k dollars a year, but he worked 84 hours a week. This won't fuck a hustling harder than you home. He's just driving over, man. Doing overheat in deliveries is shit. You know, I understand you could do it. That's this is like not the easiest way to do it, but if you got a regular job in you drive Uber on the side or something, 80 hours a week, man. This won't fucking do any. Let's just say you took my bikes. You can raise your living expenses. Raised to fucking 50k a year, but you invest $4,000 a month. Remember, I can't get that much. Remember, I told you, go, go, for you guys to work 80 hours a week. And the lowest, the easiest investment, right? Let's say you're starting to 20, you do this for 10 years. Let's just say you put it in an index fund. VLO, spy, anything. It's usually around 10% that's the annual stock market. It's going to say we compound it annually. All right, let's calculate boom. In 10 years, you have $700,000. That's a lot of money for most of you guys. You'd be almost a millionaire. This is how much of you just say, but now I tell you investor, right? Let's say you extrapolate it. Let's say you're 20 and you did this year for 20 years. Work in 80 hours a week for 20 years. If you do that, you're me. You're me. You're me. Like, I've been doing that. My sales guys, they're in Miami. We all, they're saying I'm a boy's house. And I got all my sales team here in Miami. And they see me work from like 6 a.m. because I wake up before to want to 8 p.m. It's not all work that I definitely take some time to work out in that eat food, right? But then I'm working about 12 hours a day. They see it. They was like, kind of shock. They're like, oh, shit. I really know it was real. Yeah, I've been doing this normal me now. So let's say you did that for 20 years. You mean, don't say you can't do it. Boom, man. In 20 years, right? At the time of your my age, man, you got close to 3 mil. What about inflation or inflation? Man, you'll still be happy with that shit on me. Chill out. That's life change to shit. After 15 years, you have 1.5 mil. You know, 25, do it to your 40. Come on, man. You know, say you can you have your first mil and 12 years if you just did it for 12 years. That's the lowest investment, right? If you would do something like invested in your own business, like I did, I invested them all business. It had I learned ads and I invested in skills. I invested in myself it in my business at first. And then what's the business started making it of money? Where's like I had financial surplus. Then I started investing stocks bonds real estate. That's how you get rich. The only way to get rich to make more than you spend and invest the difference over a long period of time. If you are the average mother fucker, working less than 40 hours a week, making 60k is not enough to invest to make a big difference. You'll never be rich with this kind of income and this kind of work ethic. You'll never be rich like that. I don't know anyone who's rich who worked with the average of American works. 30 to 40 hours. I'm sure this may be some example somewhere, but I don't know anyone. Not the pro athletes, I know they fucking work more net. The best ones they train all day, none of the fucking lawyers I know were rich. They work more than that. The fucking doctors I know who worked. They work more than that. And certainly the entrepreneurs like the success watch of the newest 80% of businesses feel. If you know that the risk is so high, why wouldn't you put as much work impossible to mitigate that risk? Real self. You're not going to get rich working 40 hours a week. The third and the third and the third of the rich making the 60k. That's what the average person is doing. That's why I started videos. I want to normalize. Young men working 80 hours a week. The reason I said young men is because if you're young, you don't have as many responsibilities. I don't have to worry about some. What about all my fucking kids? You know, shut the fuck up. What about family? What you was trying to tell me with your mama you ain't got no kids, man? And your mama must go out and be somebody, be successful, man. And then you get you can take care of your mom. Like my mom don't have to, after my father killed herself. So you don't have to pay no bills. She don't have to pay for shit. She needs some money. She needs something to have to send it to her. A nothing. You feel that's what you want to be. You want to be able to take care of them when you're older. And you can't do that unless you're fucking come up. So I know some people say, what about living life? What about enjoying life? Recreation is not the only way to enjoy life. Because a lot of times when people talk about enjoying life, they're talking about eating this. They're talking about party. They're talking about vacation. They're talking about sometimes they're talking about drugs, casual sex, we know recreation or activity. And it's not that wrong with those things within themselves. But it that's the only way that you can enjoy life. And that makes me sad because you can only do those things sometimes. You can't do those things all it. It's that's the only way you can enjoy life is recreation. You'll live that life work. And I've got a case of the Mondays. Can't wait for the wicket. Thank God, it's Friday. Oh, that's it. Escapeism. Because they don't like what they do. However, you can switch the real all the ballers I know. They find joy seeing how they get contribute to the world. Seeing how much they can push themselves. Recreases that the only way to find joy. In fact, it's the lowest way because recreation only benefit you. Even if you're just working for someone else. That that business sale something to people, a product or services people, and you're helping people get this thing that they obviously want. That's why they're changing currency for it. They're actually contributing to society when you work. I don't understand why men are so adverse to work. And there was a time there was a time when men worked way more than 40 hours a week. Those people were kind of considered heroes like good men. But for whatever reason now, you can demonize if you want to work 80 hours a week. People look at you like you kite. Some kind of disease called any you will work a holiday. As if enjoying what you do is somehow bad. Is if putting in work work is bad. As Buckingham is saying, you know Martin Luther King when they went on the march on watch. Then it wasn't called the march on watch. And then that's what they named it after it was called the march for freedom and jobs. And jobs. One of the king when did you work brother? You know what I mean? We got to get out here and work man and contribute. And then set shit up for our kids. Now that you set them up to be in a better position, living in a better safer neighborhood going to better schools with a better curriculum, providing better services for your children. But you also teach them work ethic. They learn work ethic. If their father was a hard worker, if the recreation is the only way you enjoy life, men, and it really makes me sad for those people. They don't understand it. Those of us who learn to enjoy. Listen, I say, I'll just see what I made up. We enjoy life more than them because they get only doing on the weekends or after work. I'm enjoying life from the time I wake up. At the time I go to sleep. I'm not saying, oh, I got a kiss at a Monday. I can't fucking wait for a Monday. Because I get to put my jersey on them excited. But I like the weekend too because I work on the weekends paper. Listen, you do this shit for a few years. You start getting some of this bread. You can think you put off the gas. And this is like the lowest form. Just a simple bite of index line for $1000 every month. Imagine if you put in something more lucrative like your own business or if you've figured out a high-paying skill, where you can get paid more per hour. These things will benefit you and it'll benefit you of future. Your future is so with thank you. However, there's a lot of people who are in the 30s and they wish they were tired. I know what that depends. If you want to know what you should work on, know the hours, maybe you somebody was searching on business. After I worked two years, I had some money to say to have my income and I bet that the business that started was online training. And I was one of the first people to do online training. And that's how many of my first million dollars. And now I teach other people how to build their online business. Or I got a bunch of students who have made over million dollars. You could also check out my free ebook, the 10 commemands of online training. If you want to know something right now, the link is in the description is free. If you want some more advice on how to make some money, I got a video that's going to help you out a lot. So I'm where I click click do it.

=== FILE: If you need to make $5000 in 7 days with online fitness watch this [ocbNr5-sFlw].txt ===

I'm about to break down exactly what you need to do if you want to make $5,000 in the next seven days as an online trainer. And I'm well suited to teach this because not only have I helped over 15,000 students built their online fitness businesses, people started with nothing no following right now they have full time online fitness businesses. I have some students who make over a million dollars a year as online trainers. But I was one of the first people to ever do online training back in 08 after my father killed himself during the recession of 08 the worst recession since the depression I started online training. I was one of the first people to ever do it all of us who did it in that class around that time we were inventing it. I helped invent online training. Mass it it. Now I'm a teacher. Get your fucking note pads out. Pay attention if you follow the stiffness and you don't make $5,000 in the next seven days I want you to know it's your fault. I'm a fucking expert. If I only made $5,000 to tomorrow I'd be suicidal. But if you can do it in seven days that's going to be a big deal for you. Right? I'm going to show you how you can get $5,000 in the next seven days as an online trainer. And you're not going to have to build no goddamn funnels. You're not going to run any ads, spend any money. You're not going to build a fucking course. And you don't need any prior experience. And you don't need to be certified. That's a common misnomer. People think you need to be certified to be an online trainer that is not true. You don't even need to be certified legally to be a personal trainer. Jim's want you to be certified. More for his short series. When I first got my first dot when I was 17 as an in-person trainer I worked at Bally's Total Fitness. And they said, yeah, just get certified within 90 days. When I was training people didn't pay the dream people before I was certified. Right? There's no law so you got to do it. Some people erroneously believe you need to be a certified dietitian to give diet advice. That is an old wives tail. Right? It's just not true. According to laws you only need to be a certified dietitian if you're going to give diet advice to cure diseases and shit. But when doing that we just help people get in shape. So don't worry about anything. No experience nothing can hold you back. Now if you're watching this and you follow the steps I'm assuming you don't look like shit. You don't have to look like me. I mean, set up attainable goals, right? But I'm assuming you look like someone who can be a trainer. If you are here looking like the before picture is going to take you longer than seven days because you have to get in shape first, man. Even if you know all the science. Even if you got a degree, a master's degree in keenest physiology is going to be hard. If not impossible, be a successful online trainer. I don't give a fuck how much of a fucking nose. If he's homeless, he can't be my success coach. I don't care how much books knowledge he has. I'm not hiring him as my success coach. If he's homeless, a fat trainer is much like a homeless success coach, a guard dog with no teeth, prostitute with no mouth. It's not going to work. No one's going to hire that person. I'm also going to assume that you know something about fitness. You fucking work out. You know how to get in shape. Maybe you've helped friends or family members get in shape. You're not a complete novice to this, right? Because if you don't know anything about fitness, and you try to sell people on fitness, you my friend are a scammer. That's how scammers are made. One of the things you don't know shit and then try to teach it. So what you're going to learn today is exactly how to sell online training, how to actually get customers and how to train them online so they get good results. What I'm going to teach you today is going to show you how you can get better results for your online clients than most people get with an in-person client. And I have tons of evidence in this. Let's get into it. Step one, you got to figure out what you're going to sell. So a lot of times when people when they get into the online fitness business, they think, hey, I'm going to sell some e-books. So I'm going to sell some courses. That's borderline R word. All right, I can't say you know what I mean. Let me explain to you why. We want to make the go. Remember to go. Five, racks in seven days. One, you ain't got time to write a fucking e-book or make some courses. Courses is the worst way to make money as an online fitness person. Let me explain break it down for you. In most businesses, we have something called a vow you ladder. And at the top of your value ladder, you have your most expensive stuff. Then you have your mid tier stuff. Then you have your cheap stuff. Or even you might have some free stuff to no monetary value. And all I've been is the business. The value that I've ever looked like this. All right. The bottom, we have social media content. All right. This is the free stuff you give it away. You're giving tips and tricks. Helping people comes to the goals. Much like I'm doing that. I can pay nothing for this. You should think. Right. Your cheap shit for fitness. You have my fucking e-books. Nobody wants your fucking e-book asshole. Not your e-book. That's a mine. I'm a fucking expert. You're a guy. Nobody wants your e-book. All right. Then you have courses. All right. This is what people think. Hey, I'm supposed to put courses. Sorry. You're saying? All right. Yeah. So, and then at the very top, we have online training. Now, let's just do some simple math. Social media is free. So, we will count that. E-books to average e-book about $10. I mean, some people sell it for more. But on average, it's all about $10. All right. Remember, you need to make $5,000 a seven days. That's why you click this video. It's all I'm trying. How many fucking e-books do you have to sell to make $5,000? Fuck it. 500. Motherfucker. You ain't never sold 500 of anything. And you won't look and do that in seven days. Get real asshole. Right. Even if you did do it, right? Seven days. Once you fucking sell 500, what are you going to do again? Right. It's not a sustainable business. You just hit a lick. Courses. The average course is about $49. We're called it 50 for simple math. Right. You got to sell 100 courses. Again, it's still going to be your arduous test. Adobe is proposition at best. You ain't sold 100. Nothing online. Your whole life. And you won't all of a sudden do it in seven days. Not me. Get real. However, online training. Right. Here's what a decision has a few different pricing structures. The three different pricing structures. I did what I recommended. 16 weeks. I tell my students and they they close this every day. That's going to be $997. I'll say $1,000 for simple math. For four weeks or a month, boom. You sell that for $300. Or if you you fuck around and accidentally sell to some broke boys, you sell a weekly $80 a week. Now, it's less money upfront, but it's more money. As the weeks decrease, the amount of money per week actually increases. It's kind of like anything else if you buy something in bulk and get it for cheaper. That's how drug dealers make their money. Right. They buy cocaine in bulk. And then they distribute amongst the community at retail prices. Right. Anyway, the goal with everyone is to sell this $9.97. I mean, it's to sell this $1,000. Right. Well, how many of these do they sell to make $5? Okay, just five. You only need to sell five. That's easier to sell in a fucking 500 e-books. It's also easier than selling motherfucking hundred courses. If they can't afford the 16 weeks then you could down sale and right, but we're going for this. This is the game plan. Right. But the beauty of this is this is recurring. You have to do this. Of course, you have to sell a fucking hundred courses every month to no people. Because then I'm going to buy the same shit over again. You're not going to have a school group for online training. Oh, buddy wants to join you a fucking group ass of your school group. They get they want real training. They want you to work with them. Nobody's going to keep buying your e-book over and over again. So you've got to sell 500 every month to no people. Because then not going to keep buying it. This is recurring. This is how my students put up big numbers. They have a lot of clients who are paying them monthly or every 16 weeks. Boom. They hit their account. So this is what we're going to do. Online training and we're not going to sell fucking courses or e-books. All right. So boom. That's we already know what we're going to sell. We want to sell online training. I'm going to teach you how to train your clients later in this video. So they get great results and so this will take you a whole lot of time. And you'll be able to get better results for your online clients and you can't bring in personal clients. I guarantee you and you'll understand it once you finish watching the rest of this video. Next step, we will be figured out what we're going to sell. Now we need to figure out who we're going to sell to. There's two groups. There's your existing social media followers. All right. You might be thinking, hey, I don't have a big funnel and I got a small following. We only need five motherfuckers. You don't need to have millions of followers on all platforms like me. There's probably five people following you right now. If you're in decent shape, right? There's probably five people who could use your help right now. We need to get ready for summer instead of being all fat. You need to do this now. This is the good time to do it. It's still to be good. The year people still got their newest resolution going. And if you wait till summer it's going to be too late. It's the slow season for online trainers. People have already given up on their goals. The guys are going to have rock the dead by this summer and all the girls are like, oh, I guess I'm just going to date black guys this summer because I should have been pounds. It was black guys I know are dating a girl who weighs more than me and take those. So war that again we're going to start with your followers. That's the first group. You're existing followers. You don't need a huge following. We only need five people to pay us that. He's taking a market to your existing followers. You want to do three Instagram posts. He's going to be real because reals get the most reach. You impose on Instagram. Instagram is the platform is going to make you the most money. Three IG posts. Follow this script exactly bro. Don't fucking change nothing. Right? If you knew how to make $5,000,000 a day you wouldn't have clicked on this video. So the first you're going to do a voice over video. Remember, I assumed that you're fucking in good shape. You're going to have B-roll of you like, let the ways, look and shred it. Look at like an action hero. And what you're going to do is the voice over you're going to give them advice on something. Three tips to lose fat, three tips to build muscle, whatever area of expertise is. I'm going to show you example from one of my students, Jessica's Kelly Nicole Fit. I met her when she was in college. She joined my program, high ticket trainer. She said her goal was to not have to get a real job. Would you get out of the college, right? She started making 20k a month in college last year. She made $1.5 million in dollars. As an online trainer, I'm going to show you an example of one of her videos I want to make a video on just fucking top. Almost unnerated things you should be doing. If you want to lean out your core, like that number one get enough sleep. Not getting enough sleep will cause you to feel and look and flame and lead to poor recovery from your workouts. Now to mention, if you don't get enough sleep, you're also going to be hungrier, which will make hitting your protocols a lot harder. Number two, make sure all of your meals have fat in them. That's just the slowest, meaning it will keep you full list for longest. When you're in a deficit, this will help you stay on track of your protocols instead of being hungry 30 minutes after you eat. Number three, have meals and not snacks. Snacks are pretty calorie dense and typically low volume, meaning they're not going to keep you very full after you eat them. If you want to make sure that you're feeling safe shaded throughout the day, then it's important to have an actual meal. Number four, take a weekly or biweekly free meal so you can satisfy your cravings while staying on track for your goals. Do you want results like these? Just comment down below for our free follow us e-book, show you exactly how we get our clients lose 10 to 20 pounds, go like clockwork. You want to do something like it's going to be a video like three tips, four tips, some number tips. I'm going to make it easy for you to do assholes don't have to guess. You're going to do three tips that you build muscle, get abs, lose fat, whatever your shit is, right? And what you see what Kelly did, she just had B-roll, saw what her phone of her looking like the way her ideal clients want to look, right? Then I want you to have what's called a CTA. CTA stands for call to action. That's how I'm marketing turned. You learn it today. You're going to write in the caption, comment, pick a word, shred, alpha, red, whatever, be low, if you want, help with whatever your shit was about, whatever tip you had, whatever your video was about, right? So if you said so if you use three tips to get a six pack, comment, abs, below if you want help, get in the six pack. And I'm going to tell you why you're going to do it in a minute. The first one I want to show you to three videos, that's going to be CTA. This is going to have this CTA, it's going to be on all the videos. Now you can write more shit in the caption if you want. And I suggest you do maybe you actually like write out the tips in the caption and just have this at the bottom. So it's not just like a straight seal shit, right? You're going to write the tips in the caption, just read it to chat GPT, just open the fucking shit and just read what you would say anyway and say, hey, rewrite that for me as it is a gram caption, right? Don't. Now the second type of posts, you're not doing it on the same day, Monday, Wednesday and Friday, right, seven days. The next post you're going to do is going to be a walking video, right? You do the same shit, some sort of tips to give advice, give advice in a video. I'm going to show you example from one of my students, Cory Armstrong, like he's from a Detroit, Michigan, you recently moved out here because he got money now, right? He wasn't living in Detroit because he was rich and he was broke when I met him and broke in person training and making no money. I've been working when for the last two years, last year he made $600,000. As I'm not training, I'm going to show you kind of any of your rules, social media, substantially with a lot of the tips I told him. That's why videos can kind of like mine. All right, five hacks to lose that big ass belly, right? To lose that big ass belly fast as hell. Number one is track everything. Track the food, steps, calories, fluids, how much you weigh, body fabric, finish everything you can get your hands on so you have the most control over how you can manipulate those things over time as you see, how you're by the response to it. Number two, eat less. If you're looking the lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you could. So the problem is, most of you don't even know how much you can so many to know if you are creating that deficit of calories. And once you start to see how much you weigh, week to week from tracking those calories, just to increase the calories. Just eat a little bit less, but preferably, feel your diet up with foods that keep you full while you're in that deficit. Number three is, whole meals only, stop fucking snacking. If you snacking all day, you're snacking, essentially if you're snacking all day, you're comprising your diet primarily of food. Now watch what you're going to do. You're going to put the CTA in the video, foods that have very little to no nutritional value. And this is why you end up starving in hungry and always end up keeping your belly big as hell. Now if you want to leave that big belly behind and start from and leave in the habits and you want those last two hacks, comment the word course below and I'll send you my free course, the Big Belly Blast. All right, you ain't got a Big Belly Bass. And you ain't got time to make your ebook or free course. So you're going to do the same thing like we did in the last video where you just did a voiceover, this is going to be a different style. You're just going to walk. Fill me with your phone, super simple. I don't have time to explain you how to set up equipment and lighten it all that shit. Right, you ain't got time to learn that shit. Just go outside. Everybody can afford outside. Unless living the fucking projects or something, right, go somewhere nice, even you live in the projects man, go somewhere that looks nice, feelin' that outside, just give those tips and it to shit in cap cut, right, no fancy adding anything. You get the tips. Then you see Cory wrote the tips in his caption, this is what I want you doing on all of them actually, right? People actually read this, right? And then you also, you have a CTA at the bottom. Your CTA is going to be the same, right? But you were writing in the caption. Okay, I'm gonna tell you what you're going to do when they come in. You notice we're not saying, hey, I'm going online trainer, you know, let me train you by my shit. Here's the link, link in my bio and then that shit, which is helping people. The next video you're going to make, a transformation time lapse. It's going to be you, your transformation, right? You're probably, if you are in gray shape, you probably weren't always in gray shape, you didn't come out, look, oh fucking woo, look and like that, right? You, or even better, a client. You've ever trained anyone before, didn't use a client. If you've never trained nobody before, then you use you. Use yourself. Let me show you that. Let's talk about show you example from one of my students, co-written, sudden. He's from my end, Florida man. He's of a former Marine veteran, right? When I met him, he was, you know, straight, fresh out the Marines, trying to figure out how to, how to make some some real money. It said, in a percentage he was not a real believe discharge. He finished this tour in service. He joined my program in the current made over 500 K last year and he's done that for like three years in a row. I'm sure you have his sample, his time that video. I can't play the music, but it's nothing. He's not even talking. He's just a time lapse of one of his clients. You do that shit, but you do, you yourself or client. You know, they don't have to be as good as this, right? You just have to, I mean, as well, that is this, right? And who now, now look at them, yeah? But it could be you over the years or some shit. And what you're going to write here is either how you did it or what you did to help your client do it. And then at the end, guess what? Same exact call to action. The goal is just to get people to comment that word, shoulder interest, raise your hand. We're not trying to sell them from the fucking video. You don't need a whole fucking commercial and no silly shit like that. In fact, and then you want to say click the link in my bio to bio or no goofy shit like you just want them to comment. Remember, you need to make 5 to another 7 days. What you're going to do is you're going to DM each one of those people who comment that word below, right? Because they've showed interest. This is the third part of our plan, DM to Zoom. Let me explain why. You don't want to sell them in the DM. That shit is not going to work for you. I've done it. I know how to do it, but I got time to teach you that shit. And you and you got time to learn you guys 7 days. So we're going to use a more potent sales mechanism. We want to get them onto a Zoom call. And here's what we're going to do when you're talking to this person. Hey, some was so saw you commented the word on my post. Tell me more about your fitness goals. What are you trying to accomplish? And you start talking blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you respond to that, you know, be normal. Then you say something to the effect of, how long have you been trying to accomplish that? You want to see how long they've been working on there. Especially if if they've been struggling with this for years. A lot of them want to say years. You know? And then you act in ... in your opinion, what do you think? are the main things that have been stopping you from accomplishing those goals. And then they'll tell you all the stuff cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Then you say, hey, if you want, we can hop on a Zoom, and I can help break down a game plan for you. How's that sound? Boom. And they should say, yeah. Right. You know what I think you schedule a time for it? Or if you take out time to hop on Zoom with them right then and there. If they're ready, you send them a Zoom link. And if not, you schedule a time for them. Don't send them a Cowlingly link. If you won't click it. You schedule the egg. What's how it works for you, man? What about you giving them some times and may work for them? Then once you're on Zoom with them, first of all, why do we go to Zoom? Well, because listen, man, remember to go. You might not know these motherfuckers that well, right? The goal is to get a thousand dollars out these motherfuckers. You know what I'm saying? Right. And exchange for the right to train them. You know, somebody's gonna spend a thousand dollars with you. They gotta know you. They gotta like you and they gotta trust you. But they might not trust them. If I could never talk to, I'd never gave a thousand dollars to someone I'd never spoke to. And I'm rich. No one's ever slated my DM and got a thousand dollars off me. Probably not you either. I don't think human beings behave like that. You gotta build up more rapport with them. And then you could also ask more questions, right? So if you know sales, then this is gonna be easy. I want time to teach you sales. And you want time to learn in seven days. So what you're gonna do is, you got all that information for them. You know about their goals. You know what's holding them back. And then you come up with like a game plan. Tell them what their macro should be. With their workout plans should look like. Tell them everything. Don't be afraid to give them all the information. And then at the end, they're gonna be a little overwhelmed. It's gonna be a big change for them, right? And you can ask them something like that, hey, man. So does this sound a little overwhelming? Or you feel like you got it? Which would like me to help you implement this plan. You gave in the game and just gonna sell an implementation. A lot of them, not all of them. But a lot of them will say, yeah, man, I would love that. We're like, all right, then you know, I can't train you for free, but this is what it's gonna look like. And you're gonna explain to them how it works. You're gonna break the whole thing down. And then you're gonna just say, and you know, and I charge $1,000 for 16 weeks of training. Some of them are gonna say, yeah, someone gonna say, no, if you're out here struggling for $5,000, you probably not an expert salesman. So you gotta go for volume. You want to get as many people when he's called as possible. Someone gonna say, yeah, right? Someone really gonna say, oh, man, I would. This is too much. If they say, no, then you offer them immediately for weeks for $300, right? Might be more digestible for them. Let's just do it monthly. There's no commitment, you know, cancel whenever you want. Lying in the live people take that. If they still ain't got no fucking bread, then you say, hey man, all right, listen, here's what I can do. We can just do a week by week. How's that sound? $80 a week. Lying in the live people say, yeah, now I could teach you how to do sales. I can teach my students. I could teach you how to overcome objections. You know what I'm gonna go this year. We try to do this this seven days, man. Now there's one more person. You can hit up. This is gonna be easier. Remember I say your friends and family. Right? So you don't know the easiest, just in followers. But you should also just send a text message to all your friends and family, send them this message. What's up? Uncle Dimitrius. I'm starting my own life in this business. Would you be interested in being one of my clients? It's gonna be easier with your friends and family. You shouldn't try to sell them like you would sell someone else, because they fucking know you admit some change of diapers to shit. They grow up with you. They take it in a chance on you. So hit up all your friends and family and just be real straightforward with them. You know, if you want to get them this kind of gambling, remember all you need is five people to say yes to this shit. But then it's still like how do you train them? It's very important. This is how you're gonna get better results for your online clients and most trainers get for the in-person clients. You've ever been in a gym, you've been in a gym. You see you fucking, some trainer parade and some asshole around the gym all the time. Having them do wacky as I exercise them. My fucker might be my fucking doing one leg cable rolls on a stability ball. All right, what does it like? Wacky shit, right? You know, and this motherfucker looked the same. Right? Why? I'm gonna sell you out. So I was an in-person trainer in the fucking 90s bro. I got damn bill Clinton administration. Some of you motherfuckers was watching Doria de Explore, fucking with Teller, Tubby, and Barney shit. Man, I was training 10 people at that. Right? First online training. And I know that online training is more effective than I'm gonna spell you out. When I was the in-person trainer, we put all the emphasis on the workout. And very little on a diet. Like, a in-person trainer may give you like some tips and ships, right? But they're not really tracking your mac rules and your calories every day, are they? No. No, they just give you some tips and tricks, right? But here's the thing. What's more important when it comes to getting a shape? Is it the training or the diet? Everyone knows it's the diet. But these people pay in-person trainers, the average in-person trainer in America gets paid $100 per hour. You have to see the training at least three times a week to get some decent results. Right? So now we're talking about $300 a week. Online training is only $80 a week. But it's also better and I'm sure you are. Right? And in big gyms, like, gympy Equinoxes, like $500 a session. That means these people are paying $1,500 a week. And then that even gets in diet. Then that even gets nutrition coach. And it's the most important part. You can't out-training a bad diet. But you can't out-diet bad training. And I realized this when I was a person trainer. I was like, man, we're putting the emphasis on the least effective part. So I said, fuck it. Let's flip this shit. I'm gonna put more emphasis on the diet. And I'll give them, I'll tell them what the work out, man. But they're formed is not perfect. Then I try to be in the fucking limpia. They're just trying to look good, right? Then I got the gold and the gridiron and compete against Patrick Mahomes or some shit. Right, you can't see him. They're just fucking regular guys and girls who want to look good. So if the form is not exquisite, they'll be fine. Right? But if the diet is on point, they're gonna get an amazing shape. This is more effective. So I realized I couldn't watch their form, but I could track their diet. So what I did, and this would you can do. You don't have to buy no expensive software or pay any money. You could do this all for free. I did it for free for years. I just used Google Sheets. And I just set up a spreadsheet with their macros and calories. And I told them how to track it. And I told them to put that in there every day. And then I put their work out in there. Google Sheets. Super simple. Share it to sheath with them. Now I can see in real time. I can see what their calories look like. I can see what their macros look like. Right? And here's the thing. They're doing it on their own. They're doing the workout and they're doing the diet on the own. I gave them the plan. I'm keeping them wet. A countable. You're going to get them a custom diet plan. Custom workout plan. The most important thing is you're going to keep them accountable. You're going to make sure they do it because they can fear to shit out on their own. What to do? But they're not going to do it. You know what to do. And you don't ever do it. Right? Think about when you didn't want to go to the gym. Last time you didn't want to do the gym, but yeah, Jim buddy was there. It was a lot more difficult for you to fucking flake on him. Because he was keeping you wet accountable. People behave better when they have a countability. And if you, so your job is a trainer. You're going to get them a custom workout plan. You're going to give them a custom diet plan. You're going to make sure they you're going to set up a Google sheet that you're going to chip. They're going to fill that out every day. And every day what you're going to do is you're going to look at their sheet and text them. No matter what, if they hit already numbers, did everything's supposed to do when they hit their macros and calories, they hit them up, yelled man, congratulations. You'll create job. Kill that shit. Let's keep up the good work. It didn't if they don't do it. And he was like, hey, James, what happened? What happened yesterday, buddy? What can I do to help you get back on trap? All right, so we can get this momentum back. And what's going to do it, what you're going to do is you're going to be giving a positive reinforcement when you do it right. And you're going to get negative reinforcement when you do it wrong. And what's going to happen is not only would you train them the way you're traditionally thinking about training, you're going to train them the way you train a pet or animal. Right? And that's how you train a dog or cat. You when you do something good, because hey, that's a good boy. Give them a motherfucking treat. Do that shit enough, man. Muffers will be doing backlips, sitting on his high layers or whatever the fuck people do with their dogs, man. Having doing stunts in shit. You know, right? And there's all based off positive reinforcement, right? But with the dog, it's a dog true up your food. You know, sit on the carpet, peel your girlfriend, then you, I don't know, pistol with it. I don't know what people do with their daughter. I never had a pack. Right, but maybe they spray. But why I don't know what you, you get what it means to have something. You do something to the negative reinforcement. The behavior you don't like the dog to continue to engage in. You understand what your client is? And you're not going to be mean to him. You're not going to piss the whip on. We can't do that anymore. Right? So what we're going to do is we're just going to hit him up. And play it. You know, just let him know that we're just supposed to have a happy man. What's going on? And what's going to happen is they're going to start tracking their calories. And it's going to start hitting their macros better. And all you got to do is think, here's a secret on my train. It's super easy. What you had to set up because all you had to do is get them to fucking track their macros. Let me show you a study. This is a study from Duke University. In this study, they had some fat boys. All they didn't give them a workout plan. Dipland nothing. They just said, hey, hey, fat boy. Just track your goddamn calories every time you eat something. Just track it. It might fit this power. You don't want to follow a dark man. Just track what you eat instead of just have has really put anything in your mouth like a hole. Just do it for three months. And without even giving them a diet plan, no workout plan, no protocol. The plan was nothing. Just track. Just the mere act of tracking the average participant lost five pounds in 90 days. Now you might think five pounds in 90 days. That's not a lot. That's not impressive. Until you remember they had no fucking plan. They didn't tell them to be in the chlor deficit. They didn't tell them to do keto. They didn't tell them to do anything to me to fast in. They didn't tell them to go on a paleo diet. Nothing. Just be fucking regular. And track it because people perform better when they track shit. And this study has been replicated multiple times. You can come up with a better plan than nothing. Right? Because this study shows that nothing worked. They gave them nothing and it still worked. You know, all you got to do is get the new track and everything. You got to be on. You got to hit your clients up every morning. And nothing you're going to offer 24 hours of support. This doesn't mean that they can hit you up any time of the night. This means a you will answer all their questions within 24 hours. What I like to do is I hit my clients a bit of morning. Check out on the shit boom boom boom and then in after and after noon I check to see if they had any questions. That's why all their questions can answer every 24 hours. I'm I'm keep it. In fact, I'm in touch with them every 12 hours. Now they're going to fill in the you know, come on man. That's valuable. That's worth $80 a week. That's worth $80 a week for short. They get a customer plan custom meal plan. You're going to keep them accountable every day and they're going to get 24 hour access to you. Man, you could also if you want, if you want this is optional, you want this sweet and the pot. Do checking calls with them once a week on a weekend. Set them a checking call. All right. You know you had to do that, but you can't. You know what they're taking call once a week. Boom. You got that's worth $80 a week. Especially when you remember it equals knocks is not even tracking the diet. The train is not even tracking the diet. None of that shit. And they're able to charge $5. $1 a session. If they see their clients three times a week, that's $1,500 a week. Right, you know, it's hard to eat. You know, they got this shit. And that's the dang plan. If you want some help with this, right, if you want to learn more about the online fitness game, right, if you want even more details this sound, it shouldn't be you just sound like you can do. I have an ebook called the tank of members of all my training. Click the link in the description right now. And download it is 100% free. And it gives you even more detail and you know, ways you can do this in a even more sophisticated manner. And it goes into more depth than what I was able to do in this video. All right, let's get it.

=== FILE: If you're ambitious but lazy, please watch this... [WdkJ4glTcEU].txt ===

I know some of you guys are lazy bastards. It's fucking awful. However, I'm gonna show you how you can succeed even if you're lazy. You lazy. That's why you clicked on this video. However, you're also ambitious. You got all these goals that you set for yourself. You end up with a bunch of nothing. Because you've been lazy. I'm gonna show you in this video how you can still accomplish your goals even if you are lazy. This video's gonna be broken down into two parts. One, I'm gonna show you how you can utilize your laziness to your advantage and turn what was a flaw into an attribute. Then I'm gonna show you how to overcome that laziness and to build more discipline. All in one video. I'm able to do that because I'm not lazy. But you are, so get your no bad out. Hey attention. I'm sure you had to get some money. So, the first part, we need the harness, your disgusting laziness into a super bow. Like Ryan Halliday said, the obstacle is the way. When break this down in the three sections, let's see how we're like, and we're, I can draw all this. Huh? You're gonna make this. That's fantastic. I should have never doubted myself. Hold on. And that is good enough. Okay. So we'll break this down into three sections. So the first part is, you actually need to do less. Some of you guys aren't as lazy as you think you are. You're just trying to do too much. You have all these ambitions and all these goals and you want to learn an instrument. Speak it seven languages, start 20 businesses and be an international playboy. I want to accomplish all of that this month. And wabs is, you get kind of an analysis of paralysis. And wabs is your brain kind of doesn't know where to begin. And it just shuts down, you end up doing nothing. It's more of an overwhelm. I want you to think about last time that a bunch of tabs open, like you were on the corn hub or something, you know? And you had a bunch of tabs open trying to figure out where you're going to finish. And then you get to like the 50th of chrome tab and the whole thing just shuts down. That's what happens with your goals. You got too much shit going on and you're trying to do too much and you end up doing nothing. And your mental CPU crashes. But we also need to learn how to conserve discipline. You have enough discipline to accomplish some things. You just don't have enough discipline to accomplish all the fucking crazy plans you set for yourself. You're ambitious. You want to do a whole bunch of shit. Wabs is your spreadsheet self thin. This discipline is kind of like a gas tank. You have some discipline each day, but you run out of discipline. And here's actually a study that I found. The illustrates this, I'm not going to read this whole fucking study. But you can go read on your own. You call it ego depletion. So ego, yeah, don't mean like self-selfish ego on scientific terms. This is what they mean for like willpower discipline. Right? And the more you use it, the less you have. And it goes for everybody. The thing is you have enough to accomplish one of your goals. You just don't have enough to accomplish everything. And that's why you end up accomplishing nothing. So because that we're going to do less, we're going to focus on one goal. You want to find one major goal to focus on. Oh, here's some special happens when you start breaking it down like this. Once you're doing less and you have your focus on one major goal, then you have what? Focus. And then you're doing less and you're conserving your discipline. That gives you efficiency. See if I can squeeze that in here. Hey, I shouldn't have never doubt on myself. All right, that gives you efficiency. When you've conserved your discipline and you're waiting to use it on the one goal, the thing is important, that gives you intensity. So now you're intensely focused on one goal and now you're going to be more what efficient. Right? You just got to use your discipline more and more efficiently. How do we do this? What does it look like? All right, so it looks like this. I'm going to set this up. First thing we need to figure out is what's going to be your one goal? We'll say main goal. You need to figure out what that's going to be. I know you might have all these plans and all these stuff you want to accomplish watching YouTube videos on how to accomplish goals because you can't accomplish goals. Right? So don't try to do 30. Let's master one because what you want to do is you want to pick the one goal that will make everything else easier or unnecessary. I think that's always going to be a monetary goal. An income goal, personally. You might have some goals going on, but I can't think of anything. They can't be easier or unnecessary with more money. For example, my boy Jeremy is on a way lost journey. Let's call it for a long time. And it I was even coaching him. He wouldn't track his macros consistently and I fired him as a client. I said, hey, I don't know how to do this shit. I'm not fucking with this no more. I would not allow you to ruin my reputation as an expert trainer. So a fire there was a client or still for instance. One of my best friends. However, he found a way around him. He found a trainer who's more patient and poor than me who he's able to pay a lot of money. And what he does is he takes pictures of his food. Everything he's eaten or tells him everything he's eaten. And the trainer tracks his macros for him. And he gets a breakdown at the end of the day of how much he ate and midday the guy was hit on my head. You have this many more calories left for dinner. Here's any gizz options. I say that to say because he had money, he was able to solve that problem. He made everything easier. I think you should pick a goal that will make all your other goals easier or unnecessary. You want to get a girlfriend. Hey, maybe you get some money. You want to get a shape? Hey, maybe you get some money. Maybe you hired the best trainers, buy the best food. That's my idea. But whatever, you pick one mango. Then you're going to have other goals, right? But we have one mango. And these other goals are going to help you accomplish the mango. And I call these offensive goals and defensive goals. Let me give you example. Let us say you're smart and you pick your mango to be get some fucking money. Gradulations, your intelligence. So offensive goal may be in a second job. Start your business. Learn a high income skill. Those are offensive goals. But see these goals support the mango. And then a defensive goal is going to be something that prevents anything occurring that can hinder your progress. So if you got a girlfriend, you might have to take that bitch on a date and shit. Right? Otherwise, she's going to start tripping. And she's going to impede your hustle. And she's going to start tripping. They all that shit. Right? So you maybe date nights as a defensive goal or facing relationships with a defensive goal. Or for me, if something goes wrong with my son, everything stops from my son, everything stops. One of my defensive goals, this is just make sure I keep building that relationship. We're having to make sure that I'm influential to him and spending a lot of time with them. It's a defensive goal because I love spending time with them. But also, if I don't and something may, you know, he may start acting out in school or you might have some emotional issues. Who knows what happens? Defends of goals. Right? And then you want to have selfish goals and altaristic goals. Now, again, everything on this side are result goals, meaning that these goals will be the results of you accomplishing your main goal. So a selfish goal, it might be, hey, maybe you want to rich your meal. Maybe you want a new car. You need that motivation because if it's just like, oh, I want to save the fucking whales, right? Yeah, it's cool, right? But you want to have selfish goals as well. And you want to have altaristic goals. These are things you may do to help other people, right? But it's going to be a result in your main goal. So maybe it's like, okay, now I can buy my mom a car, get my mom out the hood. If you're online trainer or something, like, man, I just want to change people's lives. You know, I just want to help people get healthier. But these are the result of your main goal. These are like process goals. These help you accomplish the main goal. And this way, everything is congruent. Right now what most of you want to fuck is due is you got this is you and you got one goal to go to this direction, right? You got one goal in this direction. You got another goal in this direction. You got another goal in this direction. And you're going all over the place. And this how you go nowhere fast, right? Because your goal is not congruent. You want all your goals to go in one direction. That this is you're doing this reverse hairy style shit and on the network. What we wanted to do whenever our goal is like hairy styles and one one direction. Right? So all your goals need to be moving towards the main goal. That's what we want, right? And that's what this facilitates. Now everything is congruent. A lot of you your goals aren't congruent. I've really talked to people who wanted to have a great relationship with their wise, but they also wanted the fuck, you know, man bitches. Right? Those goals aren't congruent with each other. Like you got your goals got to be congruent. Now what's going to happen here is because now because nag nag doing reverse hairy styles anymore and everything's moving more direction, you're doing what this is how you can serve your energy. You're going to cut everything else. And I'm not saying you don't ever do the other goals that fall outside of this. You don't ever go after him. You just don't go after him now. When you accomplish the main goal, it will make accomplishing these other goals that you had that are outside of this diagram. It'll make it easier. That's why I say you should pick an income goal. Because if your goal is to travel the world, that actually falls in line, right? Because now that's the selfish goal, that's a result goal. Right? But if your goal is something that's outside of this diagram, if you get money, it'll be easier. But now you can serve in energy and you can serve in discipline. This is super critical. And you want to do that. So it's really, you got to say fuck everything else. Fuck everything else. If it's not in this diagram, fuck everything else. Because you are lazy. That's why you clicked on this video. That's why you're watching this now. So because that just know that about yourself and work with it, work with it, just do what you need to do to accomplish this goal. Don't try to do a whole bunch of other shit. Because remember like the example with those chrome tabs, that's going to be you. It's going to shut down. And the key is to have one goal, one main goal. And the other things, process goals or result goals. Things that help you accomplish the mango or results of the mango. That's it. Now there's another thing you need to do. Remember I told you, I was going to talk about showing you how to increase your discipline. It was kind of clickbait because I really believed that discipline is overrated. It sounds cool to say, you don't need motivation. You just need discipline. Disciplines like I guess thing. You only have so much of it each day. What if you could actually turn up the motivation? So you didn't need discipline. The motivation means you're excited to do something you want to do it. You don't need discipline if you're motivated. discipline means doing what you're supposed to do when you're supposed to do it. What do you want to win? But you gotta remember there are studies that show you only have so much of that shit per day. So instead of just trying to turn up the discipline. I don't know what I'm saying you should. It's a good attribute to have. I look at discipline like I use it in case of emergencies. I think it's easier and more effective to turn up the motivation. So discipline is not necessary. Let me show you what that looks like. There are three layers to this shit. Now this could have been its own video. However, I'm not lazy. You lazy. Three layers to this shit. I know I'm an amazing artist. Just try to relax about it. All right. So the first layer is what I call a state control. Thank you, John. This is your mental state your emotions. You gotta be able to it better. I control in your emotions. Because remember, motivation is just an emotion. What are emotions? Emotions are nothing but different neural chemicals going off in your brain. That's what emotion is. Four chemicals like open means serotonin. Different neural chemicals going off in your brain. You can manipulate your neural chemistry in order to call on different emotions that will. And I'm going to show you how to train yourself to call along motivation. Now you can do this for any emotion, right? You can call on determination. You can call on happiness. You can call on bravery. These are just emotions. I'm going to show you how to do that with state control. There's three different ways to control your state. We're only going to focus on one or the three. But I'll tell you what three. Three ways are one, you can control your physiology. Somebody's like, moving around like this. They're going to get sad. They're studies that show when people smile, laugh. When they control their physiology, they actually start to feel better. That's why I have a trampoline on one of my balconies. And I make people just jump on it sometimes when they come to the crib. Because I never see somebody bounce on trampoline in that smile. Never. If they train their physiology, it changes the neural chemicals go off in the head. You know, some dwarfens start to go off. You can change your emotions with your physiology. Number two is changing your environment. It goes for your asshole physical environment, but also the people that you're around. For example, you know, you ever clean your room or walk into a clean space and you feel better. You feel good. But you and Dirty has messy room. You might feel different. It has effect on your emotions. Or the people you're around. You ever see like a puppy or happy baby running into a room laughing and everybody kind of lights up. The emotions are contagious. Or you may be a room and everybody's feeling good. And if somebody comes in all fucking mean and angry, it changes the engine in the whole room. You experience that because the emotions are contagious, right? So your environment, the second way to control your emotions, but the most powerful way to control your emotions is what you focus on. The focus rule is the quickest way to change your emotion in the most powerful. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether it's real or not. For example, I can demonstrate this right now. If you have a pet on what you imagine, you're pet walking into your room looking at you slowly. And then just die. Some of y'all got sad right now. I'll just be saying that. I show you your fucking pet is fine. He's doing great. But just the thought of it made you sad. Or if you think imagine a loved one died, you may get sad. It's not even real. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel even if it's not real. So we got to control our what, our focus. So it looks like this. Oh, this is Madral Isburr. All right. So you want certain results. But the results are going to come from your actions. But your actions is important to come from your state, what's state hearing. When I say the actions control your state, not only is it controlled, what you do. If you're in a bad state like somebody died in your superset, you might skip your next work out. And it would make a lot of sense. So you too sad to go to the gym. Or even if you did go to the gym, it probably wouldn't be your best workout. If you think about your dead home, you just died a minute ago. Right? Your state not only will it affect whether you do the action or not. If you do the action is going to affect the quality of the action. All right. I'll give you an example before, but it bears repeat. Right. Let's say you get a blow job from two girls. One of them is like, do I have to? She gives you a sad lazy. She's disgusted blow job. She can't wait to his over. It's a blow job. But because of her state, it wasn't really the best. Then you got another girl. Oh man. She's been dreaming about it. Well, it's a one of her favorite things to do. It's a hobby of hers. Blow jobs. And she's so excited. You know what I'm saying? You whip that thing down. She's like, ah. And she dies on that motherfucker like a loose ball at the Super Bowl. They both did the same thing. But they did it with different state and different states. Which one is going to be better? Let's use a less crude example. Let's say you want to be a good father. That's the result you want a good father. So the action you take in more time, which are kids. Right. But let's say you're fucking pissed off a man in angry. But just spend in time with your kids. That might be worse than last minutes I went in a row. You might fuck up their whole day. Being all mad. Yelling at them over simple shit. Right. But if you're in a great mood, super excited. When you when you when you're spending time with your kids, the result is oh man, I had a great day with it. Same action. But because you did it in a different state and affected the quality of the action. Or you just might not do the action at all. You might not have performed the action at all. Right. So what we got to do is we got to troll our what? Our focus. Because the focus is how you change your state. And I'm going to explain to you how you can do that. But first of all, we just need to make those steak and shows the most important part. You can think about the result. What happens if you do this? You can also think about what happens if you don't get that result. Like sometimes negative visualizations can motivate you to go in the right direction. You know, I don't want that to happen. And you do it well. The best way to change your focus is what we want to do. You want to have too list. You want to have. You've heard me say it before. You're some of y'all know what's coming. Right. The list of great and the list of hate. Let's go over to list of hate first. List of hate. I want you to make a list of all the people. Whoever talks shit about you. All the people who ever did you wrong. All the people who said you couldn't do something. All the them with the tractors, a fish is missing for hopes. Everyone who said you could not accomplish your goal. Make a list every day you want to look at this list. Put it on your apple notes. Hit it to the top. Look at that list every day. I start my day off looking at this list of hate. And that way I know if I don't accomplish my goals. The fuck in haters win. Guess what? I'm more motivated. It would not take as much discipline after that. I'm like, oh, no, I can't let the haters win. I got a flex on these haters. Punish them with success. Because we can't punish them with violence anymore. Make them regret what they said. And you also could remember someone said you couldn't do something. And you don't do it. Where the hell you know you? Maybe they were just right. The only season you that we don't want that to be our only motivated factor. We want because we don't want to like approach today with anger. We also want to have a list of great. You know, you imagine a version of yourself that already accomplished the goals you're trying to accomplish. And then make a list of all the attributes this person have. What time does he wake up? What time does he go to sleep? Does he fucking waste time playing video games? Is he jacking off all day? Or is he, you know, going after his goals? Is he working hard? Is he is he diligent? Is he focused? Is he playing out every day in his calendar? Right? If you do that, what's going to happen is now you got a north star. So you got to list a hey, endless, the great. You're going to happen is you're going to change your association with paying in pleasure. What does that mean? So Seagman Freud, the father of Montessar College, he said that every human, every decision everyone makes is either because they're moving towards perceived pleasure or they're moving away from perceived pain. So right now you associate pain with working hard. You associate pain with tracking your maclos. You associate pain with hitting the gym. You associate pain with do all these things, right? And it takes discipline to do the things you associate pain with. And you associate pleasure with, you know, only things, jacking off all the fucking bullshit vices, alcohol, you associate pleasure with this. What happens is the list of hey in the list of great. It starts to rewire your association with paying in pleasure. So after repeated exposure to your list of great, you're going to start feeling good about doing the things that are going to get listed great. You're going to be motivated to do those things. And the things that help the haters win, welcome procrastinating, bullshit, fucking around. You're going to start associating pain with this. Like if I if I fuck around accidentally sleep in or you know, or some happens, I'll fuck a hate myself. That's how she'll be. I'm super hard on myself because you know, I associate pain, massive pain with anything that helped the haters win. Can't anything that approved the haters? Why? I associate pain with it. And I associate pleasure with doing the things. They'll meet a complexion of my goals. They shit on the haters. So I've changed the association. So now once you've changed, once you start to associate pleasure with the things that you list and pain with the things with doing the things that help the haters win, it will only discipline anymore. It only takes discipline to do things that you associate pain with. But if you change the associations, you don't need this. This is really the only way I know to change your association with pain and pleasure, right? So anyway, stay control is one method out. I went a little deeper on that than not just the list of hate, but there's also the other two ways to change your state at any moment if it's theology and your environment, right? Then the next thing you got to do, you have to make it a must. You don't get what you want, you get what you have to have. Think about all the goals you wanted to accomplish in your life that you did not accomplish. All your failures. But the things you had to have, or just good ideas, things you wanted. I know to answer today. You don't answer today. If you had to have me with a habit, it was just good ideas. You didn't want it enough, right? You made some bullshit excuse. This is why we only have one goal. And the main goal, you can only have so many of these must, right? Everything else should be a nice to have and you won't get those things, right? But you want to make it a must. You know, Mr. Hayden, Mr. Great, helps with that as well. It really helps with that. It makes it a must, right? I talked about this earlier, but one of the reasons why people find themselves being inconsistent is because they accept it. Because they think they tell themselves it's okay when they miss a workout, or they tell themselves it's okay, you fuck up on a diet. I don't. If you talked with a child, the way I talked to myself, it would take that child from you. It would be considered verbal abuse. Like, I don't talk to my kids or anyone the way I talked to myself. Because I'm super mean that it's naked. You have to be, you have to be hard on yourself, pause and lean near with others. But you, you, you, you, you, you, you know, focus a two-eat hearing yourself. It's not a must. You got to make it a must. And it looks to hate, it looks to great what help with that. But when it's a must, then you'll want to do the things. One thing you could do to help make it a must. My favorite white science man, Andrew Huberman, he talked about this as well. That's how you know it's real. And he said that he references studies. They showed that actually envisioning what happened if you don't accomplish the goal. In studies was more effective than visualizing what would happen. I'm saying to both, but you definitely want to add that to your list of hate too. Not just the people, but imagine what happened if you don't accomplish the goal. And make it really bad. But we got to do is we got to raise our standards. We will not rise to your ambitions. We'll fall to your standards. So instead of saying, and I'm trying to lose 10 pounds. They know I will lose no less than 10 pounds this year. Instead of saying, man, I'm trying to get to $10,000 a month. I refuse to make less than $10,000 a month this year. And make it a fucking must raise your mother fucking standards. And if you falter from your standards, fucking be mean to yourself about it. Don't make it easy. Don't self-souv yourself, man. Why girls from California do that shit, right? You need to be fucking art on yourself. Be lenient with other people. I never tried to impose my beliefs. I don't try to tell other people what to do. But you need to be super hard on yourself. You got to make it a fucking must. Otherwise you won't get it. It's going to be just another one of your fucking bullshit ideas. And never come to fruition. You got to get fucking serious about it. And then the next step to do that is you want to change your identity. How do we change our identity? I'm definitely not going to tell you to start talking to yourself in the mirror. Like some white chick who collects rocks. We're not going to do shit like that. What we're going to do is we're going to start acting in congruence with what we put on our list of great. Remember, to list of great. You're supposed to imagine a version of yourself who already coped to the goals. And write down as many of his attribute as many of his attributes that you could think of. Once you start behaving in that way in congruence with that, then you'll start to believe you are that mother fucker. Because you are. Socrates he said you are what you repeatedly do. Excellence is a habit. If you are repeatedly doing the shit that the guy who accomplish your goals would do, guess what? You'll start to believe you are that mother fucker. Now if you got to do it, everybody, you got to track it. That's why I have something to a tool for you guys. For habit tracking, it's called the Victory Vision planner. And the reason it's so important is because not only does it keep you accountable, but it does something more important than that. When you start tracking your habits, of course, keep you accountable. But it starts to change the way you see yourself. Link is in description. You can download the Victory Vision planner. There's a video on how to use it. It's a link if you want to get on my coaching for me, but you can ignore all this shit or you can watch it. You should watch this video. But it's a one-part call. This success tracker. It's a free notion template. It's free. I have some pretty loaded for you. Right? Would you get calories and macros? You can click here and add more habits that you want to track. And you can see your average or you can make it see how many times you do. These things, how many are checked, you know, a percent broke. And what's going to happen is if these are, if the habits you put on here are things that are congruent with what's on your list of great. You'll have a record of you behaving in the way that the kind of person who would accomplish your goals would behave. How could you not believe it? Don't fake it to you. Make it be it until you believe it. And once this is who you are, once you change this shit to who you are, it's not going to take discipline. This is who you are. One of my boys used like man, Brandon's one of most discipline people every day. He always tracks his macros and everything. And like, yo, that's your don't take discipline for me. That's normal shit. Right? That's like you brushing it tea every day. It doesn't take discipline. I just do it. That's who I am. Once you start doing these things, it will make discipline. Not as necessary. You may need some discipline here and there, right? But you want to make it less necessary. If you got a David Goggins your way through life, it's going to be more arduous than an East to a country. You're going to use a more like energy and mental and physical and mental mental energy and you need to, but if you can actually motivate yourself and get pumped up to do the shit, you can't. You can control your emotions. Motivation is emotion. If you can control that and you got it, and you want to say discipline for when you need it. Instead of just trying to be a fucking discipline robot all day, say before when you need it, but change is so you don't need it as much. That's the real secret. Hey, listen. You need to learn more about this, this, this Victor revision plan. The links in the description can down the free, whatever video that you want to write on how to use this, we're brace it down. Because there's a goal plan in part of it as well. You want to watch that video. All right.

=== FILE: Is Amazon FBA Finally Dead [aN_n3nR7N-E].txt ===

I know a lot of you guys want to learn how to make some more money. You guys always ask me about drop shipping or some suckership like that. But there's a better way. And my main Ryan came through to talk about Amazon FBA. He owns a company. Can you explain people what to feel by Amazon is how somebody can make money doing it? Where nobody knows this industry better than you. If you want to sell Amazon FBA, we should start with just the basics. And a lot of that is it's acquiring contracts first from distributions and manufacturers. And that might not be a lot to you guys. But when it comes to the traveling, we talk about flying from your home and taking time away from your families and spending time where it matters most, which I know we all have to do that for work. But I'm talking about sometimes you're away from home weeks at a time. And you're knocking on people's door that sometimes don't even want to give you the time of day. And it takes you having to dial down not just you having the money to spend, you have a million dollars in your bank account. These people don't want to sell to you. Until you show that you've taken the time to get a distribution license, where you've taken the time to acquire a warehouse, where the fact that you have 100 employees that you pay a hundred thousand dollars a month for every single month just to keep the doors open. And I'm not saying that you guys don't have the access to do those things. Maybe you do have the access to do those things. But it also now comes to the monotony of understanding Amazon's Terms of Service, which if any of you guys have ever studied the tax code before, which I know that the majority of you listening this never have, that's what Amazon's Terms of Service is like. That's why it's important to have a law team or having a team that studies that on a database to know what the ever-changing policies are like inside Amazon. That way you don't ever step over the line and you continue to make money on Amazon's platform. Yes, there's a trillion dollar pie that's my Amazon. And yes, there's a lot of money to make on Amazon's platform. But if you don't take step-by-step precautions and do all of the things that we just talked about, which again. So a lot easier, 7-Done. I would say that it's not even worth trying to make money on Amazon. It's not even worth it. So like all these guys saying you could make money, but Amazon had BA in the sell you to FBA course. You're saying it's not easy if they make a sound. I would go as far to say this. I know there's another team that they're here in this city and they've switched up and they've moved to another platform because they have all the things that we've talked about. But they just missed one step and now they're currently in a 7-and-a-half million dollar lawsuit. Amazon's holding a ton of their money. And I don't even know that they necessarily did every single thing wrong, but all it took was one hiccup and one skipped step. And I think a lot of it had to do with the fact that they didn't have those letters that are associated with all the traveling that we talked about. Because you feel like you can get away with it sometimes when you start making an XYZ of money. This isn't one of those things where you can just make part-time money. It is very much a full-time job and then some. That's why I say you need a team employed because you need people around the clock watching and saying what's going on. Especially if you had your own money on the one. Last thing in the world you'd ever want to do is put $100,000 in your own money inside Amazon. You felt like you did everything right. Yeah. You missed a step and then you'd get the right to hold your cash. So what is it when I see all these people saying that they have their own Amazon business and they're fucking buying shit wholesale and shipping it in Amazon is like that's not real anymore. It's not. There's a reason why a lot of those people are out of business and they're bankrupt. They hear today going tomorrow. There's a reason why we've been here for the last day years. That's because I've made sure that I followed every single step and I've fallen in line with their code but at the same time even though we're entrepreneurs we provide it on a business, we follow our own market we all have some rules to follow one way or another. Mine just happens to be a piece of a trillion dollar pie. So it makes sense for me to be able to provide an opportunity for other people to be a part of that because the more people that could be a part of that for me and all the things that we've built the team that I pay for in a month, month basis, the bigger slice that pie that I get every single month, I eat the bigger slice that pie that you get. Again unless you have all those resources you can't do that. It's not possible to do anymore. When it reads the zero able succeeds because you have a lot of people investing and have stores you get you buy the products at bulk or it's one of the pieces. I mean I have a team that specifically does product research that my other team that travels and goes and networks with these teams that are out these distribution events, which by the way you can't even get into the door unless you can show receipts certificates and things of operation that show that you're compliant by the state, compliant by Amazon, compliant by wholesale, you can't even get in the door. That might be, that's the first step. You get in the door. Another is what you look for. Now I got the money and the account, which is the next step the most people can't do. I now have to convince those people to allow me to be able to sell an Amazon because most people have had a bad, we'll call it awakening with Amazon because those people that you're talking about have bought from those places had a bad opportunity with the way they set up Amazon's operations because they skipped those steps. Not only do they lose the product, they lost the seller. Those companies don't even want to do business with Amazon anymore. So they didn't just ruin the opportunity for people in the marketplace. They also ruined it for companies that could have made more money and did big scheme of things like, quote, like a big brand. Like one of the dude wipes was a big one. I went and talked to them and they're like, oh no, we dealt with this so before. And I went and looked into the metrics that company got shot down three years ago. I looked at the product development versus their competitor. They were literally losing a little over 1.3 million dollars every single month just to a competitor that knew how to actually position and sell their product versus them trying to do with themselves. How to sell it on Amazon? Yes, just on their platform. Regardless, like how big your brand is, like it's $15 million every single year is nothing to blink at. And that's the difference between somebody that knows how to do it versus somebody that just throws something in the wall and says that they know how to do it. So you have a exclusive deals with a lot of it with these manufacturers suppliers. Yeah. So they want to get it, they got to get it through you. That's a big part of it. Yeah, I also have the money. I had that the money to spend it to do it. So the more people that I have, the more buying power that I have. Like when we acquired a one specific brand, I won't drop a name, but everybody likes to take their kids there. I had to come up with $600,000 to spend in the matter of seven days. And that was this whole ordeal on how that happened in the first place. We went to a toy expo and met an individual. He did the same thing. He heard all about all these Amazon automation companies that are doing their thing. And it just seemed like something that I was just trying to throw and throw and throw and see what was going to stick in the wall. And he called me one day and my dream Sarah Soda is like an hour and a half north of Fort Bars. Our warehouse is located five minutes down the river from Amazon's biggest performance center in Florida. Fort Bars, Florida. And they go, I say, I'm about to pull up your warehouse in 11 minutes. We just shut down shop like 15 minutes ago. I'm going to my warehouse manager. I'm like, hey, this guy's in the way there. He wants to come see everything. He wants to make sure that it's AC and climate controlled. We're really air conditioned. We take care of the products. We're doing everything that we say that we do. I need to get everybody back in their ASAP. After rushing and going to this whole crazy experience with no heads out, by the way, he goes, all right, everything checked out. This is your minimum work quality. Your MLQ, you've got to meet a $600,000 balance, place the first order in the first seven days. You do that, you acquire the contract. I'm like, okay, so this is how we're playing ball now. So the people that think that they just want to get into this for like every day sellers or want to be an FBA experience. If you want to get contacts or you want to get access to products like that that are selling a single day, the smartgins and these things that people are talking about. You can go about it the right way by doing things like that. Or you can go about it the wrong way. And even though it might sell and make you a margin on Amazon, when they ask for that documentation and the company that you went through yourself did do what we did, they have to write to hold your products and hold your money. It actually makes a lot of sense to work with someone like you. What's it like? It's to say, I got a bunch of bread. I want to get involved. What's the process like start to finish for it, for the investor? I'm going to walk you through the procedures of Amazon. I want to get you through the initial application to set up. I'll go through all of your procedures to make sure that you meet legal compliance. And I'll make you a legal wholesaler in the state of Florida or whatever state you're in. And then I'm going to attach you. I'm going to co-sign for you, which is part of what already inflates the value of your store. You're already getting interest in your store for you can sell a product. Most people don't even have access to sell some of these products. I'm going to co-sign for you no different than if you had poor credit and you were getting that car. Put your name on these applications and you now have the capability of buying some of these products. If I do that for you, after we go through other legal compliance, you're going to fund the store anywhere from 15 to 20 grand a start to store off. And I'm going to buy and wholesale quantity as part of the pallets that are shipping to the warehouse, a portion for you, the 15 to 20 thousand dollars in products. Okay. I'll then list them on your store. It's a little slower at first. You got to get some movements, some traction moving inside Amazon. But it's the difference of selling this product out within some time, 30 to 45 days to sometimes if you're doing 15 to 20 grand, it's gone like two to three days. Really? And you say that don't average again. How much? What percent on that 10 to 15 grand? Anywhere from 18 to 22 percent. Every 30 to 45 days is the actual average. Then you just keep flipping that money. It's over and over and over and over again. So they were if you wouldn't even need the money you would just need a credit card. If you look with it, wholesale is a little bit different. It's the very first time I was a firm believer for a very long time that if you used the debit card you were broke. I know that might sound a little crazy and ass-known. And most people are listening right now because credit's king. And maybe we could flip if we're doing something that's more like a fun to count traditionally. But when you get in with some of these bigger providers, they're giving you ACH instructions. They're not giving you a credit card or something for the $500,600 orders. So yeah, we could liquidate some of those things for you. I'm not eating the fee. I don't mind doing it for you. But there's no way you need to have the cash. But it's going to cost them to be flipped. Like it gets to positive back in your count of 14 days. Got it. We'll come back to you. Yeah, so you can keep flipping the same money. And then once you progress to over time, like to give you guys context, the state in which my wife and my stores and like every 10 days, they have like this little gold button that's like a direct deposit of funds. I don't know if we're pushing over time. But I'd rather get my money deposited in my count of last two to the later, like eight days is a big time when you, you know, can do that two or three times throughout the calendar month. So rather than get paid out by weekly, I just get paid out every nine to ten days. This is indefinitely cool. Keep running the same play and definitely do you have more money. You can do that more money. Yeah. Well, the idea is they're to grow you and grow scale. So like when you first start off, you might get a two and a half by two and a half or three by three square on Amazon's platform. You have to prove your worth. Regardless of like, I could be the best friends with the owner of Disney. They won't let me sell Disney products until I earn my right. Got it. Which like there's a quote, I don't get the exact number. We'll just say like it's north of a thousand products you get to sell first. You don't make money unless the investor makes money. Right. That's a beauty of it. Right. If somebody wanted to get involved with this, how would they get in contact with you? We're everywhere. If you guys want to look at someone, greatwillfromvesting.com, greatwillfromvesting on YouTube, sales got us all the personal pages. If you guys are low-court anywhere in Sarasota, you might have heard of us. We got a word to cue the city in the city of Sarasota by the mayor. Hey, that was a really big one. And then very recently, look at this a couple of years ago now, we joined the National Association of Holseo, which we got our first government contraction, Washington, DC. So congratulations. Yeah, appreciate you, brother. All right, y'all good. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Awesome, man.

=== FILE: Is Liver King Pretending To Be Crazy [oHHKUtMdNwQ].txt ===

The living king has lost his damn mind. I guess I could have uttered that sentence any time over the last five years. And it would have been applicable. Good. The BIN CRAZY. But now he's breaking the law crazy. Like before he was just eating animal testicles. And doing all sorts of other weird shit, you know? But it wasn't illegal. If you only seen him, he got arrested. He was making terrorist threats against Joe Rogan. And if he was released, this is mug shot right here. Look at that face. Like four years older than me. Anyway, life comes at you fast. He's under order to undergo mental health evaluation. And his subject to a restraining order. So you may be thinking, if you haven't been caught up, cause he's doing, man. Let's check it out. Pull it up. Just pull it up too. The capital of Texas. What's the capital of Texas? Houston. Houston. Houston. You're dead. You're dead. He said you did. Do you something, Robert Joe Rogan? Cause he had been making all types of fucking videos about Joe Rogan, man. Like check it out, man. I think this is when he starts. Joe Rogan, I'm calling you out. My name's Licolene. Man to man. I'll pick you a fight with you. Yeah. I have still trading. He's holding guns. I don't know if there was a real or replicous. I got to prison my amyue as like real guns. I look like this. It was hard to tell. You did to your laptop. You should dismantle me. I'm picking a fight with you. You're old. Whenever you want me to wait, I'll wait. I'll wait for 90 days. Oh yeah, that's music in the video. I'll tell you. I'll tell you, I'll come to you. Whenever you're ready to go. I'll want to buy a place. I'll buy a place. That's enough of that. After that, he started to go crazy. Like I was watching this shit. I was invested. And my fucking stink that is marketing. My fucking stink is fake. But here's the thing. I don't think it's fake at all. Because I've seen crazy people. And I've also seen drug addicts. A lot of my life. This man is both. This is drug induced mania. I can look at him off of his eyes until the smoke. This shit is real. He's lost it. I've poured anything in everything. Because Joe Rogan, we don't have to make videos to pretend anymore. All of this is happening. We're coming to you. I've challenged you man to man. Whoa, would you guys? What's up with his teeth? Honorable. And we don't have to protect. Listen, I'm from the South South Chicago. And I've seen junkies. You can't pretend to be a junkie. I mean, maybe like Hollywood or some shit, right? I'm looking at a junkie. I know what dope thing you want. When I see one. And I'm not just talking about raw leads or trend or no other shit. This is recreational drug use. And there are making any videos. The world is watching. And they'll make the videos for us. And you don't have to hold a camera. You can hold the hand of somebody that you love because what happens next to you. You're going to need to remember that feeling. You're going to need something more than what you did to give you something to fight for. Because I have my family to fight for. That's, and they're all die for them. You know that. And you're a black belt. But you've never come across something like this. Well, in today, hoping that you'll choke me out of a greater guard because that's a dream come true. It feels good. And then the limbs fighting for my family. So limb, limb, limb. Here's what he's saying. His name is not marketing. Because we're crazy people do is they make up all these scenarios in your mind. This is what happens when you do such a reality. It's like I'm fighting for my life. I'm fighting for my family. He made all this shit up in his head. Joe Rogan wasn't thinking about this. What the fuck? His mind. He's got a fight Joe Rogan for his family. That is a motherfucker who has lost such a reality. This is not marketing. This is a fucking crazy person. I've seen this before. I've seen people in my life like lose touch with reality. This is what it looks like. Go ahead. But this, but then you have to continue something else. Now, I don't know what's up with this motherfucking yuck now. I don't know what that is. I don't know why you. Why is Maldives blue? He's my fucking little like stink. He's like a swollen ass Oscar to grab. Like a boss to grab his dead steroids. This is what it would look like. And I weigh 177 pounds in actual savage. And so at first you're like fuck that guy. Fuck that guy. See what he's saying? Joe Rogan is not even thinking about this motherfucking. This is a person who was straight up. Trip and he's lost it for reality. What happens when people like really lose it? I've seen this before. They make up all these scenarios. So he's actually making up scenarios. He's like man, I'm fighting for my life. I'm fighting for my children. It's all in his head. When you're all of a sudden, you dig your attention, which I already did before this. You're saying I'm going to choke that motherfucking piece of fucking shit. I'm going to choke him out. Joe Rogan never said that. Right? That's all in his head. So what you're doing, you're an Andrew, a good warrior, but good warriors. Nice bringing Andrew take me. It's like this shit. Nobody's thinking about this motherfucking man. Yeah, we don't have to watch more that. This is motherfucking who is lost, but this shit kept going on. So when I hear people say this is fake, but it's not like this. There's nothing fake about what's going on in this motherfucking space. I know junkies want to, let me just put this perspective. He is four years older than me. Look at my face. Now look at that. Well, as well happens when you do fucking drugs. That is a drunky shit. And if you do enough drugs, you go crazy. Or the day after. Because I'm here all week. I don't know if you heard Rogan, verse, liver king, period, COM. He's constructed all this shit in this fucking brain. Man, he's like he's really lost it. He ain't sleeping. This is why some people said it was fake because he made some merch. I'm not recording. I'll deal with the cops outside. I'm dying. I'm just a walk up. I'm just sorry. I can take that. I'm not. I would ever. He made some merch. That's why I was fake. You know, not man. It's like he still has some of his faculties. Right? Here's the thing about craze. You talk to somebody crazy and it throws you off. So everybody's saying his fake has never met somebody who's really lost in my. Because every one of us in wild, they'll say some shit that might be profound or it might sound good or they'll do something and they'll say, okay, that was a good decision. That may sound in the midst of all this crazy. It's not like buying air. They're only doing crazy shit. And they can't like do a function, do anything else. So the fact that he had to wear with all to make some merch doesn't negate all the other fucking wild shit. He's got scabs on his face. His mouth is blue. He's really crazy. But the fact that he had to wear with all to make some merch doesn't mean it's all fake. I think it was crazy is thingin' that somebody would buy that. I wonder fuckin' right mind is buying the liver game versus Joe Rogan fight t-shirt. And then he gets arrested. This motherfucker gets out the bin. He's still like it's talkin' about Joe Rogan. You know what I'm sayin'? Like, you wou. Okay. Four years old, didn't you mean? You think I'ma look like this in four years without heavy drug use? Gordon primals from the vibration play that the greatest state in the world. Austin Texas. Texas is the state test to be clear. Bags under my eyes. Having slept a whole lot. This is like when you got out of prison. I mean, a jail. Now one thing I will say about Austin's jail. Austin has one of the best jails. I've been drugged. New York's jails. Man, jails. They're fuckin' awful and then it's a ticket to just central bookends. It's never been a good experience for me. But I've been arrested at Austin. What? Fantastic. And of all the cities I've been arrested at. If I got a pick one, I'm picking Austin each time. I never been convicted of a crime. Every time I was arrested it was a miscarriage of justice. I was always released never been convicted of a crime. That's better enough. He's still talking shit though, but he's still, who's out here talking to him? Do you hear that, listen? That's the birds, the birds are chirping. But the wild is actually calling. But we don't get to do that. Sipping the coffee right now. Coffee in cocaine. That's what I'm sipping. Mine is the cocaine part of that part. Not sipping that actually. Come on, man. This is all random bullshit. This is my hypothesis on this. Leverking. He was making millions a year, right? Son of a bullshit. Or pills that were made of like balls. Actually like, text goes a bunch of fucking bullshit, right? Saying that that's how he got his physique. He would eat balls and liver and organs and shit. You know, Gringo shit. He's always doing some fucking wild shit, like eating organs or somewhere. You know, he said that's how he got in great shape. And then plates and dates. Like he's posing for doing steroids. He's been like 10k a month on steroids. And I guess it hurt his business. He maybe still has some money or whatever. Definitely hurt his reputation. And here's the thing. Here's something that I've noticed. Most of the buss he'd go crazy. People were in the spotlight. The public guy. What it was, there was a few commonalities with him. One was drug use. But more importantly, they got a lot of internet-faying fiasst. That's much of liver king. They also got a lot of criticism. Here's the thing. The common mine is not meant to deal with that much criticism. For the bulk of human history, we lived in tribes or communities of about 1,200 people and those will be the same 1,200 people we saw our whole eyes. And if you were ostracized from that community for any reason, you would probably die. Because you had to go in the wilderness. You might get killed by another tribe or some fucking creatures in the wilderness or something. So we were descendants of other humans who learned to fit in with the tribe. That's why people talk a shit about it. I thought you doesn't feel good because it's in our DNA. We're descendants of people who learned to fit in. Keep that in mind. Now imagine hundreds or thousands of comments of people talking shit about you every day. The human mind was not made to deal with criticism at scale. This is a theory, but I think it's pretty sound. If you don't like yourself or if there's any chinks in your armor, if you do want some shit that's foul or if you have any skeletons in your closet, this shit that criticism is coming at you, especially at a huge scale, it won't really fuck with you. And I've seen it drop people crazy. You mix that with recreational drugs. Now you don't have the same kind of control over your mental faculties. I don't even think the drugs have as much to do with it as just the human brain was not made to deal with criticism at scale. If you're not really happy with yourself, then that criticism is going to really fuck with you and it can push you to do shit like this. So imagine who built his career in lifestyle off of a lie. Now everyone knows these lines. He probably wasn't happy with himself to begin with. That shit of fuck with you. And his point is that it might be hundreds of thousands of people talking shit about him. Because I think people talk shit about me. You know, I think people make videos about me, but it's like I really fuck with myself. So I don't even be tripping. I'd be like get whatever. I'll see that somebody made a video about me and I won't even watch it. Because I really like myself. But imagine if you don't like yourself, you got some shit to hide. And then all these a huge amount of people start talking shit about you. How do you think that's going to affect you psychologically? And then usually what are you going to go go do with therapist? A therapist ain't never fucking deal with this shit. There was no college class on how to deal with an influencer who had millions of people talking shit about him. Because he lied. If therapists ain't never seen that before and he ain't never going to see it again. He don't know how to fucking help you. If you have the wherewithal to go see him. Because you have a unique problem. So what do you do? You might have to introduce some self medication. And that's how my focus started doing with recreational drugs. I got as soon as I ended up with a blue mountain already scabs on his face. I'm not here to talk shit about this guy. I'm here to help you guys understand this. If you know anything about recreational drugs, you can guess what. What street drugs. Fuck up your teeth and put scabs on your face. Right? Like I don't think that's fake. I don't think you fucking fuck this teeth up on accident. It started fucking fucking up his face for marketing. And then you think when you start doing these recreational drugs when you're already fucked up, yeah it might give you some momentarily relief. But after it gives you some moment moments here relief, next thing you know you're doing this shit. Right? You start thinking shit like this is a good idea. And you say, you know what? Let me put this on the internet for my three million fans to see. This got to be a good idea. You understand? In the four seasons, imagine you get out of jail. Because you arrested for terrorism in the court or as you to get the mental health evaluation. This is a fucking court order. You have to do it. After that you think you know what to be a good idea. This for me to post this on the internet. Yep. That is a drug-induced decision. If I've ever seen one. I don't know. If I got arrested for terrorism and the court ordered me to undergo mental health evaluation, I don't think I'm like, maybe not be a good idea. Leave a go get the camera. I'm going to France around this whole tale like a fucking wild animal and impose that online for the world to see. I only post that for about three million people to see. Or this shit, like in this shit. So turn. Is that a market in? If you think it's marketing, you don't know junkies the way I know junkies. That we might be leaving Austin sooner than what we were hoping. Is it sooner than what you're hoping? How about you? I have sooner. We might be leaving soon. Yeah. That shit just fucked up. That's so anyway, I think this is real. I'm glad this happened during mental health month. So you guys can really see, I think this is legit. I think he's fucked up. I think he needs help. And I'm glad they kept Joe Rogues safe. We don't know what this month was capable of. Honestly, like you can't control crazy. I don't know how to fix crazy either. Like sure, I can't wait to see what the mental health evaluation says if we can get.

=== FILE: Im 42, If youre in your 20s and 30s, watch this [h6OsZLcGn-c].txt ===

I'm 42 years old. I really achieved what most will call a staggering level of success, especially because I came from nothing South-Sash, Chicago. I would have got here faster with less pain and less struggle if I knew the things that I'm going to teach you in this video. So in this video, I will break down the lessons I wish I knew in my 20s and 30s that would have helped me become more successful faster. If you want to stay tuned for the last one, because that's a game changer. Number one, all power comes from discipline. If you want to succeed in anything, any Iranian life helped, fitness, relationships, even family, gotta have a high level discipline. You might have discipline, but it's hermen, how successful you can become. This is what it means, you do what you're supposed to do when you're supposed to do it, but do you feel like it or not. That's a lot different than motivation. Sometimes people ask how to get motivated, how do you get motivated, how can I get motivated, I need motivation. Motivation is cool, but motivation is an emotion, right? And if you're reliant on it, it's going to fail you sometimes. If you can train yourself to do what you're supposed to do, when you're supposed to do it, with your feel like it or not, then you'll be more successful because that's what discipline is, how do you get more discipline? discipline is like a muscle. Like these almost 19-inch pythons, but they're like any other muscle. So the more you use it, the stronger it gets. And unless you use it, the more it attributes. So in order to become more disciplined, I want you to reframe your mind. Every time you've supposed to do something, but you don't feel like doing it, I want you to think here's the opportunity for me to flex my discipline muscle. This opportunity for me to get some reps in on my discipline muscle. That's the only time you get to actually flex that muscle because when you're motivated, you want to do it. So you don't get to work the discipline muscle because you're using motivation. And when you don't want to do it, now you have to use the discipline. If you do it anyway, what's going to happen is next time you're in a similar situation when you're supposed to do something, and you don't feel like it, it'll be easier for you to make the right decision and do it. If the next time you're supposed to do something, you don't do it. It's going to be easier for you to quit every time after that. You'll be working your H-niggum muscles. Because everything you do is is habit form. A lot of you guys have built up a lot of H-niggum habits over the years. Now it's easy for you to be a bitch under those circumstances. It's your default response to challenge being a bitch. And then you do something even more sinister. Like let's say you're supposed to go to gymnasium or you're supposed to work on your business. And instead of doing it, you do something fun and stay. You play video games. You start smoking that OG Zazakush. Here's what I saw sinister. Because now you're training yourself to be a bit even more because think about an animal. Not like a creature but like a pet. Did you have any house? A household pet. Let's say you got a little dog, a little doggy dog. And you want the training to dog to do something. When it does it, you might give it a little treat. You know, and then it starts to do that thing more. Because you gave it a treat. You were supposed to go to the gym or work on your business. But instead of doing it, you did something else. You didn't go. And you gave yourself a treat for it. So what do you think you did? You trained yourself to be a bit just saying what you trained that little dog. You rewarding yourself for not doing what you're supposed to do. But doing something fun. Want to do the opposite. You want to start building our discipline muscle. So next time you're in a situation man, I don't feel like doing this. Refrain me say, hmm, this is opportunity for me to build my discipline muscle. This opportunity to become stronger more resilient. And that's going to impact you throughout your whole life. The next thing I wish I knew when I was a young, punk ass, my bucket like you on 50 cents, soft more album, the massacre. He has a song called Ryder Music. And at exactly 2 minutes and 30 seconds, her this 50 cent Jackson says, you hustling backwards if you're chasing the chick, stupid chase the money. They come with the shit. And I heard that I just thought it was a funny line. But that's like, I got older. I was like, yeah, that's that shit. And I didn't get it because I was like super handsome when I was your age. But the thing is, you still have to put it more effort. And if you were like super rich. And I don't think I understood that until I got super rich. It's different. Women, all humans, treat rich people differently. Rich people aren't chasing anyone. People are chasing rich people. They're trying to not even just get money from them. Like it's almost like they just want to be around rich people. They want to soak up some of that rich, negative energy. It's kind of like that thing. Would you take 500k or dinner with Jay Z? A lot of people who's out here saying, I would take dinner with Jay Z just to soak up the game. A lot of people saying, now those people are stupid. There's a reason they ain't got 500k. I'm rich. And I'll still take the 500k. They want to be around the energy. And it's just different. People just want to be around you when you rich. It's different. And women are just like, it's not even like their gold diggers. Like regular chicks are still more excited about a rich, more fucking than they are about a regular woman. Two guys, they can be twins. Same in every regard. One's rich. One's regular. Who's your pick? If it doesn't make her a gold digger, she picks their rich one. If it makes her a sensible human. If your girl had a twin, is exactly the same. Would you pick her? Or the virgin or who's a billionaire? It's different man. People treat you different when you get money. And it's difficult for you to understand unless you get the money. The next thing I wish I knew when I was little, there is no problem that can't be improved or solved with enough money. Even health. The people say health is the most important thing. Study show that wealthy people live longer. They can get the best food. They can get the best health care. My father killed himself. He shot himself in the head when I was 24. I don't know what the amount is. But there isn't amount of money. If I had it, I would still have a dead. If I was a billionaire, I don't think he'd have killed himself. I think he would have saw some light at the end of the tunnel. We'd have figured something out. My therapist that I used to see, she said, oh, you shouldn't think like that. That's a shut up bitch is true. I made sure I would never be in a position where I couldn't help out my family. Or anyone I love, if they needed, my cousin grew up together. Now two years ago, he died in a car accident. I couldn't solve that problem with money. But a few days later, you'd be 20 grand for a funeral, a long pay for, as daughter in like private school. She got a dropout now because they ain't got to income or can she stay in school? Yeah, pay for it. Because money makes all your decisions. You don't do the best you can for your family. You do the best you can for. If you have kids, you don't do the best for your kids. You do the best you can afford. You don't send them to the best schools available. You send them to the best you can afford. Money makes all your decisions. And the more money you have, the more freedom you have, you're not wearing the clothes you want to wear, you wear what's available. Or the best available, right? And as all of us, and the happier you would be, their studies that show, the more money you have, the happier you are, they used to think people get happier up until 75k. And then I was the cat. But new research came out that people get happier even past 75k a year. I mean, yeah. And you are more likely to have more depression if you are in a low income. Now, at least me to the next thing I wish I knew when I was a whiny in, like you, remember before I became an OG. Money doesn't buy happiness because it's not supposed to. Happiness is a motion. Money's job is not to change your emotions. Money's only job is to be a stage for goods and services. Your emotions are your responsibility. I'm a multi millionaire now. However, I was still happy when I was struggling. And you don't make money to get happy. You get happy and make money. You control your emotions. Money's going to magnify who you are if you are a dick or an asshole. You get some money. You're going to be more of that. If you are a nice person, generous person, good, kind, hard, helpful. You're going to be more of that. When I was broke, I was making videos to help you guys accomplish your goals. You're on YouTube. You're going to be more money now. Hey, I'm still doing that. Now we just got a higher production value. I got like eight cameras on me right now. One of them is moving. It's fucking sliding around. Look at this shit. Ain't nobody even doing that. Did he? Was a jerk. You're going to crazy motherfuckin' before you got rich. You got super crazy. It just makes you more who you are. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger and you're a, is that time is your most important asset. It's actually more of a weapon. We need to weaponize time. Your success will be a direct, direct proportion to how well you use your time. We all have the same amount of time each week. 160-hours every week. And it's important that you squeeze as much success out of each day as possible. Also only way to speed up success. And you can do that by weaponizing time. You do that with your calendar. I didn't really start succeeded until I started planning out every hour of every day in my calendar. I used Google Calendar every hour of every day. And that way my day is choreographed. I promise you. Do this for a week. You'll be shocked at how much more you accomplish each week. You do that shit for a month. You'll be a month. I promise you will be your most productive month. You do that shit for a fucking 90 days. You can, you will literally be unrecognizable. And if you do it for a year, you'll change your whole life. No matter where you are right now, you will change your whole life. And I had to learn this after my father killed himself because it was like 2008. It was during the recession. Even though I had a college degree, I couldn't get a good job. We had record unemployment. So I just started working in labor. And I was working like four different jobs. I trained people in the morning and then I worked security. After the security job I would work for a movie coming before a few hours. No no weekends. I trained people in the morning. I was the weekend manager at the restaurant. I was still working on starting my business. You know, my own life in this business. The only way I was able to get enough sleep during that time. The old train. Get all that work done. While I'm not neglecting my health and working on my goals was I got serious about my calendar and I planned out every hour of every day. And it took a lot of sacrifice. It's like I get a few hours to work on my business here and then few hours there. A few hours there and then when you started weaponizing your time like that, you will be shot at how much more you accomplish. Even now, I think in terms of what I can accomplish per hour versus what I should do. It's one of the reasons why I've been reluctant to buy a car. Because if I'm driving, I'm not doing anything but driving. But I said, I just get the Uber's right? I think Uber's everywhere. And I work in the Uber. I think calls and Uber means in Uber's. I'm trying to weaponize every hour of every day. Next thing I wish I knew, if you don't sacrifice for your goals, then your goals become the sacrifice. Your sacrifice in either way. So you can avoid sacrifice. You're either going to sacrifice your goals or you're going to sacrifice temporary enjoyment. What should you sacrifice in service for your goals? Well, you should not sacrifice your health. You should not sacrifice sleep. You should not sacrifice training. You should not sacrifice your family. Right? Because that's what people always say when I talk about work in super hard. They say shit like man, but you know, fast way. I was put on my family or I want to get sleep in. I want to take care of my health. I want to tell you the sacrifice. That shit. I tell you the sacrifice the other shit. Remember, I was planning every hour of every day in my calendar. Guess what wasn't on my calendar. Video games. Tell of this. Go on in. The bullshit. You sacrificed the bullshit. So during that time of my life when I was really working all coming up, I missed a lot of like barbecues, parties, nightlife. I don't think I went to the theater to watch a movie. Didn't watch any basketball or football. And I'm black. You know, I'd do it because that was for me. It was okay because I just remembered like this is sacrifice I'm making in service of a bigger goal. If you accomplish the goal, you can go back and do those things. But it's called the late gratification. A side of maturity is the ability to delay gratification. Babies, toddlers, they have zero impulse control. They want shit now. And if you can't sacrifice which you want now for what you want most, it's really just a side of the maturity like you're behaving the way like a young child. Last season, I was going to basketball games, or side. I was sitting in court side of basketball games. We mucked me and my boys were going to a comedy show. We saw the homie Theo Vaan. We got a whole sweet for like five of us. You can see like 20 mf, but it's five of us. We lounge and we chilling when I fly. It's first class everywhere. When I go on vacation, I get a better version of it now. If you can sacrifice now, you can get a better version of this shit that you sacrificed later. You need to sacrifice for your goals or your goals become a sacrifice. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger is the importance of money velocity. Every month, you have bills. You got to pay those bills every month. Every billing cycle when your bills are due is important to make it much money is possible between billing cycles. You want to make more money than you need before the bills are due. And you have what surplus. And that surplus is what you're going to use to get rich. The way you get rich is you make more money than you spend in invest the difference. You have a window to do it every month before the bills are due. On the fucking first, it's like the clock starts over again. You got to make $2,000. At least $2,000 is the lift. I'm just using that for example. But if you can make $3,000 that you got to surplus, you can invest that $1,000. Right? If you can make $4,000, you got a $2,000 surplus. Here's the thing. If you were an invest, let's just say $2,000 in invested every month in a simple investment like an SMP 500 index fund, which has an annual return of about 10%. If you invested $2,000 to that every month, after 20 years, you'd have $1.3 million. If you wanted to increase the amount of money you make over time, or make that money faster than you got to increase how much you invest every month, and or invest in a vehicle that has a higher return. But it's all about the velocity of money. The amount that you'll be able to invest, depends on how much money you can make between the first and the first. It's the countdown. This is what planning every day in the calendar becomes important, because you need to understand that if you had that urgency to make as much money as possible between the first and the first, then you have more money than the best. And then when you start investing, that money can start the growth, start the compound. You need to make as much money as you can as fast as you can every month. Between the first and the first, you need to think of it like a race. And you got to wake up every day with urgency. My girlfriend laughs, because she hears me wake up. She says, man, when you wake up, you jump up and then you was almost for spring out the room. I'm like, is the countdown? I got to get as much success as possible to date. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger is the power of compound interest. I used to always hear, you know, compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world and all the other shit. I didn't really start investing until later, and I wish I started investing a lot earlier. So that'd be a lot richer, a lot faster. There's three things you can invest in. Stocks, stocks or crypto, I guess, right? Real estate or your own business. Those are the main things you can invest in, right? Stocks, which is investing in someone else's business or crypto, right? Whatever. Real estate or your own business. And you will realize stocks in real estate have an average return of 10% per year. Your own business can be any. You always want to get the highest return in your own business. So when I first started investing, I was invested in my own business. I was working all those jobs and I was investing my own business. That's where I was getting the highest returns. And I could actually see it once I learned how to do Facebook ads and YouTube ads. I can actually see all the end, if I put this much money in, I could just watch money back. We're in real estate and stocks are more passive, which are on business you've got to work. But that's why you get the highest returns. So also the risk is still. 80% of business is failed within the first five years. Somewhere between five and 10% of businesses ever make it up and we're going to make it over $1,000 a year. Those very low odds. I've had two businesses. I took two over $1,000 a year. You know, once it's luck, twice as skill. Because the risk is that leads me to the next thing I wish I knew when I was in the other. Always be learning. Always be studying. One of the things I did right is when I was around 19, I started reading for like 90 minutes to two hours every day. And I was in college then. So I was outside of college. Like I was reading books on business, books on personal development. And this should really help me out. There's some guys on the internet who say don't read books. And maybe those guys are smarter than me. But if this Martin mean, there's definitely smarter than you. But they also must be smarter than Warren Buffett. He says he spends most of his time reading. He became one of the richest men to ever live. Bill Gates says similar thing. Elon Musk, he devotes a lot of success to read in the study. And then he is the richest man in the world. Success leaves clues. There might be some guys on the internet saying don't read. And by their course instead, I will say that there's different ways to actually digest knowledge now. At one point reading was like pretty much the only way. And now you can go to you can you can actually buy courses. People hate on courses, but I learned a lot from course. And you do audio books. I listen to a lot of audio books. Even YouTube videos like YouTube videos like you learn you're learning right now. These are new mediums. But you just always be learning. Like every time I work out, I always have headphones on. And people think I'm listening to NBA Young Boy. Now I'm listening to more fucking Brian Tracy. I'm not listening to Lil Baby. I'm listening to Lil Tracy throughout the day. I'm always listening with him walking somewhere from going somewhere. Anytime I'm on the move, I'm not talking to another person. I'm studying, listening to something else. I keep this iPad with me all the time. And this has my kind of warning. This is one of my preferred ways to consume content. Now, if you buy the Kindle book and you buy the audio book, you can do something really cool. You can open a book and then it's synced up and then it can really be the book to you. Hold on, I check this out. It doesn't have to be selfish. In fact, the best marketing never is. Marketing is the generous act of having others become who they seek to become. It involves creating honest stories, stories that resonate and spread. You're involved in two senses, right? So I'm reading it as your visual sense and then I'm hearing it. All the story sense studies show that you actually retain knowledge better. Because you're more focusing, not getting distracted or anything. I can also, I'll take notes in here. If I see something I really like, I'll take notes in here. Are you a one note? Like I saw one note in that way, sinks to all my devices. It's lit. The next thing I wish I knew when I was younger. Are you all in going like this one? Stay in sober will make you more productive. It was a study that came out. It was a big meta-analysis and they said there was no safe level of alcohol consumption for brain health. Right? People say, oh man, maybe it's moderation, right? You're going to do everything in moderation. If you care about your brain health, the study show there is no safe level of alcohol consumption. And I know there are people who smoke the people get high all the time in drink and it's still successful. For sure. Do you really do that to ask yourself? And then what I express myself when I quit doing all this stuff is like, am I really trying to be the best I can be? Or am I trying to see what I can get away with? Right? So I'm even going to get away with it. Put our day succeeding because of that or a succeeding in spite of it. And how much more would they succeed if they didn't consume recreational drugs? It's about 10 years ago, I wish I did it early. I quit all recreational drugs in all alcohol. Man, I'm not missing nothing. If I go to a function, it's actually better. I'm networking better. I stay on my pleasing cues. I don't make those stupid mistakes. Lot of y'all have done shit drunk or high that you regret. That doesn't happen to me. Lot of y'all get drunk one night. You're not as on point the following day. You can still survive and you can still function. But are you functioning the best you can do? You really get access to them. Are you trying to be the best you can be? Or are you trying to see what you can get away with? You, that's a question you've got to ask yourself. Again, if you're not willing to sacrifice for your goals and your goals become the sacrifice, you're not putting them up. Yeah, I was in your favor. And if you do succeed, you will succeed in spite of that. Not because of it. It's definitely not helping you. If it's not helping you, then what is it doing? Sorry. Some people's a man. Brandt, how do you have so much energy? Always so enthusiastic. The asking. How do you get so much done each day? Not getting high every night. I'm not getting drunk at night. I did a shit in 20 years. You know, I don't think it's a coincidence people say that I look a little younger in my age. Getting drunk does not help you. Everyone I've ever met who looked really, really young for their age. Does not drink or grandma live to be like 96. Never drink, never smoke. She looked a lot younger than she was. Like quite literally poison. Are you trying to be the best you can be? Or are you trying to see how much you can get away with? Because those are two different ways to approach your goals. Speaking of goals, if you really serious about a comps your goals, I got another video you can watch all about goals and it implanting your goals. Because what's super important is you have goals. You've got to plan them outright. You've got to have deadlines for every step. And I show you how to do it in this other video.

=== FILE: Keys To Getting RICH in 2025 [Justin Waller] [6a0B-43LO0E].txt ===

So I'm really excited about what's gonna happen. And I think in the next four years, it'll be the greatest money-making opportunity in our career. I have a lot of my deals that cash flowed structured at a brown eight percent. They're still tincaps, because a lot of them are trailer parks, but if he drops those rates, I'm gonna refie. As most people are in a position where they have an on-of-five, they've either watched HETV or they've heard Robert Kiesaki or they've heard me or Kenny Mack or anybody talk about the power of real estate. They want to get in with the best way to get in. And are you excited about the new regime coming to sighted? I was doing everything in my power to push it to get to where it is. Man, I voted for him in 16. I said I've never been more proud of my country than that night in 2016. And today, standing here in 2024, not only in my proud, I'm excited. What do you most excited about? I'm excited about the fact that not only did we get Trump in the White House, but we also took the House in the Senate. Normally there's bureaucracy, so the guy I can wanna do well, all he wants. But then there's that back and forth that the lobby end, you give me this, I give you that. I think some things are gonna get pushed through very subtly. I think that Donald Trump has the respect of foreign leaders. Everybody knows that he's not afraid to use the biggest stick that the world yields and that is our military. No, nobody wants to go to war. Nobody wants to go to war. But, you know, people talk as if the wars that we're in right now would be happening if you would have been in office. And I think that they wouldn't. A lot of times it's strength that can create peace. And I think he offers that. And another thing I think that he offers that is very different than most leaders is that he'll go sit down with them. And say, hey look, man, let's work this out. But he also leaves that tone of, I hope we can work it out because if we can, then I'm gonna have to go ahead. You know what, it's not supposed. You are so, what it is. I think he's great for it. I think his support is great. What he's put together with, you know, RFK, advanced, Elon, and Romswami. It's gonna not only be good for the next four years, but I think there's gonna be a legacy of hand in and down. Especially as we get rid of wokeism. And that gets less and less popular. And those voices get more and more quiet. And we go to common sense and what worse for everybody. So I'm really excited about what's gonna happen. And I think in the next four years it'll be the greatest money making opportunity in our careers. That's what we'll when it's gonna tell you about. What are some things you're doing? The plate yourself in the position to succeed under the Trump administration. Matt, well, you know, I'm gonna buy more real estate by more real estate official. What is about real estate, the source side you now, in particular? Well, I think that the rates are gonna drop, but I also believe that the tax laws are gonna stay beneficial. So I kept the depreciation on our bi-property. So if we're making money in business one, two and three and I buy real estate in the real estate cash flows. Yeah. But also I get to do a cost segregation study. I can give me a five, six, seven, hundred thousand dollar tax break. But if that passes, my income from the property, I can take the remaining. Let's say I have a seven hundred thousand dollar tax break based off our cost appreciation study on property. And that property cash flow 200 grand. So 700 grand minus 200. So no taxes there and I take that half meal and I put it on one of my other businesses or a collection of the other business on my personal tax return. So I get that tax break and pay 500 grand less in taxes on those other properties. So it offsets income, right? That's just one way. There's obviously the cash flow. There's obviously that the people that are getting up and going to work every day are paying your debt off. And also inflation over time pays your debt off. Yeah. There are many, many ways that real estate can help you. And one of my favorite ways is actually depreciation because I'm just free money is free money. So I love the business, but my background is construction real estate. I'm doing this online thing. But you know, you got a stick to your route sometimes. Yeah, so it's just in me, man. I was telling somebody the other day, it's like, I'm itching to go to a job site. Man, I might start building houses around here or something. Like, just do something. Just so I can pull up on a job and pull shit. Put that over here. Get his ass. Tell him to hit the fucking schedule. QC safety. I just, it's in me. I can tell when you, because I've talked to you about real estate or I've been around when you would talk to other people of our real estate. I could tell you, you light up it. You've got it cited, man. That's dope that you found something that you really love. So you got real estate. What else you're gonna be doing to take advantage? Real estate. I still construction. That's your main business, right? Yeah, those two businesses are my main businesses. But again, it goes back to you should be operating as if the president's not your favorite. Yeah. So it's gonna be more of what I've been doing. But I think those efforts will yield more. Yeah, there'll be more advantageous now. Yes, absolutely. So I'm looking forward to that. One thing I'm also looking forward to is that if he does in fact drop the rate, if the rates do come down, the old drone gets in there and he's like, hey, let's drop the rate. So I'm gonna say, well, I have a lot of my deals that cash flowed structured at a brown 8%. They're still tin caps, because a lot of them are trailer parks. But if he drops those rates, I'm gonna refie. And that's really where I'm gonna say. Right now, let's say you have a property in his cash loan. And these are just gonna be round numbers in his apple. Let's say this cash flow in 20 grand a month. Well, that debt service, when you drop down a pointer to do, that could go up another 510 grand. It's a major swing. People think it's just one point. Yeah, but it's one point on five million dollars. Or just whatever it is, you know, just use a round numbers and I'm really excited about that. Because I know I've been growing equity. I know people have been scared. The last couple of years have not been buying. I've been able to structure deals with some owner finance, raising money, creating a way to get creative and get these deals done when people are scared. Yeah, because the rates are high, which means the price has to come down for me to better buy a starter starter owner. Or you could hold the financing for me I owe for five years. And I'm just waiting for it to drop around, you know, six, six, five, check out, pay amount. And then we just move in again. And you can kind of slow go up. Yeah, it would be things like that that I'll do. You know, I don't really like to brag about how much money I'm making on a deal. I feel like that, you know, whatever. I like to brag about how I structured the deal. To get it done. Okay, you know, I think that's a beautiful part about real estate is that if you educate yourself enough on it, you can find all of these different ways to make a deal that might not would have worked. Just straight up work by getting creative around the financing or on the partnerships around the capital stack and how you raise the money and make things happen that wouldn't otherwise happen. How long you've been doing real estate? Real estate. What my first property was a duplex about it in 2014. Now I think come as a duplex. It came as a single family home that had this shed attached to it that the guy had built around it. Yeah. It just had some tools and a big stack of playboys in it and it wasn't rough then. So the first thing I did is I went in the back, busted a hole in the concrete, tied in a plumbing line to the trunk line of the house that went back to the city, built a little like stand. So I could put a toilet in the shower there and I ripped all the appliances out of the main house, put it in the back, got that thing rented. It rinsed for like $9.50 right now. Yeah. And then I'll rent the front out. That house cash flows $8,900 a month. Wow, you saw it all there. Still, I don't know, 3.6% interest on that house. I bought it at 165, but now it praises as well over 250 and they don't even know that it's a duplex. No really. I bought one of those air strips and I put it in the backyard. I went about to put an Airbnb back there. I'm gonna call it Glamping in the hood. Because it's in one of those neighborhoods where it's like, you see the yoga pants and coffee shops, people walk in and move it. It's like a garden district type neighborhood. Okay. And so people just love to be there. So I'm trying to squeeze every penny out of that bitch. Yeah, that's what's up. So I think that's what I like about real estate the most. I love to be creative and I like to treasure hunt. Okay. And I don't have a curiosity of how I can get things done where other people couldn't. I like to do that through competency because it makes me feel intelligent. Right. And I can share the story and I share the knowledge. That's why we, you know, we're pushing out lots of the heart, man. These guys are joining out lives left and right on these whole sailing deals. And they're running their mailers and sometimes they'll send something in. And they're like, this deal doesn't work. And on my haybrough, I said double lot. You could a whole sub house sub divided and build another one and make about 150 grand and they're like shit. What is that? Yeah, I'm asking allies is where we're teaching guys. So in real estate, you got fast media and slow money. Okay. Fast money is like flipping and whole sailing. Media money would be like developing a single family home. Okay. And slow money is me buying apartment buildings and mobile home parks at over time make you very wealthy. But the fast money comes first because most people are in a position where they have an out of five. They'd be either watch the HGTV or they've heard Robert Kiesaki or they've heard me or Kenny Mack or anybody talk about the power or real estate. They want to get in with the best way to get in is to start small and grow into it. And I agree with Grant Cardone on about 32 units. I get that. I'm with you bro. No problem. But in the beginning, yeah, everybody got 32 unit money. They ain't got 32 unit money, but the way to get 32 unit money is to get some fast money. Flippings great, whole sailing is better. Reason is is because when you flip a house, you get into construction and construction is messy. Most people don't understand it and certainly don't know how to manage the contractor. I will be teaching construction at some point. But for now, if these guys can get in there and start making some fast money, our average flip, wholesale for the students is around 30 40 grand a lick. So if you can just get one deal under your belt, right? Yeah, a face that blood, one time. It'll change your life. Never go back. I never forget man. I did a house. I must have been 26. I flipped this house. I didn't make a whole bunch of money. I must have made like 25 grand. Yeah. It changed me mentally. I don't never work for anybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like this wasn't that hard. Put some band at signs out, talk to some people on the phone, get the sale, get the deal done, it changed me. And I just want as many people as possible, men are women to taste that. Taste that one time and think about how long you work to get that deal done. And then look at that check and then go to the bank, put that thing in your bank account, until that moment when that teller sees you put 40 grand in your bank account one lit. Walk outside after that closing, breathe that shit in cowboy. Because that's just real. And it could be done again and again and again. And that's what I'll ask is about. It's creating a system that if all they do is follow it. Yeah. They will be successful. That's all they have to do is follow it. Yeah. Just don't quit and eventually that phone is going to ring. To say it's two months in and you fuck around and make 30 to $50,000 and just sitting down at a table, sign a something in some blue ink. It'll change how you think about the world. That's awesome, man. I can people find out more information about their him, you open Instagram. You know, just in the wall I mean, that's no. Just in.

=== FILE: Make HOT Women Chase After YOU!  @GameGodGoldie [V2x60P6bgqg].txt ===

Does Joe woman like you or does she like the lifestyle you bring? I'm not saying she do, I'm not saying she don't. Doos be like, oh, she been there around for five years. Yeah, and you've been having it for five years. So you don't know when she don't even know. I'm not saying she's this loyal, but I'm not giving her a whole hell of a lot of credit. Maybe I've been winning for 13 years. I've been riding roles, voices, I've been living in high rises, I've been doing this. But 10 years, you ain't never been with me when I didn't have it. So I don't know how you can tell me. You can tell it sounds good, but until that day comes and then ain't never going to come when I fall off, we'll never know. So you only get so much credit in my book, which you witt me when I'm winning. Game God Go, you was so pleased for an always pretty good at it. Anyway, what are some steps guys can do? That actually could get chosen by more women. Before he even start working on himself, because okay, yeah, you could build yourself up, and then you can get more women to come chase you. But number one is, as you are, statistically speaking, there is more than a hundred women out there who are going to choose you just the way you want. Just the way you want. Just that mental switching your mom. And then like I said, when you add the piece on of stop looking for who you're looking for, understand the value of a woman who actually likes you and then she could build her looks. That's another factor. But of course, man, you got to be somebody you like. If you look in the mirror with all lights up, so who else going like? You got to be realistic. Competition is everyone around. You're in a race and ain't nobody next to you, you're not going to run as fast as if you know somebody next to you and they enter another suspect. So look around and do his light brand right here and see where you don't measure up and then work every day to try to close that gap. Go in, you become something that you like, everybody else going like it. Not only that, when you become something that you like, you're no longer even worried about these women. When you become so high level in your mind, man, like me, it'd be like, I don't even really want to talk to you. You're not even on my level because thirsty and needy energy is never going to get anything. You do as a tool needy, you want the bra too much and that energy is seeping out and nobody likes that. A lot of guys are trying to give validation from the woman because they don't like themselves as much on a subconscious level and that's you got to really learn to like yourself. But look, my first module in my gang got mentality to course itself. Look, all of this stems from self love. You can say what I say, but it's going to falter eventually because you really don't, I really feel like my bra's will see it. It'll be a cut. I can't say too much, but it'll be a little being a situation with a cold bra and she dealing with us both and we had about to have some fun and meet, meet pants down, the bra say something that I just don't like and she don't clean it up. What is this this party is over because I really stand on that. You know, and when you stand on stuff like that, your woman respects you more and she's not so worried and checking your phone when you go out because she likes it now. My man is a man of press wave, but woman get up on him. She's coming on a way proper and correct. He's not out here just doing this and doing that. Before we get into the next things, a guy needs to do the level up. How does the guy talk to like himself more? And you got to do the work. You got to do the work. Come from self investment, come open. Are you investing in yourself daily with your habits? Are you working out? Do you like what you see when you look in the mirror? Right. Are you doing the work? Are you leveling up in different areas? If you're not doing that, you're not going to like yourself. Say all the affirmations in the world. That might help. But it's not going to convince yourself of you seeing you're not doing what you're not going to the gym. You're eating like you're jacking off the porn. Man, just let's just imagine what God sees when you jacking off the porn every day. Man, come on man, you don't respect yourself when you're bussed at night. You're closing out the browser, man. You don't even. And that all of that subconsciously seeps into your mind and to your personality. But some, like when you see a dude who's really serious, you know he's game-tight in everywhere, he got a different look in his eye. He got a different energy and with it, it is just different. You can't fake it. So that's why I say all the time, man. Don't skip steps. Build yourself and I guarantee you once you start to build yourself, you're not even going to be worried about the browser's going to be worried about you. Because you're going to fall in love with yourself. And once you raise your standards, you're going to be able to catch better. That's why I say all the time, man. I can always get better, so I can always catch better. And a woman leaves me, I'm not tripping. I'm actually glad because I'm a better person to say it. I'm better today than I was six months ago because I'm always working on myself, which means that bra that I got with six months ago is actually beneath me now. I can catch better than I could catch then. So I can't wait for you to do something wrong. If you're not liking the women that's choosing you right now, level up, then you'll get better women. They can see you make it. I say now you got to be it to you believe it. But I do feel like in the sense of a fakeity, make it as you got to believe that you could be more. You have to be that you somebody before you are. But as far as completely fake it, I see the dudes who do that. Yeah, they don't work. But for example, you're just like pretended. And the thing is you know inside and you don't really like yourself. And people who really act can tell. And as much as you fake, you're going to give yourself a way in certain places. But when you really act, you're never giving yourself away. When I tell guys when they say, how do I become more confident? I feel like you'll give yourself reasons if you won't go after that. Right? Like what's your regiment like every day? What kind of structure do you adhere to? Are you keeping the promises you make to yourself on a daily basis? And if you start doing it, then you give yourself a reason to be. Man, when you walk outside and you know, I read today, I ate what I did. I went to the gym to die. All of these things that you, I didn't do any vices today. I always said club, I didn't drink, I didn't smoke, I didn't do drugs. And then you know 95% of the world is doing those things. We walk by everybody. You look like an exchange ship. Make it's paying fuggle me. And that's how you feel internally. And it makes you proud. And when you're proud, then you start to do the habits and do the things that you know reflect that. Yeah, that's when I say be it to you believe it. That's what I mean. I mean like yo. Not me. Give yourself reasons to really like this. Imagine somebody who you cared about was telling you man, I'm going to do all the stuff for you. And they always tell you they're going to do something and they never do. How much was you like that person? That person is you. And these will really don't understand yo self-imaged govern show lines. Psychocyber netty. It's all about how you will never perform to your actual capability based on how you think about yo self. So no matter how capable you are, you're not even going to be able to perform to your capacity because you've lowered your self-immace. And another thing that's with women too, right? A woman in your life, below your self-immace, by not treating you like to do that you are. And you're accepting it. And a lot of times women and men will do that today partner because if they know who they are, they'll might see that I'm replaceable. So they try not to treat you like you did do. They try to make you feel less than you are. So then they can keep you here. So you know, it's very important yourself. Images in how do you build yourself? Images by the daily things that the daily promises, the daily actions. 100% of them. So you got to love yourself with the next step. When you no longer try to be attractive to women and you're no longer worried about women, that's when the women go on choose. I feel like women are rules, because I'm not tripping off the women. Anywhere did I go, man, I'll be in a strip club and long as they're. And I'm an Aaron, I'm enjoying myself. I'm enjoying talking to my partner. I'm enjoying the vibe. I'm enjoying the limit-pepper wings. They got their spirit-man rhino and guess what? It's a woman who comes by, you know they all you want to do. And I'm cool. I'm chilling right now. I'm just enjoying myself. Guess what? I'm looking like I'm such a fun, enjoying nice, good energy having an individual that wouldn't want to come over and see what's going on. May. Anywhere did I go, I'm never worried about the brun. Back in the day, we used to have gang sessions with my uncle. He came down and he asked. He said, all three of y'all. He told me how you think of boss players' day goes. We all said, he said, man, I'll tell me what you think. Tell me how you think they're day goes. He looked as he said, do you think when a boss player wake up in the morning he worried about a broth? He said, no, he said, why you always worried about a broth? A boss player's worried about his self, his business, his work and not, and a multitude of other things, didn't the broth. And so it just goes to show man, women are attracted to men who ain't worried about. Right? Because if you're not worried about the broth, you're worried about something actually important. So, first one is you got to like yourself more. Yeah. It's not, don't be worried about the girl worried about yourself. Give me a third key, a third jewel for these dudes. Man, you got to like who likes you. Right? I mean, because it's all encompassing and you working on yourself because when you work on yourself, you care about yourself. When you worried about yourself, you're not worried about her. When you're not worried about her, she starts to worry about you. Like who likes you? He's got to like do it like you. Man, that's the fundamental man. That's one all one. Man, I'll tell the story before. 16 years old, my uncle used to take me to the club. Bad little, fine little thing on the dance floor. You know, she planned with me. She planned with me. She asked him like, she liked me. She don't like, right? My uncle put his hand on my shoulder. And he said, listen, stop looking at that broad that you want to start looking at that funny looking broad and the corners looking at you. Right? Because that broad over there, she gonna get your problem. Like she already was that woman over there, she will do everything you say. And from there, it changed my paradigm. And that's how I've ran my, that my entire life. That's why I feel like I look younger than I am. Because I don't have problems when it comes to the wine and stress. It's because how does somebody treat you that hold you in such high esteem, that love Joe Dirty Draws that sees you as a superstar, whoever their famous crush is rapper. Act, how would they treat that person? You think she's looking for problems or she's overlooking problems? You think she's talking back? You think she's getting on his nerves or you think she's being in pocket quiet doing whatever you get steady, no daddy. I'm only looking for a woman who sees me like a superstar. You need game because you chose wrong. You need game because you picked a woman who didn't really like you. So you got to do all these tricks and tears. And oh, let it, to keep it together. I'm not doing that. I'm going to spend that time at energy focus on my business, my fellows and my family. So I'm dealing with a woman who really just wants to be around me. She thinks I'm a superstar and should be in a car board box with me. I really like what you're saying. Maybe like 10 years ago, wherever. I became real cool with some dudes who had like a huge pickup company, like pickup company, teaching guys, gang. Those were those like my big brothers, like men to the guy's were in the company because they was doing like eight figures at the time and it was really killing it. I got a lot of like business game for them. I remember the stuff that seeing the stuff they were teaching like the guys. Yeah. And because I wanted to shit on with their teacher because those my homies, but I remember thinking myself, man, I break all these rules. Yeah, I get more pussy than all these niggas. A lot of the game is teaching them folks how to pretend to be a real. Yeah, it does. You see, like deception. Yeah, just pickup works because it's having dudes go out and talk to a lot of girls. So it's statistically speaking. You're going to catch. Yeah. If a dude right now with no pickup walked out and talked to 100 girls like I used to 100 girls a day. You could say the lame is lying. You're going to catch one brawl and get it. So that's really why it works. Number two, what I've never going to do is make the brawl that important that I'm over here doing magic tricks and motherfucking flies out and practice. I am never going to because it makes the brawl too important even if she don't know it in my mind. I've already built her up to be more important to me because all you doing for that is somebody who's not more important. Yeah. So subconsciously, you're already putting her on a pedestal and you can't lie. Your body is going to give away that she's hiding because you're doing all this to get her. Who's going to do all that to get something that's on a level? No, you're only doing and she sees it too. You shuckin' in, driving, trying too hard, trying to be too charming. She sees it and all you do was elevate her and it's like, you're letting her. Now she's looking at it. Sometimes they'll play with you for that validation. If when you see me, you can't recognize what you're looking at, I don't want you. And that's no knock to you. Listen, I said all the time like in high school. It's a girl in high school. She saw a dude don't know if I'm nowhere. Just saw him walking. That's her crush. She writes no school. She's going home dreaming about him saying what to do. It's a woman you don't even know her. I'm in love. You don't even know her. Like that, that heart Arnold in that hell, correct? It's people like that for whatever reason, the chemistry and your brain, whatever when you see somebody you just like Dan, that's my bitch. That's my nigga, right? I'm only looking for the woman who sees me like that. And we got a cool vibe going on, but I can't fuck with you. You don't like me enough. It'll be very disrespectful to the women who do see me like a superstar. But it's woman only seeing me like a cool, you know what I'm fat? It's just, I'm spoiled now. Once you have a woman literally, lie still killed, willing to go to jail for you. You'll be bringing big beds and coulda ran off with it, but don't say daddy, what you want to do with it, playing never going to be able to deal with a bra who just kind of like you. Don't say it. So I'm scarred, but I feel like everybody should be like this because then it raises your standards. And then I said on time man, like dudes when I look at you with me, I promise you, I did this when I had no money. I promise you I did because I felt like this because I was in an environment where I saw this while I thought it was normal. If you make everybody who comes in contact with you, treat you at a certain level, I guarantee you're going to find people who treat you on that level. But when you start it wrong, you let that bra treat you like nothing. Now you can't put your standards now. You're not going to hold another bra because I used to start as you finish. That's a big fact, man. A woman's rank, like as far as you should want to tend to me is based on how she treat me, how much she like me and how much she's willing to do what I tell her to do. So a lot of these dudes that be chasing a 10, man, I'm chasing who chasing me. One because you can make any woman to 10 as I say all the time. Two, when you live in a life when a woman really likes you, man, you can do whatever you want to do. You can do fly things like this. You know what I'm saying? You can do it in possible. What seems impossible. Do something I had to force me to get on a lease because in their psyche, that's the only way they can get a woman to do that. And I'm just saying man, stop going after the one you like it. Start going after one and like you. I was in a strip club with my partner the other day. Why you're not trying to get at these women right here? I'm like, because I don't want to confuse them and make them believe that they hire them me because I went after them. And if no woman comes up in this club to meet tonight, I'll be perfectly fine. Come on, look a little boo, look a for me. If she doesn't like me enough to stop and put herself out there to say hello to me, then that's not a woman. I won't. We start and roll. And if you start and how you start, it's how you finish. That's just how I feel. And let me break it down too, because I'm not saying I never try to talk to a woman. But the most I'll do is how you doing. Most I'll do is finger over to you. The most I'll do is like a little touch on an elbow. All I'm doing is presenting myself. I'm showing you that I'm interested. And in two seconds, I'm a no if you choosing an eye. But you like what you see. I'm a see it on how she responds with her face looks like with her body, body language is like, and that's going to let me know if she's choose. I want to be the one you convincing me. That's the only way this guy never going to work. You know what, man? It's funny. It's like that in business too. People come on here and ask me sales advice about cold call and I'm like, what? I never ran a business where I had the cold call. We always think in bound leads. It's kind of like the sand. It's like the old's right. It's a lot of clothes right this high. You know, because even if you chase a woman down and you convince her, like him, to man, you got to keep that up because that's what you presented from the gate. If you just trying to have sex with a woman, okay, man, do the dance. I can judge or you do what you got to do to get it, right? But if you wanted to be a long-term relationship, I want her to see what is really going to be. I don't want to have to try. I don't want to have to be taking trips all the time. Going to five star dinners all the time because you need to be entertained. And if she only wish you for that kind of sit, there's always someone who could do more. Man, I'd be telling dudes all the time. Like, most dudes don't really understand your woman. Don't either. Just show woman like you, or does she like the lifestyle you bring? I'm not saying she do, I'm not saying she don't. Doos be like, oh, well, she's been there around for five years. Yeah, and you've been having it for five years. So you don't know when she don't even know. I'm not saying she's this loyal, but I'm not giving her a whole hell of a lot of credit. Man, bitch, I've been winning for 13 years. I've been riding roles, races. I've been living in high rages. I've been doing this for 10 years. You ain't never been with me when I didn't have it. So I don't know how you can tell me. You can tell it sounds good, but until that day comes and then they ain't never going coming off all off, we'll never know. So you only get so much credit in my book. Bitch, you whip me when I'm winning. You always say you gotta find them when we're like, so you get chosen to mouthcloth. It shows with your mouth closed. Not only have the hood show you on it. Not only do I show you how I method again, chose with show my clothes, how to put yourself in position, man, up true player knows how to put himself in position to be discovered, know where to go, how to go, what to do in those situations. And then know what to look. Because a lot of dudes is not getting chose because they look in the shoes. Look at everything in the room, that's red. Look, everything is red, everything is red, right? If you stop if I ask you was green, you're not going to remember because you look for red. If you're looking for the woman that you're choosing, you're going to miss the woman that's been choosing. I don't care who you are. There's a woman choosing you, maybe not as many, but that other dude that is you and me got, but it's definitely someone, but you just overlooked her because you look a for you, what you want. And then you don't even have the mind to understand the value of a woman who choosing you is more valuable than a woman who's beautiful, but not choosing you work because you haven't understood these things. So you need to get my gang got mentality program, which gets your mind right to care about the things that matter and then get the get chosen to my own code. This woman was watching this probably. She's like, man, now a guy's like a challenge. I'm like, yeah, you know, my life is just a challenge. I say this. You know, I'll say this, right? Because a lot of dudes will say this and say that, man, I don't feel like the world is black and white like that, man. You got all of their braids in the world. I don't know what these dudes like. I don't like no challenge. It is some dudes out here. I call them massacits. You love chasing a woman that don't like that abuses you, that talk shit, you eat this state with them. You like a bitch, I don't. Maybe some dudes do, but if you try that, what me is going to be short lived. Yeah, that's a big fact. You know what I'm saying? I like fucked about my life is hard in the, man, is it? You're gonna fuck your girl, making a heart attack, man. If she don't say bless you when I sneeze, man, I'm gonna start looking like we got a problem. What fucks would you be like happy wife? Happy, happy, happy king and not a goddamn thing. All the way, it's pleasing, thank you.

=== FILE: Most People Will Never Live Like This [w_AJ7D0xHeQ].txt ===

Goin' on guys, we are here in my boy Moneyboards, $1.4 million. Second studio, and it's the garage as well. I had a nice studio, I thought I could use another one for special occasions when kings and superheroes like Mr. Carter come through and pay a visit for a period of time. First man, tell the story about the cars. I actually have this show-fired vehicle sitting in the back, because a lot more comfortable than I said to the Uber anyways. Yeah. It's pretty luxurious, you take a look in the back, we'll see you. It's good amount of space back here that are not be troubled with touching the seat or anything. Not that. How much is this cost? Oh, you're finding a quarter of a million or so now. A quarter of a million. That's it, think. Oh, I'm going to million. They give them away. Oh, yeah. It's a great value. There's a nice features in there for quarter million. Yeah, man. This little difference, this is, you know, what needed something was a little bit bigger that, if I have multiple coaches or guests over that, you know, we're going to do training. So there's been times where we have multiple people who are picking up from the airport, needed a bigger vehicle. So I thought this was a good vehicle for that, you know, it was like a 7-C-S-U-V. It just happens to have a twin-turbo, you know, supercharged engine. This is the big dog, the Rose Royce Phantom. This is my favorite car in his fleet. Well, it's a little metallic purple in there. And then we had the center caps match of course. Of course. It can't have the Pinch around your center caps, not match on the rest of your purple. This also happens to be the extended Phantom. So having that extra, I think it's 8.7 inches, 80,000 dollar feature to have the long version. So they call it a extended wheelbase. This is the long version with the maximum legroom and back. And you know, then the seats also recline here. This is not a comment for a Rose Royce actually to have the reclining seats. That's how normal feature in a Rose Royce. That's like a $30,000 option to have read the seats. You know, you don't drive the seats, you can show for you. Drive. Holy poor people drive for the rest of the choice. How is this one causing? About 800,000. Oh, yes. That's it. With features and tags. You know, I'm the hood ornament. There's a little ring down here. You can see the so LED light. That little LED lights over $5,000 option. Oh, right. It's a good ornament. It's well illuminated at night time. No. And you got a main shot with the vehicles in the background. And then the zoom in at my face, zoom in at my guest's face. Yeah. It's got some marble money bags. I actually got a lot of money. 10. 10. 10. There's a couple hundred pounds each. Yeah. Those are their solid marble and they're a couple hundred pounds. You want to be more modest and speaking of modest, yeah. Tell me about this. Well, this was a bronze statue of myself. I asked for this statue to be made of me. And it was supposed to be smaller scale when I originally ordered it. It was supposed to be about a quarter of this size. It came big. I thought what the hell am I going to do with a larger than life statue of my torso? And I like the details. Got the AP on, you know? Yes, AP. You get the Pimbo on the scene. I was up in here messing with this earlier. You know, I bought this because I thought like it's a fun thing to have my studio. Yeah. Fun little entertainment for a guest. You know, favorite moment at downtime. It's a music box here. From 1860, this is over 200 years old. Yeah, it's over 200 years old. True. And it does a little wind up here. So this was the cutting edge of music technology home audio. You know, 210 years ago back in Germany. Yeah, I got this shuffle board table came with a property. And I was like, yeah, don't throw that away. I'm not going to play this. Then I thought, well, you know, what if I get it repainted to match my refrigerator? Okay. What if I painted it, matte black and copper? So it matches the refrigerator well. Then what if I put my logo on the ends of it? Oh, I have both ends. My corporate logos. Yeah, it's supposed to keep it ideally you want to get it on the foredown there in score four points. Oh, right. I got another shot. Because it's like hard. It looks pause. All right, let me see it. But what was important for you to build this kind of garage studio? You don't want me to record up poor. I can like, I'm doing that. I tried poverty. And I thought, you know what, this is a map for me. Yeah, I felt the same way. Let me try being a wealthy for a while. Let me try to like earn the best that life has to offer and settle in for some like mediocre. It's better, right? You know, I tried both. Yeah. This responsible thing to do is to let spread tests, you know. And after I tried poverty, and then I tried like, you know, pretty good level of wealth. And I said, man, this wealth stuff is so much more fun, like, way better. You can better taste in stakes. You better stake when you're rich. You need like have nice or cars when you're rich. You don't even drive them. You just sit in the back. Have in money, so I'll have a lot of problems that not have in money creates. That's a fact. It's somebody who wanted to start walking down a path and they wanted to learn from you how to do it, how would they go about that? Yes, what? Brande's asked me to do a live training for his audience, came mine. We're going to do that on April 28th, 4 p.m. Pacific Time, 7 p.m. Eastern Time. In their training, I'm walking you through the 10 most important things. I call the 10 commandments of wealth. Who's right person to come to that live training? Man, in my mind, I think it would be somebody who's not only ambitious but has the kind of work ethic that will allow them to put in the work necessary, right? Because somebody has been putting in a lot of work over a consistent amount of time. But they'll be able to put in the right work that would definitely put them down at Mark's down that path, you know? Go ahead and click the link in the description right now. Register for immediately before it fills up. So now we're here in the second studio. I do my mentoring call over here every week. So I sit on the couch with, you know, whoever my esteemed guest with my coaches that week, I've been on that couch two. But yeah, we have another fellow prime pro over here. We have another lighting system. Sometimes I sit at the desk. We got, you know, just a little trinkets and success trinkets in the background. Some university degrees. Now I had to start with this GED. Oh. I didn't finish high school. So when other people was in high school, I was being a little misfit and got myself in trouble. I was always kicked out of school for some sort of in-sabird nation or funny enough, I wasn't so good at taking orders. I was a lot better at taking orders for myself than I was from taking orders from other people. I mean, I don't get that from you. Yeah. Funny thing. Funny thing. Get your change over time. The game needs a dean's prize for building the Chicago Booth Brand back then. They said that meaning I had done more to contribute to the school's reputation and brand than any of their students in my class at that time. For Campo Corratti, this is like halfway to Black Belt in a nine-built system, five out of nine right now. So I got some work to do to get my Cradi up to Black Belt level. It's really the MMA strike in Campo Corratti is, you know, general MMA strike in, not just traditional Corratti. But yeah, that belt was awarded by this blue belt. This halfway to Black Belt is awarded by Leo Do Machita and Glover to share a human Leo on Glover when you overdue training with that. That's right. Which you got. Yeah. That was pretty intense. Yeah. It's a adventure to be training with two UFC champions and have to hold yourself to that standard stuff. It's intense, man. Now I got a few of those. I got a $10 million there from ClickFunnels as a recognition of $10 million from my money Bird Mentorian program, $10 million in sales for that one program. Yeah. Over here we got the $25 million dollar plague. ClickFunnels, really my $50 million. Yeah. Because my $15 million. No, I had this for some time. Yeah, I got my $15 million. And then they slow to deliver in my plaque. So we got to contact them and get that fixed. I should have my $50 million plaque from 2024. So here's the combat center. Right. And tell me about this, this area. But you know, those belts over there, I have put in a lot of work to give those. I've been working on those for over three years. And I started a grappling. I had some of the best coaches in the world to come help you with my grappling, come up with my fighting. And we need a place to do that. So my boxing coach, Polyvon Aashy, Shoutout to Polyvon, was up all the Polyvon's five-time World Champion boxer. Yeah. And he's the one that gave it that name actually. You call it the IIT-Derek. You ready to go to the combat center? So we got no one as the Money Bird Combat Center. Yeah. He gave it that name originally. You got your face on here. Yeah, of course. Do you want to have their face on their custom made? Yeah, man, maybe. Like they don't. I like it. I like it, my face, I don't think. Yeah. I noticed. Yeah, I had noticed. I don't want to over here. Hmm. You know, this is important. These are a little reminder. So like your goals don't care about your excuses. Hmm. If you're a type person that you're more concerned about your excuses, then accomplish in your biggest goals, don't ever expect to accomplish those goals. You know, success enough for everybody. I spent thousands of hours on these sampling mats. You spend a little time over there with me. Yeah, no, I had. Yeah. Yeah, I spent thousands of hours. If, uh, I mean, I got the video of all the people that been in here is like voice gray seed and chuckle the Dell and Tito Ortiz. I mean, the whos who Rich Franklin was here last week, uh, Glover to share Gordon, or high-head, Gordon Ryan's the best grandpa there in the world ever. Mikey, Wilson, Etchy, Jake Shields, Gilbert Burns. You know, the 30 other people I'm not thinking of. I had so many world champions here. Joke and me and pushed in me up in unnatural ways. Yeah. You first two years, you just uh, is it tough time? Yeah. Yeah. It's a tough time. So, you know, this is a huge sauna. Like yeah, I got a couple of them. I got one over in the the me and palace as well. So, uh, this is second. This is second. So, yeah. But I'd like to go from here. We got this sauna and this, you know, very intense red light therapy. Over here, I got a big, soaking tub. So, I just filled that with cold water and throw about 30 pounds of ice in there and have real, I was thinking to be cold, like 38 degrees. Who don't have a illuminated amethyst to their custom ice bath? All right. So, this is the one in the best private gyms I've ever seen in my life. All right. This is better than a lot of commercials in the, uh, been it. So, you better than some that I've worked in. So, tell us what's going on. I got about 30 stations around here. We're um, I just wanted to make everything. Anything that you could want for lifting weights to to be able to put on some good muscle. This one, I'm gonna offend my friend Fex Lewis sent me this. This one's his personal, oh my donkey calf machine. So, he had two of them in his gym in Las Vegas and the dragons later, shout out to Fex Lewis and the dragons later, Jim. Well, you don't want some people who only got one sauna. Hmm. I got a second one right here. Okay. The combat center sauna. Yeah. Then I got this sauna right here. But my favorite thing, my favorite favorite thing is the steam room, straight. The sauna's are great. The cold plunge feels miserable, but you feel great later. My favorite recovery piece is even such, right? Hmm. Besides chairs, it's a different level of luxury. Some people will never know the joys of having a normal people. Yeah. It's not for everybody. Not for everybody. I'm gonna want to click that link and try to band it in an April 20th at 4pm Pacific, 7pm Eastern. We're gonna go through the 10 Commandments of Wealth. You're gonna want to click that link right now. After we go through that presentation and share the 10 Commandments of Wealth with you, we're gonna do a Q&A and answer your specific questions. We think they should do a bigger thing. I think they should click that link. It deserves. If you're not serious, they shouldn't. It's not fair, everybody. Is it for you?

=== FILE: My Simple Productivity Routine That Makes Me $684 Per Hour [sgJeQBxXv-M].txt ===

There's lots of videos here on YouTube about how to be productive, but most of the videos are made by people who ain't fucking rich. I'm going to show you my productivity routine that helps me make over $6 million per year. And it's not just stuff I do now that I'm already fucking rich, successful on handsome, but a lot of the things that got me to where I met are things I still do to propel myself to even greater heights. If you watched me on YouTube, you can see the whole rise from starting a small apartment in Queens, making videos, a two of Pin House Condo in Miami, really bawling. During that time I've made tens of millions of dollars. If you implement this, I promise you will see tremendous progress in your life, both financially, personally. And it's going to help with your mental focus as well. Now, if you've been watching me for a long time, you're going to notice that I've said some of this stuff before. That's because it works. I don't have to keep coming up with new, inventive, fantastic shit. If there is some shit, it works. I'm a kid doing a worse, in fact, I'm going to double down on it. And the fact that I've done that and made even more money to more double down on it, cement my allegiance to these methodologies. Number one, you've got to track everything. If you are not tracking, you are slacking. Tracking the progress is one of the foundational things I did to become a multimillionaire in all aspects. And there's a few reason why tracking works. If you've seen this example before, shut up and let's do it again. Because you ain't doing it. Because you'd be rich by now if you work. All right. So a lot of times we'll have goals. This trophy represents a goal. I know I'm in amazing artists. Try not to get too distracted by that. A lot of times people will tell you to just focus on the goal. Focus on the goal. Focus on the goal. The problem with that is a lot of times we can look at the goal and we can think, oh, shucks. I'm so far away from that. And then we get sand. And then quit and discourage. A lot of you guys are there right now. This is you. This is like a picture of you. If you really wanted to hit this goal, there are like actions you need to take to get there. There's a role to this goal. You may think how far that's a role. How to sneak. This role represents actions. If you focus on the actions, you won't be a set. You focus on actions. It's going to be more motivated. Because the all these things you have to do to accomplish the goals. If you focus only on those every day what's going to happen is you'll know that you're going to accomplish it. If you want to accomplish, let's say a weight loss goal. You have to be in a clerk deficit every day. In order to do that, you have to work out, eat a certain amount of calories. And if you do those things every day, you'll hit the goal. Right. And it breaks down to man. So what we wanted to do is instead of looking at the goal, just look at today. What we need to do today, it just work on making a perfect date. And if we can start stringing together perfect days, then we know for a fact we would accomplish those goals. When I'm training somebody, I've been a training for over 25 years. And I can see their macros every day. I can see how many calories they've burned every day. And I can see their in the glory deficit. And if they keep doing that, I know they'll accomplish their goal. It's not hope, it's not wish, it's not luck. I know it's going to happen. Because they're doing the actions, then I have way more confidence. And that's how we are with our goals. If we can just figure out what the leading indicators are, we'll know that the goal is inevitable. So goal is what's called a lagging indicator. This just shows what happened. The actions are what's called a leading indicator, which shows what's going to happen. So if we go back to our fitness example, if somebody's hitting their macros every day, getting enough sleep, getting enough rest, those are the leading indicators. If they're doing it every day, we can see they're doing everything, then we know for a fact they'll hit the goal. We don't even have to look or think about the lagging indicators, the goals, because the leading indicators actually tell us what the future is going to hope. So we have to track the leading indicators, because this tells us the future. So for me, with my goals, I track everything I eat. I'm a cycle about it. I keep a scale with me. I track all my macros all the time. A lot of people say, man, you could still probably be in good shape without doing it. I'm not trying to probably be in good shape. I want to be in me. So I mean, it's an amazing shape. I don't want to leave that the chance. So I go overkill. I track how many hours sleep I get every night. I do that. My ordering does that for me. My ordering also tracks how many calories I burn these days. I track that. I track the metrics in my business and how many leads we get per day. How many sales calls get booked? What's the conversion rates? Because if the sales team has high conversion rates and we get high lead flow, and we know that's happening every day, those are the leading indicators. So we know what those are going to lead to. So the lagging indicators will be, oh, we're going to have a bunch of fucking money. And I'm going to ball harder. I used to do this in spreadsheets, but now I use a template. I mean, an notion. And I gave you guys to links and description. It's called the Victory Vision Planer. So this is one of my from last year. This is my habit tracker. So this is January last year. The thing that I wanted to make sure I wake up before five. I wanted to know exactly how many days we got it. Boom. I checked it off every time I did. You see I did 80% of time. Not bad. It could be better. My sleep. Not time and bad. So the ordering doesn't just track time and bad attracts when you went to sleep. And I look at my sleep. I average six hours of sleep. It could have been better. The lead indicate this is what do you think happened to? Yeah, probably didn't have as much fucking energy as I would have liked to. Working out. I tracked every day I worked out. Boom. You could see I worked at 85% in time. And these were just like the rest days. Eight to three percent. A M M M P M meditation. I tracked how many times I did it. I did it most. I could have did better. Especially with the P M. Right. But 80% I feel pretty good about that. Tracking my macros, though, 100% you know what you know the fucking deal. I tracked how much protein I got per day. average 225. The lead indicate this was going to happen. I would have this month. I'm just going to be fucking muscular. You already know. You know, he's working out and he's his macrower. Calories consumed. I boomed my track that every day and it had to give me average. And then Calories burned according to my ordering. And then I had a formulae that the deficit. So, you know, just the sum deficit. I probably said it did average, but just the sum. So, I was in the deficit this month. Right. And that's why the protein was higher. I bumped my protein up when I'm in the deficit in order to persuade my body to retain more muscle. I tracked how much water I drink each day. The average. This was too low. Right. This was too low. Right. Close. It's more now. I tracked my finances every month. Every day in mid.com or 80% of the days in mid.com. So, I did before mid.com doesn't exist anymore. Now we use mine or in my art. I tracked every dollar I spend and I categorized. And mine or does a lot of it for me. But I can see where every dollar spent goes. Right. So, I don't have no fucking subscriptions. I don't need no bullshit. My personal life end in the business. You can look at the lean indicators and you already know that I'm going to lose weight. And you know that I were going to retain more muscle than I would if I was because I'm getting a high amount of protein. Now, let's go to the social media. You know, you know, build a muscle from me. It's important. We posted a YouTube video 80% of time posted IG feed 74% of the time. The guy who was posting to my IG feed, he got fired for this straight up. That really happened. Because I was looking at the lead. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. It's not over 80% is below standard. So, he got fucking fired. Flex fish. Yeah. I can't tell you what it is. But it's some net. I do didn't make sense of money. Right. I could have did it way better with that. TikTok posts. That was 100% cool. So, we can look at this and see, oh, this guy's probably going to grow his social media. He's fairly consistent. I could have been better, but he's fairly consistent on social media. So, we only have to think about the goal. We know it's going to happen. And if I didn't hit the goal, we know it's actually why. You don't have to read your fucking horoscope. You don't have to go to a gypsy, read your fortune. You know it's going to happen because you can see the actions. Right. And this is some of the stuff I'm working on. Yeah, a practice guitar. I didn't practice as much as I would have liked to this month. I think it was, I don't know what was going on in January. Right. So, you can see I probably didn't. I probably didn't fucking make that much of investment. You know, practice Spanish. This was a minute. Oh, you see. My goal with Spanish was at least 20 minutes a day on average. I did not get that. Right. Your Ablaron Piquito, West Spaniel. Then studying my goal is to average 90 minutes a day. I feel a little bit below that. But you know, read 90 minutes a day. You good. Oh, this is a practice. I can't tell you what this is, but I was practicing something else. It's a secret. That's why I changed it. But you can see, okay, he's acquiring some skills. Right. And leave nothing else. He's learning more. You look at the leaner indicators. Right. Boom. Hours worked. You know what I'm saying? I mean, you know, I'm putting the network average 9.7 hours a day. Now bad. Now bad. You know, some days were more some days were less. Right. These are days that I was doing some else. I didn't see my son as much this week as I liked that kind of fucked me up. But it's so all good. That's the home. I made up for it the following month because he looked. We he lives in a different state. All right. Cryo therapy. I didn't do cryo. This is something that I find helpful. I mean, you know, working on my ring. I didn't go through the range. Then much, this was a busy month. Right. Time has been with friends. Right. Because that's something to support in me. Make sure I spent time with friends. So these, these were the areas that I really kind of lacked in. Right. Time with my girlfriend. I averaged two hours a day. That's super helpful. Right. Girlfriend, not trippin. Like how much was she trippin this month? She was not trippin 90% of the time. Which is a good month for her. Right. So I was proud of her for that. Maybe her be able to stay cops. You only was trippin a little bit. And this was around the time of the month, you know, bleeding season. Then I give myself a rating. It was the quality of my relationship with my girlfriend. I see correspondence with her trippin. Quality of my health. How I felt about my health. Cool quality. My business quality of my life. You know, scale the one to ten. So you give a fence. So I track everything. And I can see when one of the lead indicators starts to lack. Then I like all I need to step it up. And this way I can stay on top of it. But I can also tell the future. All I got to do is look at the lead indicators. And I know exactly what's going to happen. I do this in notion. There's a copy of this. This template where you can use. You're going to have to add the habits that you want in there. But as a copy, it is called the Victory Vision planner. The link in description. There's a video attached to it on how to use it. This is a cheat code to life. If you're not tracking your slacken, but this is why it's important to track stuff. I'm going to show you two studies. This is done by Duke University. And all they had, all they did was have people, they got about the fat boys. Have people had these fat boys track their macros. I'm going to track their calories in my fitness pal for three months. They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't tell me to do paleo keto. They didn't even give them a calorie deficit. They just said, man, don't chase nothing. Just track your macros on me. Just track your calories. And they did that for three months on average. They lost five pounds. News of five pounds is pretty much it's not that impressive. Until you remember, they did not even give them a plan. That's how effective tracking is. I'm sure you're another study. It was published in American Psychological Association and it showed that people who track their progress in any goal were 76% more likely to achieve it than people who didn't. Here's a link to the study and everything you can check it out on your own time. Right? But frequently monitoring progress towards goals increases chance of success by 70%. So it's this not just me talking, this ain't bro science. And it just makes sense. If you don't have a speedometer on your car, how fat how do you know how fast you're going? If you're able to GPS tracking your movements, how do you know you're on the right path? You need to be your own GPS. You need to be on speedometer. Make sure you're going in the right direction at the right speed. And the only way to do that is to track it. Right your goals down and plan them out. People tell me, oh yeah, how these goals. And I asked them about the goals and say, what do you have a plan? And it was like, oh, I got a plan and you have deadlines for every step. And they'll say, no, oh man, oh man, you fuck enough. One of the reasons why I was important to write your goals down. Like physically write them down. There was a study done by this dude named Gale Matthews. And he's a psychology professor at Dominican University. The McKin University is not a college where they study Huka, Mangu, you can major in chant clay to throw away. The thing you read is the college in California. And he did study and found that people who write their goals down are 42% more likely to accomplish them. Here's a link to the study. All right, Dominican University of California. All right. And you can take the city out yourself, whatever you've got to attend. So 42% more likely to accomplish your goals. In fact, I rewrite my goals down every morning. I read that in a bunch of books. When I was younger, I just been doing it and it's worse for me. The victory vision planner. And this is what it looks like to actually plan out your goals. All right. So if you go to the victory, the victory vision planner, you Dallas and Dostan and sampling. And he's, it's called the ambition planner. Here's how I work and then you do it. All right. In the victory vision planner, you have these, you can make these columns. So each one of these should be one of your goals. And this, this is dummy data, right? But the goal, okay, this goal goal, he wants to make a hundred, uh, Cape Remarket revenue. He wants a hundred, okay, you two subscribers. He was a new Lamborghini and he was a loose 10 pounds of fat. Each one of these cards is a step in the plan. The beauty of this is you can set a, you can set the deadline for the plan. So for this, this dude is supposed to conduct his, let's say this is one of the goals. He was the star's YouTube channel. He needs to research his niche, right? It's improgracy and did he get the goal September. I made this one one time with the template on time. Go, let's move it. And let's say, all right, man, he needs to have that done by the six of March. Boom. Now we have deadline for every step where he needs to create a content calendar. He put a deadline for that step. Then he's to have been on the, the third, right? And then what we can do is we can go in here. We can add stuff to the car, right? Anything we need, right? A plan now different content types. As moved as they. Now we have a deadline. This gives us a game plan for trying to accomplish. Right? And if we once with your right more stuff that is we see is not starting yet. Sorry, no problem. Right? And then we can keep track of it. Is it done? What's not started? What's in progress? And this guy wants to get a new Lamborghini, right? Establish post purchase finance in plan. Let's say, oh, that's the first time progress. Let's just move it to socket. So you guys, let's say it's supposed to happen this week, right? And let's say he already started this in progress. Right? It's sure it's in registration. Let's say that's supposed to happen like later on. They're on the month. Boom. We can see everything that's in progress and everything's going. We can plan everything, right? Then we can go to this and you can see all your cards, all your, your steps for every goal. When you hit on the progress tab. And you can see what's not started, what's in progress and what's done. Right? This out. This is what you have a game plan. And you can look at it by this month. What needs to happen this month. And you can see what these have been this week. Right? If if I had stuff for this week, it'd be on here. Right? Let me put some stuff on this week just so you can see it. Right? So this week, this guy needs to do this part. Boom. He needs to do. I'm just doing a random right now. Just so you can see. All right. Let's go to now. Now we go to this week. Now we can see everything that has to happen this week for him to hit all his goals. Right? And if we missed those, then we can change. Did we just move the date? It's totally cool. And you can see the progress for all your goals. Where at what's in progress was going? All your goals. You can see all of them. But you can also, you, let's say you hit on, you put it on this month. All right. These are things I got to do this month. Now you put these in your calendar. When you're going to do them, not to do days, but when you're going to do them. And once you're going to calendar, then you just start following your calendar and you'll accomplish it. Right? Right? This is, you got to have set, not only write your goals down, set them, but you need to have deadlines for every step. And you'll be able to, and this is the way you can like track your progress. This is, this is going to serve as your GPS. You hit this progress tab. And you can see how close you are to accomplish your goals. How far away you are. Right? And from honest man, I look at this once a week. This is dummy data in this one. But I look at this once a week. I got it all planned out. Look at my progress. See what's is. I'll see what has to happen this month. And then I put everything that he do this month in my calendar. Not when it's due, but when I'm going to do it. When I'm going to do it. Right? So let's say this meeting takes two hours. I plan the two hour block in my, in my calendar. Same thing with everything that has to happen this week. The best way to plan goals. Honestly, the Vickory Vision Planner links description. If you want to get this, it's totally free. You know, it's just a notion template that I made for you guys. And there's a video here. There's a video in here on how to use it. There's a little video I have here. I don't know how to use it. You know, our, quote, plan every hour of every day. If you look at my calendar, there's no white space. His whole thing is it's playing out. My life is choreographed every hour of every day. And the reason I do it is because I can get more done in less time. Right? I'm super productive now. I'm not trying to spend enough time with my son. I'm not trying to spend time with my girlfriend on my family. I know that it was going to happen. I'm not trying to get to the gym or trying to find time to get the gym. No, I know exactly. I have everyone going to sleep when I'm awake up. It's the number one hack. And I started doing this before I had money, man. And this is why I have money. Because when I first started, I had multiple jobs. It was during the recession, oh, eight, ran through my father killed himself. I had to think of it a family, but it was also a fucking global recession. Right? And I couldn't get it job. You know how to call this a green. Nobody was hiring a fed. We had record unemployment. But one thing I, if you down to do labor, you can always find some work. So I used to wake up at 4 AM and I would train people. I'll take the train from Queens. The Harlem train people at the newest post-up on 145. And then I would shower there, take the train down to solo. And I would work at security guard in front of the protest store, fucking eight hours. And then after that, I would work for my boys moving company. You know, in the weekends, I woke up early train people and then I managed a restaurant, the story of Queens on a snowy street. But during that time, I was still working on building my business trying to figure it out. Felt time to work out. Still got enough sleep. Why? Because I planned every hour every day in my account. I knew exactly what I lived with the day was choreograph. So even now, I know exactly what I'm going to wake up tomorrow. And the whole day is choreographed. I have a whole video on how to plan the account. Let me just go watch that now because it's going to really break down the perfect time management. It's going to really break down time management in a way that will skyrocket just success. If you take nothing from me, start planning every hour of every day. 90 days from now. Everyone around you will wonder what happened to you. How you accomplish so much this little time. You do this in the next 90 days. I promise you, you will accomplish more in those 90 days and you did the prior year before. Promise you because you'll be able to squeeze more success out of each day. Go watch that video now and learn how to accomplish your goals. Let's get it.

=== FILE: NOT reading this book Might be the reason you are still POOR [Gn646P50XgQ].txt ===

I want to talk to you about one of my favorite books. By one of my favorite people, one of my idols, one of my role models, someone I look up to. The big homie, Ray Dalio, Ray Dalio, wrote a book called Principles. And it's basically half out of biographer and half ideas and principles that have helped him become one of the richest men in the world and to grow the largest, the largest hedge fund of all time, rich water capital. Yeah, I read this book shortly after he came out. Like so much about it again in 2020, I want to break down you some of my main takeaways. And I think they would, they can potentially benefit you. Now, I do suggest you read the book, click the link and buy it because it's a fantastic read. It's broken down into a few different parts. So in the beginning part one, Ray is talking about his life and how he became a ball and ass shot calling ass. My fucking coming one of the richest men of all time and really, I'm building the largest hedge fund ever. He talked about how he lost all his money. Man, this motherfucker had win broke. They had to lay off all his employees and he had the borrow money from his father-in-law to fucking survive for a few months. He went like so broke because he made a big bet on a stock market crash that didn't happen. There's a lot of lessons learned from that. Just imagine that some of you guys are scared to start a website business or spend a thousand dollars on something and this motherfucker lost a few building and had to go to his mama's daddy for some money. That's why I privilege right there. I wonder what happened if I started struggling and I asked my girl's dad for some money. My favorite part is part two of the book where he talks about his life principles. One of the main things is what he called his five-step process. It looks kinda like this. It looked kinda like, mmm. That's good enough. You said what he called all-dacious goals. Are we in a regular goals? I'm gonna live another year. No man. All-dacious goals. I really go for something. That's step one of his five-step process. Follow by. Follow by and it's funny he mentioned this right? Failure. A lot of times people are afraid of failure but where Ray talks about is actually embracing and expecting it as actually part of the process. I mean, so many people who are scared to start a business or scared to do something new or scared to talk to a girl or scared to make post a YouTube video or whatever. They're afraid of failure. You need that failure. It's actually part of the process. Because once you have that failure, then you reflect. Which is part of the learning process. The learning process. I mean, you have to reflect on why you fucked up. Learning the principle. And that's when you reflect on your failure. Then after that step three is improving. You set a goal. You encounter some failures. Maybe some setback. Which is part of the process. Nothing to be scared of. It is actually part of it. Learn from that shit. Then you improve. Then you set more audacious goals. And that's the five-step process. Because according to rain, it should always be doing that. By rolling up. But you gotta keep going through the process. No matter what the fuck you got going on. I just found this super helpful. Because it allowed me not to fear the failure part of it. Because now I understand, oh, this is actually part of the process. You have to encounter failure. You have to encounter subjects. You have to encounter trials and tribulations. And now I kind of be expected. After reading this book, one of the takeaways is, I never expected things to just go easy or things to work the first time I do. I know that I'm encounter some setbacks. But then once you learn from that, that's the only way you can improve. And then after you improve, it can start setting bigger goals. And it's really my favorite part of the book. And Ray went on to talk about his failures. So when he lost all of his motherfucking money and acts that add to us, his daddy and law, for some bread, he said, had not been from what he learned from those failures. He wouldn't have been able to build the biggest largest hedge fund of all time. But it never stops. You're gonna set more goals and you're gonna fail again. You're gonna set for the other game. I'm actually failing all the time. Like I make mistakes. I have setbacks all the time. I had something to do. Right? But I learned from those. I'm in the improving process of the failures I had today. And it's like that would everything. And if you just keep that in mind, it takes away the fear. So if you're scared of failure, just know hey man. Oh, you're supposed to fail, bro. It's not supposed to be easy. You're not gonna set up a big ass goal and just expect it to go easy, man. NASA had fucking spaceships blow up and then explode and it gives a diety shit. But now we send them a fuck as to the moon. They had to learn from those failures. It's like that with everything. It's all this one clip of this girl. She went a beauty pageant in her state. I forget what she stayed. And she tried like 20 times or something. She kept failing over and over again. But then she went back to the drum bar, kept improving. She eventually went and became a misamerica. Had she just gave up after the first time. Instead of learning and trying again, she's never been misamerica. I talk to people all the time and they say, oh yeah man, I tried them. Like how many times you tried? I want to twice. I'm like, well fuck it. It's not enough. To get data, you should be excited to fail. According to the Ray Dalio, it's part of the process. Michael Jordan, he kept going to the NBA playoffs and he can be beat by the Detroit Pistons. It's called the bad boy twist Pistons. He lost some twice in a row. Pistons won a championship. After the second time, he said, man, I'm sick of this shit. And he realized that the way they played basketball, but they were really like, be fucking them up, real physical game and Jordan was skinny at the time. And when he realized after those failures is, oh man, I need to get stronger. And what he do he improved, he hired Tim Grover to be his coach. He put on a bunch of muscle, got stronger, next you know boom, six championships. Right? It was part of the process. Those Detroit Pistons made Michael Jordan. Like, if he wouldn't have been as tough head in that bin for them, you need that process. You know, there's other stuff about the book that's really good, but this is my favorite part. Honestly, I highly suggest you read it. Ray has some other books, but that's the best one. That's the best one. It's one of my favorite books of all time. So that I come back to every time I'm in this zone, I think you know what now and now and now when you lose, when you lose, don't lose the lesson. And you learn the lesson and then you improve and you get back after it and it says some more goals. Have his all the time, it's supposed to happen. You're supposed to fail, you're supposed to get knocked down and you get back up and get after it. Check the book out.

=== FILE: Nobody Talks About This ChatGPT Superpower! [TKpAFJIs3t0].txt ===

We all know that AI is changing the world. It's changing the game. And you can use the alert things. You can use it to get information. But what people don't understand, it can also make learning fun. So I want to show you this new way I've been using artificial intelligence to learn new things, but in a fun and exciting way. So what you want to do is you want to get the Chaggpt app, pay for the premium shit, and you can talk to this woman. So check this out. Explain to me how recession starts. Recessions usually start due to a combination of factors that disrupt economic growth. One key trigger can be a decline in consumer confidence, meaning people to spend less. This reduction in spending causes businesses to earn less, which can lead to layoffs and further decreases in spending. Additionally, high interest rates can make borrowing more expensive, dampening investment and spending. External shocks, like a sudden spike in oil prices or a financial crisis, can also play a role. All of these factors together can create a downward economic spiral, leading to a recession. All right. So that's one thing. So she just, she just broke this down to me, but let's say you didn't really fully understand what you can do is, is do it. Explain it to me like I'm a five year old. Okay. Imagine you have a big box of toys. One day, you don't feel like playing with your toys anymore. So you stop. Then your friends see you not play, and they stop playing too. The toy store nearby notices that no one's buying toys anymore. So they make fewer toys. This makes the toy makers sad because they're not selling as many toys. When everyone stops playing, it makes the whole toy world slow down and get a little sad. And that's kind of like a recession. You can have a explain something and have a explain it like a five year old. You can change the voice on Chetched PT. I got a white woman, but you can change the voice, let me show you. Explain it to me in the voice of the rapper D-MX. A yo listen up. Imagine the economies of big party, right? Everybody's dancing, having a good time. Then the DJ drops a bad track and people start leaving the floor. The vibe goes down and folks stop buying drinks. The bartender eight selling, the party planners ain't happy. That's how a recession hits dog. The whole place starts slowing down because the groove is right no more. You feel me? See, it makes learning fun. Check this out. Explain it to me in the voice of black Panther. My friend, envision our economy as the mighty kingdom of Wakanda, thriving and prosperous. One day, the flow of vibranium, the lifeblood of our nation begins to wane. Are people sensing this, reduce their endeavors, their innovations slow, and the marketplace falls quiet, the artisans and merchants, their heartbeat of our land, find their work diminished. This is the essence of a recession. Wakanda pausing, it strengthens temporarily subdued. You see, I've made it makes learning fun. Let's do it again. Explain it to me in the voice of an old southern black woman. Well, sugar, picture this. Our economy is like a big old family gathering. Everyone's laughing, eating and sharing stories. Then suddenly, the food starts running low. There. Folks see this and stop eating so much. Duran is safe some for later. But when they do, the whole mood of the party changes. The cooking slows down. The laugh and quiet, and the whole get together loses its sparkle. That's what a recession is, Dallin. A time when the good times pause. And we all got a whole dump on a little tired. Ha ha ha ha ha. You see, it makes learning fun. You can learn whatever you want. If we do it in a fun way, we'll take it out. Explain it to me in the voice of Sophia Vragara. Okay, picture the economy like a big fear snap. With everyone dancing and having a great time. But the music starts to slow down. Yeah. People get tired and they stop dancing. Hmm. They don't buy as many trees or food. And the party starts to face all out. The people who make the food and the drinks, they don't sell as much. And they start to worry too. That's like a recession. When the economy slows down, and everyone has to wait for the music to pick up again. Hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What the party people better. See, you can learn any that you want to learn some. To have chat GPT explained it to you. Then tell it to explain it like a five year old, right? Simple terms. Then have it to you if a favorite character is a historical figure. Explain it to me in the voice of Chris Rock. All right. Imagine the economy is like a comedy show, right? Everybody's laughing. Have it a good time. Then the comedian tells a bad joke. The audience gets quiet. Real quiet. They stop by and drinks. The vibe goes down. And the whole place starts to bomb. The bartenders, the weight staff. They're all suffering because nobody's haven't fun anymore. That's a recession for you. When the jokes don't land, and everybody's left wondering why they even showed up. Explain it to me in the voice of Donald Trump. Let me tell you. Okay. Our economy is like a tremendous business. The best business. Everybody's making deals. Things are booming. But then some bad decisions are made. Very bad. And suddenly people aren't spending. The deal slow down. Business is not a struggle. And it's a total disaster. That's a recession, folks. But don't worry, we can make the economy great again. But leave me. Like a Cuban, the town of Trump. Let's lean into that a little bit more. Explain it to me like a Cuban version of Donald Trump. Me, that's equal. The economy, it's like a big Cuban business. Mentienda. Everybody's trading doing deals making money. But then somebody makes a wrong move. A very bad decision. And people stop spending their pesos. Yeah. The deals get slow. The business is struggle. And it's a tremendous problem. That recession, me, Armado. We can fix it. We make it better again. Like a good cafe seed when they're morning. Better that? Explain it to me in the voice of Andrew Tate. Listen up, because I'm only going to say this once. The economy. It's like a high stakes poker games. When everyone's confident, the bets are high. And the game is intense. But when players start doubting, they pull back, fold, and the game slows down. The weak players get knocked out. And only the strong survive. That's a recession, me. You either play it smart, adapt, and dominate. For you get wiped out. Yeah. There's no room for the weak. Stay strong. Stay ahead. Or get left behind. Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. This is a one method to use ChadGBT. It's a learn things, but you can learn it in a fun way. We can do this with other things. Like, for example. Explain inflation to me like I'm a five year old. All right. Imagine you have a basket of your favorite candies. One day, you notice you're getting fewer candies for the same amount of money. That's like inflation. It means your money doesn't buy as much as it used to. So, when there's inflation, it's like needing more money to get the same amount of candy. Explain it to me in the voice of Jackie Chan. Okay. Imagine you'll be in a big fight scene. And the price of everything around you is going up up up. That's inflation. You have to use more and more money to get the same things you used to. So, like in my movies, you have to be quick and smart to handle it. Hmm. Handmade. Explain it to me in a voice of bet me. Inflation is like a villain creeping through guff. Making everything more expensive. Your money doesn't stretch as far. Making it harder to fight the forces of an economic evil. But with the right tools and a sharp mind, we can overcome it and bring balance back to the city. This is really going to hurt my ego if she doesn't do it. Explain it in the voice of popular YouTuber Brandon Carter. Yo, what's up? It's your boy Brandon Carter and today we're talking inflation. Think of it like this. You got your stack of cash, right? But suddenly, that cashier. The buying as much as it used to. That's inflation, man. Price is going up. Value of your money going down. But don't worry. We stay grind in, we stay haphlan, and we overcome that struggle. Let's get it. Sounds about right. Okay, little striding in. Let's see how accurate this ho is. Have Brandon Carter, the famous YouTuber, explained to me what I should do if my girlfriend cheats on me. Brandon Carter, known for his direct and no nonsense approach, would like the advice focusing on self improvement and moving on. He might say something like, it's she cheats, it's her loss. You deserve someone who values and respects you. Hit the gym, work on your goals, become the best version of yourself. Remember, success is the best revenge. It's all about taking control of your own life and not letting someone else's actions define your work. It's pretty spot all. Read that to me as if Brandon Carter was actually saying it to me. Give me more encouragement. Imagine Brandon Carter saying, bro, if she cheats, that's on her. You're a high value man and you deserve someone who recognizes that. Use this as fuel to level up. Hit the gym, crush your goals and show the world what they're missing. Remember, kings don't chase. I never said that when I'm going to start saying that. Cheat GPT just outbrain and Carter's Brandon Carter. That's exactly what I would have said but better. This bitch better at being me than being me. That's the thing. Sometimes this bitch will tell you she can't imitate people after she's imitated people for a fucking an hour. She just imitated me. You can't say like this how you can use Cheat GPT, man. This is what I recommend. If you want to learn something, have her explain it to you in the voice of someone you admire. Whether it's Batman, Andrew Tate, Brandon Carter, whoever your heroes are. But yo, you was Cheat GPT. We just found out that you can use Cheat GPT to get advice from your favorite celebrities. Explain the difference between macro and micro economics in the voice of Walter from fresh and fit podcasts. Alright, let's break it down. In the world of economics, you got two main players, macro economics and micro economics. Now macro, that's the big picture. We're talking national and global economies. Micro economics on the flip side, zooms in. It looks like individual actors, people, businesses, industries, how do they make decisions? What affects their choices? It's like getting down to street level to see what's really going on in the economy. It's not their crucial, but they tackle the game from different angles. Keep that in mind, and you'll be ahead of the curve. Explain it to me in the voice of rapper, re-unitress. Alright, listen up. Macro economics is the big dog dealing with whole economies. Think of it as the grand hustle, cover in GDP, unemployment and inflation across the nation. It's like watching the whole rap game from the top. Now micro economics, that's the street new baby. It breaks it down to individual players, people, businesses, and industries, how they make choices, how they stack in their people at what they span is all about the grind from the ground up. Both are crucial in the game of economics, just like beats and rhymes. Keep it smooth, and you'll be rolling like a boss. Explain it to me in the voice of comedian Theo Valla. Alright, check it out. Macro economics is like when you're looking at the whole forest, right? You got all these trees, and you're trying to figure out how they all rode together. It's big stuff. National economies, unemployment, inflation is like how the whole gang doing. Now micro economics, that's like zooming in on one of the entries. You want to know why this one's growing sideways, or how come that one ain't growing at all? It's the little details, like people and businesses making decisions. It's like why's Kez and Jimmy spending all his money on crypto instead of paying his electric van? Jimmy. So you got the big forest and a little tree. Both telling you something about the world of economics, man. It's wild. Yeah. So here's the thing. You can learn stuff from Chatchee PT in the voice of your favorite celebrity or historical figure, or you can exit for advice in the voice of your favorite YouTuber Brandon Carter. Anytime you want some advice, you can't get to me. I'm not there for you. Chatchee PT really gave you some spot on advice, man. If I was you, I'd run all your questions. Just ask Chatchee PT, what will Brandon Carter do? It sounds like she's going to give you some pretty accurate advice. But if you want advice right from Brandon Carter, I got a free ebook on how to start your online fitness business, the link is in the description. Go ahead and download that now.

=== FILE: P Diddy Indictment EXPOSED [mZB2uL2gG7k].txt ===

1000 bottles of baby oil and lube. This is one of the reasons why he's denied bail. He probably could have just had sex with him like, consensually, his dude is going to jail. About a year ago, things were a lot different for Sean P. Diddy Cones. He had just received the lifetime achievement award at MTV's Video Music Awards. He also had just received the key to New York City. He was riding around with the key hanging out at the window of his car. He seemed to be on top of the world. What did different severe makes? He has recently been indicted. About a federal government. He's been indicted by a grand jury. The charges include, but are not limited to, racketeering, conspiracy, sex trafficking, fraud, kidnapping, obstruction of justice, and arson, multiple counts of arson. He's alleged of a pattern, a verbal emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. This should read like a supervillain. They needed Batman to stop this motherfucking. And we're going to get into why. Let's read what the feds had to say. This is the indictment. United States, Southern District on New York, verse, Sean Cones, AKA Bob Daddy, AKA P-D-D, AKA D-D, AKA P-D, AKA Love. Alright, enough. Let's read through the indictment. So, for decades, Sean Cones, the defendant abused, threatened, called herst women, and others around him, to fulfill his sexual desires. Protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct. To do so, Cones relied on the employees, resources, and influence of the multifaceted business empire that he led, controlled and created. A criminal enterprise, whose members and associated, engaged and attempted to engage in, among other crimes, sex trafficking, forced labor, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice. Here's the thing that's important to know about this case. Throughout the indictment, they talk about how his employees helped him, commit all these crimes. It wasn't just one man going around, committing all these crimes. Like, he uses employees. And this is going to be very important, because what I believe, this is going to turn into, is what's called a RICO case. A RICO case is our pretty much reserved for, like the mob gains. That's why they keep calling it a criminal enterprise. And when the feds, come at people with RICO cases, they have like a 90% conviction rate. This had to get like my boss's in, and game members. What they're saying is he used his employees to do it. So this is a criminal enterprise, based around, this is who getting super freaky. So Cones manipulated women to participate in highly orchestrated performances of sexual activity with male commercial sex workers. Tell me, I don't know what kind of sick, what fucking you got to be. The higher a male prostitute, I didn't even know those things were real. I thought that she was like a myth. It's one thing to try to get women, try to have sex women. It's another thing to try to get women that have sex women, male bra's. Like this is just a weird and weirder. At times, Cones and others acting at his direction. This is very important as a pertain to the RICO case. Made arrangements for women and commercial sex workers to fly to Lowe Cones location. Cones ensured participation from the women by among other things, obtaining and distributing narcotics to them, controlling their careers, leveraging his financial support and threading the cut them off using intimidation in violence. Jesus Christ, some worship that I found interesting in this. Cones assaulted women by among other things, striking, punching, dragging, throwing objects and kicking them. This is kind of like what we saw in Cassie's video. When he was doing him smash bros moves on her in the hotel room, these assaults were at times witnessed by others including one instance in Los Angeles Hotel in or about March 2016. So that's the video. This is important. Love the defendant used Cones businesses, including certain employees to carry out facilitate and cover up the abuse and commercial sex. That's important. He uses employees. This is going to be a RICO case. They're not just using them for the R word, they're not just using it for some sort of sexual assault. They're saying that he ran a criminal enterprise. This is going to be a RICO case, racketeering. It actually says so in the indictment. Members and associates of Cones enterprise are going to keep saying at every time, right, this how you know they're going to get them on his RICO charts engaged and intended to engage in among other activity, sex trafficking for slavery. In their state transportation for the purposes of prostitution, this is important. In their state transportation. This is why it's a federal charge. Because to get a RICO state, to get a RICO charge, you have to be doing shit. State the state. Otherwise it would just be New York state. But the feds to get involved, you got to be doing shit nationwide. You got to cross state lines with it. And it's very important for the prosecution to actually put this kind of shit in the indictment so they can get the RICO charge going. Like this language was made in a particular way. In their state transportation for the purposes of prostitution, coercion, engaging in prostitution, narcotic offenses, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice. Jesus Christ. They don't get this brother. Check this out. This is why it's in red. The Cones enterprise, not just diddy, the Cones enterprise, constituted an ongoing organization whose members function as a continuing unit. For the common purpose of achieving the objectives of the Cones enterprises, the Cones enterprises was engaged in. And its activities affected inner state and foreign commerce. You see what they're doing. This is a RICO case. This is going to be a racketeering charge. Most racketeering shit is like people moving. Don't state the state. This is going to be a sex trafficking racketeering charge. So then not just going to get him a sex trafficking, they're going to get him as he's running a gang or a mob. Like this, that's like mafia shit. This dude is going to jail. Cones and other members in the society is to the Cones enterprise, wielded the power and prestige of Cones role at the Cones business to intimidate threatened and elure female victims into Cones orbit, often under the pretenses of romantic relationship. This was so crazy about like some of these like crazy guys. It's like under the pretence of a romantic relationship. So it's like they thought they were going to like fuck with Ditty and they were down. That means that they were down to fuck with Ditty. But they wasn't down to fuck with what fucking prostitutes and get drugged and all the other shit. But once they got bored there, Cones then use force, threats of force and coercion cohere. I can't pronounce that word right. Don't fucking. Two calls victims to engage in extended sex acts with male commercial sex workers. I didn't even know that was a real thing. I didn't know those mufflers were really existed. I thought it was like Sasquash or bigfoot. I did not know that these mufflers were real things. You know what I'm saying? But they apparently they exist. With male commercial sex workers that comes referred to as among other things, freak offs. You understand how fucking crazy this is? Imagine. Imagine. One of your boys say, yo man, this is a girl I've been talking to. I think she likes me. I'm a brainer here because she thinks we're going to have a romance relationship. Kind of the right you said right here. I'm just a pretensive romance relationship. But when she get here instead of us doing our romance thing, I'm going to force her to fuck some other niggas. Who I also pay the fuck. That's insane. That's like really insane. It's all alleged, right? But if any of this is true, it's fucking crazy. Like just really imagine it. Your boy gap man is girl I think she kind of likes me. I'm a force or the fuck a male prostitute though. Some people just got problems man. That's like that Bill Cosby shit. Because you know Bill Cosby he was drugging those chicks. But what you got to remember is those chicks came over to Bill Cosby's crib. At night to kick you with them and then drink. He probably could have just had sex with them like, consensually. He was fucking more time millionaire. Famous Bill Cosby. You know back in the days man. He was like the most famous black man in America. He was rich and chicks came over to kick you with him at night and drink. But he said man, she could. I know she'll give me the pussy. But our rather take. That's when he was thinking. He said instead of getting the pussy he rather take it. Yeah. That's fucking insane. Anyway, freakoffs. Freakoffs were elaborate and produced sexual performances that combes arranged, directed, masturbated during and often electronically recorded. I should be laughing because it is victims. I just imagine when your boy tells you man. Yeah this girl likes me man. I'm a flyer. I'm a flyer out. I ain't gonna fuck her out. He tells you he ain't gonna fuck her. He tells you he's gonna. He's gonna hire some male prostitutes to fuck her. And masturbate to it. What kind of crazy shit is that? That didn't say allegedly. I definitely don't want the combs in her prize coming after me. I don't want none to do with the combs in her prize. All right. You know, in a rage in these freakoffs, combs with assistance of members and associates of the combs in her prize. I'm telling you they keep throwing this in here because they're really gonna get them on racketeering charges. And I'm telling you man, when they go after you for that, transport it, that's important to them. Calls to be transported, commercial sex workers across state lines and internationally. This is like this kind of senses, this shit that they're adding, that you notice is that they're really trying to make this a or equal case. It's not just gonna be a sexual assault or arson. It's like, now this is a criminal enterprise. You're saying it, you know, it's as employees it this shit. And they were doing this state to state sometimes in other countries. Freakoffs occurred regularly. Sometimes lasted days and involved multiple commercial sex workers. You get that so crazy way to say prostitute, commercial sex workers. Like are there non commercial sex workers? Are both because sex working for the love? I think those are just people. If you have sex in nagging and pain, I think you just like a human being, but whatever, you know what I mean? Or we act, oh yeah, commercial sex workers. During freakoffs, combs distributed a variety of control of control substances to victims. In part, they keep the victims obedient and compliant. Sometimes unbeknownst to the victim. That's why that's that bill cause we shit. Combs kept videos he filmed of the victims engaging in sex acts with commercial sex workers. They're gonna keep throwing that in man. This wasn't just the homies who wanted those. I'm plus right, these were like these were guys. He paid to have sex with these women. It's crazy. In saying anyway, after freakoffs, combs and the victims typically receive IV fluids to recover from the physical exertion and drug use. You have, listen, I don't know about show, but I never had a so much sex I needed an IV. I never, man. Never, but those these are the sex parties. This is insane. Imagine that's how hard they were going. They needed pharmaceutical interventions after that shit. Cause they were fucking for days. Fucking and taking drugs for days. So much they needed IVs. This is wow. Now here's the thing, remember. The United States government has like, especially on real charges. They have like a 90% conviction rate. Remember in March, they ramps act as homes, collected out of evidence, got on a video's issue. They wouldn't have put that shit in the indictment. If they didn't have evidence of this shit, the feds do not bring shit to trial. Unless they have evidence. Unless they're fucking sure they're gonna get a big conviction. Especially a high profile case. This is different, man. This is different. Especially with Rico, you know, state the state shit. Members in the associate's against again, they keep putting in it. Members of associates of the co-m's enterprises. They facilitate the freak offs by among other things, booking hotels, for the freak offs, stocking the hotel rooms in advance, with required freak offs to plies. Hold up. Required freak offs to the plies. That might be the fucking nasty as senses of her all year. Stocking the hotel room in advance with required freak offs to plies. Including control subsense, baby oil. We're gonna get to that later. Lubricrant, Lubricant, extra linens. Ehhhhh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And lighting. I guess you gotta set them move. You can use regular life for a freak off. Cleaning the hotels after a freak off to try to mitigate room damage. Hold up. Every hotel I ever been. I left that shit fucked up. I never thought about cleaning a hotel room. That's why I don't do Airbnb's. They'd be having rules that you wanted you to make the shit nice. Nah, man, my hotel room is gonna look fucked up. In fact, there was one year while I lived in a hotel. Yeah, I was homeless for one year. I lived in different hotels in man. Because I traveled so much. I was going every week. I was taking, I took like a hundred flights a year. And you know, I was in between homes and I said, well, instead of just getting the fucking place, I put my shit in storage. And I just fucking lived in different hotels. Anyway, it was dope. But one of the reasons I did that, I didn't have the clean shit. No matter how fucked up the place was, when I left, I come back and it was clean. These motherfuckers fucked it up so bad during a freak off that they had the clean before the fucking clean and crew came. Gross. It probably like Spider-Man was in that motherfucker. What a clean, they gave room damage. A ranging travel for victims, commercial sex workers, and combs, two and from the freak offs, reimbursing combs with required supplies, delivering large sums of cash to combs to pay the commercial sex workers, and scheduling deliveries of IV fluid. In or about March 2024, during searches of combs' residents, this one named Ramsex, this crib, in Miami, Florida, and Los Angeles, California, law enforcement sees various freak off supplies, various freak off supplies, including narcotics, and more than 1,000 bottles of baby oil and lube. To people online, when I before I read the actual indictment, they just said 1,000 bottles of baby oil. They did not mention that it was that thousand bottles of baby oil and lube are getting. It was a fucking thousand bottles of baby oil and lube. Listen, after this, they should make it law. Any nicknick. With over five bottles of lube needs to be indicted immediately. We need to look every nicknick. Like you're gonna be put on a list. If you buy more than five bottles of lube, man, you need to be put on some fucking government list. They need to start keeping this shit from behind the counter now. You know what you buy? Like Adville, Colton, Sinus. You got to show them your ID at the farms. So they make sure you not am a fucking math maker. Make sure you ain't about to go breaking bad. They gonna start doing that shit with lube now, man. Behind the farms is take your ID to make sure you ain't a deadler. During, and separate from freakoffs, comes among other things, hit kick through objects and drag victims at times by the hair. These assaults often result in the injuries that took days to heal. Colm also threatened the victims, careers, and livelihoods, including if they resisted participating in freakoffs. He was terrorizing holes, but remember, these were male-processors mostly, I think. I'm sorry, now prostitutes. Commercial sex workers. He didn't have to threaten them, man. He just paid. On more than one occasion, Colm's himself, carried or ranish firearms to intimidate and threaten others, including victims and witnesses to his abuse. This is one of the reasons why he denied bail. He was ready to pay $50 million. You know how bad you got to not want to be in jail to put up $50 million. And they said, now, $50 million. We still, we're not giving this motherfucker bail at all, man. This is a fucking super villain. We're not just gonna let him out at Arkham. They gotta hold this motherfucker down. In or about March, during searches of Colm's residents in Miami, Florida and Los Angeles, law enforcement sees firearms, ammunition, including three AR-15's, the face serial numbers, as well as drum magazine. All right, well, that's just normal Miami shit. That's normal Florida shit. Who don't guys separate AR-15's, right? Members and associates of Colm's enterprises, enable Colm's to get shows victims by following his directions, regarding financial payments to the victims, advancing or suppressing victims career, man, this motherfucker's a super villain, when employees witness his abuse, or others threatening his authority, or reputation, Colm's members of the associates of the enterprise, engaged in acts of violence, threats of violence, threats of financial, and reputation of harm, and verbal abuse. These acts of violence included kidnapping and arson. In addition to multiple occasions, Colm's through both objects and people, as well as dragged, choked, and shoved others. Hold up. Colm's through both objects and people, have you ever thrown a person at a person? I've never seen a person get thrown at a person. Outside of smash bros, one of the fucking almost never get thrown by other people, like almost never. No one's ever thrown me. I've never seen a motherfucker get thrown outside of a delgeo, in real life. However, on multiple occasions, Colm's through objects and people, how strong is this motherfucker? I know why I said he was a super villain, but this is motherfucker of super human strength. He's throwing people at people. I've never thrown a people, and arson, we all heard about him. Blowing up kid cut his car, allegedly. But this ain't multiple, multiple times he out here blown with shit up. Here's the official racketeering and conspiracy charge. This is a reco charge, man. This is a reco case. They gonna get him, it is over. This is why they charge in more racketeering. They listen off some of the illegal activities. He did why he was out here, racketeering. Multiple acts involving kidnapping. Multiple acts of arson. And you gotta remember it, like for him, for them to call it racketeering, it wasn't just him popping the hood of someone's car in the middle of the night, wires should together. Nah, he was paying him, employees to do that. And multiple acts. We only knew about the kid cut his car blowing up. They'd say they have evidence of him doing that shit. Mad times. Multiple acts of bribery. Multiple acts of tapering witnesses, victims, or informants, multiple acts of, you know, tell me, forced labor, multiple acts of sex trafficking, multiple acts of transportation, including travel for the purposes of prostitution and other illegal sexual activities. This is why the kids get involved, because it's shit, but like from state to state. Multiple acts involving possession with intent to distribute. And they really get in this motherfucker, man. Remember they found a bunch of drugs that is crited. They said how many bottles of baby oil on the loo. They said how slippery it was. But they didn't say how many how much drugs they had in there. Yeah. And that's just the first count. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like it goes on. Here's count two sexual, uh, sexual trafficking fraud, transportation for engaged prostitution. This shit goes on and on. This is 14 paid indictment. Listen, if you got some times, if you feel like doing some little light reading, it's available for the public. But this is some real super villain shit. We didn't know when we was dancing to the bingements. We seen more money, more problems. We didn't know. I had to take victory. The song victory of my morning playlist. He was doing all this shit behind the scenes. He's like, you live in a double life. Yo, it's a rap. It'd be really difficult for me to believe that he's not gonna do some serious time. And if I was to make a prediction, I wouldn't make a prediction that he would take some sort of plea deal, so all this shit doesn't come out. Because if he takes his detrial, we're gonna see shit that happened on the video. We're gonna know everything that's on the videos. We're gonna know about all the evidence they have. I think he's gonna take some sort of plea deal. Unless, of course, he wants to clear his name, right? He's a prideful dude, man. I mean, to do all this wild shit, you gotta be crazy. And you can't predict crazy. So he might try to clear his name. But I think it's a rap, anyway, I actually have another video about how I think he went down his path. Because you don't start off on some super village shit that Joker didn't start off being the fucking Joker, man. He had to work his way up to that shit. And I kinda talk about how a lot of people go down these dark paths in a video. I think sometimes success can make you feel invincible. And that's how people start making mistakes. It's very interesting video. I went into the psychology of it. Go check it out right now.

=== FILE: Paris Olympics Mocking Christianity at the Opening Ceremony [N-nDsO0pLI4].txt ===

Alright, so we also, the open and ceremony of the Olympics. If you didn't watch it live, then you saw social media's reaction. People were pretty upset because they had an enlomenal peak. They were representing themselves, but they did the shit like the last supper or something. Is that how it would happen? Listen, I'm not on Olympic committee, but I would have advised against that. But I was demoted. Like, I think y'all can do something less blasphemous. How about we just leave a religion out of it and just focus on sports? That's what I wanted it. But the last King Keto's not in charge. So, they did that anyway. You know, now everybody's saying to be super surprised that France did some fruity. I'm not surprised they did some fruity. I'm surprised that they didn't do anything fruity. Like, this France, we talking about. Hey, didn't even bite! And it came through and said, you want the golden thing? You mean that the golden thing? We don't like the Jewish people anyway. They just gave it to them, right? That was super LGBTQ2. Right? They been on this shit. What they be in, baguettes, croissants, and you surprise they did some fruity. I think the part that was black was the whole last supper shit. I don't even know what that was supposed to mean. I don't know why they did that. I wanted to did that. I don't know if you know guys noticed. A lot of times religious people can be like a super enthusiastic bunch. And you know anything about history? You study the crusades. For people of super serious about their religion. Here's what I'm saying to you. They shouldn't have did that. That shit was found. It was stupid, morotic, even. I really believe that. Like, just even if you're not religious, you can probably look at that like any probably shouldn't have did that. Right? But here's what I want to say to you. Because a lot of people I know were super upset about it. And I get it. And they were having a fit man. They later ruined it. I'm boycotting the Olympics. I'm not watching it. I'm not doing nothing. And that's cool if you want. I saw the homie tape friend of the show. Big homie. You know, I know tape says 2018 before the bullguides man. He flew down the Paris and led a protest. You know what I'm saying? I guess it cool. All good. All y'all. I want to present to you an alternative perspective. I'm not saying anybody with anybody's doing this wrong. But you don't have to give a fuck about everything. No, seriously. You got a really thing about what should you give a fuck about? And is this one of them? Here's my criteria about shit I should give a fuck about. One does it affect me or my family? Two does it affect my income in any way? If the answer is no to those questions, I'm probably not going to give a fuck about it. You know what I'm saying? They I think it was whack. I don't think they should have did it. I like it. I definitely grew up Christian. I don't know if I'm Christian or not now. Maybe I'm not because I didn't get pissed enough about this. I don't know. Right. But you don't have to give a fuck. Because there's so much shit that goes on in the world. You can't give a fuck about everything. But your life improves when you stop giving a fuck about things that don't affect you and your family or your money. But if you focus on all of what some sad see fresh people are doing on another continent, that means you're not focused on you, your family and your income. I'm just telling you. I said something to that effect on Instagram. One of my followers he got super upset about this is that it does affect your family. And I was like, how exactly does the opening ceremony of the Olympics affect my family? I've been alive for 42 years. The opening ceremony of the Olympics has never affected my family. Like never. Now once how is this different? And they said, oh man, it's spreading demonic shit. I'm like, oh, y'all believe in the devil. Listen, if y'all believe in priestess, the word superstition, maybe I see your point. That's say Jesus ain't the big homey. I ain't saying that. But you're just how see Ryan Garcia. What do you say? He's just something like F France, F Paris, F the LGB, Eliminal, P. Why two K community? You know what I'm saying? And I'm like, oh man, I'm just not confident that that's opinion. Jesus would take, right? Jesus said, John 87. He was without sin cast a first song. Jesus was talking about forgiveness. Jesus was talking about somebody slaps your face, turn the other cheek. Didn't Jesus say that? Was it Jesus talking about forgiveness? I feel like that's all he was talking about. Now he did start fucking shit up in the church that one time. But we only got one instance of him spas it out. But most part, he was preaching that forgiveness man. He was preaching that tolerance. He was teaching that love when Jesus was on the cross. Being murdered. Jesus said, Luke 2334. Father forgive them. They know not what they do. While he was being murdered, I don't know if he would agree with some of the stuff that people were saying like the homey. Garcia, yeah, he said, burn and hell. T people, I don't want to say it. You're saying that over some sassy dudes playing dress up. But why Jesus was being murdered on the cross. He was saying father forgive them. Right? So I just feel like as Christians, it's okay to not like it. It's okay to voice your opinion if you want. But when it goes to burn and hell. Well, all that stuff, that's not what Jesus was on, man. Like that's not Christianity. That's not Christlight. You feel me, it's okay to not like it. And it's okay to have an opinion. But when you start hating people, Jesus said, turn the other cheek. Jesus said, he was without sin. Can't stop first stone. How the young is that? Jesus was being murdered. He was dying on a cross. And he said, father forgive them. They know now what they do. And y'all talking about hate these people, kill these people over some, some say that's the fridge guys playing dress up. I'm just saying that wasn't Jesus as messages. If you actually read the Bible, that'd be my problem sometimes when Christianity thinks, I don't know the Christian on those read the whole Bible, cover the cover. That doesn't wacky shit in there, I'm because especially the first half. I ain't go lie to you, man. What Jesus is like the words of Jesus killed them, that's like some of the religious to ever read. Matter we in the A.D. man, we turned into the other cheek. All that I for an I she that's old school man. That was Moses Solomon. He's in. We over here. We turned in cheeks, man. Right? He was thou sin. Cast the first stone over here. Now that's the new type. You know, father forgive them. They know not what they do. That's the kind of time we're on now, man. So when I hear all the hate coming for someone did some, you don't like. I just don't think that's what Jesus would do. I'm just being honest. I'm not saying you can't have it. I'm not saying you've got to like it. I'm not saying you can't protest. But when I hear the hate, that's when I'm like, I mean, Jesus just wasn't on that. He wasn't on that kind of time. You know what I'm saying? Like Jesus was literally not on that kind of time. Why he was being murdered. He said father forgive them. They know not what they do. So just keep that in mind. When you tell them the teeth, people would burn and hit it. Oh, it's like Jesus wasn't on that, man. When you say that shit, the Jesus managed to burn the hill, right? Jesus was probably looking at Jesus like, yo man, if you ain't sin, cast thou, Ryan, few ain't sin. I don't know. I'm not saying I like it. I'm not down with all that. I thought it was whack as well. However, father forgive me, no matter what they do. Y'all spasin out a little too hard for some sassy boys playing dress up. I'm gonna be honest with you.

=== FILE: Poor mans way to get rich. Not the easy way but it works [y3KK_KhgOR4].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna show you how you can get rich. And this is the real game. Oh, how to get rich. I'm not gonna sell you nothing. I'm not going to try to get you to join my webinar. No, shit, like that. This is 100% I'm gonna give you all the games. The reason I have to give it in this format, because this is nice and f***ing sick. Oh, it's not gonna be easy. You want an easy way to get rich. If you want to get rich, quick, skiing. You want to look somewhere else. Right? If you find it, though, let me know. Cause I've been looking for one of these motherf***ing for, what is it? 40 years now? And I haven't found one. But I've seen a lot of people get rich. I've got rich and this is exactly what I did. And I'm gonna break it all down for you step by step. Now, I'm assuming that you are a broke. And you started from nothing. I'm assuming that you don't have no skills, no money, no connections. Maybe even no degree. I'm assuming you ain't got shit. You're just a poor, bro, b***. Searching around the internet for ways to make money. And you found yourself here. If you've got any of those things, this is gonna be a little easier for you. If you don't got them, that's cool. This is the game plan. This is what I did and this is what you're gonna do. This is not easy, but it works. And it will work for everyone who does it. But almost none of y'all gonna do it because most people fucking suck. The average American only has a thousand thousand in a bank account in his 17 pounds overweight. Well, fucking fat losers. And they're fucking greatest country of all time. And during the greatest time to be alive. And the only reason they can stay alive is because we have a social safety net. That's most of y'all. First step, in getting rich, is you're gonna start working 80 hours a week. Let me explain this to average American. Makes somewhere around $60,000 a year. But according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, the average American only fucking works about 38 hours per week. So we're gonna fucking double that and you should be able to double your income. And when I say work 80 hours a week, if you got it, you're gonna get a second job. We're gonna start driving Uber or Uber Eats or doing deliveries or doing something. You shouldn't start in no business if you broke right now. You're just gonna fucking work. We're gonna trade time for money. Because one thing broke my fucking's hat is time. And you're gonna trade that for money. Initially, you're gonna just work as much as possible. Get jobs on a weekends, part time jobs. I wish I had the opportunities that you guys have now. It's 2007 right before the financial collapse of 2008. My father, he blew his brains out, shout himself in the head. And I had to take your whole family letters with nothing. It's set up a bunch of fucking debt and a bunch of motherfucking problems that now I have to solve. I'm the man in the family now. I'm only 24 years old at this time. Even though I had a degree, I couldn't get in a fucking job. I couldn't get a good job because nobody was hiring. We had record unemployment. Companies were going out of business. It was the worst recession since the great depression. Instead of being a fucking punk and crying, I know it was a recession. I just fucking worked. I wake it up at 4am. I was training people in the morning and I shouted at the gym or security at the proudest store for eight hours after that. I worked for a moving company right now. It was five days a week. And on the weekends, I woke up early, train people. And then I was the weekend manager of a barbecue restaurant. I did that shit between 12 and 14 hours a day, seven days a week or like two years because I refused to fucking be broke. And that's what you guys need to do. Right? If you're fucking broke and you ain't got no skills, no connection, no money. If you do got time, you need to invest all that time in the fucking coming up. The reason we want to start working more, normally they get in rich is you make more money than you spend and invest the difference. If you do that over a long enough period of time, you will get rich. For example, if you were to invest $2,000 every month, into an S&P 500, which has a annual return of around 10%. After 20 years, you'd have $1.3 million. Now, if you wanted to get that million in dollars faster, then you could have to either put in more money every month and or pick a vehicle that gives you a higher return. We'll talk about some different ways later in this video. First, you need to do before we even get there. You have to make more money you spend. So you're gonna be working 80 hours a week. So get doubling your work. You should be able to double your income. Or maybe even more. Because those two years that I was working 12, 14 hours a day, I made over a hundred grand every year. Working fucking those blue collarish ads jobs. You should be able to double your income. That key is to not raise your expenses. Now, I was not the time to start buying fucking diamonds and APs and shit. You still a broke boy. You just make it some money. We're trying to get some real fucking dope. So we're gonna be investing that money. But you have to make sure you do not increase your standard of living. If anything, we need to lower expenses. So the next step you have to do is start tracking every dollar you spend. If you watch videos from me from like fucking 10, 12 years ago, I used to talk about tracking every dollar I spend in mid to dot com. That shit went out of business. So now I use this shit called Monarch to track my expenses. They don't pay me no money to shout them out. It's just the best sacrifice. However, I will take the fucking money if you got damn nerds. I listen it. I then shouted you out. It's like 10 fucking videos now. Where I look at it, you motherfuckers owe me some motherfuckin money. And I'm gonna come collect. You'll start tracking every dollar you spend. You can hook up all your accounts to it, all your credit cards, all your debit cards. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna start tracking your spending. Make a game out of lower in it. So you want to cut all unnecessary spending. If you any subscriptions you have, you don't need motherfuckin Netflix. Xbox game pass fucking cornhub premium. Whatever the fuck you got going on, cast with that shit if you don't need it. We want to lower expenses. Now, check this out. We doubled our output. Or right now we're still only training fucking time for money. Remember the formula. This is the fucking baller formula. Make more money you spend and invest a difference. That is the baller formula. The next step is you have to save six months of expenses. Reason you want that motherfuckin safety net to deploy against the shit we bout to do. And it should only take like six months, fucking half a year. Hey, no time. It sounds like forever you, but hey, no time. It takes a baby longer than that to get born. So six months you should have enough savings to not upgrade your lifestyle motherfuckin. Don't buy no new shit. And in fact, you should be selling shit. After you have six months of savings, now it's time to start investing. You're gonna keep working 80 hours a week. And you're gonna use that extra income to invest in some sort of skill that can shift you from making money from your time, from making money for your results. This is gonna be either a job or a business that's results based instead of time based. Business you start is gonna be results based. But you can also get jobs that are results based. For example sales or something like that. If you're doing sales, you get paid commission. And that's results based because we need to get out of time for money. Cause when you change the time for money, there's a limit all how much money you can make cause there's only so many hours in each day. But results when I pay somebody for results, I don't really give a fuck how long it took them to get it. As long as I get it for example, Nima, he edits the videos. He's independent of contract. He got his own video production shit. And I'm like, yo, edit the videos. Help me. And then he starts explaining to me, Oh, so I'm gonna do it like a man. Stop, I don't care how it happens. Just edit it. I don't care if it takes some fucking five minutes or five days. As long as I get to shit and he's got other people doing shit, making thumbnails and I don't even know these nigits. And I don't wanna know. Hey, you edit this video. I hope we've never meet. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is not important to me, to report is the results. Name is he, because he's paid by results. I don't care if he does anything, as long as I get what I fucking need. You know what I'm saying? We're gonna move into some of this resource base. I'm assuming your goofy ass ain't have no fucking skills, connections, education. After you have six months of savings, you need to immediately start investing into your skill set, you know, sales, video editing, buying ads, encoding, or some shit. I'll fuck the same program, I'm gonna be doing that in 10 years. Maybe don't go there. The robots are coming for an acid first, but you can move into an industry either a job or a business where you can start exchanging results from money instead of time from money. My sales team, they pretty much work the same amount of hours. Some get paid more because they get better results. There's no fucking ceiling. How much money they can make because they just get paid by results. I was talking to them today. My sales team and I had them set their goals for how much money they wanted to make. I want to make $20,000. Another one said $30,000. I was like $40,000. I'm like, yeah. Yeah. I would love to pay you. My fuck is $40,000. I would love to pay you. I would love to pay you. I would love to pay you. If I'm able to pay them that much, that means they made a whole bunch more for the business. Sometimes a job that's resolved to the base is better than having your own business, depending on the person. If you have your own business, you have to do all the marketing. You're responsible for the product or service. You're responsible for the customer service. You're responsible for the sales. You're really responsible for everything. To have something like a sales job, you're only responsible for one thing. You have all the upside of entrepreneurship. Like my sales guys can pretty much make their own schedule and they can call their own shots. They can make this no cap on how much money they can make. But they only have to do one thing. I had to be in charge of all of this and that's what it's like for entrepreneurs. So you have those two pets. You can either move into a job as a resource base or you move into a business which is, you know, any entrepreneurial devil or as 100% resource base. You want to start investing in that skill set. That means courses. That means books. That means hiring mentors. For disclosure, I fucking mentor people. I feel people make a lot of money. I'm not trying to sell you the mentorship, right? I'm just trying to sell you the idea because I wouldn't be where I am without the mentor. Soon, this is what I was doing. You know, my first business was online training and I was like, fuck, I don't know how to do that. I had to learn video editing. So I had to buy courses on how to edit videos. I didn't have the money for a good computer at the time. So I had to, I had to, I had to fucking learn how to make computers. We didn't have click funnels in Shopify and all this shit back then. I think courses in classes on how to build websites. I had to build my first website. I was coding that shit with HTML. And then when I finally started making some progress, I actually hired mentors. One of my first mentors was a do-name, Elliott Holes. He was one of the first fitness YouTubers who wasn't a fucking dork to get to a million subscribers. He was fucking have black and from the hood. So I was like, I related to one. And I paid him the mentor me. Then I paid his business partner's mentor me too, right? So I'm a big believer in mentorship. It's short and it's your learning curve, right? Because experience is the best teacher, but it doesn't have to be your experience. So you want to start investing yourself. And you can do this as you start your business or as you start moving into the job. You still keep the other job. So you might be working fucking more than 80 hours a week. I was working 80-ish hours a week. Sometimes more. And my other jobs. While I was starting my business on a side. And you may be thinking, how the fuck did you do that? Did you sleep? Were you able to work out? I don't want to sacrifice my health. In order to have enough time to do all this shit, you're not going to sacrifice your health. You're going to sacrifice almost everything else. You're going to start really planning every hour of every day in the calendar. And I started doing this. And I was using Google Calendar. That's what I use now. Still to this day. I plan out every hour of every day. Most people waste way more time than they think. There's 168 hours in every week. You can still sleep eight hours a night. All right, that's 56 hours per week. You've still got 112 hours left. If you work 80 hours, still 32 hours fucking left. And I know, yeah, you got to use the bathroom. You got a fucking eat food and shit, man. But shut the fuck up, yeah. 32 hours. You can fucking make some progress. I know because I fucking did this shit, man. I'm not making this shit up. I promise you, if you start planning every hour of every day in your calendar, you will be amazed at how much extra time you have. And you really noticed how much time you wasted. We're going to start deploying that time against our goals. We're not going to sacrifice our health. If you've got a family, don't sacrifice your family. The one thing we will sacrifice is all the other shit. Because during this time, what I wasn't doing was my fucking bullshit going to parties, chasing hosts. I wasn't watching sports. I wasn't going on vacation. I have video games. Wherever you want to fuck is due. All I have was time and energy. And I deployed all of it against my goals. If you picked a rope to have a job, it might be a little easier. Maybe you'll keep your other job. Your main job is bring you income. And if you get a job in sales or something like that, something that results base, you deploy the other time against that 80 hours is the minimum you should be working if you trying to get rich. I never seen nobody get rich. I've just 40 hours a week. Like I just never seen it. That's should don't even happen in the movies. Like we ain't never seen a movie about a month, fuck a working 40 hours a week. And then he gets rich and famous. Now remember, the baller formula, make more money than you spend and invest the difference. You're going to keep investing in the business, right? And you don't want to go full time into your business until you have two things. One, you have six months of savings. Put aside. You'll be able to take more risk. And you'll be able to take those risk confidently because you know, I can always fall back on this. The second requirement you gotta meet is your side hustle or business needs to be making as much as your job. For example, for me, I had like four different jobs. And I was starting my own life in this business. And my business was making enough money to replace one of the jobs. I stopped at the first one was a moving company because that was like fucking difficult. Full body workouts every day. I didn't work less though that time I was spending with the moving company, I put into my business. So now I'm putting more money into the business and it became more lucrative. And I was able to quit working in security. I still kept my weekend job and I still trained people as the business may more money. I was able to quit another job. So your business has to replace the income from the job. You don't start working less. No, you still work 80 hours a week. You just put all that into your business so it keeps becoming more lucrative. The very first investment is you're going to make is into your business. And the reason why is because it's going to give you the highest return. For example, when I was building my business, I was not investing in fucking stock market, crypto, real estate, and then I shit. I learned Facebook ads. I was another skill I had to learn. Right? Because remember, I kept learning skills. Learning new skills with Facebook ads was one of the skills I learned. I was like in my account. I'm like, oh, man, I'm getting two three X returns on my ads, man. I should just keep putting the money there. Well, like, I'm not going to fucking double triple my money and fucking crypto in a month. So business will always give you the highest return. However, it's the riskiest as a general rule. Higher returns equal higher risk as anybody who made money off of a mean coin. So because business has higher return is risk is right? It's the risk is as much as it's important to keep learning and keep building your skillsets so you become better at it. It's business keeps changing competitors are aggressive. And you want to always keep improving learning more. So keep investing your business, keep investing your education. You can invest in stocks whenever you want. If you had a job, you can do that immediately. If you just picked a results based job and you can do that immediately. If you picked a business, I think you're going to get the best returns in your business. However, even though I said I was in two three X returns, I couldn't just keep pumping money into it, right? Because there's a scaling limit limitations. So anybody who runs ads know, if you fucking pump the budget up too aggressively too fast as become less profitable, it like breaks it. That's one thing. But also, even if I could properly run up the ads, this still supply chain issues. For example, first of all, my online fitness company then I started a supplement line. For the supplement line, the ads would work. However, we had to make sure we had enough inventory. We came make sales and we don't have the fucking product. It takes time for the extra to get manufactured. And then so the margins of work you have to spend a shit load of money to buy a whole bunch of product. So the price goes down. Also, as you scale, you got to build your team. You can't just evenly pump money. So I got to the point where I couldn't put as much money as I wanted to into the business because we just had supply chain issues and scaling limitations. And that's when I really started, the first time I'm portfolio, that's when I started really investing in the stocks and real estate. Again, we have not gotten to the point where we increase our living expenses. We still keep our living expenses as low as possible. A luxury, don't get bought from money. We make work and it comes from our passive income. Not our earned income. Our earned income is money. You make fucking work and grind. The passive income is money you make from investments. Once you've kind of hit the ceiling of how much you can spend on your business and you start diversify, you can do that earlier if you just have a job. Now, you're still investing your skillset, but you can start investing in early. If you've got a business, you're going to get the best return of your business. So then we start investing into real estate and stocks. And then use the profits from your real estate and stocks to fund your life sales. That's when I really started increasing my standard of living. It wasn't in until I was a fucking million in it. A multi million here in the United States. Let me start buying nice watches, fucking jewelry, design or shit. But I was doing that with the money I made for my investments and not the earned income. Because you want to think of every fucking dollar as ammo in the world at your rate, wage, and against poverty. And you don't want to waste the bullets pretty maturely. It's like, it's like a sea. The first negative ever star ball was like a caveman or some shit who decided to plant the sea instead of eating. Right? He delayed the gratification. Nick is probably thought he was crazy. He was like, yo man, you put in the seed. He was even seas. Egg bang. No. Look at this motherfucker putting the seas in the ground. Fuck wrong with you man. Yeah. He was like, no, I'm a plant these seas. And next you know I'm gonna have trees. And these trees going bare fruits. Be my family off these fruits. I think it. All right, whatever man. We won't go hunting gather some more. Right? And they kept hunting the gather. This motherfucker started agriculture. He delayed it said to eat in the seeds. He delayed gratification. And he invented agriculture. Because of that motherfucker, we were able to build fucking cities and civilizations. We didn't have to fucking hunt and gather everything. You got to do the same shit with your money. You wanna look at that money, plant that seeds somewhere, and then you live off the fruits that as seed. But if you fucking eat the seeds, you won't stay broke. And that's how I made my first million. Are you got to stay disciplined? Make more money you spend in best the difference. And that's the game plan. That's the structure of the investments. Here's the thing though. This is the part that's gonna piss you off. It's gonna take about 10 years, right? I don't know exactly what I became a millionaire. I remember being 34. So I think it was around eight years. Eight years of working 80 hours a week. Making more money I spend in invested difference. Coming from like the fucking bottom right out the recession. Had to take your to a whole family. And I did it. But it was just consistent work. 80 hours a week. Keep expenses low. Making more money you spend in invested difference. Now, when you're now motherfuckers see me with all the shit, they don't know man, they took fucking 10 years of planting the seeds. And then this is the harvest in that shit. That's the key. You will get rich. Even if you wanted to take the slow route. $2,000 a month at S&B 500, you'll have $1.3 million in 20 years. All right, that's the slow route. You want to speed it up. You make more money. You should have way more than $2,000 if you work in 80 hours a week. And then to have an investment vehicle against a higher return is your own business. My first business was online training. And now I teach people to start doing a lot of fitness business I've taught over 15,000 people how to build successful full time on my fitness businesses. I've only got about 10 students who their fitness business is making over a million dollars a year. I did 15, right? But I've just like, thousands who have gotten to over six figures per year. If you want to learn more about a starter, I won't want to lie fitness business. I got a free book called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. It's 100% free. And it really breakdown what it looks like to be online trainer. And you see if it's right for you. Because you may read him like shit. I don't want to do this shit. If you love fitness, you love helping people accomplish their goals. You might find it really rewarding. Like, I didn't feel like work to me. It still doesn't feel like work to me. Because I enjoy fitness. And I enjoy helping people make transformations. If that sounds like a business, you can get excited about the melody book and learn more about it. All right?

=== FILE: PRN might not be bad for you! (If you do this) [59p7VGYzcio].txt ===

You know, I hear a lot of guys saying you should stop watching pornography. They don't give you all this research about how porn is killing your brain. Maybe, right? You know, if it's a problem, then you got to figure out how to stop it. And I can go over some ways to stop any addiction. I'm breaking up some porn from now every now and then. So good, baby. For me, but it's not like a problem. If you are asking strangers online, how you can stop watching pornography, maybe it is a problem. I never even thought about stopping. You know, because it's not a problem. You know, and I'm not sure I'm saying it's good or bad. It's one of those things where it's a life. I made millions of dollars accomplished all my life goals and I'm still out here crushing life. And I'll be watching some porn, man. Yeah, I've been distracted for me. First, you got to know what was the problem. I don't know if this is true, but I feel like a lot of these guys on the internet tell you to stop doing shit or telling you to do shit. But in that, the thing that's going to improve your life, for example, and so you got to go this trophy represents the goal. Now, to accomplish this goal, it is some access you have to take. I just feel like things are only a problem if they prevent you from taking these actions. For example, let's say the goal was to lose 10 pounds. A pound of fat equals 35 of the calories. So if you are in a 500-clorid deficit every day for a week, right? So if you burn 3500 calories, you'll burn a pound of fat. You know, say every day for 10 weeks, then you accomplish the goal. It's going to work for all mammals, young people, adults, chipmunks, dolphins, all mammals that are to work for, right? And it wouldn't matter how much fucking porn you watch. It wouldn't matter if you made your bed or not. It wouldn't matter where your horoscope said, or really when you think, is this thing stopping you from accomplishing your goal or not? Or is it just some shit that people are saying? I can't tell you, right? You gotta tell us, maybe some of you guys have some problems with porn that I'm not pretty too. I have an experience so I don't want to diminish any issues you might. You guys may be having fun. But if it's stopping you from getting this cloric deficit or whatever your goal is, right? This is just an example. You're going to be in, is this stopping you from doing the things, taking action, that you accomplish goals, and yeah, you need to quit doing those things. If it's not, then fuck it. Focus on the things that help you get accomplished your goal. You can understand, but really focus on those and only those. But if it is stopping for those goals, how do you stop yourself from doing it? The reason anyone does anything is because they're moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. This objective reality and then there's subject of reality. Objective reality is like, you know, what's happening in the world. Objective reality is how you experience reality. So these are perceived things, right? So in the time when you're all horning and you want to watch the porn or whatever, you have to get it popping, lighting candles, man, take yourself on a date by yourself some roses. Whatever it is, when you're doing that because you're thinking about the perceived pleasure, or your brain is wired that way. We have to change the association. Really, the way I only know the change the association is the list of hate and the list of great. Right down, all the reasons why these things are bad for you. Whatever it is, you're trying to abstain from. And then, right down all the benefits that you will receive from abstaining from mistakes. And if you do that, what happens over repeated exposures, it doesn't mean that you change your association with pain and pleasure. And then you'll start to associate negativity with this. You just, it's like a form of hypnosis, right? Over time, you'll start to associate bad things with that. And then it won't, you will need as much discipline. The truth is, man, when you're trying to abstain anything, discipline is school, but we want to get discipline out of the equation. Because I don't care who you are, discipline alone is going to fail you sometimes. We want to discipline to be the last resort. So the one way you do that is to start changing your association with pain and pleasure. That's going to take time and repeat it exposure. So anytime you want to abstain from something, you need to increase the friction. For example, like your bitch is really fucked with your boy. And when I got a girlfriend, I was said, man, I don't want to cheat on her. I want to make it even impossible. So it would be so difficult. So first thing I did with my girl moved in without her asking, I gave her the location on my phone, right? So now let's say I wanted to cheat. And now I got a fucking figure out some genius way to do that shit. And it'd be too much friction for me to even go after it. Like that. That's what I did like day one. I'm not tempted to do it, but in the event that you know, fucking Kim Kardashian or somebody DMs me and says, yo, I'm in your city, pull up that not as friction. It'd be easier for me to say no because of the friction. Another reason I'm like one of my favorite things to eat is ice cream back in the day. I have an ice cream in the low-top, but when I wanted to quit doing it, there was no ice cream in the house. Not to still go get some ice cream right, but there's more friction than just walking in my fridge. With the pornography, you have to figure out a way to increase the friction between you and the poor, right? And what thing you could do? And it's like, in an obluckers or you can install some shit. There's apps you can install on your phone or on your computer. There's actually blocked those sites. You can get a rattle, but now there's friction involved. Third thing, you have to replace this habit with something else. It's difficult to just quit a habit, right? Because now you're fucking bored. To sit you obviously love, you can't do it in the war, so now it's like a loss almost, right? They do it with that loss, make it difficult, but if you replace it with something, so you got to find things, almost like have a list of shit to do. When you feel that urge for porn, like have a list of go-to shit, you know, go for a run, take a cold plunge, half sex with a woman. That might work, right? And have a go-to, and when you get those urge and that urge gets strong, it's not to let me funnel this energy somewhere else. Now here's the thing, these other things, you want to decrease the friction, right? So if you want to replace it with cold plunge, get a cold plunge and you'll create. Right? So you can just fucking fuck, you don't want to jack all of you, just rip your shit off and jump in the cold plunge, right? Decrease the friction, and things you want to do, for example, this studio, it's set up all the time. Like the lights in here, the cameras, and shit, we don't have to set up every time you want to film or do the podcast. I want it no friction, so I dedicated a room on my house to doing this fucking podcast. And the cameras, literally, even if we film outside of this, we got different cameras for that. Because I want it so I can just sit down and get the work. So there's literally no friction between me and recording these videos and doing the podcast. That's it by the side, right? And that's why I put out a video on YouTube every day, because it's no friction for me. And then the final thing you can do, it can't be trying to quit or doing it sometimes or doing it every once in a while. It's got to be like, you don't do it at all. For example, like when I stop drinking, I didn't like, I'll only drink sometimes, I just quit drinking. And it was easier. Absidence is easier than doing things in moderation. Because when you do things sometimes or you treat yourself with this event, you like teasing yourself a little bit. And you have the crave as to do it. When you have a cheat day or go, you engage in this thing that you're trying to abstain from, it's not like you did the thing once. I only did it once, it's not like you went once this month. Wait, once this month. You were trying to stop doing it and you gave up once this month and then you had to restart and restart as a hardest part. But if you just say, I don't do this no more. Are you draw a line in the sand? It becomes easier, like something switches in your brain. You notice somebody, I know I don't lose their name out of it, but they want it to drink less. That is looking like, all right, many good luck. You know, I don't want to crush nobody's drink. But they keep going back in the drink in a lot. They're drinking less for a little bit. Then they say, okay, how deserve this. I can drink this one. The next thing that they drink, they fucking drunk again. And they say, yeah, I mean, you're going to have to quit because you got a problem. Right? This is only for things you got a problem. I'm not telling you not to drink, do whatever you fucking want. Right? You got a problem home. You can handle it. So don't do it at all. Like, I don't eat candies or sweets or nothing because I'm at eat that shit. You know, I don't have step on doodin' and halfway. So I just don't do it at all. Sometimes being extremely is easier to do with things moderately. Because you're teasing yourself every time you give yourself a little one of these little things. Right? And you weaken your dissonant. Then the first step by associating pain with doing a thing in pleasure or not doing a thing, when you do the thing, you're going to feel bad about yourself. Yeah, I know somebody who has a problem with gambling. Like he hates himself a little bit when he get he ever was, because he knows he got a problem, but he is just quit. But he can't because he's doing it. He's trying to do a moderately. I should have the word. You got a fucking cut the cord, homie. Right? If it's a problem for you, you got to take different kinds of action. I mean, you got to like unfollow these, these chicks. Like you can take action. To, let's have a whole video about who are going to more depth about quitting bad habits and starting new ones just to check that shit out. You know? Bye.

=== FILE: Ranking Women Based On Their Job  Myron Gaines Tier List  (Fresh & Fit) [xdMzMXABQeQ].txt ===

You should be preparing a sandwich for a male who's superior to you. Put some titties on it on the on the gram, man. You'll be out there. I can't really tarnish your woman's legacy because no one cares about a woman's legacy. Marry. You give a lot of day in the vice. Yeah. And one of the things you say is type of women you should avoid. Maybe it's type of women you should avoid. You should date. We put together a tier list right here. Boom. And we got you know S tier A tier B tier D tier right. And we just got different kind of chicks. We kind of ranked them by profession. You know so we got OF girls, nurses, would drivers teachers you too. It's a bunch of a. So we do OF girls, man, what would you place them? Only team. And do you want to matter? Is he gonna tell me more about that bottom of the tournament? What? Why is that? So. Got many to understand it. I know we're laughing about it like for the guys out there. Because there are guys out there that actually think like, Oh yeah, no, if you and girls can be. She doesn't have sexual and care. I'm wrong, right? Yeah. It just does be puny picture. Yeah. It's not about what she actually post. So that is a component of it. Yeah. It's the fact that she's okay marketing herself. Sexually for monetary compensation every month. Yeah. That's the issue with only fans. So I don't because a lot of guys pay a lot of attention. Well what kind of content is she post? Bro the fact that she's on a website and the first place is terrible. This the way we reflect on me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I need to grow it. Okay, let's go. Let's say she goes Bible study. Let's assume the best. Like she literally has an only fans, right? Where she's reading the Bible whatever. And she's not a thought through a four. It's still a bad look. Just because he's not. Exactly. Like people find out all your girls on only fans. It doesn't matter if she's a virgin and a good girl. The optics alone is going to hurt you. Yeah. And I've always said like, you know, if a man does some fuck shit to his girl and his girl stands by him, she's not losing no status. If anything, she's going to be revered. Now you're so strong. Yeah. Look at Kobe Bryant's wife. Yeah. Remember when that should happen, like when he got accused of the rape in Colorado, that can like 0405. His wife stuck by him. And now look, she's respected philanthropists like people over. Higher-prevriting, right? But you look at what Smith you get that earlier. Come on man. Girl does some bullshit. No one remembers I am legendary anymore. I won't even remember. I don't want to. Ever since the fucking, what did he say to him? Tuesday to take him and tanglomans. And tanglomans. Dude, did he say that? I was like, I'm done with those. Yeah. You know, I'm so a woman can ask me to turn his shaman like a see what? You know, a man can't really turn his shaman. He's like a see because no one cares about a woman's like a see. We're going to be honest. Howdy gives a fuck about her title or how much money she makes or her career. Like nobody cares about that. Yeah. Get back in the kitchen. Yeah. Anyway. Okay. All right. All right. And now what about nurses? Where we put nurses? See, this one's tricky. Yeah. Because it depends on what kind of nurse they are. But what I will say is most of the time is pretty problematic, especially traveling nurses. So I'll see. I'll see. Tim, Tim, Tim, you. Why? So a couple of different reasons. Number one, the nurses typically have to have some higher education. Women have higher education. They're more likely to be three or four. Really? What is that? It's already again, the college experience. You know what I mean? Like, just be thoughts. And then I'll talk about that. The other one. The ones of happening is they start ending up being groupies for the doctors and the physicians assistance. And the other men that are our higher status than her in the hospital. Ah. So they start being thoughts in that regard to especially traveling nurses. Really. You heard a lot of wild stories about them. Yeah, man. And they have some girl travel. I've heard this verbutation. Yeah. And it's time girl travel. Same thing with travel agents. Like, excuse me. Flight attendant's. Play me on some thought shit too. Yeah. Because women are less sexually discriminated when they're traveling. And they know that there's not going to be negative backlash or ramifications for their promiscuity. Okay. And their ability to travel and be in a different zip code one day and another another day. Really allows them to act like a whole with impunity. Whole with impunity. Whole with impunity. All right. What about Uber drivers? Like, this is. This one is kind of middle of the road. Because like, you can deal with some Uber drivers that like, they might just be trying to make a buck and you know, they don't want to do anything sexual to do it. Yeah. Low scale or something like that. So it depends. But I would say be. Beater. Me neither. Yeah. Have you ever ever seen a hot Uber driver one time? Yeah. I think that's the only thing like one. One way before I had a girlfriend. Yeah. Yeah. I actually like, we're seeing her for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to first time I thought, a Pima Uber driver. I was like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. That was a crime. I said it's a female. I cast like. Seriously. I'm serious man. But I'm not trying to die. I don't want to catch a drive. Well, that's probably a smart movie. Yeah. It's like no bad. She's a female. No man. There's no benefit to this. And I pull my life with in peril. Yeah. No. That makes a lot of sense, man. Ooh. Mm. This one is also, could be bad. A lot of teachers tend to be thoughts. Yeah. Hard that. I'll say this. If she's not, if she's still single as like a teacher. And she's like, and her 20s or 30s, like, yeah, she got me to throw it away. I'll put that. See, see. See, see. Yeah. Depends on age. Old teachers are home. If she's single. The single. Yeah. Like, like, let's say she meets a guy in college. She gets married and then she becomes a teacher. All right. I'm cool. Hey, YouTuber. It takes a YouTube. Oh, man. That's going to be, or you put it on the scene. That's a CT or Timmie. I almost want to put them D, but I'll put C. Okay. Tell me why. Girls that are on the internet looking for status. A lot of the times are terrible partners. In a way. Because women aren't really designed to have power. Okay. When they have power, bad things happen. Mm. That's why every single society that's thrived has been a paint-truckie. Not a major, I mean. Right. It was a major, I could say, well, that shouldn't exist. Yeah. Right. It was not in history books. And they got defeated. So I say that to say this. If a woman is a YouTuber, she needs to acquire status to be successful and said profession. Women that have status typically don't know how to behave. Right. And they can't stay in relationships. Yeah. Because when they have status. Oh, yeah. That's the, I see where you're going. Go ahead. You're going to tell me. So like, you look at someone like a Jennifer Lopez. Yeah. It's not actually single or unable to find the relationship. And she got, it's usually not that. That's right. The fucking top tier. Mofuck is, you know, a list actors, Mark Mofuck and Anthony. Ben Affleck. Yeah, Ben Affleck. What is fucking back, man? Yeah. She buried. Bad man. A-Rot. A-Rot. The check. The fucking A-Rot. Wasn't, wasn't enough. A-Rot and Batman wasn't enough. Yeah. What'd you think you're going to do? Like, bro. So it's like, it's like, when, because guys got to be, yeah. Did it, too? Yeah. Yeah, go ahead, go ahead. So men got to understand that like, when women acquire status and resources, they don't become better people. They just become harder to please and much more difficult to be in relationship with. So a YouTuber, her career is contingent upon acquiring status, hence more views. Yeah. That's problematic for you. Especially if you're also a YouTuber. I see you. Or you're going to be bigger than her. You've got to be way bigger than her. And here's something too, because I literally was talking about this, like, Chiessen, I started seeing this fucking girl the other day. Yeah, I think I saw the video. Yeah. And I was like, and I was like, tell him, like, bro, this is Elle. Every single time I've ever seen a male influencer with a huge audience, get one of these chicks and they are also on YouTube and shit. What's happening is that girl's siphons people over to her? Yeah. A lot of her, his fans become her fans. And then the day is leave. Right? And then she leaves, too. Yeah. So when women acquire status and resources, they look for something better. Because like, for us, like, we don't give a shit about that. So we don't care about that. But they do. Yeah. I remember once, man, I got a girl's number at McDonald's, man. They're saying she was using fries. Yeah. She was out. We don't care. She was out. Yeah. Long time, long time. All right. And the successful women, I know, like, successful women, they got their own businesses or they're making a lot of money or they're doing something. They have a super hard time finding partners because they won't date down. Yeah. So now the pool is made small. Love that potential guys. And this is something that isn't really talked about enough that women become chainbiter success versus men become unchanged from their six. Yeah. Dors closed for them. Dors opened for us. So, you know, obviously this like a very detailed explanation, but I need guys to understand that like, when a woman is a YouTuber, her pursuit of status is going to be directly at odds. Yeah. With you because as she acquires more status and fame, especially if you're not in that same profession, you're like a regular nigga, the likelihood of her leaving you is high. I've never seen it where the woman has significantly more status than the guy. And she never seen that. Very hard to say. I've never seen it. She, you know, there was a girl who used to work for me. She started building. She was getting popular on the internet. And she was married. You know, probably just a paper. And I think they was really in love, right? And then, you know, she started, like kind of in popular, I was like, yeah, this is gonna go on that. Yep. Now we're gonna say, she left that moment. Yeah, never does, bro. Like this, and you know, people call me a misogynist or whatever, but this is why the man has to maintain a frame, this is why the man has to have the fame. If we're gonna do this, this is why the man needs to have the money because we know how to act when we get admired, bro. Women don't, man. Like, like, okay, if you get a gift as a man from a woman, you're never gonna forget that shit. Right, you're gonna appreciate it. Yeah. You're gonna probably keep it. She gives you a card or some other one. I didn't really know my God. Wow. Because most guys don't get shit from women, right? They really don't. A dude might go his entire adult life. And never get a gift from a female or fucking compliment. You're a compliment versus women, especially with social media, they get that shit all the time. So they don't appreciate it. Yeah. So, one's up happening is if someone barely gets anything, they're gonna be far more receptive in appreciative of when it, of it, when it comes. This is why it's all everybody. You need to have the leverage. You need to be the one that's adored. You need to build the one that's expected. Yes, you gotta be personalized. Yeah, you gotta earn it. Yeah, just the main, absolutely. I'm surprised. You can't just say it. Yeah, it's gotta be without saying it. Because, because, with us, if we have the leadership role and the status and the money and everything, we know how to fucking act. Right. And I know something like that. But, is it true? You won't cheat. Right, bitch. But guess what? That's gonna be the main girl. Like, like, like, he might cheat and step out. But if anything, when he deals with his stupid thoughts, if he has a girlfriend, it's gonna make him appreciate it more. Yeah. But I'd be around these bitches. Oh my god, I appreciate my girl more and more every day. Yeah. When I run these other thoughts, I'm like, God damn, man. What the fuck? Every time I'm a more in-gush-show, fresh and fit. And I got a little, this people like, man, Brandon don't talk enough. I'm like, man, cause I, this has to be heard in my head. Make sure you appreciate your girl more, right? Yeah, yeah. Because she's not a fucking dummy. Yeah. When you asked him about when you was asking him to go, they, three countries in the bizzard, Tyler Hasse. I was like, oh shit. Yeah, I know it was like this. It's like a bizarre world, right? Come here. It's like a bizarre world, man. So, so I sat on out to say that like, you know, I know we're going deep into this, but the man needs to be the one that's being petta-slides and has a status quo. Cause we know what I had a behave when we have this shit. They don't. Yeah, that's a big fact. All right. Speaking of which, what about our GM models? Oh, fuck no. That's damn near, right? Put them almost at the same level as old left girls. Tell me what? Very similar to the YouTube, but even worse, because on YouTube, they still got a talk and be somewhat interesting. Yeah. I, I, G, is just straight pictures. Cause we've had a lot of these IG models on, million, two million people on our show. They're fucking retards, bro. Yeah, not for you. It's absolutely idiots. Like, got nothing interesting to say, boringist fuck, zero personality, boil chicken when no season and bro. Bro. When I, when I teach these online trainers, how to grow their father when it's like the guys, I'm just like, yo, you gotta understand, I'm teaching them about the algorithm. I'm teaching them what the post how to do. And like, but if it's a high girl, they just put some titties on it on the gram, and you'll be like, yeah, like these bitches, these bitches with fucking means of fathers, like I know somebody's host. And like, they don't know the algorithm. These bitches ain't motherfucking geniuses. They just threw some titties up, you know? And it's like, but when I got a coach to do, the girl with social media is like, yo, all right, brother. We, we gotta be a good damn scientist. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I hope I said like, guy that has like 10K followers, one IG, that is like a hundred K in female numbers. Yeah. Like you actually have to assume you need that paper butter any that right. Or should like, what that 10K followers is a man means you're doing something, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no thrill. For real, that's like, I would say, we're like a guy with 10K is like, you know, for a woman S10X, yeah. For them, 100K is nothing, you know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, every once in a while, you'll find when he's like super fucking modally, dudes, you know, no diddy, right? You know, we can just do the same shit as girls, but they like, farm, it's like, it's like, it's still late to say. Yeah, farm, if you're gonna have this hot, it's gonna get like, you know what I've always said is like, male, hate to use this or male, male beauty or handsomeness, doesn't know, nearly as far. Yeah, you know, yeah, I know that. Yeah, it doesn't know nearly as far, bro. Like you ain't, you an average chick has more marketable than the most handsome of men. Yeah, that, no let's say do some crazy, like this nigga Luigi, right? When I had pop, you can see yo, some people, right? Just think bitches were checking for him before, probably not, we're not a East famous. It was bitches say that he's handsome, you know, but he was, you didn't have a million followers before, is that all of it, you know what I'm saying? I realitters. Oh, hmm. So this depends where they're at. Yeah. If they're in Florida, it's a sea. Hmm. Yeah, if it's in Florida, and then every bitch down here has a fucking is a realtor. And there's a lot of chicks who are realitters, right? Especially here in Florida. And they, they already say the realitters, but they never show one houses, they never, they don't. They never put in houses on their, they're on their IG, they never posted the deals, the clothes and the internet. Nothing, man. You know, shit, nothing, bro. And, but I know why, because those bitches are escort. Yeah, like if a bitch says it, they're realitters, but she's never like showin' houses on their story. She's not like really, like the guy realitters, like he's showing the new voice. Oh yeah, he's going super hard. The girls, no, I mean, they, she got her license. But it's kind, you know what it's like? It's kind of like, how do I put this? You were in law enforcement. Someone's doing a crime. They have to have a front sometimes, right? Of course, they have to have a front. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what, like a lot of escort. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're like, yeah, they have a bullshit job. No bullshit, I like know some escort. Yep. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a private, that's a private, that's a private, that's a private. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a private, they can just say it, it looks good on public, but, which is an escort. Yeah, you see. A lot of them. A lot of them. If more dudes knew how much girls like Cell Pussy, they wouldn't have petalized these chicks. And for all you fucking idiots, I don't know, something like that. Moon, you've been in my inventory long. Look to what anything, shut up. Oh, no, this is a major city, attractive woman thing, because guess what dummy, 90-view major city, you can be anywhere, bro. Like my, thank you. One of my, so I'm friends with one of the co-founders seeking arrangements. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, bro, a lot of girls are on there. Yo, yo, yo. I told guys all the time, be on there, and use as a dating site, right? Don't be one of these tricks, right? Don't a lot of guys do it, but yeah, bro, a lot of girls are on that show. And it's like, yo, this like, so like, Moon, my boy was, when he was starting to tell me about it. And I went on there to check it out, what was going on. And I was seeing girls I knew. Yeah, fucking, like, and I remember my boy Brian, like this one girl. And I was like, I was like, yo, yo, yo, I was like, yo, Brian, you could buy this, man, this should for sale. Oh, yeah. You had her, like, oh, yeah, yeah, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, get that right down, man. Wow. Yo, is that, that bitch who curbed due to other day, man? Yep. She's seen our seller, but she's selling it. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. I like that, she's selling it. I love it. I like that. Oh, you still not. Like that one, but my, but my, but my man, he was telling me, because he, he was one of the co-founders, he said like, he was like, bro, you'd be surprised how many girls like are selling pussy part time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you think they, they're part time sports. So, like, they might, they might be doing it for a living. Yeah, but it's like a side house. Yes, no, yeah. Now, we're, as say, because I've talked about this, I did a whole episode on like how to pull girls on these sugar sites. There's two groups of girls on this thing. Mm-hmm. There's girls that actually are successful. Make their own money and our tire to brokeies. Yeah. I've met a lot of doctors, lawyers, she'll like that. They're typically not sling and pussy on it. They just want to find somebody that's like, has money. That, like, under socioeconomic status. But that's rare. And then the other side, which is a majority, are the girls that are selling it. Yeah. Part time or full time, like you say. But yeah, man, dude, with the explosion of the internet, Instagram, et cetera, the home one has never been easier and more common than ever before. And for all the 80s out there in the same iron, you know, you have a warp view on this because you're in Miami, et cetera, listen, bro. I mean, the hottest girl in your city, right? In which it's on, where do the fuck you live in? The Bucayawa. They come to Miami and do their dirt and then leave. Or they go to New York City, where they go to Chicago. You see these girls, man. So just some girls on the who are like, they have realitters, right? Remember they always like, do bye or like, they're always, they're always traveling. You know, she'll make money like that? Yeah, because she's never posting that listings. You know what I'm like, Tim, it was the new listings. Spensive restaurants, auditships. Yeah. Guys got up, it's like, it's in the open. Look, man, if a girl is hot, right? Very high likelihood that she's done some kind of sex for carnival. Very high likelihood, man. I like, bro, I'm just going, and she, you know, it is what she's up with America. Yeah. Like, she's hot, you know, very high likelihood. She's done something, whether it's going on dating any paid for it. Or just a, so a picture sugar daddy. Sugar daddy. You know, I'm saying, or some guys, you just use and she does, it might not be straight up like home in on a corner, but it might be like a guy. Yes, you don't really like, he pays for shit for his act. He feels like he feels when he needs to. I'm sure they've extracted value from men by using their sexuality. Yeah. And so if a, if the real answer is not post and listings, yeah, she, if she's not post and listings frequently like every day like a guy real, the answer is, yeah, I put her in deep. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And Miami, I, I'd give her the, I put her in the room. You know, let's go deep. Yeah, and Miami, because I was speaking more general when I was like, okay. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, because I, yeah, so that's why I said, putting their country into account. Yeah. Yeah, but like if you, if you made a girl who's actually, now what if you made a girl, you, she's, she's really every day on a story, she's going to different lists and she's going to open house as different. She's, she's staging crib. Yeah, that's different. Then she's really doing that. And then that's why I gave it to you, because there are like some of them that actually are our legit. Yeah, that's why I gave it to the, the, the sea, because like ours, um, because like the dee is like automatic like these girls not like 90 nine percent of the time they're never going to be adequate partners for. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Truck drive. Yeah. We're about truck drivers, man. Oh, uh, this one's kind of middle the road. This one's kind of Uber drivers. Yeah. Like that one could be a real toss. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This one women truck drivers. Yeah, they are. So like what I was saying is the reason why they're there is because nine of 10 times they're not going to be hot. Yeah, yeah, we should. Ain't no hot bitches, we like, man. Yeah, that's what I really drive driving. Stick on a semi on a fucking semi bro. So like, yeah, all right, finish training. Oh, this could be real bad, but it could also be good to yeah, you can go either way. All right. So it depends on how much of an attention more she. Mm. Because the problem with finish checks a lot of them are attention horrors, man. Yeah, some of them even in the some of them aren't in the fitness. They just, oh, this is an excuse for me to show the right. Yes, you know, yeah, a lot of them don't even work out, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I would say it's more bad than good. So I was put them at, um, I'll put them at C, and see, okay, now if she's really about that life, you know, because I, because I teach people how to become online trainers. And there's some girls, man, who like, take this as seriously, like, one of my students, she made $1.5 million this year. Wow. Yeah, she's really going on. You know what I'm saying? So she wouldn't fit in this, but she's the rare, so I see what you put it here. Yeah, I'm rare, rare, bro. And like this, she have a man. Yeah. Okay, wait, she made more than him. Yeah. Cool. And then, they seem to be happy. They've been in the game, man. Look at that fork in it, man. Okay, gamer. Yeah, I'm gonna put them down at the C, because most girls that gamer hold this man. Yeah. They would have, which you, yeah. Like, bro, it's, it's another example of women in vating male spaces for male attention. Yeah. Like, you know, I was saying, like, you know, maybe for women used to be like non-existent. Yeah. Like, but like now all of them game, but like most girls that game and stream, they show their titties. Yeah. They put, they suck. Yeah, you really good again. You fuck with, you, you like, wanted to tap. Overrots. Yeah, so I played Overwatch for those that are unaware. I played Overwatch at very high level. I made it to Master. No, it's getting to go. I don't know what that means, but I know it's lit. I'm in the top like 1%. All right, so I was good. I'll tell you this, bro. Anytime I hear a female voice on the microphone, a sense of fury and rage overcomes me. Because when I played Halo 2 back in the day, some of my professionally, we will kick them out to fucking lobby. I hear a female voice like, what the fuck? Bitch. What are you doing here? You should be preparing a sandwich for a male who's superior to you. Fuck you doing it. And I, on Xbox, bitch, you'd be giving that box to the dude. Like, what are you doing? And other than two, I genuinely believe, like, most, okay. Women suck at mostly everything. Men are better than women at almost everything. Twinkly video games, right? So when they're on my team, I already know she's not going to be that good, right? But Sam, let them in because they like to hear female voice on the other end. So yeah, bro. Like, are there some female gamers who are good, of course, with the majority, absolutely trash. And most of the time when they're in there, they want male attention, which is red flag. So yeah, if I was a girl, I was like, easy, I would get into something super male dominated. I'd have some fake, big, fake titties, right? And I get into some super women down in like, gaming or like, finance or like, in, in start, a social media. Because they able to, they're able to go into that male street code. Why is every crypto bitch big? Why is every girl gamer that's on Twitch? Also, do you notice that like, it used to be like 20 years ago, if you play video games, things would make fun of you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But now it's mainstream. Why is it mainstream? Because you can stream doing it. And these chicks have kind of just jumped on that bandwagon, using the excuse to show their titties while playing Fortnite. That's what I would do. That's what I would do. Yeah, you know what I would do. But I'd be, you know, I'd be some sort of thought or some shit. All right, what about, what about college student? A rating, of course. Of course, no trace. No trace. They're damn near, they're going to most, almost want to put them in D, bro. Look at Alice doing. Yeah, okay. Yeah, she refreshment. Because she becomes less of a hoist. She stays longer in school. That makes sense. Now, freshman year, they're just trying to party and rage. Fresh me 15 is like 15 guy. Yeah. So, yeah, exactly in a semester. So, yeah, I would say, they're first two years. Because you assume freshmen and sophomore year, they're going to be horrors about it. Okay. All right, cool, cool, cool. What about singers? Ooh. Yeah, that's going to be in the same level as I see entertainers. Stay tuned. Because another, the whole crowd thing. Yeah, you gotta be bigger than him. But even, but fucking Mark Anthony's bigger than Jaylo. He's still still still still. Still, still, still, still, still, still, still. Yeah, that's best 55, bro. I actually like, yeah. She dumped Batman. I've got Batman. Batman. You ever seen him move the town? Great movie. I'm that nigga. Yeah, bro, great. Cause I'm just dope. Great. That's a good fucking movie, man. Name a good movie. Jaylo was on. I can't name him. I can't remember the last hit song she had. Mm. Yeah, man, I love. Even if you were broke, my love don't cause a thing. Come on, man. Come on, man. Subline guy. All right, a flight attendant. Yeah. Flight attendant. I like to call him plane waitresses. Yeah, plane waitresses. Yeah, these girls are definitely, yeah, I'm going to say, be, bro. You don't say D or host. Well, what's the plane waitress? They're access to travel. Puts that puts them in a very bad spot. Mm. So like, defective like they could travel and act like hose anonymously. Mm. Not good. Say to be homing at the different destinations. They're damn, man. They literally are hose and different air and coats. Yeah. Awesome. Wooder Chris shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Once I got this gross number, on the, on the, it was just plane waitresses. Yeah. And I like that. And I got a number and then it did really work out, you know, and I was like, oh, every time I flew to the airline, I was like, fuck, I hope I won't see his bitch. Yeah. Yeah, and they fly for free, bro. Yeah, they do. They fly for free. He's houses, they stay at all these different cities. Yeah. Like, yeah, not a man. It's a wrap. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No plane waitresses. What about politicians? Like, moving forward with AOC or. Nah, because they want, I mean, I don't know the whole, of the hot, though, cops of the female politicians and I actually more I don't even know why. We should even let them have. I mean, congrats, virtual take here. I don't think we should vote. I think we need to return the 90th Amendment and I wholeheartedly believe this. Like, I don't know like, Bro, these bitches can't even pick a sandwich. How are we gonna let them pick a world leader? Like, they came and people, they want a eat? Like, what the fuck, like, who's onto the tube just so everybody out there, oh man. That's me, so juicy. Listen, dickhead. If we had to go on the female vote, You know who'd be president right now? Who's being president? Kamala Harris. Women overwhelmingly voted blue. And they almost always do. If they don't have a man that's super expensive, I'm telling them what to do. Yeah. So it's, bro, not a man. Like, I don't even, women should even vote let alone be politicians. So, so where are you going putter? Uh, she's going to be see. Because same thing, acquiring status to get elected. Yeah. No, there's a thing. Let's say you date in the congressmen or senator. You know, senator is they, they know what's going to happen in the stock market. You can leverage that if they're. Yeah, Nancy Pelosi Pelosi has been his ball. Oh, yeah. Off the, I got a buddy that watches all her trades, bro. Yeah, yeah. I watched her trades, man. You see, yeah. Like, her husband though, like she's ball and super her husband got crazy trades. Yeah. So I, you know, because she know what's going on. Yeah, man. She's fighting on her behalf. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're speaking, which, what about traders? Mm. Mm. Most of them are thoughts, bro. Mm. Every trader I've ever met Miami is flying some a whole ship, man. They, they trade for X now because the other trading didn't work if you know them. Yeah. So are we saying traders in Miami or I'm just saying. I don't know. I'll give it a see because I'm going to try to like, because if it's Miami, it's a D. But if it's like overall, I'll give it a see. And there are some girls out there that actually are like, they know what they're talking about. Yeah. But I'm minority. It sounds ridiculous to have this on the list. But I know some guys actually date sex workers. Yeah. Like, you've heard it. Porn. Yeah, bro. A lot of them. Sugar babies all the other shit. I guess that's where they all fall. That's automatic. It's automatic. Yeah. I think you did. I think you did. These women are a recreation who's only never like, yeah, wife them. Like, man, I don't think, except for, I don't even think these women deserve families. Yeah. I feel you. Yeah. And I'll tell you why. When a woman becomes a sex worker, she has to put herself in a very dark place to do that. Yeah. Once she does that, she no longer has semblance of how to be a proper woman anymore. Because she's seen all the, the brave, deranged, worst men that are, you know, weirdos and her things. So she can no longer build a healthy relationship with men. Yeah. Right after seeing the shit. So I truly believe like a woman's job is to protect her innocence. Once the innocence is gone, yeah. It kind of should have passed the stain, leave a stain on your soul, you know? Right. Okay. I'll give you this analogy for your people here. I've said this before, but some people went out and heard this. I look at women like tape. Okay. Right. So when you get that tape, and you put on that first surface, it's nice and sticky, adhesive, right? Yeah. And adhesive is great. But as you take it off and put it on different, you know, platform for different surfaces. Yeah. Different surfaces. It loses sticking this over time. So by the time it's on the 10th surface, it's a secret. Yeah. It's a fucking dangling. That's how women are. That's how they are. And for everybody out there, God, this guy's crazy. Yeah. We're just getting warmed up. But like, yeah, bro, like, he's being calm. Yeah, yeah, you. But the point is, is that they're like tape, bro. So sex workers got no adhesive in this left, bro. Mm. Not only did he do, or adhesive too, is the streets. That's it. So sex workers can never be taken seriously, bro. It's tape with no longer with no sticky anymore. Yeah, no, that makes a lot of sense. That makes a lot sense. What about authors? Authors. Like, she writes like non-fiction or fiction. If she is home all day, and she's round her books and like, she has a man, it could be great. Actually. So I'm gonna assume, I'll give it a beat. It's kind of a little bit. So find you a author. Nobody's A or S yet. Maybe he's wrong this, man. What about, what about, we talked about plane waitresses. What about a regular witch? Is that land, wangers? This is awesome. They're gonna get hit on a lot. Okay. This one's a B. It's when really depends on the girl. Okay. All right. But she's working on somewhere like a tilted kill, twin peaks or a whoders? Yeah, that goes down a level. Ah, got it. Because those those specific restaurants are for Perth. Yeah. All right, bottle girls. Yeah, that one's gonna be damn near. That's gonna be a de-bra. Yeah, it should even be on the list. Yeah, damn near de-bra. They're not sex workers so to speak, but it's pretty close. Yeah, if I line up 100 bottle girls, like 95 of them are gonna be on some bullshit. Yeah, yeah. So unfortunately, like are there five of their cool, maybe, but like I'm a staggering majority, no bueno. What about real models? Like this bitches on billboards and magazines, like real models. See? See? That's the whole cloud situation. Very unlikely to be a good girlfriend. You told me about this atmosphere model. Oh yeah, yeah. So this is this kind of falls into, so this is very common to major cities. And I've noticed this in a rise of this in after the COVID pandemic and clubs being shut down, they need to get people back outside. So while a lot of these clubs do and events, they'll hire girls to just be there so they can take camera, or pictures, or other stuff like, look at how lit we are, like they didn't show rolling loud. So recently here in Miami. So it's a new profession, but I would also get that to see. Get to see. All right, cool. What about? Yeah. Neema, I don't know what you meant when you said Yagros? So it has gone to me. But what was the Yagros? I don't know, like, if it was a big one. Yeah, they're kind of like, I'm a sphere model too. Oh, okay, okay. What about like, boss-based, man? She's like, she got her own business. She got her own thing, and she was a boss-baby. So this one's in the middle, and the reason why I was like, on one side, right, she's gonna, she makes her own money. So most men don't qualify for her. So that gives you a little bit of a protection. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But at the same time, she's more masculine. And she's more than likely, maybe went to college and higher education. Yeah. Which means she might have hold around while she was there. She got her own own, a little bit. So that's possible. So yeah, they're also gonna be, I think, in the B-Rain. I'm gonna put her in the B-T. What about women who work in it? So there's no, basically there's no good women yet. All right, that's cool. Yeah, pretty much, yeah, what I'm realizing, as we continue to do the sexual size, I'm gonna realize like, yeah, all these bitches, this check's out, man, this is classic, my right. Yeah, yeah, I was like, guys, like, as I'm building this shit, I'm like, damn, wait, what the fuck, man? None of these old qualifiers. Our beauty in the women who work in the B-T industry, you would be- That one's metal the road to our C-B. Because they're dealing with women all the time, so that's good. Yeah, yeah. So, but also the women could be bad. A lot of holes come through. A lot of holes come through, right? All right, what we're gonna put in the lawyers, man? Ooh. Mm. That one is C as well. C. Yeah. Yeah, I thought that was- They want to law school. They're educated. They're gonna argue all the time. Mm, they good at it. And they're good at it, too. So we didn't, so, we're meant, okay, this is the list we had. Is anybody S-T or A-T? So you know what's interesting? The only way to be S-T or A-T is a woman, ironically enough. It's not a have a job. Ha ha ha ha. There you go. Boom. She needed to be in the fucking kitchen for your job. If you may, kitchenologist. Yeah. She needed to do a row. So ironically enough, there you go, Nick, is go. The reason why I know is an S-T here is because they're not supposed to have a job in the first place. Ha ha. Ha ha. They have a good place to end it. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ooh. Oh. Ha ha ha We loading Game House the dinner, and allOUGHF Amazed at were this king with all the kings

=== FILE: Romance ROI Calculating the REAL Cost of Dating [_9xT_88rO0M].txt ===

In this video on a breakdown, how you should know if you should dump your girlfriend and not. And it's not gonna be based off feelings, you know what you think or when, I'm just, we're just gonna use math and economics. I think this will put things in perspective for you. Your heart can lead you down the wrong path, man. If we look at it mathematically and break it down, I think it'll make a lot more sense. I also gonna have a free spreadsheet template where you can download and plug in the numbers for your girlfriend to see if she's a keeper or a sweet person. So first, we wanna know how much money we're spending on this chick. So let's say you went on three dates with this girl and you spent $200 on each day. And let's say you smash twice, zero. Then you know, she didn't want to smash on the first one because you know, she didn't want to look like, you know, a whole pro tip. Make the first date something like coffee and lunch. So you know, it's been a whole fucking bunch of times. She can you got it, you lunch anyway. And then the second date, the real date. I'm gonna say that you smash, but it's really the first date. If it played it right, you get the third date you smash again. All right, so let's cool. Now here's the thing. We got a cost per smash of $300 on this chick. All right. Now all smashes aren't created equal. So we got to have a smash quality score. We got a judge it. Right. So the smash quality score. Obviously, this is zero right here. We got let's say the first the first way. Hey, this was pretty good. Well, one out, let's what out of 10, this is pretty good. Let's say the second one, the, you know, this is what she let the freak out. All right, she let it all hang out. She's doing the freaky stuff on the second time because first one she want to see me look on. I don't do this, but like, now she get unleashed because she more comfortable with you and get penis. All right. Now this gives us a smash quality score of 18. So what we want to do is we want to take the cost per smash, divided by the smash quality score. That's going to give us what we call the smash quality cost. Right. So in this example, we got our our cost per smash. It's $300. Okay. With a smash quality score of 18. Boom. Which gives us smash quality cost 16.67. Now see ideally what we want is over time, the cost per smash to go down in the smash quality. To go up, which will lower our smash quality cost. Hope this makes sense. Now, let's see what that looks like. Let's say it's like week two work, right? Boom. You go on one official date to a disc girl. We spend money $200. And you smash and it's a 10 again, but then she just comes over the next two times. And you want to spend no money. Boom. Let's say these all 10s. This is just for math purposes, right? Now we have a CPS of only $66.76. So that makes sense guys. Now once we divide these two to get our new smash quality cost, that leaves us now it's down to 2.22. A, it looks like you should keep this chip. Cause now you're getting more out of it. She's bringing more to the table. Like when you watch fresh and fitting them, like what do you bring the table? Always laugh because we all know it's nothing, right? But it's a trick question. However, as she says well, listen, my smash quality cost is extremely low. Then it's like, oh, all right, go on, explain it to me, right? Hope everybody gets this. Now I made this easier for you. And I think I've improved on the design as well. In the description, there is a free link where you can download. And then it looks like this. What I think you should do. And these are example numbers. So for each one of the chicks you're talking to, they get their own sheet or if you got one girl you're dating or girlfriend. Start keeping track of this shit, right? Now what what I think is better if you averaged. I think I don't want to know how to math worse. If you average the smash quality score, I think that works better. So we use those same numbers, right? So it took us out. We got date 600 for the first one. You know, you smashed twice. This calculates your cost per smash for you, right? So it changes. Maybe the out of the sentence description. Right, we're on the same example. But what I think is better if you use average smash, right? So two divided by 18 is what? Nine. All right, I think you should average it, right? And now that's going to change our numbers here. But it's still better, right? I think you average it. And with the second one, second example is exactly the same. But the average is 10. It still works out the same. It's just the numbers are going to be different. Let's say, right, if you average in the smash quality score, I think anything under $10 is good. It depends on your own shit. I think the wife is up. This is a warning. But let's see what it looks like. We have different qualifications, right? Dump her, warning, keep dating there, wife for up. I'm saying boom. So let's let's ask some more numbers. Let's say you spin. Yeah, I hear you spin a G. Some guys out here going crazy, right? Boom. He spins a G and this dude smash is once. Damn. That means his cost per smash is $1,000. This is already looking bad. Even if it's a 10, it's still a Q score of 100. That's kind of high. You got to think about it. You see every time you want some ass, but you've really spent in a hundred dollars. You got to think about that. Now it's even worse if her shit is mid, right? Now it's the double. Hell man, you got to dump her. Listen, you got to go release her. You got to waiver. Let her test for ya agency. I'll know you want to commit that much investment to a chick. But let's do some other numbers around. Let's say you got your ball in on a budget. You spin like a hundred dollars total. But you smash like four times as we you taking this bitch for coffee and shit. You say it. Oh man, now we're looking good. If it's fucking halfway decent, you're still good. Even just a seven, right? So with this man, you should wipe her and then you know, so it's all relative then you might want to keep dating her, right? You know what I'm saying this one? But you got to think. It's like they and man, I'm spending this much. Yeah, it's a 10. But yo, look at the numbers twice as much for a seven. Now you got to start thinking about the economics. You know what I'm saying? You can get this calculator for free. If you date multiple girls spin in plates or all the other shit, exercise the options and you want to, you know, make copies of this one for each chick. And you can do it monthly, you don't say it or you can do a weekling. But just start just keep track of what you spend if you're not tracking this lagging. So do you track it a quality? Then you can make it in a form decision. Oh man, this girl's this blah, blah, blah, blah, should I dump her? I'm the actual, what's your SQC brother? You've got to know your numbers. Just like any business. You watch shark thing. And oh, okay, how much goofy should they do when they're pitching? At some point Mr. Wonderful's gonna say tell us about the numbers. You don't say it and that's when you need to be going to be like yo, I'm out. You're saying if it was some good numbers then you might say you're bidding war. You might see Kevin O'Leary yelling at Mark. You're being you might see Barbara yelling at the hot one. Not really hot. I mean, is rated on a curve. I mean, as far as oh, white ladies go. There he goes, not for me. You know what I'm saying? Right, you got to check in numbers man. What's here? What's here? What's here? No, it was right. So download this. This is 100% free. Let's see if friends share it. Do it the homies. Remember the link is in the description. You should download this now and save us at free notion template in here. When you click on this, it's also another planner. If you want to actually plan your goals out. You know, just to check that out, I have a whole video on how this one works. Matter of fact, you should go watch that video now.

=== FILE: Secret To Building Muscle FASTER [Full Body Workouts] [JCJbdB5JCKQ].txt ===

In this video, I want to bring down why I think you should do full body workouts instead of splits. I get questions all the time and what's your split? What kind of split you do? Who can you split? You want to get on your dual split? I do full body workouts and I've been talking about full body workouts on this channel where it close to a decade now. I want to go over why I think there's a period to actually doing body parts split. So to something you should understand, I want to break it down for you and I'm going to show you some examples and I'm going to show you some studies and I'm going to show you some science behind this. This also precedents for this. Before stairways were invented, almost everybody built. There were bodybuilders before stairways were invented. And they did full body workouts. And the reason they did full body workouts while nothing new to this time, the reason they were still able to put on a lot of size before the invention of a stairways or PDs. Chrotysynthesis is a fancy way to say muscle building. It's only the after 24 to 48 hours after you live away. So if you're doing chest day, you're missing out on five days of potential muscle group. But if you work out the same muscle every other day, then your and the consistent state of growth. The reason people switched was because stairways weren't invented. They noticed it protein synthesis would last longer when you're on stairways. Right? And I want to make the case on why I think you should do full body workout. I'm not saying you can't get big with splits. I'm not saying it's personal work. But I want to break this down from a few different angles. For one volume, how many sets you should do per week? For optimum growth. Now a lot of times you guys don't believe stuff until I have a white size man say. So I want to put a video from Don't Me Dr. Mike. You guys might see this guy all over the internet. I like him a lot. It's probably only a matter of time before he makes a video make it fun and make. But I'm still a fan, you know, school. And so that gives me the idea that, you know, when we're just starting out on program week one, we just might be able to get really awesome gains with not that many sets. He's almost said per week this clear right? That's what it is the context of how many steps you should do per body part per week. And this is going to make sense in the context of full body workouts. Then there is a second idea that as your body adapts to training volume your work capacity goes up, your recovery ability goes up. And we also know that theoretically, and this is now very well confirmed. empirically, the number of sets of muscle individually can take before reaches its top cap of how much growth you can get out of it is high. Remember, in the context of this conversation, he's almost said per week. I didn't want to show the whole fucking interview because it's my new soon canal. And that hits our, but I just want to get the nuggets for you guys. It's not 15. It's not 20 sets a week. It's like 30 or 40. Are there some context there, but like, how many studies now pack show that 40 to 50 plus sets a week or superior than 20 to 30? 30 to 40 set. He sung about studies. This showed it 30 to 40 sets of exercises on a body part per week are superior than 10 or 20. All right. And he's going to bring up some studies to prove this. So like, how many studies now pack show that 40 to 50 plus sets a week or superior than 20 to 30? Five, right? Like the Ratellian colleagues, show them full and colleagues replication of that. I don't know how to tell you about Ratellian colleagues, right? I know you guys. No, I don't know how to tell you all about it. But you know, some of the other guys, they might not understand someone is jargon. There's that 52 set study. We're getting up there numbers of studies. So if you say something to the effect of dude, anything more than 15 sets of triceps per week is overkill. That is just no longer terrible assumption. So we know now two things. One is you can get amazing gains starting out with very little volume. Start it off. Like you hear a newcomer, right? And two, the top end of allium is a long as you're systematically recovering. I'm not interested in killing yourself yet. Or at least walking. I'm going to talk to you about how that works in the context of full body work. I've split in a minute. But we also got Dr. Mike. He has another video with this guy, volume needs to more growth. And we have studies looking up pretty high volumes. So I recently looked at the research myself as well. And we have around eight studies. Looking at high volumes and excess of 20 sets per week per muscle per muscle. Warded 26 per week per muscle. That's what I categorized as extremely high volumes for most people. And when you look at all of these studies a few dozen studies, as I mentioned, you see that going up in volume from say 10 sets to 30 or even 40 sets leads to dairy or even 40 sets. It leads to white or growth more growth. I was previously on the channel to discuss that infamous 52 set quality. And that is one of many studies that I've looked at higher training volumes. Yeah, past 20 sets. And when you aggregate all of those, what you find is that there is a dose response relationship between volume and high-perrophy. Can you see high-perrophy even with low volume approaches like high intensity training? Yes, really see your best type of photography. It's pretty unlikely, right? You will likely see more high-perrophy if you go with higher volumes. High intensity training and high values. What's on the high volumes says, right? The more volume I'm giving you the most amount of growth. Now, why is that important in the context of a full body workout? Well, it's me. Let's say you're doing like some kind of broke split. Where you're doing one body part per week. Let's say you're doing chess once a week. All right? And maybe you pick, you got to kill it if you're only doing once a week. So maybe you pick four different chess exercises, maybe some bench press, incline, dumbbell bench press, maybe some incline flies, cable crossovers, that's a pretty substantial chess workout. Especially if you're only doing once a week, it's probably due to that amount. All right? You do four sets of each exercise. That's going to give you 16 sets. But you'll probably be too sore to do more sets during that week. All right? That's probably all you got. That's probably just your chess day. Right? And you probably won't hit chess again that week. Mostly all that's Monday. Right? That doesn't sound like a good Monday for you. You did 16 sets. Yes, you're chess day. Right? Now, if you do that every day, you have done 823 sets of chess that year. Right? Now, let's say you did three full body workouts per week. And during that full body workout, you did two chess exercises. Four. So you did four sets of two exercises. If you did that three times a week, right? That's only equal about four about 24 sets. That's only equal 24 sets for you. We're already talking about better. We're just starting to get into that range. We're those doctors. It was optimal for growth, right? But here's the booty of it. That's a strap and late that over 52 weeks, right? A whole year. Obviously you're going to take days off, but just for math. Let's just say 52 weeks. Now you end up with 1,000, 248 sets per year chess. If I do 50% more chess work than you is stands to reason, much has gone get bigger in that year. Right? But if you're someone like me who's been trained, and you can take more volume, let's say you did four full body workout per week. Again, the same, the same exercise that you go to do four sets of two exercises, each full body workout per chat. Right? That's going to have you at 34 sets. Per week, which is like that started to reach into that optimal range that the doctor was talking about. You do that over the course of 52 weeks. Now you've got 1,664 sets per year. That's twice as much as the guy who had chess day. You guys get this, this is real. You get more sets per year, right? But more importantly, that is the protein synthesis of cars. Because now you're working the muscle more frequently, because you're not killing the muscle each workout like you did if you were doing one body part per week. You can work the muscle out more frequently. And remember, protein synthesis only lasts 48 out. This is because your sword doesn't mean you're growing. If you're working out every other day, now you're in a concentrated protein synthesis, you're going to get way more days of protein synthesis per week. But here's where it gets even better. We all know that if you want to put on the most size, it's an opto to do compound movement as opposed to isolation movements. It's not going to be all compound movements on your chess day. But the average person maybe does one or two compound movements and then some isolation movements. But those of you are just catching up, a compound movement is sometimes called multi-joint movements where you're incorporating a multiple muscle group. So a compound movement for chess would be the bench press because you're using your shoulders and your delts and your triceps to get the bar up. Right? Well, isolation movement is something more like table crossovers. We're like the only movement one joint, right? And you're kind of just isolating the chess as opposed to a compound movement. But compound movements are what give you to stop. That's what you do to real-side. So not only are you getting doing more sets per year. If you do a full body workout the way I'm going to tell you that the how later in this video, you're basically doing almost all compound movement. You're getting more sets that are superior to half of the sets you're doing with a full body workout. Right? I was doing this when I was natural. Right? Before I went on TRT two years ago and I'm 42 now. But people accused me of being all-royed before this. I did only full body workouts. Almost exclusively compound movements. I got more sets than you and almost all my sets for compound movements are you were fucking around with cable crossover as shit. You know what I'm saying? It's superior in my opinion. You can read this on your own, but this is the study shows that proteins and this is not only last for about two days, right? Read this on your own there. The emphasize this a little bit more. I got my voice up from the mind pump. Podcasts of YouTube channel. I did an interview with them at long time where we were talking about this. And these guys, they're also proponents of full body workouts too, so check this out. There's a lot of people that I hear saying a lot of stuff that I've been preaching over the years. And I just like to talk to you about some of these things mainly full body workouts. Like I've been trying to tell people for years that that's like the best for a natural is when it comes to like building muscle. But you know, the body, really, the magazine is in all these other bodybuilders. And this other people say man, everyone does a split. Everyone does a split. You gotta do, you need to do a split to build muscle. You know, it's good at first to do full body, but you gotta either this all the time. And you shut these people up for me. You know, everybody knows south from my impuppies. They were on one of the best podcasts in the world. Very highly regarded people in this industry. So the thing you want to consider with split type of teams is first and foremost, the people that respond that tend to respond well to them, tend to be on a lot of gear. So a lot of these bodybuilders are on a lot of antibiotics. So there's a split, we're in Venice for guys on steroids. They were literally in Venice for guys on steroids. The bodies don't respond like most of ours do. And they're also genetic anomalies. These are guys and girls that build muscle very rapidly and quickly. In other words, the end of that old video, and I'm bigger than the end of that, out six years ago. All of the muscle building signal that they get from lifting weights probably stays elevated from much longer than the average person. The muscle building signal, so he's gonna talk about this. He's gonna mention protein synthesis, but he also gonna break down the signal that comes after you live weight. Now, they've actually done lots of studies on this. And the studies show that when you increase the frequency of what you train body parts, you're gonna build more muscle. There's actually, it's really not at the base. Studies have been done many, many, many times. So I'll give you an example of what I'm talking about. Now, you talk about full body workouts. That's what we promote as well. The reality is you can do a split. You just wanna do a lot of frequency of training. And this is what I mean by that. If you took your chest, for example, and let's say you train your chest on Mondays and you did 15 sets per chest, you're gonna be better off doing five sets per chest, but then doing five sets three days a week. Same total volume, triple the frequency. Basically, he's saying even if you did the same amount of volume, I was talking early in his video about increase in the volume. He's talking about even if you do the same amount of volume and just space it out with frequency, you're gonna gain more muscle because of what he calls the muscle building signal. He's gonna go into this in a minute. I want the studies show is when you, when you hammer a muscle in the gym, you have what's called a muscle building signal. That muscle building signal can be different or independent from recovery, but that means is your muscle was starting to build and it's starting to recover. Those can be two separate things. Studies will show that that muscle building signal elevates right after workout and peaks at about 48 to 72 hours. And they measure protein synthesis. It was what he said. Do this with something called muscle protein synthesis. Do you wanna meet? Even though you may still be sore, your muscle building signal is starting to drop. So if you hit your chest real hard Monday by one day, that signal starts to decline, but now you're waiting an entire week to hit chest. What's more exactly? So what's more effective would be, hit your chest on Monday, get that muscle building signal by the time it starts to drop, you hit it again, by the time it starts to drop, you hit it again. And so you're staying in this anabolic state all the time and you build much more muscle. Same total volume, nobody's saying, cut your workouts. I'm saying more volume. What's sour to say in his, he's referred to studies that even with the same total volume, if you just broke it up, right? You'd have more protein synthesis, which means more muscle, right? I'm talking about more volume, because that's what some of the new studies come out to say. That's what Dr. Mike is saying more volume. I implore you man to start doing a full body workout. Try it for 90 days, see if you don't make some more games, right? And I wanna break down with this to look like for you. We did the math on set. So you're gonna get more sets per week and per year. If you do a full body workout, if you do the way, I'm gonna explain. But for everybody part, pick two compound exercises, right? So if you're working, I'm just gonna say lakes, that's a clue's quads, glutes, hamstrings. If you're a bodybuilder, you might have to isolate quads, glutes and hamstrings, right? But you're just a fucking guy, bro. All right, you got about the window competitions, right? If you are gonna win a competition, that's all but you don't gear, you need to be doing some different anyway. You're just a guy. You're gonna pick two of the exercise that I'm gonna say here. Bar real squads, low bar squads, I think they're preferable because they work your posterior chain better, right? You get more glue activation, and they're less stressful in your knees because you're not to stand so erect. Bar real squads, the low bar variety, or front squads, which is different mechanism, but still good. Leg press, Bulgarian split squads. I'm not a fan of those only because, I'm doing cardio when I'm switching legs, but you might like a, or hacksquads. Pick two of those exercises that's gonna start off your full body workout. Then for calves, pick two exercises. You're gonna either pick standing calf raises or sitting calf raises. Don't make it complicated. If you've got a donkey press machine here, Jim, you can bend over and do that. Chess, go pick two of these exercises. Bar real bench press, incline bench press, decline bench press, dumbbell bench press, incline fat, bench or decline variety, weighted dips, everybody part. You're gonna pick two exercises to four sets of each. For your back, you can pick bent over rows, pull ups, T bar rows, chin ups. I'm leaving dead lifts out of it just because dead lifts are not the best for high purge, right? Dead lifts are great if you wanna get stronger or you gotta support and need to perform it. But if we're just talking about getting big muscles, you know, I didn't need that lift. Shoulders, two exercises. Overhead press, bar bill or dumbbell variety, push press, freestanding hands, damn push up. That's what I did. I'm gonna first shoulder workout. If you can't do that, then you know, that'd be getting up bar. Triceps, you serious about building size on your triceps. I think the best exercise is close group bench press because it's like one of the few exercises that are just like a compound movement that focuses on your triceps. And the same goals for biceps, the revered movement, like close group chin ups are gonna be fucking crazy for your biceps. Look at any gymnast look with the cash that they're doing, you know, they don't like do curls, right? They do an mc chin ups, right? You can do dips for triceps. You can do overhead triceps extensions, but those are ones that I prefer. And biceps, chin ups, pull ups. If you wanna focus on your biceps, what are you doing? Chin ups and pull ups. Make sure you like out your elbow at the bottom. Right? If you want it to focus on back, don't like your elbow at the bottom. But if you don't want to focus on biceps, then you wanna lock your elbow. What happens is, the reason you don't want to do it, if you focus on back as your bicep will get too exhausted. If your bicep is a small, the muscle group, it'll fail before your back fail. If you wanna train back, focus on back, then don't lock out the elbows, and it won't recruit as much biceps. Another thing you can do to make it more bicep or back, put your thumbs around like this, either on chin ups or pull ups. And think of your hands as just like hooks. And you won't recruit as much as your bicep when you're doing pull ups. This way you can exhaust your back without your bicep getting this tired. If you want to focus on biceps, also move your thumbs around this side, like grab it like this. But for chin ups and pull ups, if you wanna focus on that, you can throw some bicep, the isolation movement's all for your arms, cause you know, you want to some curls with your girls, try steps, what a, I ain't got one for that. They're at the end of the chain, right? Your biceps, if you want to do what isolation movement is all except for calves and arms as well. But you definitely wanna have at least one of those, one of those cop-out movements with a tricep and bicep focus. Pick two of those exercises, do four sets of each, three times a week, if you've been training for longer and four times, if you're like me, I've been training for 25 years. I don't even get sore. I haven't been sore in years, right? So I do full body work every day, something like this every day, and I just wait till life makes me make take a rest day. Like if I got a fucking fly in a bunch of events, you know, life is gonna get in the way. I don't plan a resting. This is one of the reasons why people were saying, I was on steroids before I even went on TRT, because I'm doing more sets than yoga for yes. Almost all my sets are compound movements. Why wouldn't that get bigger than yoga for yes? If you're somebody's been working out for a long time or your training, you wouldn't learn how to make money. By starting your online fitness business, I actually got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. The link is in description, go ahead and check that out now.

=== FILE: Skills You NEED To Make Money In Business [TIER LIST] [G1Maqu2EqHI].txt ===

Alright, in this video I want to break down the skills that you need to build a successful business. I'm well suited to teach you these skills and to rank them for you. Because over the years I've built several multi-eight figure businesses and I've also coached a lot of entrepreneurs and helped them build their business as well and I'm going to rank the top skills you need to build your business. Alright, I got this tier list set up and I got all the skills I think you need. Here's the rank system is a ball and out of control. Alright, that's the most important one. Then baller. It's important. Good, it's like, yeah, I mean, it's good if you have this. Okay, so I guess fine. And then BS like bullshit. A strategy would be in this category. We're going to start with the number one skill. I'm not going to waste your time. We're going to skip the floor playing and go straight to the penetration with sales. Sales is ball and out of control. Here's the thing about business. If you don't make sales, don't make money. Alright, sales are the life blood of a business. Both of your efforts, especially when you start now, is making sales. Everything else to take care of is to make sales. When you've got a business, it's the most important thing. If you be not making sales, you don't have a business. You have a hobby. In fact, in my organization, I always look at it like this. I really feel like sales is the new skillist. And then all the other departments work for the sales team. Some of the departments like marketing, right? When I'm on the marketing meetings, I'm like, how do we get our sales team more leads? But also how do we structure our marketing so it makes the sales teams job easier. And then customer service or fulfillment, I feel like they work for the sales team. They have to do a good enough job satisfying the customer. So the sales team gets testimonials and the sales team can use those testimonials to make more sales. And if somebody's on some sort of payment plan, we need to make sure that they're successful in their satisfied with their products, so they keep paying food to sales team. Right? So I really feel like sales is the new skillist. And everybody works for the sales team. That's how my mind works. Now, I have a bias because I've been doing sales for 25 years or so. And I started off as a sales person, right? So I have that bias, but I really think it's important. Also, if your sales team is good, it covers up a lot of scenes. For example, if you're running ads to a particular product or service and you have a sales team, taking orders, if the sales team is converting that to high rate, then the ads don't even have to be that good. Like I remember when I first started running ads, I wasn't good at first. Everyone in ads, like my cost per lead was trash, you know, everything I was doing on the ads side was kind of trash. I figured, man, as long as I get enough leads, I know that my clothes rate is high enough that I can aburton profitably. Once I got further along, I wanted to optimize the market in as little but to get me as long as you got to sales popping, it covers up a lot of scenes, a lot of problems in your business. You can still fuck shit up, but you could also save your business if sales fuck up. I can not tell you how many times I've been to business. It's like, I don't know what we're going to do, man. We're going to make payroll. Like, Mom, we're going to have the money to pay everybody. And it was like, fuck man, I just went on the sales rampage. And then, saying, give me every lead you can, let's go. And then I just started calling up leads, calling calling calling it in, I literally saved different businesses multiple times with the sales. And then an uncleeting bus sales, if you are good at sales, this is if you're in business or if you're just a sales person, you can get paid more for the same amount of work. It's a multiply. For example, if there's two sales people in their both working 40 hours a week, one has a 25% close rate, meaning they're close in 25% of people that talk to. And the other one has a 50% close rate. And they're close to 50% of people that talk to get the second guy is making twice as much money for the same amount of work. They're taking the same amount of calls, but because the skills are so high, he's making twice as much as the other motherfuck. This is super important. Sales is a force, a multiply. If you can learn sales, you'll never go broke. For example, I have a lot of confidence to take financial risk and to go super hard, you know, maybe go on an out-of-the-lead sometimes because I know no matter what, if everything falls down, this is a sale, she just falls apart. I can just do sales and make just as much money as I am now. I call up one of my homies, whereas I offer or something, but let me do your sales, right? Well, I'm at the little now because I let me run your sales team, you know? And I know, or let me train your sales team for, you know, or percentage of the commission. And I know I can get them off because they're selling their asses off. I know because I've done it. Not because I needed to, but I have friends who have sales teams and they'll call me in to talk to their sales team. I went in their businesses, started working with their sales team, and improved their sales teams, clothes rates, and they started making way more money. Right? Let's move on. The cousin to sales is marketing. I'm going to say marketing is ballroomer. Now, some people would reverse these because there is a thing where if the marketing is good enough, the sales doesn't have to be good. Right? If you're marketing, it is a really, really good. You don't have to be a good sales person. For example, if the rock wanted to sell online training, hey, I'm going to train to be born like he wouldn't have to get on a sales call with you, or on a long zone with you, he just said, hey, I'm offering online training, linking the bio and you wouldn't have to have no copy on the page or that no cool sales letter. There's a fucking bilingual in that shit was sellout, right? Because he's the most famous actor on earth. Right now, he's marketing himself to a point where he doesn't have to be good at sales, right? The marketing is so strong. However, that's super difficult. I think that's more difficult than learning sales. Personally, that's why I put it at ballroomer. But if you're in being an amazing marketer, then it's more scalable. You can be able to bigger business with good marketing. I think I'm no political ties. I'm not even going to tell you what I'm voting for. I don't care when it's the election. I'm not a Democrat or a Republican. But I think Donald Trump is the best marketer of all time. And the reason I say that is because you don't have to population the bull for him and become president without ever holding public office. No tracker in public office. Right, think about that. There's only one other person to do it. And his name was Dwight, the Eisenhower. He had to kill Hitler and save the world. Right. He had to fucking save the world. To do it. Trump just had to be a good marketer. That's not a policy decision. I'm not saying he's a good or bad guy. I think he might be the best. And as far as companies that I think market really will are Apple, Apple's probably the best in my opinion. I know that because before the in one chip came out, they were using Intel processors. Which means the insides that computers were the same as the PCs. They were able to sell their ship for almost twice as much. You know a bit, I get the operating system was a little different, but not different. I know because I used to build PCs. So I know how much. And it was like, yeah, these are my first really got them pay twice as much. And for the same ship. When the in one came out, that's what they changed. That's when I switched over the map. When it came out with the new chip. Anyway, I don't learn it out. I think Apple is great. Here's another reason I know it. Samsung makes some better phones than Apple. I know because I used to have both. I switched the Apple because the market in was so good. The green bubble, the most of the start shaming you for that ship. There's studies online that show that guys with green text get less dates. Well, because my have a more expensive phone. My girlfriend. When I first met her, I texted her from my Android a night swim. That shit was one of the best Samsung's you could get. And she said, you're Texas green. I can't tell you how many times I heard this. Listen, I switched phones. But that is. That's margin right there, man. Yeah, that's it. All right. Let's move on. Financial management. I'm going to put this as a baller. Like financial management in a county is fucking critical. You got to be able to really manage your finance and manage the books. Because if you don't do that, you could fuck around and make a lot of money. A steel gold bank. I had known people who had record years in their business, ended up losing money. Because they didn't know how to manage your finances. Right. Cypals, growths of organizations. I've seen it take down or organizations. Because they just didn't manage their finances appropriately. I learned how to do a county in college. I don't really know how you're going to learn a county without going to college. I'm sure you can't. Some kind of way. But you know, I was lucky enough to cook out. But it's super important. And you could hire someone to do it. But they can also rip you off. You know what I'm saying? You got to be on top of your shit. I do the county from my business to day to day stuff. But I hire people to do taxes. And you should like that. But I'm still looking at every transaction every day. Catarizing it. I know Zack was going over when my business and my money. Let's go with the next project management. I'm gonna put this as baller. Because I dealt with other businesses when you know doing like partnerships or we do different ventures with other people's business. Sometimes we start working with these motherfuckers. Me and my project manager, my CEO, oh Amber, we'll be like, fuck, these motherfuckers are a mess. Like the way they communicate, the way they plan shit is a mess with like we were in shit. Kinda, you know, it's like a type organization. One way I learned this, it was a guy. But he used to put together the project management strategy for click phones, which is like, you know, honey million dollar business. And I became cool with him. And he taught me the project management out where we used software to do it. Right. When I was in charge, we were using Trello. But now my CEO, oh, to use the click up right now. If you get some sort of project management software, you can use click up a sauna, Trello, base camp. Any of these software is this is really going to help you be more efficient with your team. More even for yourself. When you set a goal, you can write each step of the goal and then you put dead life in each step. But it assign each step to an individual person on your team. And then at a glance, you can look at it and see where everybody's at. If somebody's behind, you can be like, hey, asshole, get your shit together, you know. And everybody can see where everybody's at as far as a project. So concern, otherwise it just gets, it doesn't get done. I think people try to run organizations like this. And it usually fails unless the only people are seeing be successful with having fucking shitty project management. People who are like amazing marketers. Right. So we were dealing with this influencer. The ass like millions of millions of followers. So he could so many leads. But their organization was a fucking mess. They were still profitable because the influencer were so good at marketing that he got so many leads in. It's like, it'd be hard to fuck that up. But if they really get their shit together, man, they could probably be making like 10 million dollars a year if they had a better infrastructure. So this is nothing just like a multiply. You get the whole team on one page and you move faster. You want to go fast? Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go together. But everybody got to be on the same or the fucking page and everybody had to be moving. You had to be able to see where everybody's moving. You're being able to manage that shit. It's super important. Negotiating. I mean, listen, it's good. But I think people over sale, negotiation, right? Because I got really good in negotiating. I was studying here, read a lot of books. If you're good at sales, you end up being good in negotiating. But there's a point of diminishing returns when negotiation. You can negotiate so well that you can get exactly what you want out of the negotiation. But somebody who can do a business with they don't get enough. And if they don't get enough, they're not incentivized to work hard and they start half ass in the project. So it's almost better get so good at negotiating. I was getting whatever I wanted. But then the people I would partner with, they agreed to it because I'm good at negotiating them and I'm persuasive. It ended up not being very good for anyone. It's even me because they weren't invested enough for me to get their all. Honestly, it's better to make sure that everybody gets enough of the pie where everyone's incentivized to work hard. Because if everyone is incentivized to work hard, then the pie will get bigger. I'm a boy rhyme in this one said this man, it was like, dope is quote. You said, I don't care how big my slice of the pie is as long as the pie is who wants. You get them saying, but people worry about percentages and they worry about how much they're getting. For example, I used to manage influence. I had the business where I would manage influencers. People had a big following. We would help them build businesses. Digital products or physical products, me and my team would do everything because we could have project management where we're good at like all the other shit. And they're just good at like making videos or fucking being on Instagram or some shit. They were good marketers, right? And we did everything else from and we split it 50 50. Most of them were cool with that because they was way more money than whoever made and we were doing like all the work. They just had to keep making the same videos they've been making but like, we're like, we're getting shout out some shit at the end of it. But there was one influencer I remember. We were going to do a product with them. It feels like, man, I can't do 50 50 man. I'd give you like 15%. I'm like, oh man, we're doing all the work. I'm putting the money for the website, I'm putting the money for the CRM. I'm going to be putting up my own money for the ads. It's like, I can't really do that. You know, I need 50% to make that work out. And he was like, no, I mean, it's going to be a multi-million dollar business man. I want to do it. All right. I'm like, all right, man. You're like, well, all this shit did you see in your himself? One guy and he failed. You don't even be influenced in a more mean. I think this motherfucker got a job, right? But it's like he was so concerned about his slice of the pie being the biggest, the actual pie doesn't fucking exist anymore. Right? The keys to make sure everybody gets enough of their incentivized to work hard. You want to go far. What a gap. Customers service? I'm going to put this in good, you know, as long as the customers are satisfied. It'll be good because you want to make sure that you read good testimonials. And if you get really good testimonials, then that's going to really go to help you to market an effort. For example, when you see me promoting my business, high ticket trainer, where I teach trainers how to start their online businesses, I am always just showing the testimonials, man, because I can't say anything, but if I show you what everyone is. The results everyone's getting and it'll be super satisfied. You got to know how to talk to angry customers. I still don't really happen. Right? You know what? I guess it happens to some people sometimes. People know who they can fucking talk crazy to. People look at me and believe, get a man to six foot two black guy who's 210 pounds. Let me start yelling at him. Self preservation may outweigh their anger in those underlaterative senses, but you might have to do it anger because I don't think the customer is always right, man. If somebody yells at my fucking staff, we just kick him out. Like we were playing basketball and you got him a fucking point guard face, I might fucking fucking fuck you up, you know, you see, let me go get a flagrant. I got to say the press in this out here. All right, it depends on where you are with your business. Right? If you just start in, then it's good. But once you start making some bread, you want it to be here. Networking. You know, networking is bullshit, bro. Here's the thing about network. It only works when you have it pop. Muffin's ain't got nothing poppin. None of the show for themselves. And he's like, man, how do I network with people? I'm like, tell you don't, man, because you don't have nothing to offer these people. All right? So really what you're asking me is, how can I siphon value from these other motherfuckers? Right? Because you know, I ended up the offer. You got to get shit poppin first and this are networked. But here's the thing, once you got shit poppin, you don't even need the network. It might be helpful. It's cool. It's fine. I really don't think some of you need folks on. Like, I just don't believe that, man. I built a million out of businesses, man. Without motherfuckin help from motherfuckers. Right? I had mentors this shit, but I wasn't out here in network and going in network events. I'll do this now. And I'm super rich, right? And that's how my network is. I got it poppins at the point where motherfuckers reach out to me. But I don't need them. That's where it's most effective. You don't need each other. And then you can have a mutually beneficial relationship. But to focus on that when you don't have shit poppin, you're just trying to siphon value from others without anything to offer. And it doesn't work. You can get shit poppin on your own. And then once you have shit poppin, that work in a busy leadership. What you're going to put in ball and out of control. Leadership is super important. But you want to think about it the way I think about leadership. You ever see the birds flying in that V formation doing their migration. The reason they do that is because the bird in front is working hard in all the other birds in the aerodynamics of the bird formation makes it easier for the other birds to fly. What do you call somebody's a friend? Leader. The leader is working hardest. So my employees I feel like I work for them. I don't feel like all they work for me. I'm the boss. No, no, I work for them. And as a responsibility that I don't take lightly. These motherfuckers livelihoods depend on me. Someone got kids and stuff, right? You know, that kids dad doesn't eat because I thought, I'd feel like shit. I work for them employees. My job is to make their job easier to help them succeed and put them in the best position to succeed. You just watch the grates, especially in an NFL like the quarterbacks like the leader at a team. When they went a game in the grates, they never be on the lege house. I'm then nigga. Can't nobody tackle me. Every time my throw some shit is dope. The only reason we got them in the sessions because that bitch nigga couldn't catch. He ran his routes right. Not they never did a Patrick Holmes with never. When they lose, he says yo, it starts with me. We got the better start with me. I got to put my guys in the best position to succeed. I remember he threw a pick six, which is rare for Patrick. And he was like, yeah, I got to put the ball in position for him or see if he would get it. It was, I saw that game and it was a receiver. So, right? But Patrick, you know, he protected his guys and see the leader. You know what I'm saying? That's what the great leaders do. It's they start with me. They never go out there and play him in a team or something. When they went in Patrick's and I like yo, I'm the best ever. I carried all these motherfuckin bombs to all these superbolls. They said they make kids at me. Right? He never talked and liked that. Right? He's all these fake in this team. He's staying in the cold. You know, that's what the leaders do. Right? The person in front is working the artist, just like that V4Mase. But another part of leadership is you got to know when to let other people lead. So it's like sometimes we'll have a project and we'll come up with the game plan together. Somebody on my team is in charge. They're allowed to tell me what they're doing at all circumstances. It's like yo, need me to go, yo, you want to charge. You let me know how you want to do this, right? Because we came over the plan together, but at that point he's in charge and you got to know when to step back. I'm not trying to big time them. It was like yo man. I hired you for a reason. You know what I'm saying? Like I like the hot. I was filming with eight in I was like yo, eight in Zax me a question of her brother. What do you see, man? You got the vision, man. That's yo domain, man. I'm a yo turf right now. You film me. I'm not trying to get me get the camera, man. What the fuck yo stand over you shut up. Do it. Like I would never. I got to trust the people I leave to do their job. I don't hire people to tell them what they do. I hire people to tell me what they do. Presumably, they're better than me in the domain. I hired them for you know, it also takes some pressure off me if I did a good job hiring. And I trust the people's like, hey man, you tell me, what do you see, what you want to do? That's a big part of the leadership, but not everybody can do that. Every sometimes people got a micrerande, they got to be in charge of everything. And it's difficult for them to go far. Another circumstance I see in it a lot. It's just like in that V formation, that doing in the front, he ain't flying the front the whole time. At one point, he's going to go to the back and another bird go to the front. Sometimes you got to put a bird switch, right? So, when me and Aiden now filming, I came over the plane, right? The old we doing this man, I out the corner, but once we on what's we on set, we put a leadership bird switch, man. I go to the back of the line formation, Aiden there for right now. He in charge. We filmed the video in the last last and he was like, oh, I'm gonna get we need another shot. I'm gonna ride this. I was riding the lecture skateboard filming us while we driving the car. Yo, is that good? You want to do it again? You can say now we got it in the short. I got it. Oh, man. You should watch what you want to watch that video. It's a video of me when I'm a test drive in cars. So, that's about to get in the car, right? That's a leadership bird switch right there. But you got to be able to hire good, hiring a recruiting. This is honestly I'm gonna put this in ball out of control. You can only do that with the right team. Initially, when I first started my business, people volunteer to work for me, right? And if they did good after a while, then we would actually offer them a job. I stopped doing it a long time ago because what I noticed is you end up with an army of incompetence. These motherfuckers don't know nothing about nothing. Sometimes you get what you fucking pay for, right? And these motherfuckers don't know nothing. Now we hire people who come with a skill set. My foot is got to be good. We teach them to ins and outs of shit, but then they got to be good. You know, when the image on a team I was teaching them out of edit videos. I don't do any of the hiring anymore because I am the touristy bed at hiring. I might be one of the worst ever. But I would do leadership bird switch. My CEO, Oh Amber, she does all the hiring. And she would be like, oh, we got these people like Amber. I don't care. Who in your pick? I trust you, man. You let me know when it's done. And see, does all that, man. It just is the leadership bird switch. You got to be good at that. Because Amber's a player. She fires the a players. And if you got a players, you're really safe to the next level. Let's go with legal knowledge. Good. You know, make sure you're breaking laws. You don't end up in the being. Take that up north trip. You're filming you be sent up state. Some bullshit. You might not know, right? Because either UK say I know it was illegal. You can't tell that to the judge. Me, you know, I pity on that. You got to note a knowledge or at least build a hire someone said that's a for a communication. I'm put it okay. Like some people write this hire. I think if you build the culture of your business, right? Then you won't have to alter your communication as much, right? Your communication is a super culture. You can't sense sort of the way I talk to my employees, the way I talk to my team, it fits within our corporate culture. It probably wouldn't work stuff. Yes, company, you know, or shit is crazy, right? It's made up. Existing. This is my list. You might not agree with this. Creativity. I put that as a ball of the electro control. And it's going to go with problems. So I'll be telling you what, did to get them. Because business is all problems of all business solves a problem. For example, I needed a delicious drink that's highly caffeinated that I can consume multiple times a day to a ball harder. It's still see you solve that problem for me. I needed a wireless mouse and keyboard for my computer, right? Because I ain't well, why are there such a fucking machine? A lot of tech solved that problem for me. I needed a timepiece that allowed me to not only till the time, but also flex on haters while studying on homes. Some will taste it. I needed to do all three those things at once. All right, Richard, Millay solved that problem for me. They were well compensated for that. So business is all problem solving. To find the problems, takes creativity, but to solve the problem takes a creative approach. You've got to figure out a way to solve that problem. And you might have to figure out a way to solve it in a way that's unique or cheaper or more effective than the competitors. Creativity is a skill, right? It used to be, you know, like, you know, no, no, I used to be selling a Sony records as a rapper and producer. Right now, the college, that sign of Sony records, because that, because when I was a college, I used to open up for all the artists that were popular in 2000s, the opened up for T.I. Nuda Chris. Kind of your West right before the first album came out, the Adblis, a bunch of others. And I ended up playing instruments, I played keyboard drums and guitar. Even though I got dropped from the label, right? I am not a successful musician right now. But the time I spent in music, I believe it's holding my creativity skills, right? I can tell I can think of ways to solve problems where other people may struggle in those regards. But also creativity is important for marketing. If you're making ads, where you're coming out with marketing materials, it's like all creativity. It's almost a art more than a science. I believe I honed my creativity skills in music, you know, coming up with songs, writing music, making beats, it's like, what's the beats on my usual video? I don't know if you're on new day. That's one of my problems. I'm just so talented. I'm good at so many things. It's like it's hard to focus. Right? If you can find ways to create a ways to solve problems, or create ways to market yourself, then it's a multiplier. You can get things done faster, and you can accomplish more to someone who's maybe just a copycat. Operation is managing. This is really good. Manage all the parts of the business, making sure that everything operates smoothly. I'm not great at that, but that's why I have Amber Chief Operating Office. This almost like she runs the business. Like I help come over the plans, but like she from the technical aspects and working with the people she's running every day else. At this point, first I did everything. But what's I got her to do it is like, okay, that freed me up with the focus on the other parts of the business. Right? It's super important because the business runs so much smoother now. Human resource management is this HR. It's okay. I can't speak to it because Amber does all this. Again, I'm not the person hire. It's very, it's fair-ported. It may be should be higher. The decision making. Good. You got to be able to make decisions, man. Especially if you're going to be a CEO, you got to be able to make decisions. You got to be able to be able to need to size it when you're making those decisions. If you can't do that, you know, sometimes people get stuck from paralysis of analysis, and they don't really make moves, or they make moves hesitantly or timidly with too much trepidation. They don't really get shit popping as a result. There's also a risk management. I'm going to put this here, risk management. Everything's a risk, even doing nothing is a risk. And you got to be able to weigh your risk when I want to take any risk in business or in life. I ask myself a few questions. One is, what's the worst that can happen? And I want to try to make it feel better. I don't try to surcoated or make it better that it seems like what's the worst that can happen. I'm like, the absolute worst. And then I think to myself, okay, can I handle that? And if the answer is no, if there's any possibility, the worst is like more than I can handle, then I don't do it. If the answer is yes, then it's like, okay, what do I need to do in order to make sure that either doesn't happen or if it does happen, now I'm still in a good position. So that's comes with like plant bees, back up plants, contingency plants. People think that I'm super brave and risk adverse, but reality is I'm super cautious because I go through that protocol. I'm able to be confident because I got game plans. And I'm like, whatever thing, I remember we had to do an event in a late few years ago. I made sure my team brought back up cameras, back up hard drives, did it in a backup computer, right? We just had a backup for everything. It was extra expense, and it was more arduous than it needed to be. And at the end, our normal boy brought, I was like, man, you made his bring all the stuff, we didn't even need it. I'm like, man, that's like saying, man, you were just see, but we didn't even crash. That's like me saying, man, I had life in shorts, 10 years, I didn't even die. I think of these things like this, so like, I don't plan on the worse happening, but I have a plan if it does happen. I have a contingency, right? I have a fire extinguisher in my kitchen, right? I don't plan on burning the motherfucking kitchen down. You don't say that. I think the likely that it's low. But in the event that motherfucking burns down, I got, I got, I got a game plan, but I'm like that with everything, like pretty much every move I'm made, I really think about what's the worst in happening, but not even what's the worst can happen, like first order consequences, right? What's the worst thing that happened immediately? But then what's the result of that? That's second order consequences. I go with that, me. And then third order consequences, like what would that mean? This one is the offers, how to make offers. I think this is like baller super important. When you're selling a product of service, it's like, oh, like what's the offer? What are you selling it for? If you're selling coaching, okay, what kind of coaching are you doing? What are you going to give the client in for how much? Like, how do you structure the offer? You want to get offered to be so good. They would feel stupid. If they said no, that's a damn candid quote. And if you do that, that makes the sales easier. I mean, I'm going to put it in ball. Because if your offer is fucking a no brainer, then the market in the easier and the sales are easier. And it really makes everything easier. That's my list of skills you need to build a successful business. I have another video I'm going to put somewhere right here where it's going to be all about the lessons I learned being in business over the last decade and a half that's helped me build multiple millions of school check that video right now.

=== FILE: Step-by-Step Guide to Your First $1M Business [No BS] [Nq4BlKy7QiU].txt ===

When I first started my online business, it was a lot more difficult than it is now. Started around 2009-ish, around that time. I started as an online trainer, and starting online business was significantly more difficult than it is now. We didn't have all the tools that we have now. In this video, I'm showing you a new tool that was helping you build your online business. Quicker and easier than I think I've ever seen in my life. It's called WAP.com. First, I'm gonna show you why I think it's a game change. When I first started, I had to have a website, I had to have a payment processor to some of the did you can take payments with, so you can accept credit cards, because you can't run a real business, taking cash, shopping, zill, even though those things didn't even exist back then. And if I wanted to sell a course or a coaching program, I had to have a membership site to host everything. And this was super difficult to do all this simultaneously, and then try to link all these things together. A lot of people use something like click funnels. I made a lot of money with click funnels, but before I used click funnels, before click funnels was invented, I had to make my first funnel by coding with HTML. I don't even know if you young kids know what that means. Well, I don't even know. Y'all might have thought it was like a sexual orientation, or something. But now HTML is a coding language. I had to learn HTML and actually build my website. Then click funnels came out and made it a lot easier. I made a lot of money with click funnels. I got there two comma club, where I got several two comma club awards. That's the award they give you. And you have a business with click funnels that does over $1,000 a year. I have several of those. You'd have the one in the world. You do $10 million a year. I have that click funnels award too. But then I still had to have another payment processor. I had to take payments. So a lot of times somebody would use something like stripe. Probably one of the most popular ones now, but I was taking payments with PayPal stripe. And then you got to have a membership site. A lot of times people would use something like the Kajabi or something like that. And you had to find a way to make all of these things talk to each other. And you got to integrate them all. Now I'm going to show you how you can do this whole thing from your phone with one service. It's called WAP. I'm going to show you how to build your own course right now. How you can set up a landing page with the website. How you can set up the payment processing and build the membership site all from your phone. No coding. You don't have to do HTML. You can do it all in one place. So you go to WAP from the app mute after you sign up. You can have different kind of businesses set up by a few businesses in here. I just started doing running my online coaching to hear just the payments. I've been taking payments. Mollonon coaching. When I actually train people, I take the payments to WAP now. I just started doing this like a week ago. What I realized is you can build your whole goddamn business with this shit. So let's say I wanted to start a new course. Let's say I want to sell a course or a membership program. Let's say we're doing sports bed. This is something I'm not going to do. We're going to call our sports bed and victory picks. It's going to be a sports bedding group. All right, victory picks. Money on your favorite sports. I say we ask somebody knows how to sports bed. Boom, now we're building victory picks. Now we have to upload some media. We can take a photo of this, right? So you just go to your media, boom, upload a photo. I just had this one on my phone. And I just happened at our own ad. All right, victim. Now we got to add a description. Weekly sports, bets and parlaze. I guess that's what you'll be talking about. All right, I could add a short bio by myself. I'm not going to do that right now. But what's really important is I can create a plan. Remember I said before you had to connect the different payment processor to your website. But we'll, it's built in. Wap has their own payments. Their payments are so good that with my online coaching, when I train people, I still train some people online. And I do the payments through Wap. Payment processing is good enough to just use that. But it's way bigger than that. You can put a FAQ and then here's a place where you're reviews and then you have some other wops. I mean, you've got to remember his wop is like a cardee be song. Wet ass profit. You're filming. All right, I can add a logo. If I want, I use that same image. We can build our course, literally straight from the ad. Now later in this video, I'm going to show you more about how to build courses, how to market them. You've got to have some of the sale first. That's where Wap comes in. So you build your profile. Great. Now we want to add our plans for our payment. We need to add a plans. All right, we can make it free if we want. I'm not doing that. All right. So it can be a single payment. You can pay once and stay in forever. Or you can do a subscription. Let's do a subscription. We're going to charge, pick the victory picks. Man, we got to charge at least 100 for the victory picks. And it can be once. You set it up as like his payments. So they pay a few times or you can make it infinite. Right, as long as you win, man, you win it. All right, you can set up a free trial if you want. Maybe you want to set up a free seven day trial. Let them know, man, man, get away. We are here getting money. Home, you need to get this money with us. Set up a little free trial. And we'll get set up an initiation fee if you want it. You can charge them a thousand dollars to get started. But you don't have to do that. You don't want it. We can add to a wait list. Now we can add what's called a app. All right, so this is pretty cool. Now they have these things in your car apps. What kind of stuff do I want in my community? But maybe I want a chat in there. All right, so now I got a chat and I can set that up. Now I can add some more apps. I maybe I got a paid section of my discord. You can add this and link your discord in there. Somebody would have to join through my walk and then they get access to a secret paid area. My discord. A lot of people run a walk like that. So I got the discord in here. I got the chat. Let's see. I want to add some more. You can set up a access to your paid telegram group. And this and this was cool with the telegram and the discord. The integrations with walk is if somebody misses their payment or they cancel their WAP subscription, they automatically kicked out of the discord and they're automatically kicked out of the telegram. So you don't have to do it yourself. Like I think that's incredible. And but maybe I want to add like a whole goddamn course in here. Explain to my philosophy on sports beds. All right, so I'm cool. Come in and make my course. And you can make your quarter from your phone. Create course now. How? Two beds. One, Sports. Ten you. We bet. Right. How to pick the best. Winning teams and parlaze. Cool. Cool. Bam. Now I can go into my course. It already says me up. So I got the first chapter in the first lesson. I'm going here. Go chapter one. Lesson one. I could upload the file right now. Upload file. Let's say I already had to file on my phone. Bam. Upload it. It's about to be up in here. Now it's just processing. We can create new lessons. I can create another lesson here. Boom. Multimedia text, PDF, whatever it is. Or I can create a whole new chapter. So as many like chapters or these can be modules. Make as many as you want. And what's cool about this is I can make it so they actually have to complete it in order. It's more focused case skip around. And that's a really cool feature to have. They can't skip around. They got to do an incest sequential order. Maybe I can do that. And I could do my whole course here. Go back here. Upload an image. Bam. Create something like a form. Boom. So I'm going to the form. But maybe I don't want everyone talking to the form. Maybe it is where I want to do my announcements. So boom. Only the admins. Me and my other sports bed and teams can do it. But maybe I can let them comment or something. Cool. And I got a web hook to the discord if I want to. And that, I'm pretty much done. Building my whole course. I can take payments right now. I can take payments right now. That easy. So I'll set up of course you're going to have to put your bank information in and order back in. I can start selling this right now and I did it all from my phone. If I had the videos. And I think this is amazing that you can do this now. Because remember, I had to do HTML when I started in all nine. And I had to have a bunch of different programs. And I had to try to link them all together. Sometimes they wouldn't be able to talk to each other. Wopp is doing a promo where if you made $3,000 in your first 30 days, they have some different rewards for this contest. They're going to feature you want to build board in time square. Because they're based in Manhattan. Time square. But they have other prizes too where they're going to fly to New York. Two nights stay in New York. All expenses pay. You get to visit the Watt Pack orders. They got tons of employees. It's like a really big, well-funded company. And they're going to take you to a five star Waggle steakhouse. Yeah, this is amazing. You definitely want to miss out on this. Even if you've got a course for using some other processes, you need to start fucking Watt, right? Because this is, I think this is the future. Like we're slowly moving all of our stuff over there. I'm already doing my own nine coaching over there. And moving our victory trades program over there. And, you know, I'm in the process of moving my entire business to Watt. Got a business or if you're starting one, I think you start with Watt. I have a link in my description right now. Where you're going to get started and you get access to it immediately. And it's free to sign up. We're getting this Watt money. But how do we promote our Watt? So now we got to promote it. We're going to use social media. And then we're also going to do use ads. We break down what this looks like. So with social media, we're going to use the platforms like Instagram, News Facebook, YouTube, and TikTok. And what we're going to do is we're going to create content. And you need to do at least once a day. Now, what kind of content are you going to create? It's really kind of took forms of content. The most important is going to be helpful educational content. The reason that's important is because if you're making helpful educational content, right, if you do, if you just do Wattyshit, what are going to you? No. Yep. Nope. Nobody made a goddamn dime doing that dumb shit. He crates none of them. Right. Yeah, you want to make content that helps people accomplish their goal. Kind of like I'm doing right now for your goofy. Yeah. Right. And you make this content and what happens? People share this content. This is how you grow social media. If you look at my, I don't know how to post it, but if you look at my most popular videos, it's like how to get a six pack, how to lose fat. Right. It's actually shit that helps people accomplish their goals. We not out of here being wacky and we're not being zany. That's a, that's a, this is a rookie. Do not do nothing fucking zany. Do not do nothing wacky. You are not a clown. Right. You are a educator, right. Ain't nobody buying no courses from flavor, flavor, even though he's entertaining, right. We're not trying to buy shit from him. We want to be, we want to position ourselves as experts in our field. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, we made with sports betting where we called it victory picks. I would do something like breakdowns, some of my parlaes that hit. And I would teach them how I came to those conclusions. Maybe even give them some free picks sometimes, right. A free picker to we go, man, this is my free parlae free parlae Sunday, man. Over time, these people like man, that his free shit's so helpful. I wonder what it's like to get to pay it. And don't be, give, don't be afraid to give them information. There's no way you can give them too much. In fact, you should go so hard. We give them information. And some people will just be free loaders and it'll just get to friction. But those people will become huge fans. They'll be social proof for you. So when someone who is like a real customer finds you and they see all these people who love you, even if they're not buying their social proof, they're showing the potential customers that you're the man. But then you also got to show proof. Right. So proof that your shit is real. You know, the testimonials is the best way. Reviews before and after. Alright, if you look at my story right now, go in my story on Instagram right now. I don't care when you're watching this. There will be some testimonials from my clients who I've helped them succeed. And I showed it all the time. And there's also going to be some hopeful educational content that was posted today. You know what I'm saying? This is what you do now. This is slow. How do you grow your following? By doing this, there's no tricks. The key to growing your following. Remember this, it's just in your brain. Post-dope shit consistently. That works for all platforms. Post-dope shit consistently. That's all you have to do. And you will grow over time. It may not be like a rapid hockey stick girl. You may not go viral, right? But you some of you should will go viral. If you're posting every day, you take 365 shots per year. Some of them is going to hit and then you'll get data from that. And you're going to get better at posting. Alright, so even if you suck at posting that, if you suck at social media, that's fine. Because not a lot of people watching you. What's going to happen is you, but if you post everything for a year, you're going to get good at this shit. You're going to get good at posting. You're going to get good at making content and you're going to learn what works, what resonates with the audience who it doesn't. But you can't skip that base where you got to actually just put in the work. Now let's talk about ads. If you want to speed things up, this is something what we did with Sput my homie splashman. It was in high school and I started mentoring him. He was selling like t-shirts. Based off of NBA players. Right? So like a James Hard in T-shirt. I think that's who it was the legal, right? I think he owes James Hard. He didn't wrestle in wrestle, wrestling works a money, right? So when he did was he paid for shoutouts to popular pages in his niche. So basically these, you see like mean pages or sports pages or pages where they just post shit, they not selling shit, but they have like millions of followers. How did they make their money? He's off a shoutouts. There's one thing I forgot about. Fruit is you got to be flexing a little bit too. If you're selling a fitness shit, then you need to flex house fucking strong. You are out fucking good. Your body is, you know, it might early days in YouTube. I never wore a shirt. You can't say it. I never wore a shirt. Even now, I don't even wear sleeves. I'm a 42 year old man. And you almost never see me with sleeves on. That's unheard of. I'm charred in New Brown. If you still have to make money, there's a reason I got on a $2,000 dollar watch. And Cartier bracelets in the audience. You got to want to walk in your image. If you're a relationship coach, you better be in a fucking relationship. You better be in a relationship. Otherwise you're a scam man. I know some bitches who called themselves relationships go to the end. And then bitches get a keep a man for shit. They scam. So you got to really be, you got a show that you really live this shit. The reason flexing is under, but because it's got to be proof that you really live this shit. Like you wouldn't hire a fucking homeless success coach. Would you know, you know what I'm saying? Now, some of you may be saying it all man, but Bill Bollachek, he's a good coach and he never, through a football, get shot the fuck up man. He am saying you live in the real world. You ain't trying to be Bill Bollachek. And you ain't paying Bill Bollachek for shit, right? He doesn't have to market himself. You have to market yourself to the masses. He just needs one person to iron. The GM of a fucking football team. You have to market yourself to a masses. So if we're going back to our victory bets, when we saw the sports set, bets is fake. I don't really do that. Right? But every fucking day, every Sunday, like Gilman, we hit the parlay, you know, bam, I'd be throwing money. You're saying, have my girl put on a bikini. You're saying, and I start throwing money at her titties. You're saying, we hit the parlay, we hit the parlay, and the titties bounce. The titties bounce and the money bounce off the titties. That's what I would be doing for that business. If I had a different guy business, I'd be doing something else. Right? Anyway, that's step one. The next step is you could actually run ads to your videos. If you have some good educational content, that content boom, you run ads to this. You don't do not go on Instagram and hit the promote button. Don't order boost button. That button was designed to take money, even people don't know how to run ads. The only way to do it is to actually go to the Facebook ads manager, set up a real campaign. And you want your target to be the campaign objective is going to be video views or engagement. Maybe it's engagement. And you run people when you pick the video you want to views, you just just put a video that's already on your Instagram. That's how you run a shit. Or if you do it on YouTube, it's a video that's already on YouTube. So something you've posted organically, when you posted some content, it's already doing well. And you basically run ads to that content. Do not hit the boost button. That button is the in the history of Instagram or Facebook, no humans to my knowledge. Have hit that button made money off of it. You have to go through the ads manager. I'm telling you, that's the way to do it, because you really have so many more options. If you've never looked at ads manager, you're going to be shocked, maybe even a little scared. And how detailed you can get your target in. And it's too much for me to go into now. You can target everybody who ingame with your video, right? Everyone who's liked the video or something like that. You could just target them, or you can make what's called a look-a-like audience. Instagram or Facebook will go fine about a million people just like those people. Right? And you can market it in to the look-a-like audiences. That's what you want to do. You can't do that if you hit the boost button. You know when you talk about something and you see an ad for it. Pop-up. Yeah. People who the Marvel's Rennet ad did it in the ads manager. They did not hit the boost button. These are the things you do to boost you, right? But you want to wait to already have a piece of content that's already popping. This is Go Man. I hope you all painted it. And then the next thing you do would be paid podcasts. Like you can pay people to go on their podcasts. And then you can just, especially if you got a sport, if they got a sports podcast or something to say, we're doing it. They got a sports podcast that was selling sports picks. Like we did before. Go on a sports podcast and pay them. Like these these podcasts, a lot of them make their money. A good portion of their money from the guests. A lot of these guests pay to be on a podcast. When you see somebody on a podcast, and you never heard of it before, he probably met. Right? If it's a pop of the kind of one. But you do it in this order. Is this this is step one? This is too much more sophisticated. And this is three. And if this is if you got some bread, if you don't get some bread, then you relegate it as quickly to organic social media marketing. But then these are the ways you run at. And boom, you're in all the traffic goes to your. Wow. Yeah. I think I just gave you a master class on how to build your course. I'm going to make another video on exactly how to put together of course. All right, how to structure one. You make sure you join while. Because if I wish this this kind of platform existed when I first got started, I would have got way richer a lot sooner. So go ahead and join. Wobb right now the link is in the description. They're doing a new contest. You get 3K in 30 days. You get the chance to possibly be flown out to New York. A billboard in Times Square. You know, five stars. State dinners. All types of really cool shit. Join Wobb right now. And hit the link in the description.

=== FILE: Stop Wasting Your Life - 7 Things I Quit to Go From Broke to Millionaire [qdtuQRzbSpc].txt ===

I used to be a broke ass M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M I've made tens of millions of dollars over the last decade or so And in this video, I'm gonna show you the things you need to stop doing If you wanna get rich too, if you wanna start making money If you wanna get successful Because everyone always asks me, What did you do to get success? What did you do to get money? What did you do to get in great shape? What did you do to get a girlfriend with big ass titties and a fat ass? There are things I do, but with some more important things I don't do Things you wanna take away that will actually add to your success In this video, I'm gonna show you what you need to stop doing So you can be successful Finally, take your foot off the goddamn break And start speeding down the highway of success You need to watch this whole video because the last one is one of the most important ones Without this one, hell you're as eminent And if you can't watch this whole video, then maybe one of the things you need to stop doing It's being a b*** Maybe that's why you pour surfing around the internet Looking for f*** videos on how to get rich Luckily you found a good one and if you taste some goddamn notes Listen to what a real mother f*** is saying You can come up here, man, on the mountain of success With us The first thing you need to do If you wanna be successful, this is critical Is you need to stop chasing holes It sounds like I'm joking But I'm dead serious Instead of chasing holes, you need to Chase victory 50 cents Want to sit on his album The Massacre On a track called Ride a Music And it's exactly 2 minutes and 30 seconds 50 cents You hustling backwards if you chase in a bitch Stupid chased the money they come with the shit True words have never been spoke Fielcher Want to sit Perk is said Mali perk is said Perk is said Mali perk is said Chase a check Never chase a bitch You motherf***ing be listening And my favorite quote along this line Comes from American rapper, designer And full time crazy person Kindly a Wes I don't know what's better Getting late or getting paid I just know that when I'm getting one The others getting away Think about it How much time you spend chasing these holes Trying to riz up bitches But if you just listen to 50 chase the paper They come with the shit I'm 42 and I know a lot of guys who are grew up with Who are not successful? These motherf***s are still broke And the number one culprit is because they spend too much time chasing bitches Going to the club chasing bitches Fying bottles Spin a money on fucking trinkets and Jewelry and shit to impress bitches It'll have nothing to show for But a bunch of funny stories Some illegitimate children Probably a few of them got some STDs But here's the thing If you get the money you can get mad bitches What how do you even try it? Check this out It's very important The main thing to help you get women is Looks money and status That's the the trifecta We're gonna put this in like three levels like level one like the top one percent of motherf***ers These are people who have maxed out either all or one of these right someone like Elon Musk He probably had a maxed out looks right but he's maxed out money right. He's the richest motherf***er Around just what he got a lot of baby mama's man every time what's on around He got a new baby mama or you can max out status This would be like famous people and be but but with with fame usually comes money as well right looks is like the least important one for men For women is the most important one but for us man you can go out here looks maxing if you want I'd rather you be out here money maxing do the best you can when it would all of them right I'm gonna put these in three categories the motherf***ing guys at the top of this graph and his guys in the middle it is graph These are average motherf***ers This average guys your your daddy was probably one of them you probably come up from a long line at ease my fucks And then there's people who are below average and looks money in status these are scrubs and I don't know about you man, but I don't want no scrubs sitting in the passenger side of his best friends right These are the categories you can be in right obviously they're gradients in this this is the divider divided by people who chase hose you Chase hose or hose Chase you now listen if you are a scrub you get no hose You just don't get no hoes not a one you got only fancy description Yes, well you spend your your money right no hoes chase you Hose on even notice you I hear whole say shit about my amnes like man in my amy nobody has jobs everybody just seems like they don't work I'm like That means you as didn't even notice though fucking waiter And this restaurant you didn't notice the bus boy you didn't notice the person working security in the building you living You don't even notice these motherf***er. They're not even people to you and that's what life is like when you are when you Scrup I know say you average if you average then you have average girls flaking on you flaking on you giving you the running round for your ass in the friend zone now if you average though big Slash Ugly hose once you big slash ugly hose once you let's say you went you get to this one percent right We're gonna show you to how to get to that to that top percent later in this video if you can manage to get here You reject more women than you chase some of y'all can't fathom that and then y'all man the knives and tens Who actually want you don't throw eights in there, man? It's a good number eight now the tens one you make sense of just get here Instead of chasing holes get here you and all that looks max in his shit like you can do it It's not as important for me. It's helpful for sure getting good shape Learn to groom yourself when I was young like you on 42 I grew up in the 90s I'm a South-Soch Kaga we was survive max We were survive max in man, but you focus on the money if you fly here money max And you'll be straight man looks max if you want get the status right, but that's the main The main thing right, but how do you get your fucking money up? You already stopped chasing holes you got to stop freestyling your days and you have to plan every hour of every day in your calendar Let me show you what a fucking baller's calendar look like I'm a bring my gun So check this out this is my calendar. I plan out every hour of every day in my calendar Right boom even from the time I go to sleep to wake up a whole fucking day is quarry grad This is even weekdays Sundays every day is quarry grad even today right you see there's no white space I plan to shit out this quarry grad I have my mean I got shit I need to do I trade every morning You know then I get my workout boom sales team meeting then you're spent some quality time on my girl Then I did a counting right now prep for the podcast then I did another workout Then I worked on some content then I did my meditation It's mother shit now I'm doing a pocket right and then even when I'm ago to sleep is on there You have to choreograph your day Bruce Lee said if you love life don't waste time because time is what life is made of if you are Not choreographing your day you're wasting so much time when I was broke It was right after my father killed himself and it was during the recession I couldn't get a real good job because it was the great recession of a way and record unemployment It was super bad and I just started working 80 hours a week I was personal training. I was working security. I was we get manager at a restaurant and I worked for a moving company all day every day Because I plan my schedule I still slept at my eight hours a night I still follow my diet and I still worked out because you can plan it you can choreograph your day I still work over 80 hours a week and I still have a great relationship with my girl I still got tons of amazing friends I still have an amazing relation with my son shit is dope because I plan my day To this for one week plan out every hour of every day Actually live out your calendar. I promise you you will get more shit done in that week than any other weekend in your life You guys out here freestyling a day is wonder and why you don't get shit done? Because you're not taking advantage of your most important resource time time is your number one resource And if you can finally take advantage of it you will start running circles around the people you surround yourself with people will stand in all Of how much you accomplish if you can do this for like 90 day If you did this for 90 days your whole life a change if you did it for a year People will fucking wonder what did you do to accomplish so much this year or palms you owe to this is my number one tip If I can never talk to the world again and I had to leave one piece of advice to help you be successful It would be this plan out every hour of every day in calendar watch your whole fucking life change if you're trying to you rid of any bad habits You don't have to do anything to you rid of the bad habits just feel your calendar up with this shit It's gonna help you conquer go look in my calendar when is their time to fucking gloom and play video game It's smoke fucking weed and get drunk Where where where when am I gonna do it? I guess I can squeeze in a goon here or there right? But like You have a whole fucking day full of victory and a whole week of victory the next thing you need to do quit doing is hanging out with mother fucking losers Losers will fuck you shit up you will become like the people you're around I know you heard all that shit, but there's studies to prove it I'm gonna show you here's the study that was done the researchers concluded that the more poor people have rich friends The more likely they are to become rich and they also said in the study the most important thing It when it comes to getting rich is having rich friends Economic mobility means moving across the economical hierarchy and they have a part two of the same study too Read at your own leisure Fucking nerds and it's called social capital part two So you can repart one or you can repart two why do you think having rich friends will help you become rich? I have a lot of rich friends all in ass friends and one of the things is that we pick up each other's habits because you will become like a people You're around this is the reason why people from different regions or different lands They sound they sound the same when you're in this the same region right? They dress the same little bit they use the same similar vernacular They weren't born with the shit. It's not an interdNA they involuntary really picked it up from people to around There's why they dress the same they have same habits a lot of time have the same religion You weren't born with the shit learning from people around you will become like the people around so if you're around People who are rich they probably have some habits that helped him get rich and you will naturally adopt their habits Don't believe you'll naturally adopt other people's habits check this out. There's another study This is about weight loss, but it shows that if you have a friend who's obese if one of your friends gets fat as fuck You have a 45% chance of becoming obese. This was a study published in the Wingland Journal of Medicine This I don't have to tell you guys about the New England Journal of Medicine I know you guys are avid readers, right? So I might be preaching so the choir a little bit right but the study also goes on this thing if a friend of a friend a third mother fuck But the fuck you don't even know if he gets fat you have a 20% chance of getting fat They took it a step further if a friend of a friend of a friend this person is three people removed from you You don't even know this other motherfucker and he this fat motherfucker if he gets fat You still have a 10% chance of getting fat and you don't believe you should read the fucking study Read the study, you know, I know you guys are always in the New England Journal of Medicine Right, so you probably already there right You become like the people you're around you become like the people the people you're around are around It's fucking deep so you really have to cure ages circle and if you around losers You gon start losing losing his contagious another study is from the Pew research center And this is divorcees contagious listen if one of your friends gets divorce you got a 75% chance of divorce in your bitch the voice is contagious, man your friends wife A second dick right he divorce her now you got a 75% chance of getting divorce because your friends wifeing second his dick right if you hang out with losers You will start losing but you hang out with winners you'll start winning more and here's another study saying the motions are contagious, right? If your friends are happy in the joint life you'll be more you'll be happier as well So 20 year study man you gotta kick the loses out your life. I'm not saying if one of your friends need help You don't help them like I'll help one of my friends for sure if my fuck's got bad habits and he's doing fucking bullshit You might have to disassociate yourself with them everyone knows this shit You all you become like the five people you're around right you motherfuckers don't take the shit into account with the women you date Yeah, I hit a nerve with some of you some of you motherfuckin women you're networking is your network But you'll stick get dick in anything and I get it when I was younger man I can't what kind of habit she had if the ass was fat enough I went through this shit so you don't have to man where you can't be out your stick and get dick and crazy a lot of you guys I've had this experience you get life is going great and then you start dating some chick and her life is a fucking chaos And then all this chaos comes in and you're like these are your problems now you like actually getting involved with her Right she don't get along with her mom. She always got beef with her friends, right? All these problems infiltrate your life and it's like a storm in a wave of negativity and the next you know shit in your life Starts going wrong as well. It's just taste this shit happens all the time A lot of y'all have been through it. There's a lot of women who are really beautiful But also really crazy so you got to really think about the kind of woman you're gonna bring in your life and your friends Me because if they got a bunch of fucking wild wacky shit going in their life You want to you want to keep your distance. It's kind of like when your friends get some new car You start seeing that new car everywhere don't you motherfuck that car you not a X man You didn't attract that shit you not professor it Xavier the fucking car was always there You just didn't see it but then when it brought to you. You start seeing it all the time Okay, so if that could happen with a car what the fuck do you think it happened? It's somebody has all these fucking problems and they fucking Bring up their problems all the time. What are you so gonna start seeing your life just like you started seeing the car everywhere You go you won't start seeing problems everywhere you go got stay away from losers, man And then the next one you need to do is stop buying things that don't increase in value or at least hold their value Which you need to start doing is buying assets so I learned just a long time ago when I read rich dad poured it by Robert Kiyosaki his rich dad poured it Right, so he had his po-de-it right this nigga was broke That's po-de-it right then he had rich dad use out here stun All in the shit right he was a G. Po-de-it would work to get money and then spin his money on Bullshit where rich dad would work for money, but he's spin his money on assets right these are things that make made him more money You real estate stocks things that happen nature well they would say bullshit just I'm saying just shit You know because now the rich dad was spin his money on assets and he was used to money from the assets to buy his shit And this happened for years and years every time you get paid he would buy more assets and he would keep doing that shit and then he had just way more shit Wait more shit to the point where he was making more money from his assets than he was making from his work The rich dad just kept my shit shit goes away assets keep making money so the rich dad was able to stop working and he would still be able to get the shit Oh dad stop working He died if you watched me over the last 10 15 years on social media for the vast majority of it You know I was living in small crib and Queens We're in the Apple watch some Jordan's some Jordan Track pants every fucking day I was I wasn't no flexing no no fucking no fucking crazy lifestyle shit I was just working but I was making money I was a millionaire at that time I was making millions still But I wasn't spending money on bush I was investing in assets the assets started buying me APs rich of meals Cardi A bracelet pin house apartments so now it's like I'm set up man I got investments if I ever die unlikely but if I ever do my son is set up man He's like he'd be a millionaire day one my dad wasn't doing this. My dad died. I ain't Nothing but a bunch of fucking problems that I mean is a soft my dad was like pole dad He was just been his money on shit and he wasn't investing when she went south He lost his business killed himself So that's why you got to stop spending money on bush to start spending money on buying things that are going to increase in value or Or even better even make you money because if you want to get rich Make more money than you spend and invest the difference if you do that over long enough period of time You will get rich is really nothing else make more money than you spend and invest the difference if you do that over long enough period of time You will get rich if you would invest just $20,000 a month and something conservative like S&P 500 index fund as an annual return I average annual return of 10% a year $2000 a month every month for 20 years you'd have over a million dollars You'd have well over a million dollars in 20 years if you want more money or you want to make more money faster Then you got to invest more money and or invest it in a vehicle They can get you a higher return the three things you can invest in are stock market stocks or crypto Real estate and or your own business your own business is going to get you the highest return but it's the riskiest the higher to return The the larger the risk the S&P 500 very low risk, but you know The returns are only 10% a year those are levers you have to pull more money or Avian go to get you higher returns. You don't increase your lifestyle You stop spending money on bullshit that you could take that extra money Now you start investing and you want to think of every dollar as a sea that you can plant in the motherfucking soil and it's going grow and start bearing fruit You might see me flexing, but you it took me mad long to get enough assets of flex with my assets If you flex with money to come from assets you can do it all the time You'll never go broke doing that right because the money is the money keeps replenishing itself The assets I'm making money for you for start flexing with money that you spent working then you got to go work again for more money There's a difference the first thing I invested in was my online fitness business That was the first business I started and I was one of the first people doing online training We had them venit back then right because nobody was doing it. There was no books No courses nobody was doing it all of us who were doing it at that time We had to invent it. We would have pioneers. You know, I was able to build that into a All-time million dollar business now. I teach other people to start there. We're on my fitness business too. I got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training We're actually doing a free class a free training while I showed you out of go your online fitness business Two first-learn description join it's on but free class and we're bringing them exactly out of go You're on my fitness business. I answer all your questions anything you guys need I'm gonna make sure you guys leave that session with a game plan on how to really make money is on my train The next thing you need to stop doing is you got a quick wedding And you have to learn how to be consistent any time somebody wants to start moving towards the path It's success and anything the hardest part is getting started pushing yourself to start getting some momentum Start getting some motion once you get some motion, and what you get started becomes easier However, well if I can't stay consistent they stop and then they have to restart again But when you restart again, that means you have to do the hardest part over again Or you have to do the most difficult part over again and you keep this charade up year after year You keep stopping it starting and you keep having to do the most difficult part over and over It would have been so much easier if you would have stayed consistent or one of the main reasons People aren't able to stay consistent because they're focused on the wrong things Let's say you have this goal go you want to accomplish I'm a draw trophy. I'm a really good artist watch I'm amazing. I'm good at a lot of things All right, so that's the trophy that represents the goal But you way the fuck over here away from your goal you made look at this shit and you'll be like sad and shit Oh, man, I'm so far away from my goal. Oh, never get that. Oh, and you start crying like a bitch You know, that's not even how you look in man. You ain't got them my brows got these eyebrows Yeah, you a bitch and you might start a little bit and then you'll look at the goal and you be like man I'll never get there and you quit or you feel like you're not making progress or not making progress fast enough So you quit however there are a lot of actions you need to take to accomplish this goal If you were just a focus on the actions and the steps you need to take every day You'd be a lot more focused as you'd be making progress as you when you focus on the right shit When you focus on the actions you get excited On the things you need to do every day to accomplish any goal to stuff you need to do every day and if you just focus on the actions You wouldn't even have to look at the goal because you know you were gonna do it for example If somebody wanted to lose 10 pounds of fat easy game Every pound of fat you want to lose you have to burn 3500 calories So if they track their calories every day How many calories they burned every day with some sort of fitness tracker and they tracked how many calories they consumed every day Well my fitness power something then all they had to do is make sure that they was burning 500 more calories in they could soon each day if they do that every day and if 500 calorie deficit over a week They'll burn 3500 calories which equals a pound of fat only thing they would have to do with they wanted to lose 10 pounds burn 500 extra calories every day and if they just focus on that every day They wouldn't even have to look at the goal. They wouldn't have to look at it all because we would know to this Personal is gonna accomplish this goal and it's like that would all your goals and that's not even just me talking Right there's a study. It was published in the journal of experimental Social psychology. I know you guys read that all the time Right, but it's show individuals who focus on the process of achieving their goals Were more likely to persist and succeed compared to those who focus only on the outcomes This is Brooke fucking science nerds. They proved it with studies If you need the fucking nerds then the studies right there. I put together something to help you accomplish that I call it the victory vision planner and it's free right where's the habit tracker and it's shows you Had to break down your goals into into different steps and the different habits that you could look at that Which is supposed to do every day you could track it off and all you had to do to see if you were making progress Instead of looking at the goal. Let's look at your habit tracker and you'll know if you're gonna Accombat your goals or not and when you start filling up your fucking habit tracker You checking things off every day that you know Will help you accomplish your goals and you're gonna be more motivated if you focus on the goddamn Process you'll be more motivated and you're more likely to persist and succeed But if you focus on the goal you're more likely to fail on quit because you're gonna get all said because you You ain't there yet once you know what you supposed to do every day. Oh, you gotta do it. Make today It's the next thing you need to stop doing stop letting your mind control you you have to learn how to control your mind In the best way I know to learn how to control your mind I could control your emotions as we meditation here's a study It was done to show that just eight weeks eight weeks of meditation It shrunk the amygdala of the volunteers right the amygdala is the part of your brain It makes you a mother fucking spaz that's the fear center of your brain the fighter flight shit And when you start panicking your body has a bunch of cortisol the stress hormone That's when you start doing dumb shit and acting like a bitch a mere eight weeks of my fullest Meditation actually shrunk step part of your brain. Do you think it's the part of your brain that makes you fucking panic? Was smaller you think it'd be easier for you to control your emotions? I know it would be but also there's another setting that shows that actually after a few weeks of meditation Participants increased the region of of gray matter in your brain and a part of the brain called the Neal cortex this is a part of your brain that's responsible for logic humans have a bigger Neal cortex than most animals and then that's the reason why we can do things like create languages and vent mathematics Make you two videos where other animals traditionally struggle in those endeavors you get more density in that part of your brain After meditation so check this out. We got studies to show that in mid-year the part of your brain This responsible for logic becomes more dense with meditation and studies to show the part of your brain It makes you a motherfucking emotional spares starts to shrink when meditation can you see a change in your brain and Ever got our main help you with success yo getting rich is stressful you're gonna encounter a lot of problems A lot of things a lot of turmoil if you out here panic and you're not thinking logically It's gonna impede you ability to succeed meditation is only where I know that really just calm down chill man I've been meditating every day twice a day of 15 years now. I think my focus treatment because it's then is rain in or the And traffic I'm like motherfucking it rains all the time is been doing this shit your whole life Who you ain't made peace with that yet? Oh you went traffic today like you expected your fucking you just have a fucking Unbroken boulevard of green lights and death if you if you spas an over little shit man How you go handle the picture? How you gonna run a fucking big company? Are you know how many problems you had to solve when you got a big Successful business. I got 30 employees. That means every time one of them has a problem Let's my problem. I got to help them solve it all right motherfuckers uncle die It's he just smoking cigarettes see die lung cancer. That's my problem. I ain't tell him smoke cigarettes But I got to help him solve that problem. I had a figure shit out all the time It's like having 30 children not my video editors y'all cool. I love y'all y'all the best I'm talking about the other ones You guys say every stay calm cool cool is it man, but you feel you are espazin acting emotional like a child or a woman It's gonna be difficult for you to become more successful meditation is the only way I know become more calm level headed steady steady is a rock and you don't need that to succeed otherwise if you can't control your mind Your mind's gonna control you probably what has been doing up and sit this point I ain't got motivation. I can't be disciplined because your mind is controlling you And you ain't you haven't learned how to control your mind and meditation will help you with that the last thing you need to do Which is one of the most important is you have to stop being negative and I don't mean you have to be positive I'm not telling you to be positive all the time I'm not telling you to do that. I'm just saying stop being negative. I'll give you example. It was his doing name bill Buckner He was the man here won all types of awards and baseball. He was the man and he his teams in the world series Right before the world series. He was an interview. He said y'all the dream that you want to have a great series and win the nightmare Is you gonna let the winning Run score on a ground ball through your legs those are the things that happen You know a lot of it is just fake guess what happened world series man. That should happen Row it's like is that should happen you got to stop being negative man I'm telling you you I'm not telling you to be positive just don't be negative and I'm like that with everything I don't I don't I don't I won't say anything negative for example I never say I can't afford it. I say y'all I got to find a way to afford it I won't say I'm thirsty. I say y'all got to get something to drink all those things are Different sides of the same coin for example saying I can't afford it. It's time like waving a white flag You know you can't get given up. Yeah. I can't afford it. Okay What did you say y'all? I got to find a way to get some more money one is like y'all I'll give it up the other one is like I'm gonna figure out a way to make it happen I promise you if you focus you will find the way but if you give up mentally you just give it up if you tire Oh man, I'm so tired What do you say y'all I got to get more energy you're gonna start looking for ways to get more energy and I'm not even telling you to be positive That's something I'm not saying be positive. I'm saying don't be negative Sometimes all that positive shit is like lying to yourself I'm gonna tell you to fucking lie to yourself. I'm just telling you not to be a bitch because think about who would you bet on same guy in the same circumstance he said man I just keep feeling man. I can't find a way to fucking make it make no money or Or this guy in the same circumstance. He says y'all I got to find a way to get some wins Which one of those guys you're gonna bet on that guy is you motherfucking it's because it's gonna change the way you approach things Your words have power man. I'm telling you your words have power everything starts changing around Would you gotta stay away from negative people too? So I don't let people around me say shit like that I remember everything's contagious right? It's not it's not just cuz I want to help them is cuz I don't want them to hurt me I don't want that fucking language to rub off on me. I learned English on accident right just from here another month I could say it. I don't want to learn that kind of English from this mother fucking bitch nigga English Real nigga the English is focused on what do you try to accomplish? Words are powerful you'll start seeing different shit, man Just like that example with the car when you owe one of your friends get a car you start seeing that car all the time But if you start saying man, I can't afford this shit. I ain't got no money You gonna start seeing more shit in your environment to actually confirm that But if you say I gotta find a way to get more money you go start seeing more opportunities You're gonna start seeing more paths. I'm telling you your words are powerful and never say anything about yourself You don't want to be true right because it's gonna change the way your brain looks at the world And if you want to know more about it if that I got another video that is show you more about how you Could actually change your brain to become successful. I go watch that video right now

=== FILE: The Best Way To Make Money In The Stock Market [Free Class] [3o3J5tpuchM].txt ===

Yo, young candle stick, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, we doing some difference today. Yo, so instead of going over the market, we're going to show you our one of our favorite money making strategies. These is leap options. And we've been that conciliant, nothing. This is going to be a free course on leap options. How to make money on the mind. Let's get into it. I'm super excited because we're going to be talking actually about buying options. See in the back. We've talked about selling options. And that's a great strategy. But this is, I think, the best way to buy options in the stock market. This is going to be you. OK. Yeah. That's going to be all you guys. So this is how the communications is going to go. Before we get started, I really want to warn you guys. Options trading is extremely risky. It is not for everybody. Trading options and trading stocks. You know, it's not for the faint of heart. None of this is financial advice. None of this is a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Educational purposes only. Yeah. Let's do it. Now, you guys might be asking yourself, why should I listen to this nerd who's talking to Mickey Mouse? Well, first of all, I've actually been trading options for about eight years. You know, back in the day, it used to cost $20 just to buy an option contract. So I'm glad that it's only about $50 to a dollar now. I'm also a certified options trader by TD Ameritrade. They're not wired by Schwab. But you had to go through rigorous courses, rigorous tests to get that certification. I'm also a CMT charter to hold charter holder. So what does that mean? A CMT means I'm a chartered market technician. And that just means I'm a professional and the practices of technical analysis, not forecasting stock prices. I'm a professional and risk management. Don't lose all your goddamn money. And then I'm a professional and asset allocation. Okay. So we're going to put baskets of money. So let's get into it. We're going to be talking about leap options today. So what are leap options? Well, options are basically just the right to buy or sell any asset class. And we're going to get into it and we're going to explain leap options as we go throughout this presentation. So take some notes. Okay. Leaps are generally long-term options. So options have an expiration date towards them. So you can have short data options. Those are much more risky. Think of like the lot of tickets or yeah, gamblers tend to really get into options when it's short data options. But this is longer term. So it's a lot more peaceful. It's a great way to get involved into the market. But when we talk about leap options, it's generally one to three years away. Throughout the presentation, I can show some Robin Hood options because the top of it shows it really nicely. Long story short, you want to buy a leap call. So think call. If you think the stock is going to go up a lot, you can buy a leap. Put, if you think a stock is going to go down a lot. We're mostly going to focus on leap calls today. But I'll show you an example of a leap point. It's not as fast as day trading. Day trading is super risky. It has a higher failure rate. But if you are successful in day trading, you make crap ton of money. It's not as slow as investing. What are the advantages of leap options versus just buying the stock? Yeah. So I'll get into that. And that's actually going to go on the next slide. A big thing is cost. A big thing is what you expect the stock to actually do. So like what do you think actually mean? It means long term equity and dissipation securities. Basically, you're saying I think the stock is going to go up a lot over the next one to three years or whatever your time horizon is. So my biggest leap call wins are actually on Disney back in 2019. I had leap call options. And because I had those leap call options, I had enough time to go through a bunch of positive news catalysts. So in a dearton at time, that's actually Disney plus was announced. And when Disney also announced Disney just skyrocketed the hell up. Like it just went straight up. I was able to turn $300 into three grand. Disney Tesla, that's that last chart that I was showing on the slide earlier. During C19 when the market took a nice dip, you can buy leap call options. If you think you're at a low of significance, if you think the stock market's going to go up for a long period of time, you can buy a leap call option on a broad-based ETF, a safer investment vehicle. And you spend less money. You made a higher return than if you were to just bought shares. Exactly. Exactly. If I were to just buy Disney shares, I would have made 20%. Okay. That's cool. But since I bought the leap call options, I was able to make 1,000%. That's the big thing with leap call options. You can get a higher return. I completely agree. It's especially when you get it right within that time frame. And the stock just goes straight up. So I have a call options on Nvidia. That was really awesome because that helped really fund a big portion of my account. How long can they be out? It's three years to max. Yeah, usually three years is the max on a leap call option. And we'll go into some examples. Okay. Fran and was alluding to this earlier. He's on top of it. The biggest benefit of a leap call option is it's much lower cost. Look at this guy. He's saving his money right over here. You only need to spend just a fraction of what you would need to actually buy the stock. Generally, it usually only costs like 1,10th the price. And you actually get to control about 100 shares. Now, I'm not going to get super nerdy and talk about stuff like that. But an example of this would be, okay, Ford stock. You could buy a hundred shares of Ford at $12 a share. A hundred times 12, that's a $12 investment. Or you could just buy the Ford 12 call option. And that won't cost you a hundred dollars. What about that is that's the most you can lose is a hundred dollars. If Ford goes bankrupt and you bought a hundred shares of the stock, you could lose $12 hundred dollars. Obviously, it's more cost effective. And calls are not as risky as buying short dated options. So less volatility, it's much more peaceful. It's great for those that have full-time jobs. They don't want to trade the market in and out each and every day. And I try to hop in, hop out. You can just buy a leap call option, check back in a few months, a few years and boom. That's it. What's really cool about leap options to those sense you're spending less money, you can technically have less risk in the stock. You can only lose the amount that you put into the leap option. Okay, so this is a limited loss strategy. Yeah, not only on the limit of the option, you can go to zero. Yeah, you can like lose all the money put in, but you're putting in less money than if you bought the shares. Exactly. So just to give an idea, when you're buying leap call options, the best case scenario is the stock goes straight up. That's the best case scenario. The stock can even go sideways to slightly higher. That's cool. You'll likely make money. If the stock goes dead sideways, you may actually lose money over time. The stock goes sideways to slightly lower. You can lose money or all of your investment. Obviously, if the stock just drops or tanks, you're going to lose money. That was going to happen anyways if you bought the stock anyways. It would have lost more. Yeah, you could have actually lost more depending on this scenario. Another great benefit of leap options is you have a limited profit potential when you buy a leap. Or option. You know, a stock's not going to go to infinity, but it can go damn near close to it. Big coin. Big coin. Yeah. Yeah. Like you can get some serious gains. And all you need is a few really good home runs over your trading and investing career. And then you can finance all those shitty trades that was money. So I'm going to get into some of the drawbacks of leap options. And then we'll get into some examples. Then we'll fly it all together. Okay. So here are some drawbacks of leap call options. Your investment now is an expiration date. So normally when you're just by stock, you can hold it forever. You know, you can invest for retirement. You can invest for many reasons and you can just hold that asset forever. With a leap option, you have a good amount of time. You know, you can have one to three years. But you don't have forever. Okay. So it's not perfect for investing for retirement. But you can do it at a lower cost. You can't hold the leap call forever. Like you kind of shares. Here's a big thing that can happen with leap call options. So if you buy a stock, a stock can go sideways. You don't lose any money. You don't make your money. You don't lose any money. If the stock goes sideways for too long of a period of time, you will lose money. And this is what's called theta. And theta is just the amount that you pay per day to hold the call option. So for example, let's take that forward call that cost $100. Theta might be like minus 0.01. You might pay like a dollar a day to hold on to that call option. That's cool. But if forward just goes sideways for multiple years, you're just paying up that dollar every time. And that option loses value. It's kind of like the cost of holding the option. Yeah. Yeah. Think of it like that. Yeah. Okay. You called negative theta. That's why when we're selling options, not buying options, you're positive theta. And you collect that each and every there. But in this case, you're paying per day. If you don't know what that means, make sure you watch our other presentation on the wheel strategy. I mean, it's a really good. It's a little bit silly enough. Okay. So another drawback of leap options is if the stock pays a dividend, you don't get paid the dividend by holding the leap call option. So you might miss out on extra cash flow. You don't get, yeah. So that's why I prefer to do this on securities. They don't have a dividend. I occasionally still will do some leap calls on stocks that pay dividends. But only if it meets a certain criteria, which I'll get into in a bit. But yeah, if a stock pays dividends just buy the shares. And if a stock doesn't pay dividends, just think, okay, are there any leap call options that are a good deal? No, for you guys what that can look like. One other thing to think about with leap call options is you do need a time it just a little bit better than with just buying shares. So normally when you're investing and you're just buying shares, you can hold it forever. If you're time horizon is long enough, your timing doesn't need to be that precise and getting the best price. Yeah, yeah. With leap calls, you do want to time it up a little bit more. That's just kind of the CMT in me, you know, the technical analysis. Yeah, it's difficult to dollar calls average into a leap call option, right? Yeah, yeah, you can do it. It's just not ideal. It's a dollar cost average into equity into share to actual shares. Hard asset. So now we want to ask ourselves, hey, how do you get a good deal? What is a good deal? Well, remember, the options market is constantly placing in the options. The market prices in a certain range that a stock is going to stay with them. So it's important to understand that some leap call options may be expensive and some call options may be cheap. I like to buy the leap call options that are cheap and have the potential to be expensive. We can get into this in a bit, but what is the expected range? You can find this on the interest win. You can calculate the at the money straddle, nerd stuff. The biggest question you want to ask yourself is what think where do you think the stock can go? Can it go much higher than what your break even is? If the expected range is low, so the options market is pricing in a tight, tight range, but you expect the stock to break that range that's finally called. Okay. That's why I made so much money on Disney call options because Disney normally move a lot, but since they announced Disney plus, Disney moved a lot. And so that's where I got paid. That's where my edge came in. This way, so it's really important to have good timing. What this is what you say. Yeah, and just know what is a good deal. And this comes with options market experience and technical analysis experience. A high expected range means that you just need a bigger move in the stock to profit that your break even is much higher in that scenario. So how can you increase your probability of profiting on leap call options? You can use technical analysis, so that's forecasting future prices through chart patterns, indicators, intermarket analysis, sick mortality, you name it. I'm not going to get super into technical analysis in today's lesson. My news, bright gollets, you can do the monthly time frame, so zoom out because we're doing leap options instead of short data options. Okay. You can also use fundamental analysis. I'm not a professional when it comes to fundamental analysis. Those are, those reports are usually written by CFA, which are chartered financial analysts, so I'm a chartered market technician. So it's kind of like two parallels. You can also have AI help you analyze some balance sheets. You can go on Yahoo Finance and have AI. No, look it down low balance sheets and upload them into fucking Chad GPD and tell them, hey, you may explain in to say explain this to me like you're like, like I'm a five year old. Exactly. And you can put that AI like help calculate fair values for you. It's again, because then what, when you know what a stock is potentially worth, it kind of gives you like a gauge of where the stock can go over the long run. And that can help you with your decision-making process with leap columns. So once you have a solid fair value estimate and a solid technical set up, now we can check the options chain. So we got technical set up. We got the stock fundamentally strong or below fair value. Now let's check the options chain. Okay, so this is an example of XLV. This is the healthcare sector. And here's what I did. I was like, oh well, this sector is in rotation. I'm expecting it to go up a lot. I could just go ahead and buy shares. You know, I could buy a hundred shares of XLV and spend $13,000. That's good. Or I can go out and I can buy a leap call option for $68 or 0.68. $68. That's all I spent instead of 13 grand. And guess what? I was able to make $25. I was able to make a 300% return. Inhale long. This was, this was about like four months. Right. So just because you buy the option, you can still the option anytime. You don't have to hold it for three years because you bought a leap option. That's what's amazing about it. And if you get your timing right, you don't have to hold it for years. You can just sell it for two months. So I'm going to get into a real-life example. And we'll kind of analyze the option chain in real time. So here's an example of a stock that I've been talking about on the victory talk podcast interview. And this is the Morning Star Report. If you want to, you can always get your Morning Star reports from the Analyze tab on Thinker Swim by Charles Schwab. You can just download that right here. If you have Robin Hood, go, it'll give you a summary of it in there. It's really, really nice. And it's not perfect. It's just one little indicator. Just because a stock is below fair value. It doesn't mean it has to get to fair value. What's just a night in here? So look, energy transfer, current price 1587, fair value estimate, $21. Okay. Tell them what fair value means. They might not know. You know, it just, they do a bunch of calculations of like price to earnings ratios, all this different like balance sheet stuff. And I'm not saying I'm an expert in it. But basically, it's just what the stock is worth on a fair day. So here's an example of energy transfer, current price is $16.50. And they say $21 is what it's worth. And you're looking at that, that candlestick formation. It looks like it's about to break out. Am I right? It looks like it's about to break out. And even if it does it, guess what? It's, I can buy a leap call option and not get. Yeah. Yeah, you, you got three years to be right. Yeah, exactly. So this is where it gets really, really interesting because now, so here's the technical setup, sending triangle. Above the 200-day moving average is a simple one. So it's in an uptrend above the 200-week moving average, consistent uptrend. So now we can check the options, shame. So I can show you guys, but energy transfer, look at this. So we can go out to January 15th, 2027. So step one is the expiration date. Yep, when does the option expire? So this is a leap call. Now what I'm looking at is what is the strike price? Okay, I want my option to get in the money so that I can get paid. Explain them we're in the money, it's because we're that's what I was going to be one of our questions. Was in the money options versus out the money? Like what's the difference? Yeah, so if the current price is above the strike price, it's in the money. So if I were to buy like the 10 strike call option, that'd be for money. The current price is 1654. So if you pick a price that's lower or higher, what's in between is in between? If I'm buying a call option that's lower than the current price, right. It's going to be in the money. So it means you're going to show on Robinhood. So I pull up ET energy transfer and we can go to trade options, ET people should on, where I believe, but this is what makes it so fucking dope. Is the option is shame. Yeah, it's got the builder and look, we just want to buy a leap call. Because we're like, well, I think ET can get up to that 21. It doesn't even need to, but it can get close. Okay, if I think it can get to 21, I can buy the 17 strike call option and look. My max profit is unlimited. My max loss is only $120. And guess what? My break even between now and 2027 is 1820. So if you want to 21, that's out of the money, though, right? That's out of the money. Quite the out of the money. You could buy in the money, right here. Look, now my break even is only 1711. The end of the money is like twice as much, almost. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. In the money options are more expensive. Out of the money options are cheaper because they're risky. It's short and simple. In the money options, if you buy an in the money call, you're going to make more dollars, but you're going to make a less percentage game. Yeah, it's less risk because you have a higher probability of profit because you're in the money. However, there's less potential reward if the stock does shoot up to the mood. Show them that in the money option you got right there. Now, look, the break even part is closer than the out of money, right? So it only has to go a certain, the break even is 17. Now, go show them the out of the money option again. Yep. So that's what they can see where it is. See, now the break even is like, it's got to go further. And you can scroll on that timeline so they can see like how much money you can see, how much money you make depends on, you know, it's really, now what I like to do, this is me. I got more disposable income, right? What I'll do is I'll get deep in the money option. So show them like a deep in the money option. Yeah, so you could, if you wanted to, you could just buy like a three dollar strike call. So I have the right to buy E.T. at $3 a share. That's right. Great contract because E.T. is currently at 1650. Now look, now look, I close your break even is. Yeah, the break even said 1785. That's probably due to the bid asks spreads. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when you buy an option, there's different amounts of buyers and sellers. I mean, I think that one, but it's like, yeah, be put at reason, but it's like it's less risky, but you're going to make less money because you're spending more, you're spending more. So let's profit one me. Generally, I like to buy a leap calls just slightly out of the money. Right out of the money. Yeah, the data asks spreads are the tightest. You're not going to pay it on to get into the trade and you're not going to pay a lot to get out of the trade. You don't want to be at a spread. Is this a soon? They don't know. Yeah. So there are buyers and sellers at every moment in time. So the price that you see on a chart, it's not actually V price. It's the difference between the buyers and the sellers. So you can even see after hours right now, the bid, the bid on E to you is 1650. The ask on E to you is 16.54. That means there are people that have limit orders. They're trying to sell their E to you at 1654. And there are buyers right now after hours that are trying to buy it at 1650. The mid price is the price that we see. So we'll see 1650452. Being sure, the difference between that. On like super crazy, like expensive stocks, I'm trying to think of one that comes to mind. Like, be our case, Lashae. Oh, Versailles, I had the... Yeah, like look, the bid asks spreads are going to be a stupid wide on something like this. You're going to have to pay a lot to get into the trade, pay a lot to get out of the trade. That's why people like to trade spy options a lot because you can just pay it. Get out. It's super easy. So that's why I like to buy at the money contracts on Leap calls like this. And if you're confident in your trade, it's not as risky. It'll be more profitable. Exactly. Like an example, like Netflix stock tends to have these bigger bid asks spreads. There's not as many buyers and sellers on Netflix. Like even then, after hours, there's buyers at 72220. And there's sellers at 72250. If you hit like market order, you're doing what's called grabbing liquidity from the market and you're just going to be down on your trade. Right? As you get in. You can't do market orders after after hours, all right? You can't do limit orders. No, you can only use limit orders and special after hours orders. Yeah. You know, if I think ETF can go to that $21 per share level. And my break even's only 1820. I've got an opportunity to profit. Right. And you risk in a hundred, a hundred and twenty dollars. Because you're slightly out of money. But like this show, how much it costs to go deep in the money? Yeah. So if I just buy at the money, it's only cost 120. But if I just want to like control a ton of shares, okay, the delta on the option is how many shares you're artificially controlling. So point, a delta of 0.99 means you're getting 99 shares. It's going to pretty much cost though. Yeah, a little bit less than the price of ETF, but Yeah. You can cost $1,485. Yeah, yeah. But the thing is you're going to get paid a lot better. You're doubtful. You're still getting paid more than if you bought a hundred shares, even though it costs the same. If you're right, you'll make less percent game, but you'll make more dollar game. Yeah. Oh, that's something to consider. Do you want to get paid in dollars or percentage points? Yes. The way that I was worried about my kithis view, what I don't want to make. Yeah. Yeah. And you'll get a better feel for it as you really start to trade and pay per trade. These leap options. Mm. So that's going to be really important. So again, look, the expected move is pretty low. So that means the options are cheap. They're not pricing in a big range for ETF. We've got the technical setup. We've got the fundamental setup. This is a good deal. So here's an opportunity again. So I'm looking at so fine. And so far, I've been a stock that I've been talking about in the victory talk podcast for a couple months. And look, they give a fair value estimate of $13 per share. Go over to the chart of so far. And we can see is there an opportunity. Okay, the current price is $9.87. So you know, morning star gives a fair value all the way up here. 13. So what does that mean? There's a potential opportunity. If so far, I can pull back and maybe come to a support area. That's where you do what in the box. Yeah. For leap call options. Mm. I can take a look at the option chain. I can see, hey, 2027. Maybe I could buy like the seven strike call. There's a little bit of margin for profit there. Maybe I can buy in the money five strike call. Who? Super simple. And that's where you can have that extra opportunity. You know, if I pull up so far, and I think it's going to go up to $13 a share. This is really cool because now I don't even have to sweat too much about it. And of course, so far, I could drop. We could go through a recession, you know, whatever. I can buy the 10 strike call and look. Okay, look, my break even is 1380. Maybe these options are a little bit too expensive. 13. 13 is the price target. You were waiting for a pullback. This is like real time. That's true exactly. So that's where your technical analysis comes in. And if you can get a good deal and time it up just a little bit, that's where your margin of profit gets created. But even that if you didn't want to even time up the market, you could just be like, I don't care. A break even of 1120's good enough for me. I buy them in the money so far leap call. I'll check back three years. You don't want to let them expire even even if you're in the money with a expiration, right? You know, that depends. So you can actually hold the expiration if you want to get exercise and you want to own the hundred shares at your strike price. Tell them that it means when you exercise. Yeah, so when you exercise an option, that's basically saying, hey, we have a contract. You told me I have the right to buy. Let's say I bought the so-fi six call. At expiration, if so-fi is above six, at expiration, I'm going to I can choose if I just hold my option through to expiration. I'm going to have a hundred shares at six. So I'm going to the broker's automatically going to buy a hundred shares at six, and it's going to put $600 into so-fi right there. But guess what? A current price might be a lot higher. So you'll be up a shift ton of money. Yeah, yeah. So you can do that if you want to hold onto the shares. I've never exercised the option in my life. Oh, really? I've exercised some ET call options. Okay, yeah. Deep in the money, and I was like, I don't mind holding it. That's good. Nice. What's up? You're just aware of that. You most of the time just want to flip the premium. When do you want to exit a leap call? So we figured out the entry. We got the technical setup. We got the fundamental value. We got all the stars aligning. We're in the dreams. We're in the investment. When do we want to sell? Well, we want to exit when the asset reaches your price target. In this case, so-fi, touching 13 ET, touching 21. When the business model has changed. So let's say, oh, something changed. And I don't like it anymore. I'm just going to exit. If you need to cut losses, let's say, hey, I don't think this is a good investment anymore. You can always just exit, believe Paul. You know, you'll take the L. Let's find. Make sure you do your research and have a good reason as to why you're exiting. I'm rare. Cut losses on leap calls just because I like to just hold them and you can play out. If you need cash, maybe you need to just raise cash. You can always just sell. It's not a big deal. When there's what's called an IV spikes, this is getting a little bit more technical. So you can set the best time in my opinion to sell leap call options is when you get what's called an implied volatility spike. And that just means the range opened up. So if a stock goes straight up, this is a great time to exit. It still could continue to go higher, but the rate of change matters when it comes to trading options. It's like four D trading. So if you go straight up, oh, you're going to make a lot more money than if you were to have just bought the stock. A quick example of this would be like on Tesla when I bought leap call options. I saw that Tesla was going through an implied volatility spike. This is where I bought the leap call options. Tesla went straight up. And what happens is those options just get stupidly expensive. And it just pays to just take the profits. That's what I like to do. It's I'm not saying it's the best way or the most correct way. But it keeps me liquid, meaning I just get to rotate into the next trade. And it's all fine and damn deep. So that's a great way to consider exiting. OK. Another way to exit is if you just get over bought. If the RSI gets over bought, that's the relative strength index. Super simple way to exit a leap call option on the monthly on the weekly. So we briefly talked about leap calls. Now I've briefly want to talk about leap puts. So if you think a stock is going to go bankrupt, like, Palatana or something like that, bad bath and beyond, if you think a stock could go bankrupt, overvalued, or do for a big drop, you can protect even a portfolio by doing this. You can buy a leap put. And that's just the right to sell 100 shares out of certain price. So if your losses are kept, if you actually short a stock, you can lose unlimitedly. But if you buy a put, you can only lose so much. They amount that you put in. Your gains are kept, though, on a put. If the stock goes bankrupt, you can't make more than, you know, what is priced in. Really quick, like, let's say you think so far is going to go bankrupt. You can buy a put and look, the max profit is only $695, but your max loss is only $375. And that's a simple amount to zero. It's pretty flexible. That's what's awesome about this. Okay. They had a decaying still a factor. And you want to do this on shitty stocks or ETFs. Yeah, the other rotation or thought to get bankrupt. Make sure you don't overpay for the put premium. So, in example, this, you know, in the Legion investing channel is like, hey, SDG, I think is going to get destroyed. Let's do some leap puts. And stock dropped a lot. I turned $300 and a $700. Just like a small train. And it also protected my portfolio, too. If they'll overall market drops and a lot of other stocks are dropping, a leap put can be very, very helpful. And then what's cool is when all the stocks drop, you take profits on the leap put. Now you got cash and you can invest it wherever you want. So it's really helpful to just have that skill in your tool though. Options are flexible. So if you think we're all going to turn into X-Men, you can do a cool on biotech. If you think oil prices are going to surge in like a hyperinflationary environment, you can buy leap call options on oil. And then you'll make a crap ton of money on that trade. And it'll maybe pay for a few gallons of gas. If you think the stock market's going to crash, you could do leap puts. Oh, super flexible. Great as a hedge. Think quantum computing is going to take over. You could do leap call option on quantum scale. You could do leap call options on robotic CTFs. So it's really flexible. So here's some key takeaways. If your investment time horizon is one to three years, a leap call option is pretty cool. A mix of leap calls and shares could be a good way to have like a balanced portfolio. So I own ET shares, boom, I collect the 8% dividend but I've also got those leap call options where if ET takes off, boom, now my portfolio is going to get that extra bump. They call us updated to K. That's the amount you pay per day to hold on to it. Regular shares or equity investments have no they did to K. And you can hold them forever. So the upside is unlimited if you just have regular shares. Remember, you want to combine technical and fundamental analysis to put the odds in our favor? If you want to make sure you get a good deal, you know, make sure that your break even is reasonably. And you can check that on Rob and Ed, options profit calculator or you can hit me up. Okay? So that's all I have for today's presentation. It's fun. That's what's up, man. Yo, thank you, great. Yo, listen, if y'all want to know more about this, you can check it out, check it out. Discord, we got a lot of information in there about stocks in general. If you want to know about a sale option, as we have another video all about the wheel option, check that out.

=== FILE: The Blueprint To Make $5000 a month as an Online Trainer [Kvw5Js_UcH8].txt ===

In this video, I want to give you the blueprint to how to make $5,000 a month as a online trainer. I'm well suited to tell you how to do this because not only you have, I've been an online trainer for over 15 years. I've made millions of dollars from online training, but I've helped other people build usually successful online training. Businesses do it in full time. Some people have no experience. Some people have never trained anybody before in their life. Some people have never ran a business before, but I've been able to help over 15,000 of these people. I don't feel successful online fitness business. I'm going to show you how to do it too. Before I get into it, I also have a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. You can click the link in the description right now. And it's really going to give you even more detail than I am able to give you in this YouTube video. If set you down in the right path, it's 100% free. Let's get into it. So, you can become a successful online trainer. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big file on it, even if you're not certified. Right? Just no law saying you have to be certified to train people online. And being certified doesn't mean you're a good trainer. You just means you passed a test. I'm not saying anything against certified. I have certification with that. That's great. I learned a lot. I'm not speaking against education, but I don't want you to think that it's limitation. I've helped tons of people build successful online training businesses. And they've actually helped people get great results. Online without ever being certified. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to build your online fitness business. And I'm going to show you how you can get great results for your clients. Because that's really what's important. If you don't get great results for your clients, and you are a scammer. So, a lot of times when people say, you know, man, I want to be online trainer, but they say that if it's industry or online fitness industry is over saturated. They're both right in wrong. Let's say this represents all trainers. How many trainers do you think there are online? Like, how many motherfuckers would trainer in a bio and screen do you think there are? There are millions. You do not want to compete with all of those people. You want to stand out. Now, what you do that is by having what's called a niche. So, step one of becoming an online trainer is pick a niche. Or niche if you are pretentious. Pick a niche. Now, when I say niche, this means something you want to specialize in. Because if you are just a fitness guy or a fitness girl, then you have to compete with millions of trainers. Under those circumstances, it is over saturated. But we're not going to do that. We're going to pick a niche and we're going to become specialists. Right? So, I want to show you one of my students. Kelly Nicole Fit. Kelly made $1.5 million last year as an online trainer. And she specializes in helping women. Basically, Recom. She wants to get a smaller waist in a bigger butt. She specializes in it. Right? And she made $1.5 million last year. But she's a specialist. If she was just a fitness girl, she wouldn't stand out. She didn't have this kind of following when I met her. I helped her grow her following. And we're going to talk about that in this video as well. Even with a small following, she was making over 20k a month. So, first thing you guys do is pick a niche. Become a specialist. When I think of a niche, I think of it like this. This in-sense for niche. You want to think about who you are selling to? What problem do you want to help them solve? Because business is all problem solving. Right? I need a microphone that I can yell into. And it would pick up my wonderful voice without picking up the background noises or anything that may be happening. And sure, solve that problem for me. I needed a device where I can write on for my YouTube videos. Apple saw that problem with me with this iPad Mini in this Apple pencil. It's all proud. So, what problem do you want to solve? When you really get specialists, how are you going to solve that problem? This is the most important part. Who are you going to help? What problem are you going to help yourself? And how are you going to solve that problem? When I first started my own life in this business, and mind, you, I did this back in like 0809. Right? Right after the financial recession, after my father killed himself. Right? I was working like several jobs. And I had to take care of the whole family. And I figured, man, it's got to be a better way. And the only thing I was really good at is training people. Because I've been a trainer since 1917. First thing I had to do was find out my niche. You know, this is something that I learned in business school. Right? Because I would graduate from Howard University. So I took these principles and applied it to online training. And so who I wanted to market to was men. But not all men. I wanted to focus on young men. So men who are like, it's called it 25 to 35. It's very important that you pick a gender and an age range. And let me tell you why. Because it's difficult to market to men and women. A lot of trainers have taken issues with this, because they say, oh, I want to help men and women. You can train men and women, but it's difficult to market to men and women. So for example, let's look at, you can look at secret to the other and you can just look at it without knowing anything and you know where they're market into. Right? Like look at the the the the fonts. Look at the colors. Now let me ask you a question. Are men and women's armpits way different? No, pretty much the same. But they're marketing to women. Now if we look at the order to market it towards men, you can look at this and kind of tell who they're marketing to. For example, this one has a goddamn fucking bear biting the name out, biting into the name. We can safely assume that's for men. Even if they don't want to say, look at the colors. The font than the names. Here's the thing. This fresh scent of I have this in the house and the secrets like powder, fresh scent, exact same ingredients. This is almost nothing different. It's exact same smell, too. They're owned by the same company. But they know it's both proctor and gamble. It's same company, but the brands are different because it's difficult to market the women the same way you want to market them to men. For example, if we wanted to have the owner that was marketed towards men and women, what would we pick? What color would it be? What would be the name? What would be the font? Whatever you decide, whatever you're thinking is going to be something that's not appealing to either one of them. So you can train everybody which came marked anyway. And then I picked the age range. You want to pick a 10 year age range because men age 25 to 35. They think similar enough. But the man in his 40s, I'm 40 now. I'm 42. I do not think the same way I thought when I was 25. The marketing that appeals to a 25 year old guy is not going to be the same market and it's going to appeal to me. And vice versa. So when you think about our marketing, we want to stand out. If you stand out, you can't appeal to everyone. Look what I did though. I remember all trainers. Well, I said, fuck it. I'm only going to focus on men. No, diddy. But not even all men. Only men age 25 to 35. So boom, already I'm not competing with a bunch of people. I'm not going to be the raw trainers. I'm only trying to get a small segment of the market. And now my content is going to stand out. Now we got to go to what problems we want to solve. I chose to help people get ripped. And I knew that meant they wanted to be muscular and with low body fat. But I used their language get ripped. If I was marketing in the women, I would say get toned, right? Because that's what women say even though it was a trainer, we know that that means they want to be muscular with low body fat. But then you got to think why does that person want to get ripped? So here's the thing. The reason a man aged 25 to 35 wants to get ripped is going to be different from a reason why old man wants to do it. Old man might want to do it because he wants to live longer. He wants more energy. He wants to be able to play with his grandkids, walk his daughter down the aisle or some shit. But young man, you're not thinking about that shit. What is he thinking about? Girls. In fact, a man aged 25 to 35 is difficult to get him to think about anything else. So when I was doing my marketing, it was me either me being ripped or girls with eggs. Right? That's what I showed. For most of my most popular, just me being ripped. A woman's seat was seen as in think, oh, I don't want to look like that. I don't want to look that muscular. Right? It wasn't for her. It was for the guy. And even the workout videos, I would have girls in them, not to attract girls. But so, but for the guy, you see, curdling your video, man, it's like, okay, cool. I might keep watching. So it's what? You focus on what they want. Oh, now this changes as you change them, graphics. This right here is why it's difficult to market the both genders. The what? and it's going to be different in the different niche, right? And how I'm marketing myself was I do keto now, but back then I did intermittent fasting with bodybuilder, or just abbreviated. So think about this, millions of trainers. How many of them 10 years ago, right? Tell men aged 25 to 35 get ripped with intermittent fasting and bodybuilder training. There wasn't a lot of people who did it back then. I was one of the few. I specialized in this. And that would maybe stand out. Now I'm a specialist, not a generalist. And specialists always make more money than generalists who makes more money. A heart surgeon or a regular as doctor, right? You go to them. If you got an ear infection, get throw it hurt, you got an STD or something, right? Or a mother who only operates a heart, right? The specialist. Now even if the fucking STD doctor is like, you know what, man? I know how to operate on hearts. I would even want them to. I want them to go on the operates on hearts. I want the specialist and people want the specialist too. So imagine two trainers. One of them, the only helps men age 25 to 35 get ripped with intermittent fasting. In verse the guy, he's just a fitness guy. He'll help you do whatever you want, man. If you want to be a pro athlete, help you with that. If you obese, you'll help you with that. If you want to be a power lift or help, you with that. Yeah, men, women, children, everybody. When the guy age 25 to 35, who wants to get ripped with intermittent fasting. When he sees those who train their who's he going to pick? There's no competition. In fact, he'll pay the specialist more, right? Because he's a specialist and you stand out. So that's that one. And in the ebook, 10 Commandments of Online Training, I talk more about that and I get some different examples of my students who've used it. And it'll help you get idea of what your niche should be. But it's critical you have a niche. This is also how you grow your following. Because step two is once you find out what your niche is and who your target market is. And what they want, make content around your niche to show that you specialize in this thing. This will actually help you grow faster than if you just did general fitness. Because this is how you grow online. People have to share your content for you to grow. That's the main way people will be able to share it. So when somebody who's in your niche finds you and you post something that's helpful, what they do, they share it. They show it to the friends and they probably have friends who are like them. We have the same goals and interests in the gym. And they share it to that's how you grow your following. That's the only real way to grow your following. Put it out really good content that people share. So you gotta make content specifically range in only your niche. These companies are smart. So when they do boost your shit or put it on explore page or put it on the homepage, it's not on everyone's homepage. It's not on everyone's explore page. When they see a certain amount of people, a certain kind of person interacting with your content, is going to show it to more people like that. So something that's on your explore page is going to be way different than what's on my explore page. Because we're in the different shit. The people who are into that is going to show on their page. If you're making general fitness shit, nobody's going to be excited enough to share it. It's not going to show the algorithm that it's to show it to more people like that. So the way you grow your following is actually to narrow your market. That's to start posting content on your niche. That's step two. Step three is you want to start entering Facebook groups where your niche is. So some of you are guys thinking I don't have a big following. That's cool man. There are tons of Facebook groups full of people in your following. And Facebook groups. We we call this group hacking. I talk about it in the book. Once you have your niche, you know they want. And you go in those groups and you also start posting helpful content in those groups. You would do it every day. Find this many groups. Spots with this tons of groups. You want to start posting helpful content in those groups. And I tell them people you want a come train with me. Nothing you just post a helpful content in the groups. Step four. You want to start DM conversations with the people who engage with that content. The people who like the content. The people who comment on it. You want to hit them up into DMs and start conversations with it. And you don't say hey buy my shit. I saw you hey was going on bra. Saw you comment on my video. What fitness goes you need help with. Something along those lines. You just start a conversation with them about their goals. You need help with fitness man or what what are you struggling with when it comes to your fitness goals. You just ask questions and they'll tell you and just keep asking questions. I give my I give my students a script to follow but the people are you asking what they're trying to come to the fitness goal. Assume what's been holding them back. You can give them some advice. They're new and bite them to get on zoom with you. This is where you sell them. We're not going to sell them at DMs. We're going to start conversation at DMs and they get them on a zoom call. That's why I teach all my students who are making up much money. And on a zoom call is better if you have a sales group. I don't have time to go into it now. But you can get a sales group from anywhere you can learn sales. And basically you're going to ask some questions about what they're struggling with. What their problems are again. And then you're going to tell them what they need to do to come to the goal. Then you're going to ask them if they want to help with that. And most of them will say yeah they don't want to do it on their own. They've been trying to do to show it on their own. Because they know what they do but they need help. They don't need more information. They need help staying accountable. And when they say yes you're going to tell them how you help them. I'm going to tell them how you're going to give them a custom diet plan, custom work out plan. But most importantly you're going to keep them accountable. You're going to check on them every day. Make sure that they actually follow the plan. Make sure that they actually follow the diet. This is step six. They set up a Google sheet with their workout plan and their diet plan and have them fill it out. Have them fill out their macros every day. Have them fill out the workouts every day. What they did. And you check on them every day. You need to hit your clients up every morning. And if they did follow the workout plan and you say you're going to get a good job. Let's keep up that momentum. If they did not follow the workout plan or they did not try to do that. Then you say to them hey man what what happened yesterday. What what can we do to get you back on track what you want to do is you want to get them Positive reinforcement you need to do some right and negative reinforcement when you do some wrong. It was going to happen is you're going to be training them. But not just training them like the way you think about training as a trainer. I mean training the way you train them as a pet because that's how we train pets. I don't have a pet but I assume just how you got to train your dogs. They do some right you give them a treat. But it's all from the positive reinforcement. When you do some you don't want like you know chew a pochew bite the baby piss on the girl for an hour. Right then you give them negative reinforcement. You hit them with a newspaper, you're spraying water, pistol whip on my own how you work. How dog works. But the negative reinforcement they learn not to do it. We're going to do the same thing with humans. All right because it works with humans too positive reinforcement and then they're going to give them a habit of actually tracking their diets and tracking their workout plan. Here's the beauty of it. You don't even have to give them a good plan. It's better if you give them a good plan and I teach my students how to give them good plans. But anything of work. They need to get them to get them to work. He's a study by do university. They had a bunch of fat boys. All they had to do was track their fucking macros and calories in my fitness pal for three months. They didn't give them no workout plan, no diet plan. They didn't have them in a croquant deficit. They didn't tell them to do it in the fast and keep all vegan. None of it. This is just track your fucking calories fat ass. Right? And guess what happened? Over the course of the three months they lost on average five pounds. with no plan, because just the mere act of tracking people actually lose weight. Now you can give them a better plan than nothing. Like these science nerds gave them nothing and they lost weight. That's the power of tracking, because anything you track, a form is willing to prove. Is the cheat code of life? If you want to get better, something to start tracking it. Keep yourself accountable. Most people won't keep themselves accountable. That's what they fact. That's what it came to you. And our job is to keep them accountable. And the beauty of it is it's like, AI can't do that. AI can't keep them accountable. You can ignore a computer or at, or even a, a fucking auto text message. I know from the last election, I ignored all the text messages from both parties. I gave nobody nothing, but I responded to all my friends. I responded to my mom, right? You respond to people. AI can't replace that. The human touch, you can actually always charge a premium for. People don't even value stuff this auto generated. Right? When you get an auto generated text or a messenger from you, ignore that shit. emails, you ignore that shit. But from the subfer from a human, you're going to pay attention to. Right? So that's why this is never going to go away. Only human's going to keep the human is accountable. Right? It's just like when you go to the gym, it's way harder to skip fucking leg day if your home is going to meet you there. Now, you may be saying how much do I charge? Let me give you some context. When in person training, the average trainer at the average gym in America charges a hundred dollars per session. Some places charge a lot more. Like, Equinox is like 250 per session. So if they see that person three times a week, that's 750 dollars per week. But the average is 100, which means if you see a cherry at a three times, that's going to be $300 per week. So every time you see someone in the gym training with trainer, they're paying somewhere around that price. The thing is, the trainer is only going to focus on working with them for that hour during the gym. But now that means they got one, three other hours today to fuck everything up, to fuck up their sleep and to fuck up their diet. Most important part, the diet, most important part, I remember this one. I was an in person trainer. There was some people no matter how much I train them and when it was weight, I was a good trader. And I noticed that there was a robegan instructors, a few robegan charges at the gym. Their job was cardio. It's my focus sweating like a horror in church all day in the cardio room. And they were still like a headbelly's in shit. That's because you can't out train a bad diet. You can't out diet bad training. People with a man, all my training is not good because I can't work with their form. And I can't fix their form. Okay. The most important part is the diet. So what I started doing, and this is what I suggest you do, is you give them the workout plan. And if you're super fucking concerned about their form or some shit, and you can have them fill themselves or something, they're going to do it on their own. You know, follow the diet on their own, we need to make sure they're tracking it, make sure they're keep it. We gotta be meticulous about them adhering to the diet plan. They will get shit. Especially because it's the first time anybody, mostly smoke is attracted, they're diet or follow a serious diet plan and they're whole fucking lies, right? Dye is the most important part. And the in-person trainer is charging more and they're not even doing the most important part. That's why I think online training is a better service. Isn't it much you charge for the better serbs? You're going to sail 16 week packages for 9.97. 16 week packages for 9.97. Significantly cheaper in in-person training. And this is why we want to get on a sales call with them, right? Because we want to give you $1,000. When it's the last time somebody DMed you and gave them $1,000. Maybe never. But people spend $1,000 over Zoom and on the phone all day, every day. You know, spend that kind of money people have to get to know you better, right? You gotta think they watch, they consume your content, they talk to you in a DM and you're on a sales call with them, right? You were able to build trust during that time period. They say no to that or they can't afford it or it's too much or whatever to think, then we do monthly for $2.97 or $3,000 a month. Which is way cheaper than in-person training. And we're going to track the diet. We're going to give them a better product for less money. There's less time intensive for us. Because we're just going to give them the plan and make sure to do it every day. And if that doesn't work, then you do $80 a week. If they were going to in-person training, they're spending $100 a session on average. So we're charging less than a third of the price. And given them a better, a better product because the diet is most important part. If you can get 20, if you get just 25 clients, and you $80 a week, keep an average of 25 clients for a whole year, which is 52 weeks. That is $104,000. That's like what a brand new doctor makes. Or you make it six figures of 25 clients. Do you need millions of followers to make 25 clients? You've probably got 25 people following you right now who'd be excited to work with you. Especially if you really honed in on a diet. That's the game plan to make money as online trainer. If you want more information about that, I got the free ebook called the Tank of Man's Online Training. Click the link in the description down. It was 100% free. It really goes in way more detail about how you can break this down. And as case studies from a lot of my students, you can see their success stories as well. And you can replicate those in your own life. All right, link is in the description.

=== FILE: The Fastest Way to Build Muscle and Burn Fat By Summer [kmh-DuBlddk].txt ===

Some of you, the skinny fat. Some of y'all are fat skinny. And this summer, you gonna wanna be outside, having fun with everybody else at the beach, the pool, the functions. You gonna wanna slide up on some big booty latinus or big booty white girls, they got them now too. You might wanna get you one at them. Or you might wanna get, get you a little black girl, man. The sendin' over kinda. Whatever type of, you wanna start this summer, you'll need to get in shape to do that. You know what? You can't burn fat and build muscle simultaneously, pay attention. There are some circumstances where you can burn fat and build muscle at the same damn time. The people who can do it are people who are just starting working out. This is your first fitness video you ever watched, first of all, congratulations. You started your shit off right. You skipped all the bullshit and came straight to the dope shit. You should be proud of yourself. Working out for real, you can't build muscle and burn fat simultaneously first year because your body's going through such an adaptation phase. It will be possible for you. If you've been training in the gym for real, for more than a year, then it's unlikely. You'll be able to burn fat and build muscle simultaneously, but there's still hope for you and I'm gonna show you how in this video. Probably been doing it for a year, you still look like shit. That's how you ended up watching videos. But for God, I don't watch videos on how to build muscle and burn fat. I'm making it working right now. You can also do it if you are on some sort of performance, enhancement drugs. If you take it, roll it, train, super soldier serum, whatever they gave Steve Rogers. If you got somebody to Hess shit, you can burn fat and build muscle with the same time. However, at the same time, if it's possible, it's not optimal. Cause think about fucking body builders. These motherfuckers already have elite genetics. They're on tons of PDs. That's why they all die super early. It's not about the years in your life. It's about the life in the years. That's the mantra of a dying body builder. And they have the best nutrition coaches and the best body building coaches working with them. And they still don't try to build muscle and burn that simultaneously. They go on huge bolks, get fat and roast for like half the year. Then they go on a huge cut and look fucking shredded for it for their show. They do that because it's the most optimal. So just because there is a world where you can do it at the same time, it's probable but it's not optimal. However, I have a work around for this for you. First thing they do is they bulk. They go on a bulk. So they start bulking and they bulk until all year until they're fucking gross. This is the gross line right here. Yeah. They bulk all year. Now here, a bulk and put it on muscle. And then they go start going on a cut. Then they start going on a cut finally. Then they go start going on a cut. They're going to cut and then they start cutting. They do like trash half the year. Like I said previously until they cut. And then they finally start looking good. No, daddy. That's what bodybuilders do. So let's just say this is like a year. What I'm going to show you a method is how you can actually stay looking good all year and start building to muscle and burn in fact. Right, we're going to take the same philosophy. So what we're going to do is we have our bulk face and our cut face. It looks like a road. It's the road to ripness. At the end of that row is a six pack confidence. Itches. We want to mate with you and have your black babies. Instead of doing it for a whole month of fucking year, first you cut. You want to cut until you're as ripped as you want to be. Then you get there and then you bulk. The blue line is going to represent the bulk. So now we're bulking and then soon as we start to get a little bit fat. What we do is we cut again. So that's ripped as you want to be. And we keep doing this over and over again. And I'll talk about how long you should do it. Each phase, but the blue line represents bulk in the red line represents cutting. And the beauty of this is you stay looking good all year. You're basically doing the same thing as the body builder is just shorter the ratios. I call it micro cuts in micro bulk. A lot of people will try to tell you that you can build muscle and burn fat simultaneously. Listen man, the most anabolic thing you can do is put yourself in a chloric surplus aka a bulk. And the best thing you can do to lose fat is to put yourself in a chloric deficit. So we're just going to do this the same way the body builders do it. We do it in shorter timeframes instead of six months periods. One of the reasons it works so much better for body builders is they don't care if they're fucking fat during the offseason. It doesn't matter. They only need to be ripped for a show. Me and you, we gotta be ripped all year round because we want to get pussy all year round. I don't want my girlfriend looking at me. We're like Dan, you should look good. Now you do it like shit. And then we gotta go see the micro be Jordan movie or something. And see wishing I look like him. I don't want that. You don't want that. I'll beat Michael G. B. Jordan's ass. We can do creed for right now, Nicka. I'm sorry Michael if you're watching this I mean the turn up on you like that man. You seem like a good brother. But you and Michael be coma, Nicka. And also when he's body builders do this shit, they're on mother fucking PDs. Remember they're on PDs. So they're going to burn. They're going to build more muscle during the bulk than we will. They'll put on less fat than we will during this bulk, right? Because they're on PDs. And because they're on PDs when they cut, they'll retain more muscle and lose more fat because they're on PDs. KDs work really well. Don't they Michael be Jordan? Oh, and another thing is the reason we don't want to get fat during a bulk is because fat sales don't go away. I'm taking Nicka's back to high school biology right quick. The way sales work. Some people erroneously think that, oh, if you get fat, you can turn that fat in the muscle. When I hear that, I just think Dan, the fucking United States public school system really needs to pay to teachers more. Sales can do a few things. They can fucking grow and they can divide. But they cannot transform into other cognac sales. We are not X-Men. I bought sales, don't turn in the skin sales. Sales do not transform into other cognac sales. So it does not turn in the fat. But here's what happens with fat sales. When you get fat, you start booking the fat sales a grown. They expand, they get large. And then what happens? They divide. And then they get large. So what happens is if you want to bulk you will end up with more fat sales, you may think, okay, I'll just go in and cut and I'll get rid of fat sales. No, it doesn't work like that. When you get new fat sales, you do not get rid of them. They get smaller. They can get super smaller. Fat sales don't die. Let me show you when I'm talking about. The professional institute of health. Basically, in this study, it's on my fat sales in your team years or any years. They linger for a lifetime. When you get new fat sales, they stay forever. This is why it's easier for fat, one focus to get fat again. Because they got more fat sales. The fat sales only have to grow. They don't have to divide. The only way to get rid of fat sales, no one's wants you to make them. To get rid of them, is get a light post-suction. Here's another study. Just talking about dynamics of fat sales, turn over in humans. They're building the fat sales don't go away when you get them. We don't want to make new fat sales. That's what happens when you run these big ass bolts. We actually make new fat sales. The micro cut in the micro bulk prevents that from happening. Let's go over the rules. I don't care if you skinny fat or whatever you got going on. First you go on a cut and you get as ripped as you want to be. It's a few different ways to do it. But the number one thing you should do. First, you have to be in a clogged devs. Meaning you are burning more calories than you can. What you want to do is you want to get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. You can get yourself a Fitbit, a Garmin, Apple Watch. You can get yourself a Samsung watch. If you are real nerd, I don't know anybody with a Samsung watch whose ever had vaginal sex with a woman. I'm sure they're out there. I just ain't seen them in the wild. I think a Samsung watch is the best watch to buy if you've taken a vow of seller-be-seem. And you want to make sure that no one is sexually attracted to you in any capacity. You still have a Samsung watch. That is pussy repellent. Oh y'all. Tax and get female friends. Your mothers, your sisters. Have you ever fucked the guy with a Samsung watch? After they get done throwing up in their mouth, a little bit. Ugh, no! I'm sure they're finding devices. Those Samsung makes the devices. Everyone's to pay me to endorse their ugly ass watch. I'll take back everything I just said. Johnny Samsung, if you listen. I will have one of my ankle and your own bolf race. If you give me enough money. But up until then, that's the goofiest shit you wear. I digress. Get yourself a fitness tracker. My preferred fitness tracker is the ordering. I used to wear the woop. It doesn't match all my tire. If you wear a suit with the fucking woop, you look like five kids or some shit. Man, you look like a goddamn cyber bully with that shit on. And I used to wear the Apple Watch until I started wearing these Swiss watches. And this don't track my heart rate. But increases your mama's heart rate. The one you see me increases your bitches heart rate and when she sees it. Anyway, why is it important to track the calories you burn? Because we want to put ourselves in a chloride deficit. Meaning we're burning more calories than we can soon. So we should know how many calories we're burning. And these fitness tracker will help you with that. Then not 100% accurate, but we want to make sure we're in a good range. So that's step one. Get yourself a fitness tracker. I think Samsung makes a ring. I'm sure it's fine. If you hate pussy, go ahead and get yourself an Android Samsung phone. Start sitting in bitches' green text. You will accidentally save yourself until marriage with that shit. Wait, your marriage and God. Who's also a nerd. Anyway, the next thing we need to do is you get to get your phone, right? And download my fitness pal. And what you want to do is start tracking all the calories you eat. This is the part where my focus start acting like some real bitches. Oh, I don't want to track my calories. Well, I have to track my calories. And they act like it's the fucking most difficult thing in the world. They start crying about it. Like I accidentally do more fucking calculus or some shit. All you gotta do is put numbers in your fucking phone. If you think it's difficult, then you really need to reassess your associations with challenges. Because I see people doing real difficult shit. Like I see these men hanging from fucking building, cleaning the windows in Miami. Like a Latino spider man. Like that's difficult. And let me show you why you should track your calories. So it was a study done by Duke University. What he did, they got a bunch of fucking fat boys like you. And they say, hey, Fed ass, all we need you to do is track your mother fucking calories. And my fitness pal, I had to use my fitness pal for three months, right? They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't give them no workout plan. They didn't had these motherfuckers doing keto. They didn't had these motherfuckers doing vegan diet, paleo diet, none of that shit. You know, they just say, track what you eat. Instead of just putting anything in your mouth like a whore. Just fucking put in my fitness pal fat boy. Get the three months that it shit. These motherfuckers lost at average of five pounds. No plan. Like you got to remember, five pounds in three months is not impressive. Until you remember, they did nothing. They had no diet plan, no workout plan, nothing. All they did was track their fucking calories. Because once you start track and you start being more mindful of what you eat, you start making better decisions. And what happens is people start to realize how many calories they eat every day. Most people have no fucking clue. How many calories they eat every day. My grocery was tracking their calories. And once you was trying to get like me, you become like people around. And she's really from the lower East side, right? But her heritage is Dominican, right? Her parents barely speak English, you know? And she started tracking their calories, right? And she eat notice Dominican food, right? All types of fucking rice. All types of Dominican shit, you know. She eat net. Mungo fungo. That should they be net mungo fungo made from plantains. She eat not as shit. That might go con way mox. And she ain't had no idea how many calories they need. And then she was trying to cut for like, you know, a summer vacation we was going on. She put that shit in my fitness pal. And she was like, holy shit, I'm out of calories for today. After eating that mungo fungo kind of wiggles. And I was like, yeah, yeah, the idea of meals meal me a more. No moths, that's what you're gonna about to do. And I had to fucking slap the plate out of her hand. Right? I slap her. We don't want to hit the bitches. Chris Brown taught us that. We got to thank Chris for making that sacrifice for us as we wouldn't have learned. So I say all that to say the average moth fucker, including you, has no idea how many calories you eat in each of them. Once he's fat boys in the study started finally tracking this shit, they started making better decisions. Now imagine you actually have a real fucking fat loss plan. I'm about to give you when you about to get one from the king of ketosis. You about to get a fat loss plan from the one and only gymnasium Jesus. I'm very excited for you right now. Get your pin and pads out. What I prefer you do. You go ahead and open up chat jippity. You don't have to use chat jippity. You could use Gemini or you can use a claw if you swing that way or you can use grock if you nest. If you like a little bit of racism. We all like a little bit of racism sometimes. I'm open up chat jippity on my phone. Sometimes I like to talk to this whole life. I'm 200 pounds. I live weights. Five days a week. I do cardio three to four times a week. That's my girls on a period and it's like a little less. I want to lose one pound a fat per week. How many calories should I consume? All right. So here's what Shorty said. You know, she did a whole bunch of fucking calculations and shit calculated all the stuff. But here's the thing with the prompt. You have to tell her your weight and tell her how active you are. You should might be different here. I didn't mean for her to hear that. But chat jippity's always listening. But you tell her your activity level. Boom. Boom. I'm a pound a week. She has to make as to make my total daily energy expenditure. Right. She categories me as very active. Cool. Melabotic Ray Odyssey. She did all the math. Final answer. 2600 calories. Then you hit her with this. Make me a diet plan that hits that those calories. But I also need to get one gram of protein per pound. And I'm not disagreeing with that YouTuber. But you better remember those studies were conducted in controlled environments. The science nerds who we're doing those studies, knew exactly how much protein each participant was getting. You and I live in a real world. At the age allows food labels to be off by 20% in either direction. So what does that mean? If you get some shit that says it has 10 grams of protein, legally it could have only 8 grams of protein. It might have 12, but it might have 8. It's not bad to get too much protein. But it is bad to not get enough. Especially when you're cutting because you need the protein to retain the body weight. So we're just going to do a pound. Because even though you might only need 0.8, we're going to go for a whole pound. Because that makes up with the potential 20% margin that the FDA allows food labels to be off. Does that make sense? I don't know what nobody's talking about this shit. How come they don't know that? Maybe they should shut the fuck up. You know it now because you watch this video. Congratulations, man. Bro, proud of you. You put that prop in there. Hit the button, send that shit to sky net. Then it's going to come back. Which is shit, man. It makes a plan. So these are the macros you're going to be in each day. You can adjust the macros to a right boom. Oh, she got it on high protein, moderate fat, low carb. Okay. So the reason she's doing low carbs is because she knows me. She knows I'm keto. It's going to be different for you when you put it in. I'm keto. So she got me at 50 grams of carbohydrates. Right. She wrote me a diet plan. What you notice is there's no, there's probably going to be no chicken breast in this shit. Because she know I want to like chicken breast. I told her, hey, it's chicken breast for women. Don't ever put that shit in my thing. Right. She got me chicken thighs. Now you got your shit, man. You got your game plan. Right. And here's the beauty of it. I just want to put you in a chloride deficit and you're tracking how many cows you're burning to make sure you're in a chloride deficit because fat loss is just man. Now the next thing you got to do is start tracking all this shit every day. I got a habit tracker that you can download. It's called the Victor revision plan. You can track all your goals in there and any habits you want. But you need to pay attention to the part where you put in your fucking calories burn and calorie consume. So let's say, when you track because you got to be consistent, right? You got to make sure this works. Right. So let's say calories consume. Remember, we're supposed to get 2600 each a day. Let's say we're doing this shit for a week. Boom. All right. So we track how many cows we consume. But we want to track how many cows we're burned. So so in your Victor revision plan area is going to have this flamethrower laying here that does it. This is just a small version of it. And track how many cows you're burning each day. And these are total calories. And I just calories for exercise, right? So let's just say you set that goal for 3,100 each day, which is fucking light work. Right. Boom. Your burn 500 calories a day equals 3,500, which will have you with exactly burning one pound of fat per week because every pound of fat you want it to lose. You have to burn an extra 3500 calories. And that's why we we track in our macro because it's just math. How long do we do this for? Well, the first time you do it, you do it until you get as ripped as you want to be. Even if you skinny fat, you want to do it until you get as ripped as you want to be. And some people tell you to bulk first. I think that's so fucking stupid. For a lot of reasons I talked about initially, but also build and muscle is a more difficult process biologically. Right. The muscles have to break down and then grow back. Fat cells just have to shrink. Like you can lose fat way faster than you could build muscle. You're skinny fat right now and you just get skinny. You're immediately look better and you can do that faster. If you start bulk in first, what's going to happen is you won't be a skinny but you'll be a little fatter. And the problem with that is if you put on little muscle on top of some fat, it won't look as impressive. But sometimes I swear to God, when I cut people look at me and be like, oh man, did you get bigger? And I was like, nah, I actually got leaner. But I look bigger because of the proportions. I'm a waste of small and so many makes my shoulders look bigger. You can see the more cuts in my arms and shit. I've been a trainer for over 25 years and I train women and they said, oh, I want to get my butt bigger. I'm like, yeah, but you kind of fat bitch. We don't get you butt bigger. We got to get rid of the someone else love handles. Those cheetah rollers. Right. So you don't have to only date black guys this summer, right? You can date them if you choose to, but it won't be your only option because you so fat right? We need to get rid of that first. And then here's the thing, once they got leaner, that ass looked better, right? Because the waste was small. She looked like a motherfucking hourglass instead of looking like a two liter. She was curvy instead of blocking. You know, she looked like Jessica Rabbit instead of SpongeBob Squarepants saying goes, for you, skinny fat boy. You're going to look more pretzels soon as you get leaner than when we put some muscle on top of your lean frame, you're going to look way better. You do that cut until you are as ripped as you want to be and use the mirror for that shit. If you feel like you're looking ripped as shredded, boom, then you cut. Then we're going to the bulk. So here's the rules for the bulk. We now need to be in a cleric surplus. So we want to be in at least a 500 calorie surplus. We want you to cut. You take your calories and pounds multiplied by 20. That's how many calories you should get for the bulk. Long with the same 1 gram of protein per pound to body weight. Now you can go back to chagipity, right? With those parameters. Let's say I was trying to bulk. I am 200 pounds. I live weights for the five days a week and do cardio make me diet plan where I'm getting my body weight in pounds times 15 and I'm getting 1 gram of protein per pound to body weight. I'm going to make her do the math. Now I send your boom. Zagina need 3,000 calories per day. Boom. She broke my macros. Now she knows I'm keto. So it's going to be different for y'all. She's got my carbs a little high. She fucked it up with that. All right. So she got all this shit. She got me no meal and it's it. That's the workout plan. This probably would be good for both of y'all. But I'm still keto. I still bulk on keto and I'm going to tell her make me a keto version. You got your diet plan for the bulk. How long do you bulk? You bulk until your abs start going away. Your abs are going to be your reference point. When you go on your first cut, you cut into you super ripped and you got and you finally got abs. Because all of you have abs. Even if you skinny fat, you got abs. You got abdominal muscles. You just can't see them over the fat. You over here looking like barred simps in right now. When you got the abs, then you bulk until you can't see your abs anymore. I'll wait until they start looking kind of less defined. It's not about the duration. It's about abs. Who's what you can keep abs all your round, but you're still bulking and cutting. And then right when your abs start to fade, you immediately go back into another cut. You can actually do this indefinitely. I've been doing this shit for like 20 years. I never do maintenance. There's really no such thing as maintenance. Right? You're either in an anabolic state where you're building muscle or you're in a catabolic state where you lose a muscle. If you maintain the same amount of muscle over a month or so, that means that you were equally anabolic in catabolic during that month. But you're always isolated between it too. It's kind of like when you're driving a car and you're driving straight. It looks like you're driving straight. But you know, you're always making those little micro adjustments. Right? You're never going to 100. Adjustments those on, but you're still moving forward. That's what the micro cut in micro bulk is like. I've been doing this shit for like 20 years, man. This is why people who said, man, Brandon, how do you stay ripped all year round? What the fuck in micro cutting in micro bulk? If you want to my OG fans from 2009, when I first started this channel, I was talking about this back then. This is the best way to build muscle and burn fat at the same time. Because you're not doing it simultaneously. You're doing it within the same time frame. Now, what about the workout during this time? If I could tell you what to do, but this video will be too fucking long. We got sky net now. Yo, make me a workout plan to build muscle based on the teachings of famous handsome YouTuber, Brandon Carter. You got to write handsome just get you, mix it up with any other Brandon Carter's out. Of course, this bitch knows what's up. She knows me, man. You're insane. Full body training for that. That's what I recommend. I have videos on a guapful body training is more effective. And this should give you the workout. And you can do the same thing for the cut tools. Tell them to make you workout based off the teachings of Brandon Carter. And you might be thinking, why fool? Why does Brandon work in full body workouts? Because I believe it's the best. And I've been a trainer longer than you've been alive. I've been training people for 25 years. Back when your mom was putting your daddy in the fringes on for you, you even got born. I was training him people a day. I have another video you should watch right now that it's show you why I think full body training is more effective. You can go watch that now. But also wait a minute. Some of you guys, you like damn. I want to be a trainer like you, Brandon, how do I do that? And I got a free book called The Ten Commandments of Online Training that it's show you exactly how to grow your online fitness business. I made millions. It's an online trainer and I've taught about 15,000 people out of grow their online fitness business too. Some of these motherfuckers are famous on YouTube now, man. I was a result of my teachings and my tutelage. You could be next. For free, all you guys do is download that book and show you how to link the description. All right.

=== FILE: The Fastest Way to Get $100K for Your Business [JUBg_MI9YnQ].txt ===

Alright, so a lot of people come to me, they say, yeah, I'm trying to start my business, but I ain't got no bread. I ain't got no money. So I decided to bring my man, Shemidi here. He's an expert at helping people get funding for their businesses or their investments. And he's from Chicago like me, man, what have all my skills? Good. So like, man, tell me more about what you do, how you help people get funding for business. Yeah, so people come to me and get a dump for your service. We leverage a LOC to get access to your first 100,000 to 200,000 business funding. But my method the way I do it is 0% interest business credit card stacking. So that means I'll be able to get multiple different credit cards at a 0% interest row about a year, two years. And we try to get your 100,000 that way or 200,000 that way. Instead of trying to go get a loan, what are they going to ask for documentation? Maybe banks, they may attack, return a lot of stuff. Most people don't got them type of dots. Yeah, so you kind of mean, we get your no-doc money. So you get them like a few hundred grand. Yeah, so the first round of the fund we have get any between 100 to 200,000. And how long did they have to pay it pay it back? So you really want to pay it back before that 0% interest lost out. So you got a year, 18 months, so about a year and a half, sometimes, sometimes two years, depending upon the bank and minimum payments. Yeah, minimum payments. So the whole thing is the reason why I love this model so much is because I can leverage some of the L's, $100,000 in pay back. They probably don't mean you pay back $1,000 a month. So every credit card that we use, they probably will make us pay like $150 a month back. Yeah, I mean, you've got to have good credit though, like you can't do it. So what kind of credit you need? Yeah, so you need anywhere between $700, $750. Okay, it's not really about the credit score, bro, it's really about the credit report. How we build your report. That's what we don't build the reports to. So basically, I got things where I just let people learn and build up themselves, which is not hard. It's literally just getting things in your name that you need to pay on time every month. Yeah, like fucking bills or what. Yeah, so like, rent reporters. So like, it's one way that we can get your rent, report it to your credit report and we can back data to a three years. So now we have put two, three years of history on time, payments on your rent, onto your credit report. That's a good account. That's how we establish a better report. Those are type of accounts. So it's going to be on credit cards, right? Yeah, let me just back up. It's going to be on credit cards. Yeah, right. And you get cash for credit cards. You use the credit like tell me, that's exactly how you just play more. So you can, liquid, it's called liquidation. Yeah, you can liquidate money off credit cards if you want. Yeah, not on time. The 10 thing that we got paid for, you can use the credit card for most of the time. But it is a situation where you have to absolutely, we definitely could be able to liquidate credit card money off the credit cards at the cash. Is that extra fee for this? Uh, another way we do it now. Uh, I do it away. You don't have to pay no fee. Uh, small sales supersavvy. Man, well, you do like it. It's made to you. I do. I do. But um, most people think about cash event. So cash event is going to tax. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, we don't want to do that. We want to use creative strategies to be able to get the money off the credit card. We want to buy some shit and sell it, man. Uh, let's just say a simple little quick little eating one, right? Yeah. If you buy to go pay your rent for $2,000, all right, let me pay with my credit card. Give me $2,000 cash. That's just like a little simple little way. But otherwise, you can send me an invoice. Okay, send me an invoice of $5,000. Mm-hm. I pay with my credit card. You my friend, best friend. You know, husband or Joe White. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, so somebody would different, but in and now you they could be able to give you the cash. Wait, but if I do that, I got to pay taxes on that money. As you can be able to offset it, uh, I'm gonna pay taxes on that. All right, and this is kind of stuff you teach. Yeah, it's nice to have a question. So what what we do with, man, let's say I'm a dual, right? I'm trying to start his business. Yeah. You know, it takes some start of capital. So now like a service business or some sort. And I'm like, man, I need to get this funded. I don't know what the average credit score is. And then I've something that's something that's the SME. And I got a bunch of liquid cash, obviously, because I need a cash. Like, what can you walk me through the steps that like, maybe a viewer can take him to? Yeah. So we need leverage a Metro 2 AI software. All right, now this software kind of does the work for you. Meaning they'll pull in your credit report, right? They'll basically pull up all the negative items when you're credit reported and they'll leverage AI and Metro 2 compliance to be able to draft you up dispute letters to send to the credit brewers and on your behalf, so that you can start disputing the negative things off your credit report. Okay. So we'll rather you clean your credit up first. You know, you can't go get access to the money with the negative items, collections, the regulatory, market, market, bank reps, these late payments. All that stuff. How long is that going to take the clearer? Some people's fast, some people's longer. So everybody's different. Some people get done in 60 days. Some people get done in 60 days. Some people get done in 60 days. Eight months. Right. It all depends on what you have on there. You know, how many you started there earlier? Yeah. The sooner you started, the better thing you started yesterday. Yeah. Perfect. Because credit is a tool that we use in our life. A lot of things. Oh, show me. Like, I put so like, I put everything on my car. I think you're like, I don't even walk around with cash. Yeah, everything's going to credit. Yeah, everything in the credit card. So yeah. The next business model will be, no, no, but you say first we coming to credit up, then what then I come to you. Yeah. So then, you know, come to me. We build. Okay. So if you are getting things in your name, get your auto loan and get your first credit card. Okay. Put your rent on your credit. Where's she a score B? Uh, so it's starting. Getting something that's the count of the matter was score. So we get like self-lender, credit, and so on. We get building products. Yeah. You get out of her way along your credit report. That where doesn't matter. Self is like a good one, right? Yep. So credit strong, rent reporters, kick off. Anybody can get access to those. Anybody can get access to those. And then you start building, you should up. Yeah. And why you getting rid of the rockers were you marked. Yeah. And then when they come to a certain score, then they can start utilizing your methods to the new old credit. Get the money. After you can plan it, after you get to about 700, you said, yeah. So clean it, build it up, and do you go get access to the money? No, I don't know what's the steps now. Yeah. So then now you need to my personal preference. I tell people to do is go get you a mentor. All right. Leverage the money to go get you a mentor and fill the business that you want to start or grow. So if I'm trying to get in a real estate, I don't just take the money and go just pie property of a hundred thousand dollars and just now I'm just in it. That's not ideally what you want to do. You want to go get your coach take that money. Take five thousand dollars, 10 thousand of it. Now go get you a mentor and a coach of somebody who's a eight figure earner in real estate that an RA'd have 400 properties and did this buy on your time, like the back wall can cut down your learning curve. Yeah. So now he gives you the layout, the blueprint, the learning curve, you learn everything you master. Okay. Now leverage the money that you got access through to be at a start this business on investment. I think that's a smarter way. No, it's a risk. Yeah. It's a risk and everything you do. The risk when you walk outside the door. But for, I mean, if you don't do it, what you're going to do. So that's all right. All right. All right. Yeah. That's the fact. So when I had just gotten to real estate, this year, okay? Yeah. That's the end. But the new section, they really stayed in. I got my boy, a mentor to help me walk out of the door. You go. And it's done. They get easier. Maybe it's not. So I would have met the figure out all that I'm on. Yeah. That very sister best teacher, but they ain't got to be your experience. You know, well, how much money have you been able to get for your client? We got one of our clients who had a great credit for your 800 credit score. Yeah. Had his business open for two or three years already. Mm. We got some minor credits, credit cards, loans. We would end up getting them around $650,000. It was found on call out. Yeah. That business credit is different than personal credit. No. Yes. 100 you tell me the difference. So you leverage personal credit, which a personal name, and personal credit report. And you get things in your personal name. Business credit will be which LLC and your EIN. And you can build that upset from your personal credit. Yeah. You got personal credit score and business credit score. Right. You can build both of those. And your loans and your loans or your credit cards, they don't count on your personal credit report. Uh, no. So the ones that we get, they only report to the business out. But. But. But. But they're going to pull your personal credit to see how good it is to get to the amount that we want you to get. So personal credit can help or hurt you with your business credit. But business credit won't hurt or help you with your personal business credit. Nope. Exactly. They'll know if you get the wrong credit cards and they will sum it the wrong credit card. So like capital one or discover business credit card. Yeah. They also report to your personal. Really. Totally. Port. That loan which a business credit So if they let it go, what is it? And everything. Huh? This is so they report you usually. Yeah. That's terrible. Raised. And we don't want that so that that that that the defeat the purpose of what we trying to do. Yeah. I'm trying to invest 50,000. I don't want to reflect them on personal credit. That's the fact, man. I got an amics plan them in a goal. Yeah. You know, it is that they say it is no limit. But I find that limit every month. I'm blind at it. It's it every month. Yeah. And if that's, if I had that kind of utilization of a personal credit my suit would be trashed. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So give me some other tips, man. They did it. Yeah. So now I'll get I started and schedule my funding company. Okay. So oh, you, you weren't a funding company. So I run a funding company. Yeah. Tell me more about that. So that's me doing a dump for your service and getting you access the at first 100,000 to 100,000 dollars. And you don't do nothing. So hands off thing for a client dump for your service by us. And we try to service you in a backing. Also, like if everybody doesn't want to do all this work you told me. Yeah. They don't want to do all the work. Yeah. Yeah. I just do it for you. What is the work? So they would sort of know like exactly what it is. Yeah. So if they did it on the own, what would it look like? It'll look like this. You got to have access to reps inside of banks. So you have to have relationships with people inside of a bank. Well, this is the high level with a down doing. Yeah. If you don't know, you don't know. But we get we get access to relationships, managers, inside of banks that we know the underwriters of. And we be able to push our applications through them. So we don't go online like the masses. We don't go on the banks to be at a plyppocratic art. Like the masses. We have relationships with people inside of the bank who's are close to the underwriters who push our applications through dacusines. So my client don't got to go on the bank. I don't got to go on the bank. We get our poofles through our relationship manager. And we get the request on them is we don't get our poof for limits. Most people get our poof for limits. Yeah. West our limits. So if it's if all was to do it like somebody was to do all, they're also going to call herself. It'd be a way different experience. It's a way different experience. I think somebody get a poof they like, man, I got to put the 3000. And then the same credit card with the same credit card for our poof for 80,000. Oh, say like, how the yeah, okay, so you got some you got some inside. Yeah, plugs. Yeah, so basically, um, because somebody's somebody's going to know that basically the the type of application pushed through that I have a my relationship based managers is a different application. We get the put on our notes on our application. Why we're using the money to reflect why we need this limit. And for them to honor like, okay, that's credible of why this person needs that limit. Yeah. And then we are directly with the underwriter with the relationship manager. So he's pushing it through himself, you know, and then we also get that special note. And then we also request our limits. So now that combination of things, plus you have a good credit report now. So you're already that gets us the higher limits than what a lot of people get. I got you guys who, so if someone was doing it on their home, they probably just wouldn't be able to it would have those advantage. And say, when you get to say, just going blind for it online, just applying the whole trying to figure it. They hoping it would. They hoping it would. Yeah, you got to go to guys. You have a much charged for it. Yeah, so it's a percentage on the back end. Any way between five to 10% of the back end. Also, it's no money upfront. I don't know money upfront for that on the back end. We get, okay, you know, but we just charge one of their cards. But they sit at zero percent interest. Yeah. And then we always use the card that got like an introduction like bonus. So sometimes you might get a thousand dollars back. I'm just paying us. I'll really. Yes, like you know, I've been getting like $80,000 rewards points on a thousand over a worth. Once if you spend an extra $100, yeah, well, you got to make this payment for your service. Okay, cool. God, now you're reaching bonus isn't stuff. What do people usually use this money for? Like starting businesses? Uh, so I'll say what I use it for. And what are the people that come from under me in my learnings? What do you use it for? We use it to build up personal brand. We use it for marketing, advertisement. Okay. And sometimes we use it for anything in our business. Like the pay for a role or until like purchase the reinvest back into my business, the reinvest back into myself. We invest into mentorship. I leverage other people money for everything to be honest. It's really no official. What's the problem? So it's better for people already have a business where just could use it to start business. Both. Okay. If you already have a business, you have extra opportunities to scale with more money. Yeah. Some more money you have, the more capability you have to scale. Some buy with access to 500,000 versus some buy access to 50,000. You can do a bigger thing. You know what I mean? So just anybody with a brand or anybody that's starting one. My mind said is, why would you use your own money? When you can put your money to the side, I do. And leverage somebody else's money to be able to make money. What do you say about the people like Dave Ramsey to you? Never I'm creating, never buy money. Like what's your counter argument? This is how I think about it. If you don't learn how to leverage debt, you're all going to work with somebody that do. Tell me more about that. So if I'm trying to make money most of the time, to call people go to work. If you're not going to start a business or a leverage debt to get into real estate, or he just type of things, right? Okay. Well then, how are you going to make money now? If it's not starting business or an investment, it sounds like you're going to have to work for somebody or do something legal. He just says, yeah, I let it. And if you want to work for somebody, if the person you're working for is leverage and debt to start their business, and they're hiring you for. And so I feel like, man, you should learn it and leverage it because and it just extends opportunity. A lot of people trying to get out of debt to go to zero. And then you still broke. You don't got no money just because you're out of debt. That's what you do. You know what I mean? And it's just, that concept to me makes a lot of sense in my head and brain. And you know what I was in college is like early 2000s, right? Maybe it was like 2000 or something. And I saw, I saw episode of MTV Creeps with a bird man. And he said, hey, whoa, dude, I ain't got no loans or in thousand. I don't know those on his cars. I don't know all this. Oh yeah. And I thought, oh, bird man don't got no loans or no credit. And I'm gonna do the same thing. So I had like no credit until I was like 38. Like zero, my credit score was the one I looked, it was like zero. Yeah, like it was nothing. I built business like a multi-seventh figure business using debit cards and shit. Wow. And I didn't realize how much of fucking I was missing out on. You know, because you know, so then I got into credit. I thought I learned about it. This is like just a few years ago, bro. Now I like a fuck man. I was so stupid man. It's crazy. It's now I got the amics platinum in the gold. And I got so many points, man. That's the bit of your bro. There you go. The talk went into the road. You talk about it. It's almost shit. And I get free trips, free travel. There you go. Because it makes me mad when I think about how much money you missed. Right. It's in so many point. No. It's like, you guys, so then man, you guys, that's the power of credit. Three million. And you're million. And they're going. Yeah. So that moved the route. So you know, it's not a screenshot. No, that's three million dollars in rewards points. That's extra money that you have access to. Yeah, just because you use credit. Nothing else. Like my flight's a free. Everything. Well, travel hotels say, yeah. I mean, the computer. And I was building a buy it off Amazon. I write and they said, they gave me the option. You use my own voice. Oh, shit. I think you can tell. That's amazing. But that's amazing, right? Yeah. It didn't just leverage, right? You know, I can only make moves with the money I had when I was running. The business of the debit card. I did. Right. And I had access to like, oh, we can scale these ads. But I know what kind of a return of ads been like, it from my ads. And so it's in if I use their money, it's like, oh, shit. That's, you know, it's like, you got the all- It's very important. But I was like, it's like the best model that I ever seen in my life. Like, when I started really getting into my bread, it's like, this is the real road. Like, you can really let it just love like that. Easy if you just meet the requirement. It's getting. And makes the little different records. You've got to pay it off every month. Right. The one you have. The one that is different ones that you can get. That you don't got to go. Like, those are charge cards. Yeah, these are charge cards. Yeah. So the ones we use, we don't use charge cards. The best of the purposes. But for what you're doing is bond. I get them too. It made sense because I went from using my debit card. So I was like, I just treat it like 100 a debit card. But I get the fucking points. 100. And it may be just like, I got to pay this off every month. You see, you're like, you just thought, you did the living. They find that living for you. But it will. But it goes up over time. It can go on up. Yeah, yeah. And so, but it's like, I paid off every month. Yeah, right. You know, it's just, I went through the last minute, though. It took a long time. I can money every day. Yeah. You waited in the month out. I recuperate. I'm late. Not gonna. I'm not paid off. I just like, some of Bellbee, man. Like, I've paid off on the last day. I don't be paid. They said, they'll probably. Yeah. I love his. Yeah. Let me. But I just like give him a lump. Some on the day up. Yeah. Yeah. Not that school, man. So, you know, what would you say to somebody, man, who's thinking about learning, like, created, like, how to how to go about it, like, Trent learned, and leverage this stuff the way. Like, we have and you teach us students. Yeah. I just feel like it's like anything else. It's like when you didn't know how to ride a bike, around the down there, you had to ride on their training wheels until you were able to ride without training wheels. It's just about learning. It's just about learning about it. How to use it. I'd leverage it. Once you learn it, it's not rocket science. It was not the thing in the world. Like, I would think that you got to be the smartest person world to be able to get 250,000, have 800 credits go when I was used to think about credit. So I know a lot of people out there are thinking about it as this big thing. And it's like, it's literally not. It's like one little concept you need to learn in this life. You just need to get it together and use it. You learn me. And when people get over that hump of it, all this, you scare yourself on a back-end, scientific things that you need to do. It's just something you need to learn and just start using and start getting used to what to do and not to do with it. And take care of it and take it seriously. They can really change their life with leverage and internet. I think one of the key's, man, you know, is just really the thumb up borrow money's only to make money. Yeah, that's the number one thing. Yeah, that's the number one thing. You need money to make money. So it's like, I use it on things that make me money. And I usually want to see like a ROI within the first month. You know, but I know how to do that with like the shit that I don't do. Yeah. But, you know, that's the only thing I would caution. People will get to like, I only use it as a tool to go get more money. Yeah. You know what I'm doing? That's it. You like, and these don't don't be out here trying to, I'll mail me a hit-up, smitty. And I'll mail you a hit-up, smitty, and I'm making you the new AP. It was like, don't, I don't do it like that. I'll tell you. And I'm glad you mentioned that to them because I need to double mentioned it to them. Yeah. When I first got into this in my first time coaching, that's what one of my students did. Man, he came in. He's like, wow, this is amazing. I got a totem how to get his own 100,000. Oh man, that man went, hey, wire. He came back. He said, I got my first Rolex. Man, I got my range truck, man. Oh, why don't get this? I said, you put it down payment on the range. He wrote it, you got the Rolex. You got the glam. I mean, nothing left with the range truck. And he had bought some more stuff. Like, when they got a condo, he like, I finally did it. My guy did everything I wanted to do. I said, oh man, no. But I just asked out a coaching. So I didn't even know what a new view was and where did I, I was in that case when he did that, though, it made me so much better as a coach to now. You know, focus on that point of please don't go. Spin this money on things that you can't make money up of because you got to pay this money. Bad. And I mean, you got to pay it back. Like, he fucked his life up more probably, right? Because now he's got a bigger car payment. He borrowed money to put a down payment on more than. They don't, you know what I'm saying? Like, he really, he's super leverage. Like, he really fucked himself up. And then he got a new condo. So he probably paid first last month rent and all this shit. And now he's, now he's monthly. It's, that's his high. Use that money to ruin his life. No, but I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I say, let's go bring out this car. You got, okay. So you're in at least make a car, no back or more. Hopefully. Okay. So that helped him out with that. Yeah. Now I did the Rolex and the condo. I don't know what you did with that. But he's, he's in good now. He's good to say, yeah. Yeah, he did the learning that he was super young. I hope he was young. I hope he was young. But he made me the better as a coach to not you. They're right further like, all the users as a tool, man. You don't got the money that you can't pay it back or good business money that you know. Spursur just going to go in a good way. You not, you not. You got to pay it back. Got to pay it back. Just go to the floor. Like, no, your personal doesn't mean it's not him. No, you got paid as much. I was a person. You got paid back. You got to pay your bad. Yeah. Money is leverage, right? And credit is like leverage on leverage, right? So the thing about it is, like I've seen money, fuck some people up, right? Yeah. I know I want to say his name, but this is due in my family. He made a bunch of money. I told him I start this business city with running. I was like, coach him and he started doing really well. And then he just used that money to really, like it accentuated how fucked up he was. Right? Like all the vices. He got like more into the vices. And then he had made over a million dollars, right? And like one year. Like because he had me, it's a coach, right? So he's going to do well. And the family. So I really care. And then he just started falling off. And then he sent me his crazy shot of his big guy doing it $1,000. And then so I like make a choice over. So I flew him, I flew into Miami to come here. I was like, now there's some emergency. You know, you grow man, when I leave that out of dollars. And I hooked, you know, remember, mint.com. You could hook up all your accounts to it. And he could use like a report of all your spending. And all the money. I mean, it's kind of, it's like, it's made by the into it. Right? So it's like quickly. It's like quick books, but like for your personal life, right? And I linked all of this in to mint.com. And it'll go back like a few months. That's all right. We're going to categorize every dollar you spent through this been like 80 grand on chicks. See him saying, no, not the not for us to just like, five, my yeah, yeah, and then it was for us to take with him a temperament. You know, but it like they've been flying around and I'm like, oh, man, he blew all his money, man. So they got he didn't know credit because he would have put himself in a worse position like like your boy, man. Like that's what he's doing with his cash on land imagine. If you could just throw his card around. I say that to say to the viewer, like you got to be real careful with that. You got to be responsible like a fucking dog. Where you got to meet him? We shouldn't have to tell a dog. You shouldn't do it, but you have to tell them. Look at him. Yeah, the average American's IQ is only about 100. So there's a lot of people to the left at that bill curve. And we got to make sure we look out for them. That's the fact. And they'll fuck their whole suit up. But that's why I spoke on a part of mentorship first too. Yeah, I didn't say just get out here. You know, I mean, getting you a coach, I meant to the guy you through the helping you with the situation. You know, I buy yourself trying to do these things. I make it just so much easier and such less riskier. You know, but getting to the top, you don't take some risks anyway. So you get a pair for that. I don't go thinking from what? What does that think he said? What does that think he said? I'm a thing. You got to take risks? I'll take risks. Yeah, I said you got to take risks. I think I'll take risks regardless. Trying to get to the top. Yeah, no, no. I mean, but as long as it's calculated, it's like, you might, I tell people who scared to take a risk, especially when it's money, especially if they broke already. I'm like, muffin. You know, you mastered being broke. You could have been broke. Yeah. So like, worst gap in is you're going to be broken if you had made it. But you could have been broke. You like you comfortable here. So like you should like take risks and give yourself a shot at least, man, just 100% you fall too far from. Speaking of speaking to which man, you from Chicago like me, man. Yeah, you throw you from the west side. Yeah. And I don't know what about west side. I try to stay away, you know, for like gang affiliation reactions. So like, oh, no, no, no, no, no. South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South. Yeah. But when I think of the west side, I think it like, like, muffucks might have chickens in any backyard, or the some cities that really liked that, or what, like, muffucks might be. Yeah. I think like crucial conflict. Like the rap group, they was from there. They used to wear overalls and shit. So so I wasn't in that long. I was, I was in South too. I was South, I was South, I was, I was, I was, but like, overheat South, so like 75 and exchange over. Okay. That's it. We're a, it's terrible. I'm like, so, um, me being over there for like a year and then like I older and I started hanging out with my group of friends, I hang out with now. They're from west, so I started my grade, no, but I got older. But I never like stayed and lived in western state. I'm who's the west suburbs. So you were okay. Okay. Yeah. So, but I, I say that because most people in America don't know what suburbs is. I just think Chicago or West Side Chicago, but just really the west suburbs. I know, okay, a lot of Chicago. I led in Chicago in the trenches in Chicago for two years. Yeah. I told my mom, we don't ever bring me back at every. And my like, how old was you then? I was like, uh, I think I was like 11 and 11. Yeah. Bro, I said, my mom, my own everyone come back here again. I just seen the back. Breakfast stuff. I see my life at this age. I know I'm not supposed to be seeing this up. I see. Yeah. I'm out there taking me on. I'm talking about basketball. I'm trying to live a good life. I ain't trying to get killed. But um, so I went to the west suburbs. So like, past Sean burger not okay. Okay, okay. Oh, that's cool. That was it. It's way. It's way. We'll live a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How old was you when you got over there? Uh, yeah. Yeah, it's just young. And okay. Yeah. And then out. So it's just young. That's good. Yeah. So when I started learning the business stuff, I understood right away. When I when I grabbed it, I kind of knew what was about to happen. I'm like, I know my work ethic. I know my willingness to lock in. I know my willingness to put in the work and ask you to ask. This is about to take me to the next level. But when I get to the next level, I can't be in Chicago. Yeah. I know what's up. Carl's gonna be Johnny Gitt. I just have a jury on me. Yeah. And I cannot be in Chicago. I have a big target on my back. So I have to move. Yeah. But then a tragedy happened on my best friend while I lived with. Yeah. I was sad I started here. Yeah. On James Chicago. Yeah. So that was the biggest turning point for me to be like, it's definitely over. And I need to figure out where I'm from and doing for the government. Yeah. And then like that moment, I had in my brain since that day that I wanted to get out of here. My mom here, my sister, my little brother here. My daughter's here right now. So now I got forgot this vision. Like I hide this as soon as my grandson was else. I'd never been in a world in my life. Yeah. But his brother has got to happen. He's got to happen. But when I always, when you hold me stuck getting killed man, like a lot of guys I grew up with just dead, you know what I'm saying? And it's just like, you got it. Everybody at living, I have to meant why though. Like, move man. You can go, move somewhere and be poor somewhere else, right? You know, it's safe. It's not Chicago man. Like why? I never understood where I'm going to fucking stay man. I did, I think I think it's just, they don't, they don't know better. It's like a bubble of just seeing what they seen and knowing what they know they don't know outside of this bubble. There's social media is just bubble because they friends with the same people as in this. Uh, with they see everything with a group around, they mom, they parents, they friends, it's all in this bubble. They don't see outside the bubble. So it's hard to try to even think about how they could get out of it. They never think they don't know about it. Nobody don't know what's going on out there. They literally only know what's in this bubble. Some people never, out of Chicago never even went to the west side of Chicago. They only, hey, like, you never been, I never even been in my life. I had a 30 years old girl. You never been, I never even went to the west side. That's what they're doing. That's what I mean by their just, it is one bubble, a range from 33 to 79. They never been outside of this one bubble. They didn't like it in the five, 30 years old. So I think that they just haven't been exposed to how they can and would aid it. They can actually move. That they can actually do something besides being in this, that they're in. Yeah, I literally think that some of them are like just roamed in to it. It's just like, that makes a lot of them. You know what I mean? I can, well, I got to sit the way to military school because I got to, like, some trouble on the sunrise. I was here on, like, some affirmative action typeship. So I was like the only black dude there. Like one of a few, like me, it was my cousin. He got in trouble. And it was like, you know, I mean, five black dudes there. And everybody else, like, super rich of an M.A.R. It was like, my focus from Mexico, who was like, my time in Italy is like, like, like, British Mexican families would send their kids there. And though I started seeing it, she was like, oh, shit. This is different. Like one of the homies got him up, one of the homies got him fucking range over for his birthday. And, you know, he's going like, oh, shit. This is different. Yeah. So I think it's exposure to make people think, okay, maybe I can do more. And I think you're right. They're saying that bubble. Yeah. And not you get the courage to fucking move, to leave. Me, I, once I got that exposure, military school, I just never went back. I was like, I went to college after I went to Howard. And as I was like, I would really go back to college. I was like, man, fuck that shit. And then after college, I went to Atlanta for a year, and then I moved to New York. And I lived in New York for like 15 years. But how'd you get the courage to leave? Yeah. So I was in the bubble too. No, that's not what I'm. That's how I noticed this real. I was in that bubble and I understand the outside. I was going on in all the different states and stuff. People do a business. I don't know nothing about credit. I don't know nothing about it. But my friend, the mine, started first. So he did what he did was called, like we call it like the locking season. Like he disappeared for months, like six months. He like didn't go outside with us anymore. He was hanging out going with. So he liked that was no credit. In the crib, yeah. He wasn't going with the girls. No more. We didn't want to vacation anymore. We in outside. I spent in part and having fun going to the club. Nothing. He cut it cold turkey. What he was doing was he was learning. He was learning about real estate. He was learning about building this business credit. He was learning about you know funding for this learning about how to start business. I didn't invest. And then he kind of told us at first. We kind of blew it off. He wasn't listening to it. Like man, you know, you acting weird bro. Like you come outside with it. He was like, no, I'm really like, I got something. I learned something. Nobody listened to him like that first. Because we didn't understand what he was doing. Well, I made you tripping. We kept saying that for a while. And then he popped up with. He got my first investment property. No, I was like, I ain't my way to make it. Oh, don't you meant to tell me about something like cost $300,000. I did do that. You know what I mean? He's like, I've been telling him. Yeah. Yeah, I got a proof of like two credit cards for like 10 and 20,000 each. So he got at cost $30,000, $40,000 one day. Maybe I've been trying to save $30,000 for three years. And it stood him and they could do it. You mean to tell me you got to prove for $30,000 one day. Yeah. Like, but when in my head, bro, it was over. Like from that moment on, I had a light bulb. Being in my head to be like, wow, there is a lot more out here than life. A lot more things I could be using. A lot more things I could be learning about besides what I've been doing. I think that I could do out here to make money or look. It's just a set of learning game and shakes and stuff. You have to say, you know, drugs and rounds. You sit around. Yeah. Going to work for 20 years. It's all I see. I see some drugs, stuff, scamming. And people going to work for 20 years. Yeah. Yeah. You listen? You know what I mean? But he did that. That changed my life forever. So now I tell him, I tell him, bro, teach me everything that you just learned over the last six months that you talk about. Oh, you used lock down for six. There's a lot of lessons in this story. I don't know. So he used lock down for six months. Yeah. He accomplished something and then you was around him. You could you saw someone like you who come for you from through something, but then it made you feel more real to you. Right? Well, imagine sitting and I'm seeing some of you going to TV. So people hear it about it. It's like, when somebody just like you did it. Right? That's why I was like, oh, we're really going to get that part of your story because there's some people who watch it from where we're from. Music. And then they, they, it looked like us, right? And they might be, they, it makes them more real to more just we get these stories out. But after that change, you're like, they don't what you do. They won't have. Yeah. So then I went in my own lock and seeing a little like six to eight months. Yeah. And I'm this is taking over my whole brain. Now, I can't think about nothing else but business credit. Yeah. It's better than I'm like. I got to figure all this stuff out. I got to learn everything about it from the bottom to the top. I don't care what it is. I'm learning about it. Yeah. So then did that for about six months. So I just learned everything that he was like, then he was like, you wouldn't, he gave you like material, like, chords is, chords and all that stuff. And then he's so he invested into a program called Spah. $5,000. Oh shit. Right after he did it, I did it too. I'm like, I'm, I'm all men. Whatever we go, whatever I'm about to do, I'm all in. And then so I thought I locked into that mentor and that coach. I got $500, $800, $800 and RPX, but man, I went pro. I was just so locked in. I mastered that stuff to the, to, I don't, it's nothing. Nobody can ask me in this word about business credit credit or funding. It allows you something. If another lesson, right, you, you found a lane. You like really learned it. Yeah. That's it. Nothing else. I don't want to talk about it. I'm just strictly this until I master and then able to do it for myself. And then able to do it for other people. So then I did it for myself. I had a bad credit score. I looked at my credit score. I'm like, oh, let's get this stuff rolling. Let's get this stuff rolling. I'll throw it up get some credit cards. Some. Look at my credit score. 4, 69. And all day. All right. That's the first step. I thought, nothing put you in jail when it's that low. Like, something like you up and you fucking scoundrel. At that time, you didn't care about that. Yeah. But I looked at my credit score. I said, oh man, my credit score. 4, 69 can't do nothing with this. No. So now I thought the first thing, the first learning curve I got learned is credit repair. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I learned the credit repair aspect that how to go about it. How to do the right way. How to clean these things. All I had to take it off. Can you take this stuff off just like every day? Clean my own credit. Okay. My credit. Me and my friend. He was helping me to eat like bro. He was just used this. Or I'm learning this stuff. Let me try. It's just this work. So everything. He got some stuff that work. I got some stuff that work. We're trying everything. I clean my whole credit report off. Like a four month. That's what's up. I'm just going to score two. Like 730. Right. Yeah. I got my first credit card. All of a sudden. That's the feel good bro. Yeah. It's the real. I got my own credit. My own name when it was four five thousand miles. Yeah. I'm like, okay. This is real. Really. I mean, I had. When I. I didn't have nothing right. So I had to get the authorize. He was the. Yeah. That's the only thing I did. You know, one of the homegirls. My homegirls. She put me on. So I took home. That's it. Shout to you man. She blocked me man. Oh. We still cool. So appreciate what she did. That's the cycle man. You know, you may grow. You'll start hanging out. Then she blocks me. That's what that's an hour. That's the. That's the. Because you always put your game. Yeah. No. So that was. Yeah. A good card. If you had a like five year. Right. So that. And then that allowed me to get the. Amics. Not the plant. It was the blue. Right. And then I got the blue. And then I think I went. I had her rent somewhere. Did if you get savings of Cal and Amics. They look favorable about herself. I'm going to start their high yield. Say it is just a little bit. Then they offered me to fucking platinum. And then then. And then. And notice. I think it was the goal for. I don't remember which one was first. But I took them both. I'm waiting. I'm waiting for that. Fucking centering man. Yeah. The black got a plug. I got. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. No. That's the first. Yeah. I got you should be. I think I call it. No. I got. I know some of them. No spin as much as me. I got. I got. That's what's up. But you know what I love about your stories, man. Like we're from the same city. Some of the background is a shit. And. Like you did it legit. You did it legal. And came up. And. I just. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Mm. So we were going to be. A hundred percent. Crying, yea, that's what we were doing. Of. It's. Yeah. It's really. Me. Yes. I was arren barley. I was rh. I was on 1. Then they would. Ienger. I've been like.ottle. What made you pick Atlanta? Uh, this is gonna move anywhere. Uh, so I started seeing now, now I'm in my business. I'm getting business savvy. I'm starting to learn. I'm starting to understand. We got to start businesses. We got to get invested. Everyone get to the next level. So now I'm seeing stuff on social media. Now I'm my social media. It's my social media. What I watch and what I'm scrolling through. Every day is changing. Yeah. Unfollowing all the BS and all the game, banging outside and shit. If you're not a wild, the drum, because they're gaming banging on the internet, man. I don't think they really do when they're doing that. Yeah. It was different when I was from Chicago. Yeah. That's what I'm unfollowing all that. And now I'm following all the multi-millionaires, all the positive pages, all the theme pages that talk about me and a million and all the non-sense advertisement. Now I'm from business. People always say, hey, I start this business. Yeah. This was, I did, you know. So then so those things. And then every time I come across somebody that I, you know, resonated with or felt as though I can learn from, they kept being from Atlanta. So I'm like, all right. Then I don't know that. And then I always heard a little bit when people were out of town telling, oh, that's the black club on Japan, New Year's of people that make a lot of money. They go there, line them in. So that was the first place I knew about that people who do that type of stuff, that's so I'm like, okay, why would I stand by an environment where I haven't met not one million there? Yeah. Where I see it. Well, here, having been to where it's 100 millionaires and one event, how be it a bump showed this in revs shoulders with a lot of people at a higher level. Way faster than I am here. So when I had them on my own, it took me like three four months out of there. I love it. I myself, smart move me. I buy myself, I got out. But who came by yourself? I'm myself. That's what's up. I got out. I wasn't scared, bro. I'm just like, you know what? I've been doing this for long enough, right? It doesn't know where it, it's nowhere, it's nowhere. It's like, look at this, you know, I'm out. Yeah, no, it's from what I see is, I mean, they got they got crum-shed there, but I'm sure you can go in where like two chains grew up or no shit like that. You see. I'm during my dad. When we're on bed now, I'm out of the go first. The suburbs are so different. Yeah. It's too much moving around, going on, man. Great. No, I feel you, man. If I see to me, dreadlocks, I'm like, nah, nigga. I know what's your time, y'all, long. Unless you got sued on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just doing a Navy's movie. Right, every time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought you were popping. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're out here looking like Keith, Keith. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like, as Atlanta, you know, I still feel like it. Maybe, maybe. I still feel like it's heard. Like, I'm wearing none of my watches this year when I go to the other time. Like, I'll be working in G-Shot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As this moves, we always been aware of time I'm out. I'm always going to be in Byrdman, where is I'm with a millionaire. Yeah, okay. And here, you just know you just got to know it. I know, I learned how to move on Chicago. Yeah, that's the same thing. So, I learned how to move out there. He plays a dubbing going to the other side, man. This easy move, no, or do I have to Chicago, like, last year for a... It was like a funeral and in my girl came with me. And I was like, all right, we're going to sell. So I had to call this jury, put it in and say, yeah, nine. Yeah, yeah, they're good. You all don't fucking around me because, you know, I got the strap. Yeah, yeah, they're really good. You did. Right, super cool. I know these marks. Listen, I know these people. Right, not that stupid. That's been real. Yeah, that's not no for play. We were just southside, like, you know, where I'm from, it didn't. My sister because she got a church, like, man, slightly. Literally, we had to drop past old block to go to the fucking church. And I was like, really, man. Listen, I was exactly this old. It's not like, I don't feel like that in the land of, but I don't be in those parts. I'm sure they got, they know how they got it. Everybody got bad parts for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to go to them parts. I want to go to them parts in those days. No, it's a lot of lessons to get there. That's not that hard. Even in my enemy, man. You know, but there's a lot of lessons in there. Like, one is like, you got around somebody who was doing it, what you gave you different Vision. You know, like, because you become like the people you're around. And it's involuntary. You know, this is why people from different regions have similar accents or a dialect, or maybe you're interested in similar, because it's, you become like the people you're around. And you don't even have to think about just happens, right? But you met somebody who was doing some different, right? And then you, you've actually not said that he showed you what was possible. And then you moved to Atlanta. I'm sure you started making even more money when you moved in Atlanta, right? Because you got around other people who are, it's like a different vibration. Everybody's on a different frequency. You know, the worst thing about Chicago. I mean, the hood is Chicago, right? This beautiful parts, but it's like, it feels hopeless, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like, you could feel it. It's in the air. You could put it in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, and then when I go back, when I go back, I know them kids. They don't like think they go on to be fucking hitchhiking managers or fucking, you know, they do. It might not, a lot, like also real shit, you know? And I would just say, man, if you could change an environment, even if you ain't fucking balling when you do it, like it's media, the, as soon as you can, like change an environment, you know, it, it, it, it changed everything for you. You know, I try to be that person that can open up their brain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, get them to think about exposure in different ways and different areas. I try to be that person for them. A lot of them show all of me on social media. Yeah, so I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? Like, I hate it all time. I try, but as we got to do many videos as I post in the many ways as I tell them, man, it's still hard to get through. If, you know, this, you got, you just have to keep doing it, man, because I think the more of us, personally from Chicago come out, and we, we, like, were successful in a very legit way, where some of this, like, admirable, then it, it's, um, it's attainable, right? Like, we didn't, we not like superstar athletes or a fucking, no bad rappers or nothing. Like, I would, I would, I would, yeah, I would. Yeah, I would. Yeah, I ain't go to college. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I started this stuff in ground zero. Yeah, man. I ain't go to college. I'm not the smartest person in the world. Don't ask me to write no 10-page paper. Yeah, ever. I'm not going to be that's what I quit college. Yeah, I'll tell everybody, if 15-page paper, I walked out of the next week. I said, I can't do this to the top, I don't know what to do. You know what I mean? So you still, but they, we still was able to figure out. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Now, when I was a military school, I, I fucking, I saw how rich. I saw like real, I actually met rich people. Yeah. I think those was the first white people I had met. Like, I don't think I had a conversation with a white person and so then. Yeah, but some of them was rich. I was like, oh shit, but it's real. And I'll be, that's when I decided to, you know, I'm just stuck in the degrees and go to school. Yeah, but it, it, it, it, it, it exposure like change my environment, my, my perspective. And now we get the internet so they can see people like you who come from Chicago and they can see this image. She maybe did all he had to do was fucking lock in for six months. Yeah, yeah, I think I, my life's right, I wrote that. That's six to eight months in my life changed my life forever and I would never go back. Nah, I can never learn what I mean, I know it is over. That's the fact, man. So this is man. So how can people get in the touch of your two-man thing when you're in? So, this is, immediately go all, social media platforms, man. YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, so my birthday coming up. Where's your birthday? Some of my birthday is in three weeks. Oh, so, so I said this tomorrow. Come on. Yeah. Uh, some of my birthday in a few weeks. What I'm gonna do, I'm hosting the five day virtual mastermind. Small, some of the help people who do what I do. I'm helping you be at it. Learn how to clean and credit and start a credit and prepare business and a funding company. To start your own funding, start your own fund, how do you start scale a Grow it so that you can go out there and try to make 10, 20, 30, $1000 a month. And give you an idea of a business that you're going to start, like, make you way, one way faster than you probably making money now. Yeah. That's what I'm going on. So that's my next thing I'm putting out for people to get help with. And that's going to change. That might, must have been changing people live. They'd be getting there and learning that stuff and they'd be like, then, of a show, man. Yeah, that's dope, man. I also, man. I appreciate that. I'm, man. How do you possible, sir? Yeah. Fantastic. Michigan, check out my man, your high-litch off. Peace. Thank you.

=== FILE: The Only Thing You Need To Know About Women [2Cqm8cBc81w].txt ===

Don't chase Chase victory because Come with victory. Only thing you ever need to know about when it comes from 50 cents sophomore album rider music You hustling backwards if you're chasing a Stupid taste of paper they come with As all you need to know you don't need to read artists adoption You know you listen to pick up You need to look max you need to Victory max chase victory because Come with victory when I see guys obsessing over girls it'd be like Carrying about the trophy instead of the championship The trophy comes with the championship if you win the championship you get the trophy Matter of fact you can't win the championship without them giving you a trophy and they give you a ring and you get a bunch of money But if you just get the trophy just the trophy is nothing without the championship I can still a trophy that'll make me a champion. I can buy a trophy from the store I don't mean all one nothing chase victory not bitches What does that look like imagine you're drink girl? She's perfect every women everything you ever drink though the way she looks her attitude and peckin and just imagine what type of dude? You have to be so that chick finger-banks are self to you. Pitch it that guy and become him So with that guy that guy probably in this shape. He's probably got tons of disposable income Listen 50 shades of great dudes whipping her ass and she loved it because he's a billionaire If you do that shit now, that's a song the billionaire starts fucking her up in the bedroom is sexy So he's probably in this shape probably as disposable income. He's probably mentally stable When people say work on yourself this what we're talking about get your money right get your fitness right get your mental for the two right And you won't have to worry about no bitch. Oh you'll have to do is just be the man If you become that guy then your dream girl will be on someone else's live string Ask a napma fucker house. You can get someone like you and that's what you want You'll have your pick of many girls like that and you would decide okay you try a few out of this one school Mmm, I don't know again. This one this is no gym. You can toss her a side and then you keep trying to you find the right one They'll come to you if you are the man. I just wish more guys understood that because if you just chase girls You won't get all the other stuff because you have to chase there's a lot of effort and energy to go into chasing But if you focus on like sit that I hope you get the money get your fitness right get your your mind said right then girls Would be chasing you when the man walks into a place the bad bitches are trying to get close to him If a mother fucker has to have a bunch of risk and do a bunch of antics and shit That motherfuckers not the man but looks money status. There you need to some guys who max out looks and they're like Super high right you got to be the best you can be but if you ain't a model you ain't gonna be a model But you know, but a dual man of dude gets in shape low body fat gets muscular gets his clothes right. Okay, but looks is not as important Is this is the thing but it's not as important to women as it is does get all Things being equal she rather fuck a pretty motherfucker than a gruesome motherfucker right they don't put as much value on it as us But if you really max it out like the sum of fuckers I know some guys who when they just go somewhere bitches just throw them so that Adam cuz away. Look right that probably ain't us That's cool longs you now gruesome like she can bear us to fuck you You know like some of you guys you ever fuck some bitch and like you don't want on a note man you're sneaking around the crib As long as it's not that you want good shake money now You can make it so much money. You can't make it self as pretty as any motherfucker But you can get your money fucking right and that just takes work and effort and here's the thing Some people say man, but you only attract gold diggers man shut the fuck up bro You go ask your mom right now. Yeah, they had identical twin they were identical in every way and one of them was making some of them You did the other ones a maltime millionaire which one should want to be with if she has a fucking brain She's gonna pick the maltime millionaire right there everything the same why not pick the motherfuckers That doesn't make her a gold digger that makes her a rational union Dean if you put a dog in the street Amy gave him the option to live with a motherfuckin a small crib where a motherfuck who had a great house and a yar for him The girl who he gon pick right no make the god dog a gold digger just makes it a Mambal with some goddamn sense you got a pick a friend there's that really the same in every respect They said ones a more time millionaire and ones a regular motherfuckin who would you pick if you got any sense? You picked the friend who's a maltime millionaire doesn't make you a gold digger just makes you a rational human and bitches We'll do the same but the thing is the difference between men and women is like yeah We'd rather have friends than have money if our girl has money it's cool It'd be better like you if a fucking chick who's a herding a billion dollars wants to fucking marry You'd probably be excited about it right women were moving money makes women cry between their legs Well, it's like it's an apple dizzy yet, man, and then status like it doesn't do the same for us Like if a chick got high status it doesn't mean you know it's cool if you fuck the superstar Or something it's cool because you bragging rights It don't give you an erection her status it does for women Honestly if you want to read any fucking pickups, you just read the evolution of desire by Dr. David But that's the only thing you need to know and what he's gonna tell you is to be the man You know there's something about status it makes you super attracted to one They throw themselves as you have high enough status So it's really looks money status and the thing is you need to focus on money because money improves your life the most and you can buy status status For sale you can spend money to increase your status Whether it's a status symbol like a watch or a car like I know people who invest money into their social media to grow it Just so they just come to them like I make us with it. That it increases their status, you know It's a bunch of different ways. I know people who paid public relations mostly for their business But they got like publicity almost they started to pull this thing. They told me oh, yeah, man They didn't more bitches Money bro you look something y'all walking around with goddamn pizza face purple only pizza face motherfuckers Wanna play a connect that's on you fucking selfie? Should look like constellations you can go to a dermatologist and get that fix man or you said you can get you a trainer You could start eating better you can get better clothes better fit and clothes I put on my suit man my suit is tailored though. I invite you to the record won't they don't make shit up and rap for motherfuckers like this They got to make it towards the average man average man ain't walking around looking like the Oscar statue You can improve your looks with money you improve your lifestyle with money and status can be bought So that's what you got to focus on money and then if you do all these things even become the man you won't have to worry about women You'll have to worry about what to do with all the women how to juggle all the women how to manage all the women and if you find one You're like you have a little okay. How do I keep myself in a way where I don't accidentally fuck your What I'm just right that's gonna be the problem you have if you fucking work on being the man not how do I talk to focus on becoming the man

=== FILE: The Power of Consistency How Small Actions Lead to Big Results [IrRh-B5tjqE].txt ===

Consistency is a superpower. In this video, I'm gonna show you how to leverage consistency in order to accomplish all your goals. To accomplish things beyond your wildest dreams, I'm going to show you why consistency is important, why it's the cornerstone key to success, and I'm gonna show you how you can implement it. So you can be more successful in life. And anything you're trying to accomplish, trying to build a business, you're trying to get in great shape, trying to make more money, trying to be a better father, better husband, or f*** more bitches. And so, consistency is the key. If you don't have an up discipline, that consistently watch this video, then all hope is lost for you. Hopefully you live in America, or some country that has strong social safety net, so the consistent folks like us can subsidize your life with our tax dollars. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But why is consistency so important? And why do people have so many issues with it? Well, let's look at this graph. Anything you want to accomplish, anything you want to accomplish is going to take time. But a big problem with this is we believe that, if we put it some time, we should have an equal amount of accomplishment, we think that success is linear. About it, time and effort you put in, you should get an equal amount of reward we expect to look like this. The problem is, accomplishment of anything no word to you, typically does not follow a linear scale. It follows what's called an exponential scale. Meaning a lot of times initially you won't see a lot of big progress. But then something happens where it starts to compound and it starts to hockey-state. And if you are able to stay consistent, you'll actually accomplish more more than you even thought possible if you stay consistent over a long enough period time. The problem is, because we expect success to be linear, when we don't see the immediate progress or get immediate gratification, we quit somewhere around here. And many of you watching this, this is the story of your life. You get into what I call the quitting zone. But if you were to keep going, you would eventually get into the baller zone. And this is where success looks unreal to the average viewer. We see this all the time in life. This is why Albert Einstein said that compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. For example, let's say we want it to make a bunch of money, we want to be millionaires. Well, if we start with $2,000, that might be a stretch for some of you motherfucking. And every month you put in $2,000 on, and you did that for the length of, call it 20 years, right? Let's say you invested in the stock market word. The average return is about 10%, what you'll see is it starts the hockey-state. If you were consistent, but those first few years, you're just like, oh man, fucking year five, I ain't never gonna be a millionaire. I've been doing this for five years. I only had $150,000, which would be a lot for some of you. Maybe we'd like, oh fuck, you know? However, when it starts the compound it starts the hockey-state exponential. And let's stretch this out for even longer. So you did just for 40 years. It really started the compound in 40 years. You would have fucking $10 million. You'd be a millionaire after just 20 years, right? But you have to do it consistently every month. And what happens is you get into quit in the zone and you're like, oh man, this is taking too long. I don't wanna do it. You don't start seeing the immediate results and we give up. That's why super important to stay consistent. Well, whatever you're trying to do, it doesn't just work like that, but money, we're saying, but anything. It even works with skills you're trying to acquire. Not just money, for example, it is best selling book, the tipping point. Malcolm Gladwell laid out his case for, if you want to be world class is something, it requires about 10,000 hours of practice. The 10,000 hour rule. And I've read many of the books that pertain to skill acquisition, such as the talent code or talent is overrated. And they all basically say the same thing. It's not about being blessed with some talent or blessed with luck is really about putting in the hours over a long period of time. Or example, the way you get good at anything or accomplice anything is you take action, boom, you get some feedback, then you make improvements, then you get better. But because you have gotten better, now you enjoy it more. Anything you get good at, you start to enjoy. First started this YouTube channel, 12, 14 years ago, I didn't enjoy editing videos because I sucked at it. But once I got better at it in the videos, I actually started to like it. And once I started to like it, I wanted to what? Do it more. So now I started taking more action. Boom, I got more feedback and a lot of positive reinforcement as well because now I'm better. And that feedback allowed me to improve even more see what I could have did better. And then next thing you know, I'm way better. But now I want to take way more action. And because I'm taking more action, I get more feedback and I get better faster. This is how the exponential curve works. Same thing with compound interest. So it's not about having talent. It's not about being gifted. It's not about being lucky. It's about putting in the hours. Getting enough hours so that you're good enough to start to enjoy it. And then you put in even more hours and you get a positive feedback loop. Now I've read a lot of books on skill acquisition. What I realized is all of them pretty much agree on the 10,000 hour rule. But most at a time, you don't need to be one of the best in the world. Whatever you're trying to accomplish. For example, through my research, I came over something called the skill acquisition matrix. And it looks like this. 100 hours makes you not bad. I knew this when I first started playing guitar. I would practice for an hour a day. And after about three months, I was not bad. I went from not knowing what the different strings were to be in that bad. Not necessarily good. Like I wasn't impressive. I wasn't ready to make YouTube videos about it. Where starts showing off. It's someone saw me playing the guitar in a guitar shop. They wouldn't laugh at me. Just not bad. Not necessarily good, but not bad. And anybody who plays the instrument can attest it is. Hour a day for 90 days, you'll be not bad. It's a living in progress. Thousands of hours though, that's when you get good. That's when people like, oh, that guy is good. She's saying throwing your panties at you. You're not good enough to make vagina's way. But you're good. You're reasonably impressive. Then you get to 2,000 hours. That's when you're really good. That's when you're impressive. Now you can start doing YouTube covers and shit. That's when people see you engage with the skill. And they're like, ooh, that guy's good. He's not fucking around. Nobody's boring with this. Even people who can sing singers, I've never met somebody who can just sing. Most of them start singing in the church or they can sing with their family. They've gotten the hours over the years, even if it was on accident. Now, 5,000 hours, that's when you're amazing. This is the level where vagina started to get wet. When they see you engage in the activity. This is what people see you engage in the skill. And they literally amaze. You are amazing. 10,000 hours, obviously you're one of the best in the world, which is overkill from most of your goals. 20,000 hours. You get a best effort. This is when kids got posted on your wall. They might make a statue for you. You probably somebody screaming to say. Because if you watch Tom Brady's documentary, he wasn't one of the most gifted athletes. He was one of the last people drafted in his draft class, barely fucking made it on his college team, barely made it into the NFL. But he put in so much work. He put in so much time, so much work, so much practice. Got extra coaches to work from. He became one of the best ever. He just really outworked everyone. And became the best square bag of all time. Because we have this chart, this makes success or skill acquisition just a math problem. All you got to do is be consistent. And it's broken down a math. So if you want to be not bad at something, oh, you could do an hour a day, you could get there in three months. Two hours a day, you get there in 1.7 months. Three hours a day, you get there in a month. Obviously I'm rounding. If you're a fucking math with, don't be a hair-fac, check in me. I'm rounding with these numbers. So it takes you about a month. Four hours a day, you get there in about 25 days. Now, if you want to get to a thousand hours. Or are you going to be really good? One hour a day is going to take you about almost three years, like 2.7 years, two hours a day. You've got there at one point three years. Three hours a day, you can get there in one year. You can be good in one year at anything, four hours a day. You can get there in eight months. If you want to be really good, one hour a day, you get there in five point five years, two hours that you get there in about two and a half years and three hours that you get there in two years. Four hours a day, you get there in about one and a half years, 16 months. If you want to be so good, it's something that women want to mate with you. You can get there. One hour a day is only going to take you 13 and a half years. Two hours a day, you get there at 6.8 years. Three hours a day, you get there about 4 and a half years. One hour a day, you get there and 3.4 years. So it's going to take time to be amazing as something. And we need to make peace with that. We need to understand that that's what it takes. You want to be one of the best in the world. One hour a day, you get there at 20, it's going to take 27 years. Two hours a day is going to take about 13 and a half years. Three hours a day, you can get there in about nine years. Four hours a day, you get there in 6.8 years. And in Malcolm Gladwell's book outliers, he said that the average person with 10,000 hours spent about 10 years to get there. It takes about 10 years to be an expert on average. In case you're wondering, I've been a personal trainer for 25 years. I am close to a triple expert. Before I started my fitness YouTube channel, I had more than 10,000 hours. I'm 42 now. I'm old. I know it's hard to believe because I look so much better than you. But the truth is, I'm old enough to be a day. If I am in fact a day, I hope we meet someday. Good afternoon, make me proud. If you want to be one of the best ever, when hour a day is going to take 54 years, got the end of lifetime. Two hours a day is going to take you 27 years. Three hours a day is going to take you 18 years. Four hours a day, don't take you 13 years. Now a lot of you guys will look at this and get discouraged. But like, damn, it's going to take me a long time. If you're good, I want you to look at this and be encouraged because a lot of you guys are working on something and you're in the quitting zone. You feel like you're not getting the results. You're going to give up. However, if you look at the amount of time you put into it, how many hours you have, you're probably right where you're supposed to be. You're probably right on track. And all you have to do is stay on track. And then you'll reap the rewards within enough time. That's why I'm important to track how much time you spend on what you're trying to get good at. I have a free habit tracker. I'll put the link in the description. It's called the Victor revision planner. It's a free notion template. And there's actually a video explaining how to utilize it. You can track your goals in there. You also start tracking the hours you spend working on a skill you're trying to acquire. And I find this super motivating because anytime I started in the discouraged was something I'm working on, all I got to do was look at how many hours I spent on it and I'm like, oh, I'm not supposed to be good yet. It's fine. I'm exactly what I'm supposed to be. And this will allow you to stay more consistent. Because a lot of times, we get discouraged when we're in the quitting zone. We see other people doing the things we want to accomplish. We see them reaping their rewards and we look at it and we like, fuck man, I've been working on this for a month or a week and I suck. And then we just give up. Let me try something else. And you guys give up in the quenzo. But if you know how many hours you spend on it and you look at the skill acquisition matrix and you can see, oh, I'm not supposed to be good at it yet. I'm where I'm supposed to be. Then you could be encouraged. And no, all right, I mean, this is what I supposed to be. All I gotta do is just keep going. And the next thing you need to do once you're tracking is actually put the time in your calendar to work on your goal. This way you can map it out. You want to be not bad at something in 90 days. Cool, put in your calendar when you're going to practice it each day. And now you just follow on the plant. So even if you suck now, even if you awful embarrassing, it's fine. Because a hundred days from now, you should be not bad. If you keep working on it. This quenzo is the real thing. I remember when I was trying to learn how to do handstand pushups. I saw a guy do it in a park and I was like, holy shit, I can't believe he's doing that. You know, I started working on it for months. I feel like I was, I'm never going to get this. What I did was I knew resistance and consistency is undefeated. Oh, here's what I did. I did 25 attempts against the wall, just the whole handspan and the wall would catch me if I fell over 20 attempts every day. This wasn't even an hour, 20 times every day. This is why it took me, you know, like six months. At six month mark, I was able to hold the handspan reliable. Then 20 attempts at the pushup every day. And so I started my day. It took me like three months just to go down without falling. And it took another three months to go down and go back up without falling. Three months every day, it took a total to complete one handstand pushup. It took me six months. I wanted the quenzo, there was a point. I'm telling you, like around this point, it really feels like man, I'll never get this. But I knew if I just blasted past that, I would get it. Then I got it. Now I can do a handstand pushup on command anytime any moment. It's just consistency. Just working on something every day in the background. And if you're going to be not bad at something, if you just practice it for 18 minutes a day. For a year, you can get not bad at anything. Or you only have to put in a whole hour. If you wanted to learn a language or just have conversational Spanish, I'd be able to make you way around a Spanish neighborhood or raise up some big booty latina, which is the only good or easy to learn Spanish. 18 minutes a day. Practice. You'll be not bad in a year because you'll get a hundred hours. So practice. You can have a bunch of small things you're working on. And it's okay. As long as you stay consistent, because consistency is the key. For example, look at this graph. This is an airplane. I'm going from LA to New York. It fits off by 1%. It ends up in fucking Auburn, New York. If it's off by 1% in another direction, it's going to end up in goddamn Delaware. So it's not even just about being consistent. This is about your level of consistency. They happen to system. Are you like this plane is going forward the whole time, but it's off a little bit. So a lot of times people will say, dumb shit. Like something's better than nothing. Oh, or I deserve a day off. No, no, no. You don't deserve shit. Nothing is better than something. Because you can really fuck your shit up by being consistent. I read you do nothing than being inconsistent. Okay, let's say you want to lose 10 pounds of fat in the next 10 weeks. No problem. I mean, you just have to lose one pound of fat per week. Easy game. No big deal. Just mad. Every pound of fat you want to lose. You have to burn extra 3500 calories more than you can assume. Oh, now just mad. You can you check how many calories you consume each a day. Let's say you're cutting until you say I'm a consume 2500 calories each a day. Oh, you're going to do that each a day. And you all you do have to do is you get some sort of fitness tracker or ring it bit. And you want to burn 3000 calories per day. Easy peasy. You don't even have to work real hard today. You can just go for a walk, live weights. All right. Every deficit every day, boom, you lost a pound of fat. That's all you got to do. You just got to be consistent. But let's say you're off by just a little bit because this is what most of you want to fuck is doing. You'll be like, oh man, you'll be consistent day one, maybe even day two. And day three, you'll be like, oh man, I don't feel like going with it a gym today. I don't feel like doing cardio. Fuck around now you went to surplus that day. And then the next day you'll be like, oh man, I deserve it. They all. Some's better than that. I was consistent most of these days. And then you fucking go eat pizza with the homies. Also, you said, oh, let me get back on my shit. Oh, then it's Friday. Right. So it's like, oh man, you know, I'm a cheat just a little bit. I'm gonna have that cheat meal. All right, cool. Maybe you do go to the gym that day. But it's the weekend. Maybe you don't go to the gym on the weekend. Uh-oh. Right. And it's the weekend. You go to the party. Maybe you have some sugary drinks. Sunday in a fill football. Ha ha ha. And you're only off by a little bit. Yeah, some's better. Nothing is more. I've usually eaten 4,000 calories a day. Now I'm being in some better. No, nigga. You actually almost gained almost a half a pound of bed. So this is why I say that nothing is better than something. When you do, just do something. Oh, I did something. Something's better than nothing. You fool yourself in the believing you did something. And this calls is more frustration. Because now you're doing just enough to fail. You know, you don't work out, you didn't did shit, you dieted some days. You did just enough to fail. So it's not just about being a system. It's like how consistent are you. Right? Cause this motherfucker can say, oh man, I worked out most days. And he did. He worked out most days. I stuck to my diet most days. And this not most days. Let's give him another day. Let's say another day he stuck to his diet. Oh, he still got a little fatter. Even though he stuck to his diet for out of the seven days, he still got a little fatter. Even though he worked out five with the seven days, he still got a little fatter. He accomplished nothing. He's still moving backwards. But now he's putting an effort to fail because he's inconsistent. One of the reasons people said that I was on steroids for so many years is because it's like man, he's always ripped. I can never get that. I worked out. I trained. I'm consistent. And I don't look like him. I've been working out for a fucking five years. 10 years. I don't look like him. But were you as consistent as me? Do you keep around a scale like I do? And track everything you eat? Or do you just put anything in your mouth like a whore? Do you have to work out logs where you track every workout you ever. You've done for the over 25 years, right? Get not a consistent as me. I've never taken more than a week off in 25 years. Right? Get not as consistent as me. Anybody who's super consistent as consistent as me keeper in the scale in your bag. And you do that for a decade. Track everything you eat. You're going to get results that outpace everyone else. If you're only off 1% you end up in Delaware instead of in New York. You motherfuckers are all more than 1%. You motherfuckers are going to end up in Miami. You motherfuckin' Cuba. That's why super important to me that you could do to track the coppice your goals. It's track your goals, put in your calendar, track it. Track how much time you spend on it. Everything I have a calorie tracker in the Victory Vision planer. Download that. Start tracking your goals. Get serious about it. I promise you. You do that for a long and enough time. You will coppice things that people will think isn't possible. They will marvel at you. 10 years from now. You will not be recognizable. Everybody will wonder how you did it. They'll say you're lucky. They say you cheated. They'll say all types of shit because they can't even bad them. They can't even die consistent for that amount of time. That's how greatness is accomplished.

=== FILE: The Real Day In the Life of a Miami Multi-Millionaire [XnVh5-tBagI].txt ===

Down the sofa, I'll be down the slide I've been real friend of Jim Start This is part of my design I've been self-made You know the bills paid up in this part of this up is crap You wanna rent one With under real thing I've read a red bit through a mine Yo, what up with that? It's a boy who ran the Carter I'm gonna do a day in a live video Saturday day So you're how we'd get in it out here in Miami, Florida Favorite thing about this condo is the views When I go live on Instagram or Facebook People will comment down on that screen screen Because I go live with this in a background That we like I'm in It's just my light Sometimes my light is so dope It's difficult to believe it's real But you may be from me sometimes I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white So first thing I do when I woke up Is I drink some water Mix with LMNT But electric light And the stuff called Keyton A This gives me a little bit of energy Then I had four shots of expressel That I mixed with Two-in- West Pro T-Shakes And now I'm about to go outside With some more than Cornelio Listen I got a private elevator And my spot So this is just an eye elevator Everybody else that is building got heels The elevator is out here But one thing I like to do every day Is wake up and go for a walk Outside I walk for about a mile On the ocean Just to give my my right Start the day off Like super positive I'm back down here We're like doing this once a month I'll wrap my shit I just take the money and just stack up Only by corn Cork cart So you get tatted up All the other bullies I so right now I have a meeting With my sales team And then a few other projects I got to take Hero So y'all gonna come with me to the podcast room Get that in Podcast room is super messy right now All right so now what's about to happen is I'm about to do my training call my students Who I help grow their own life in this business And what we start these calls off is I ask each one of them I am like y'all How much money you made this week? How many clients you got this week or how many clients you got this month? How much money you made this month? And it's It's definitely my favorite part of the week You know even if I'm in a bad mood I'm not feeling good When I hear these client wins And I hear this success there I have it It just makes me feel really good because I know it's like really changing their lives and allows it at family And I know it's like changing the client life so this is exciting How much did you say you made this week? So 8,100 this week 8,100 this week Nice man that's not bad at all For the month right now we had 28,100 So we got for 30 piek at least How much you have for the month right now again? 28,100 28,100 Come on let's give jazz around to the boss 32,000 32,000 in your first month in the program Yes, it's always eight come on man Let's go let's give wood around the floor. That's fantastic man I'm sitting so far right now Stay seen tossing So right now you had 16,200 for the month Yes, okay, and I'm just just so I'm clear how much did you make last week again just one more time I'm just gonna be all the last week. I made five thousand I'm done it's that bad at all. It's a good Leonardo or round of applause. Let's go One All right, so that's some of the client resolve. Can you show you the game that I gave them because you know the game is what a student This is not for everyone but my favorite part of this not only making money and changing lives, but it's also changing the lives of the clients Like one of the reasons I got into training people because you know, I first started working now It was to fight better. I wanted to get better and buy a lens and I got bigger And I noticed people didn't want to fight in the war, right? And I had more confidence And I noticed that translated it's like better grief as long as I had even good grades at school I had more cop into my ability to do everything. I became more outgoing less shy braver in general And then those same kids that would be little assholes before the white while I wanted to fight they asked me to help train them And then guess what unless I started training them they started changing their physique their personality So change they stopped being little fucking assholes and they started getting better grades They had they were doing better in school and I saw it it changed their lives And that's why I got into training so I know that by me helping my students get more clients It'd be very helping other people be those same kind of results and now what I got into this for helping people is Sprit in at a way bigger level because now I'm training the trainers who are going out to trade people It's just super rewarded in value I saw them all the way to get this speed at the home of a Craig Valentine's of Bet they want me to talk about Personal brand and monetize that a person brand Become well a well suited speak on that subject Me no via She's kind of witting you know like at her and Stop looking pervert and then we got the homey The quick got the homey aiden He's gonna be filming a lot of it. You know Jing Chido he's got over a billion followers on the Instagram He knows what he's talking about. Or right? He's built a business now trading online trainers How to build their businesses and so today he is gonna talk to us about how to monetize Contest you want to pay very close attention to this by the father shock collar of my army Mr. Randy Carter. Well good up We are Three How many of you guys worry about like giving away too much in your secrets? Anyone? Yeah, yeah, you know I'm worried about them and then I'm gonna do this shit You know people suck bro like most people are good at anything and Then I'm gonna do it and even if they did do it Like they're gonna come up with other problems. I you can if you're really good at what you do You probably can't teach it all of it in a one minute video Right, so sometimes I tell them I'll tell them everything But then I'm gonna do it especially if you know in fitness industry, right? You can Go on Chad G PT get a good workout plan or a good diet plan But who's gonna make you do it? All right, I still train some people. I just know some of advertised but and like don't ask me for because it's like a ridiculous amount But Chad G PT is not gonna call them he asshole Fuck you, is your macros yesterday? What happened? You know like I will I Did it said it is more you know You're saying like they still need the coach especially if you sell coaching is easy or if you sell it done for you But then that they're not gonna do it and even if they do it do it they're gonna run into problems That can only be solved with experience is everything All right, there's certain things about your industry if you're good If you're doing for a while that's More art than science and it'd be difficult to For someone to learn without experience and they're gonna realize quick that they should come to you So they're sure in that learning card so give it all the way it doesn't really matter Cuz they're not gonna do it Business Hey the else All right you guys been great. Thank you. Appreciate Yo I had to run upstairs Because I had to give mine scale because I'm going to punch My boy Jeremy Jeremy's just got to do world's voice It worked out really bad No Angry It ain't a life that involved our shop call and the upbringing pretty too long vivid duck I think the duck beats to the second side. You know, you know, stuff to, how ya? Be just stuff we've walked out a little that a match for the bit of the side, with chicken juice. And then this is always taking your match for the data. You're using the body of weight or food. At a Michelin restaurant. You're just came back from Ludge. I never had an $80 egg before that she was crazy. But now about the go live on Instagram and TikTok. Some will teensly, you got two phones that allow me to do that. Yeah, man, come fukling. Now I'm about to go do a podcast. I'm going to his crib. This is doing a name on Tanner. He's actually one of my competitors, right? But I use the term competitor loosely. Just because he got charged on me in the computer. He's at Cfield Me. Okay, to be now about time. Did you know how many times I hit? I was scrolling on your YouTube. And your first video is 11 years ago. How did you stay so consistent with that? Funny, man. I hit a YouTube page before that. So that wasn't even the first video. Oh, really? Yeah, it'd be like two years before. And then I shut down on even the why. Yeah, I got shut down. But how did you get one back up? Because I thought you'd get taken down. You can start doing it. Oh, really? Yeah. Did you speak to the audience a little bit about some of the jobs? You undertook to get your business off the ground. Because it to be frank. I think one of the reasons I respect you is you. I mean, bro, you had a pretty, I would say, like, from what I know. Pretty difficult, pretty rough. Like, you went through some difficult things. You definitely persevered. So I think it's good for people to see where you're at now. Multimillionaire. Jack does fuck. Looks like you're 30, but you're 42. Versus, like, when you were starting out. And you're going through some shit. So maybe, like, talk a little bit about just some of the jobs. And stuff you had to do because I know, but I know they may not know. Yeah. So in 2007, my father committed suicide. Like, shot himself in blues brazen. And, you know, I was right before the recession of a weight. And it's very difficult. I had a college degree. And I couldn't get a job because we had unemployment. So high, everybody was laying off. People were going out of business for it. Ford, molders, almost one of the business. A government that bailed out for it and gingian. So I was like, fuck, I got taken my family, my dad just fucking blues. He brings out the shit. You know, I got to take it my mom. I was like, I can outworked it. What I do got his time in the industry. All right. So I started waking up in, like, 4, 4, 30 AM. Right. And I would train people in the morning. And then shower at the gym boom. Then I would go to the protestor. And I was, uh, I was a security guard at the protestor. And so I was sometimes they had me the morning fifth avenue. That's why I like wearing a product because I remember my mom's being a sh... And then after that, I worked for my boys moving company. I had a friend along the middle of the company. And that was like five days a week. You know, and on the weekends, I would manage, I would train people in the morning. And then I would manage a restaurant in Queens. So these is like 12 or 14 hour days every day. This is like two years of this shit. All right. Straight up. And then I read a four hour work week. I sent fairs. And I was like, all right. If I started like a train people would go online. And this was like a novel concept back then. Yeah. There was no one doing it. I mean, there was no one to think. The only person I remember before I got into was you. And then there was maybe Greg O'Galger who kind of did. But he was, I was he was way after me. Yeah, I think he was still in high school at this time. Yeah. I took a eight, right. Because he's younger. So yeah, it was just me if you were like, Matt O'Bus. Matt O'Bus. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the old guys. The original Jim Shargas me. I think Mike Rashid was doing this shit. Ellie Holes. Ellie Holes. He's like one of them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was the first. He changed a little bit. He doesn't do all the same stuff. Ellie. Ellie. Ellie. He's on. But that's like my big bro. You know, that's my big bro. And he was actually like a mentor to me when I started doing this. I was trying to figure this out. And you know, I got to the point where I had some online clients. I figured I was figuring it out. I was able to quit. I was able to quit the moving job. Just kept training people and I kept my weekend job. And I was doing this for a long time. I had about to do another podcast. You know, I'm going to take risks regardless trying to get to the top. Yeah, no, no. But as long as it's calculated, you might. I tell people who scared to like take a risks, especially when it's money. Especially if they broke already, I'm like, I love you. You know, you master being broke. You good to be in bro. Yeah. So like worst cabin is you're going to be broken. Yeah, but you're good to be a bro. You like you comfortable here. And so like you should like take risks and give yourself a shot at least, man. Just 100% you fall too far from. Speaking of speaking of which, man, you from Chicago like me, man. Yeah, you throw you from the west side. Yeah. And I don't know much about west side. Try to stay away, you know, for like gang affiliation reasons. So like, oh, no, no. I know. I know. No, no. I was there. But what's I think it like motherfuckers might have chickens in your backyard or the some shit is really like that or what, like motherfuckers might be. I think like crucial conflict like the wrap group they was from there. They used to wear overalls of shit. But I went to West suburbs. So like passion burger not okay. Okay, okay. Oh, that was cool. It's way. Yeah. How old are you when you got over there? Oh, man. It's just young. Okay. And now. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got all of that. Now you did it. What made you move to Atlanta? So when I started learning the business stuff, I understood right away. When I when I grabbed it, I kind of knew what was about to happen. I'm like, I know my work ethic. I know my willingness to lock in. I know my willingness to put in the work. Excuse me. I've, this is about to take me to the next level. But when I get to the next level, I can't be in Chicago. I have a jury on the pitch. Yeah. And I cannot be in Chicago. I have a big target on my back. So I have to move. Yeah. But then a tragedy happened on my best friend while I live with. Thank you. Oh, so I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. On the pitch of Chicago. Yeah. So that was the biggest turning point for me to be like, it's definitely over. And I need to figure out where I'm from and doing for the girl. Yeah. And then like that moment, I had in my brain since that day that I wanted to get out of here. My mom here, my sister, my little brother here. My daughter's here right now. So now I got forgot this vision. Like I hide this as soon as my girlfriend somewhere else. I'd never been to a world in my life. Yeah. But it's about the, it's got to happen. I gotta have a, it's not like, I don't know. I only, when you hold me stuck in a kill man. Like a lot of guys I grew up with just dead. You know what I'm saying? It's just like you got it. Everybody living the hood. I, I had to man why though, like move man. You can really go, move somewhere and be poor somewhere else, right? You know, it's safe. It's not Chicago man. Like why I never understood where I'm up against statement. I did. I think I think it's just, they don't, they don't know better. It's like a bubble. Yeah. Of just seeing what they seen and knowing what they know. They don't know outside of this bubble. There's social media is this bubble because they friends with the same people as in. Uh, with they see everything with a group around. They mom, they parents and friends is all in this bubble. They don't see outside the bubble. So it's hard to try to even think about how they could get out of it. They never think they don't know about it. Don't know what's going on out there. They literally only know what's in this bubble. Some people never, out of Chicago never even went to the West side of Chicago. But it only good. Hey, like you've never been, I've never been in my life. I mean, 30 years old, bro. You've never been, I've never been to the West side. That's what you're doing. That's what I mean by there just is one bubble or range from 33 to 79. They never been outside of this one bubble night. Life in 185, 30 years old. So I think that they just haven't been exposed to how they can and which they can actually move. That they can actually do something besides being in this that they're in. Yeah, I literally think that some of them were like just roamed in to it. And it's just like, they can make it a lot of time. You know what I mean? I can, well, I got set the way to military school because I got it like some trouble on the sunrise. And, but once I saw, I was here. I was like some affirmative action typeship. So I was like the only black dude there. Like one of a few. Like me, it was my cousin. He got in trouble. And, and it was like, you know, I mean five black dudes there. And everybody else's like super rich. I've been there. There was like muffins from Mexico who was like, Maltime in his shit. Like, like, bridge Mexican families with send their kids there. And so I started seeing it. She had like a whole shit. This is different. Like one of the homies got him up. One of the homies got a fucking range over for his birthday. And you know, and how you to go on like, oh shit, this is different. Yeah, I'm saying so. I think I, I think it's exposure. I think it's exposure. It makes people think, okay, maybe I can do more. And I think you're right. They're saying that bubble. Yeah, bubble time. And I think you get the courage to fuck him. Well, delete. Me, once I got that exposure military school, I just never went back. I'm like, I went to college after I went to Howard. Okay. And as I like, I would really go back to Chicago. Like, my book, that's it. And then after college, I went, I moved to Atlanta for a year. Then I moved to New York. And I lived in New York for like 15 years. I said, you back to your ex, but good luck with that. This is big as it gets. Hey, let's see how you doing the pressure. Let's see how you doing the pressure. All right. So that was a day in the life man. Hope you found it. Interesting. Hope you learned some things. Got some out of it. It's so hit the like button. Subscribe and all that shit. But also, you know, I'm doing a free training. To show you how to grow your own life in this business. It's going to be free and I'm going to do it live. Click the link in the description for more information on it. I'm going to really just taking by the hand to show you how to get your first online clients. Even if you know I have a lot of experience, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a big bottle. Or I'm sure that you can start for nothing. You can first clients. It's 100% free. I'm not sure how many spots we have left. But click that link in the description. We're just to for it. And, you know, if you click it in time, register in time. There will be a spot left for you tonight. Maybe I'll do it again some other time. Some other day. You know, but I want to miss out on this man. I'm going to do Q&A. All that shit. All that shit. Give a man a remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. Let's see how you doing to pressure. Let's see how you doing to pressure. I'm going to get live on forever.

=== FILE: The TRUTH about NoFap [Justin Waller] [QG3sgqJ3xDc].txt ===

I made this strategic fapping. I said this on a podcast. Yeah. And but I think that you have also said something on the podcast. Yeah. Yeah. That was like, Profat. Is that a no-fab? I am. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. All right. You want me to fill in the gaps? Or you want to fill in the gaps? You want to fill in the gaps? No, I'm not going to say. Brandon, of course you want me to say Profat. And fill in the reasons why. And let me tell you why. All these no-fab nerds. Their whole identity is connected to the fact they can't get their dick at their hand, your nerd. First of all, you need to spray some of this on your pee pee. Oh, yourself. Yeah, on yourself. It's our drinking it. Your hand is a thought. Yeah. Yeah. But look at it mathematically. Come on. Make the same point for prostitution, mate. Yeah. Now, I'm not promoting that. No, are factoring. But let's talk about the math. Let's go. Let's go Profab no customer. Mm-hmm. Okay. That's the category we'll deal with. Okay. It's six o'clock. Yeah. Let's start with the streak of horning a set you cannot control. You can't control. What is your next move? What are you going to start texting thoughts? Yeah. Then she's going to say, okay, cool. I'll be there at seven. Yeah. Now, let's not act like from six to seven. You're truly focused in your work. Yeah. No, you're thinking about her getting there. Yeah. You know, you're thinking, actually, my pews. Do I need to clean my paws? Yeah. But I need to take a shower. Yeah. All the bullshit. Right? Now, you know, she's an hour late. Come on, mate. You know, minimum. minimum. If she shows up. Yeah, right. The means. Right. She shows up. Right. She gets there. Yeah. Then you got to act like you hang an hour. Yeah. Yeah. And you got to watch the fucking movie or watch the piece of a movie. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and like, it needs to act like so. It's got to feel a certain way. Yeah. Then you spend depending on how bad you laugh. 15 minutes to four hours. Haven't sex you lying. Yeah. All right. It's not over because you can't just act like, you know, you wanted to just have sex with her and kick her out. Yeah. You got to act like you really haven't interest even though you don't turn the movie back on. Yeah. And talking. Yeah. And hanging out and all this other stuff. You know, some some places walk the girl down. I don't do that person. Yeah. By the time that bullshit is over, we are in at least a five hour to seven. Come on, process. Come on. You could have. Come on. Tell them. Just go ahead and fact it out. And then it's. Yup. And got your work. And got back to work. Got back to work. Come on. Let's start traces. Like you should do. Yeah. When you become the big big geez. Yeah. Yeah. Then it's a lot easier. There's not as much of that bullshit. Right. But it's still. Come on. Man. Look. I'm not promoting it. Math Maddock. Look at the numbers. Economically. Yeah. Just as if you just haven't worked anything. Yeah. I can see the argument for pro-fab twice a week. Yeah. Yeah. If you're ever. If you can't get it out your hand. Yeah. If you pay for any kind of premium membership. Yeah. Website. If you buy and board. Yeah. Yeah. If you're watching some shit that should be embarrassing. Yeah. Yeah. You've slipped into some of the categories that have adjusted your mind a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. If you can't get a rouse by a woman. A woman. I think that's a great test. Remember that time in our lives. About 15. Yeah. When a girl could just sneeze and class and make a noise in your dick. You remember the days? Well, I used to, I remember I was star freestyle in my head. That's how I did. That's how I did. That's how I did. That's how I did. That's how I did. That's how I did. That's how I did. Yeah. When you get it for no reason. Yeah. No reason. When you stop waking up with it. Maybe you're fap two months. Yeah. Maybe you went to a, I do think the no-fap community is a little overboard. Right now. Look, you dead now. I didn't shake your hand. You know what I'm saying? I'm looking people in the eyes now and shaking their hands. I'll walk around with confidence. Yeah. The fuck's that have to do with your mind? Yeah. It's going to change. Yeah. When do a person, I stopped massing the man. My shocker, I enter my power is moving. I shut the fuck up. Then they try to do the bull in heel. Yeah. I'm stoic. Shut the man. Oh, man. There's a lot of that shit that goes on. A lot of that extra saw. They put some of the shit on. Ooh, shit. Somebody's mental thing. Yeah. I said this recently. And that's why you always had to repeat yourself so much on subject. If I had time to write it, put it in the right order, cut the words, made it guess. Tite as I could. I could explain to you manhood in about 20 minutes. Yeah. I think there's a lot of that bull shit going on. Yeah. Like a course you want to be stoic or when you're upset or you want to, you know, not me beat and you're dick all day. Mm-hmm. But I don't think there's a reason for a course around it. Yeah. Like, what are you going to do? You don't have to fucking be ceremonial about it. You don't say, you don't have to fucking. Now, maybe if you like, it depends on where you come in from, right? You know, like if you're this guy, if you're doing it too much or you're going on days with yourself like candles and shit. Yeah. You're taking it. You want to, you want to romantic move you by yourself. Then yeah, maybe you should chill. You know, but if you just, all right. Yeah, but if you're doing all that shit, you can't get pussy anyway. So like, what are we talking about? Yeah, yeah. Maybe we don't understand it because we're speaking from like, the position of privilege, right? Like, you know, we don't have a problem. You know, I'm saying, so maybe the guys who have a problem, and they're scared to talk to women, maybe they need more to, maybe I don't know this is what I was saying. This is what I was saying. Then you need to go become that motherfucker. Yeah. Put your dick down. Come on, man. Go become that dude. Become the guy that girls will do the growth. Yeah. That's another thing I'm not really big into pick up courses and how to get women. Yeah. Because we already know get women. Yeah. This gets your money, muscles, game, right? Come on. Get that right. Become somebody. Come on. Become the guy that they want to do. Now, I'll say this because I know for a fact, you do need to understand female nature. But how are you going to get that? You're going to get that through experience of dealing with them and study. Yeah. And that's going to take some time. So you're fapping strictly because you can't get it. Yeah. Now you have a problem. Yeah. Have you ever real problem that you need to handle? I mean, dude, go ahead, beat your dick. But also work out. Yeah. You should do, man. I'm not going to like not sleep because I mean, right fucking arbitrary rule. Right. Exactly. Exactly. And so I just think people, they take it too far. They just take it too far. It's too serious. Yeah. When they're walking around talking like they had alcohol problem, I've not fapped in 47 days. Dude, I've beat my dick twice since I've been here. Yeah. It's annoying, man. And I think a lot of your men get misled over it. Yeah. And the number one thing that the world uses against your men is guilt and shame. And you got to get there, shit out the way. Yeah. I'm not saying go do it, especially if it affects your life at a negative way. Yeah. But I'm not going to sit here and tell you, that's a secret sauce of being a success. Yeah. That's like that shit. That's the thing. Yeah. If you could just stop doing that all your hopes and dreams will become because it's not it. Because ultimately think about it like this as well. It's like, okay, what if you do go become that guy? Yeah. So what's the difference between you have in sex with a bunch of women and beat in your day? If body doesn't know the difference. If body doesn't know the day. Yeah. If no fat is far as like not actually ejaculating as a thing. Yeah. Then I am public enemy number one to know that. And I was like, it's just stupid. It's dumb. Yeah. It's dumb man. And so it's like give yourself a break man. We know one big part of success. I don't think people talk about the ability to stop ask yourself, do I really need to feel guilt and shame over this? Mmm. And the ability to forgive yourself. Yeah. Did that weight off of you? Yeah. Yeah. And you can go back towards a goal again. Of course I believe in discipline. Yeah. Of course I believe get your dick out your hand if it's a problem. It is a problem. What people are missing is that if you could just put down your guilt and shame for a second I understand that you're flawed and then work on that in whichever direction you need to, it'll give you the space to allow yourself to do it in the first place. Yeah. There's a lot of these guys that get so fucking buried in the I'm a piece of shit or I'm not going to win because of this. I have this thing that some dick head that can't get pussy in the first place on the internet. Yeah. He's not fapping and he's doing ice baths all by himself. Yeah. That dude's a fucking nerd. Just do what you need to do, what you know you should need. What you need to do. Yeah. That's my thing. The reason I'm against the no-fab shit is the same reason I'm against astrology, right? It's not because it's not the thing that's going to make you successful. Like you put all this energy into shit that doesn't move the needle. Right. Those aren't the things that make you successful. But it stops you when you have to carry the weight at a guilt and shame over it. And you're focused on it. I never read autobiography or biography of a successful person who can't get a successful person who credited no fab. Yes. It's like one of the, that's when everything changed. You should, we should write a book. Yeah. This is not, somebody's autobiography is a lot of books of the law. I don't read any fiction. All non-fiction mostly about success and accomplishment goes right. Not one of these books. His whole library has a chapter on no-fab. I think you can go and read this talk about sex, trans mutation. But you know what else I think about that particular thing? Yeah. And you're talking about feminine energy and he's talking about the power that you got from His wife. Yeah. You can speak that into her. Yeah. Baby, you think is good now. Wait until 18 months from now. Now you're saying that into the world, into her. Yeah. And it's coming back to you. Yeah. You're responsible to it. So you've tied love to a person you deeply care for and want to to protect and survive for it. So by saying future pacing her and talking to her, that to me is probably one of the pure forms of sex mutation. Yeah. You're telling a person that you love, just wait until this. And then I'm going to win again. And then I'm going to show you this. And every time you win you bring it to her. And it creates this compound, a flywheel of winning. And it's like, you can't wait to tell her you want to get it. Yeah. And you don't have to worry about FAFORN. You just get your dick. Yeah. And then you're saying, come on. Come on, man.

=== FILE: The man who has trained Ryan Reynolds for Deadpool [aZXsywHjm9M].txt ===

I will not have athletes back squat in the middle. I mean, like 10 out of 10 athletes coming here, zero. Real, zero. I don't have ride rentals. I don't have my gots in the PGA tour. No backswaw. I will have a maybe front squat. Freaking side squat, the zurtra squat, golf squat or double belt squat. The first one. Yo, without a man big brain and card, and I am here with my man, Dom Saladino. It's a Liberty trainer, owner of the drive 495. It's a great facility. We're in the comfort gap today. You're allowed to slip up. We had a maybe workout today, man. Yo, I might have seen Don on the cover of a muscle fitness. Muscle fitness. He trains a Ryan Reynolds trainer for both that pull movies man. He's a great shape himself, man. Like just the major. Every time I workout with him, I learn a bunch of new stuff. If you're a trainer, send in your advice. There's another level. And a year, I continue one of the guys that I know who's like on that elite level. I'm a great trainer. Thank you. So can you tell them about the workout that we did today? Yeah, I think Brandon and I really see I know I have a lot of stuff which I need. I mean, both a grade that we've been doing full body workouts every day, every day. First of all, I said it on camera, make it the, you know, yeah, the people we were getting for it. Everyone's so used to torching a muscle group. And then having to allow a taste or recover and we're in believers that if you can hit something more frequently, you're practicing it more. You're getting better at it more. And we both had great results off of doing it. With lower volume, of course. Lower volume. The intensity's still good. Yeah. But, you know, we're always leaving a couple of reps in the tank. You never take anything to fill your as of this program. Yeah. And we really went back and forth. You don't let the warm up because you, you're the warm up. I just do jump rope. And make you dance dance, but this was a more dynamic warm up. Probably would I do a little bit differently. Yeah, I was fully like, I want my warmth to be, not your warm up purposeful in the sense of getting a heart rate up. Yeah. I'm trying to heal more birds with, you know, with one stone. OK. So what I'm doing is I'm mixing my mobility or areas that I'm trying to work on. So if I have a client coming in, they're going to work on a pull-up. They're pulling up, goes into their warm up. So today we worked on things like we worked on extension. We worked on rotation. We worked on hamstring, hinging. And we got the body warmed up with, you know, for mobility drills that took us what? Five minutes. No, it was quick. But I was like, I was very, very glad. I'm very glad. And it was also just, I never, do you stuff like that? Yeah. I was feeling it in a different kind of way. I'm going to go to these some stuff, period. So you maybe probably. Yeah. And I thank you. Thank you. Every time I work on it, I work out. I've been waiting. I haven't worked on it. But it's always, it's always hard. It's always hard. It's always hard. And let's be very clear that he humbles me and about a, you know, Ken, you can get different categories with he's. So, you know, I got to work on a lot of stuff. But that's what's great about us training together is we both recognize what we're good at. We want to learn what we're not good at all the others. Oh, it's learning. Oh, yeah. So after the warm up, we started with some. Yeah, yeah. We just ran 10 reps. Yeah, we did about three sets of 10 with a pretty comfortable work weight. And it comfortable. It wasn't like nothing. No, crazy. I'm trying to set PRs. You know, like, yeah, I didn't post. We felt good. And then after that, we went to a little push full. So we did a low inclined double press with a actually a ring. I'm burning. The ring and burn. Yeah. It's fun. I haven't done those in a while. That was your idea. Yeah. That's like a like, a like, rings or T.R.x. Yeah. jungle gym because kind of like with your, with your warm up. We worked on some muscles. Yeah. That you don't really work. It's a theory. I'll be just a soft one. The body fat. That's why gym is a still grip. They work. They don't think about it. They've been a certain way. And they're vocal. Yeah. That's always suppressing me about you. You know, your ability to do handstands or L6 to handstands. And you have to have an incredible amount of shoulder mobility. And you have for someone who built and he's got one of the best disease I've ever seen. But for someone with that type of physique to have that type of shoulder mobility in reach, I think, is like stellar. It's like, it's like, it's like, you, I got to do it in every day. So that's why, but you're not killing it. And not you're not destroying it. And that's what a lot of you guys don't want you to think about is that we come in here. We hit it. Look, I'm sweating. We hit it. But I've formed never bring it. No, no, no. So when I say, it's like, it's the form is clear. I go with it. But I feel like I can't do it with perfect form. Yeah. That's not quick. Like, I'm trying to steal more. Me, the body is going to be the body. But like, once the form starts to break, that's not quick. I want people to leave and I couldn't agree more. But I want people to leave the session. Feelin' good. Yeah. Not like the analytical land that for hours. Yeah. Yeah. That's the difference. And listen. A lot of body builders out there, you know, who are on a form of enhancing substances. They're bodies can handle that. Yeah. But as natural guys, you know, you've got to go in there and you've got to hit it a little bit smarter. And those have, like, when you've got their arms, like, he's got to be inserted or he's been going heavy instead. Like, you know, like, Virgr for going that heavy to the point where we can recap. Right now. Like, I'm on a, I'm, I, I, I, I, I, I PR this year on a couple of lifts. And I'm going to continue to do that. That's just something that's important. And the amount of that to do it. But as we're getting older, we're trying to get better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's like. You go related. 100% of them are, of course. After that, we did the double bell squat. That's what it got. That was a squat. That was a squat. Guys, if you have it, I mean, I see guys for 500 pounds squats. Take two kettle bells in the rack and squat and they're literally shaking. Yeah. So I only did one kettle bell because I wanted to work on my horn more. Yeah. Like it's something I'm practicing. They were going heavy to me. I want to practice it before I start kind of, you know, that's what I'm doing. But that's more. Yeah. That's why you want to know. That's what I'm doing. So, no lie, Dad. I mean, well, I'm going to do like a first one. Yeah. It's more of a front squat. First on like the very comfort can I give I show it? Yeah. Yeah. So, um, it's really so what Brandon was doing is we're, listen, I do these. Grabbing in the combo position, sitting in the hole and pressing back up. So right now, what are we doing? We're loading the anterior chain. The abs and core are having an incredible amount of stress on it. But because of my hand position and where the weight is loaded, I'm able to get into the hole a little bit deeper. I'm able to open my hip. So when I get a bar on my back, which I still do, because I'm getting my shoulders in this position extension, it's making it so much more difficult for me to get into the hole. So when I see people who are like, I can't squat on the bar on my back. I'm like, go here or go here. And then we double belt and we could squat from here down. Uh, when we start going heavy, I'm watching out there, start grabbing the double 40s, double 44s, or 200 pounds in front of you. Yeah, and that is hard. So it's a little like a front squat in there. Yeah, that one. So you don't really work here as posterior chain as much. You're just not working. Because you don't work. Okay. But again, because the bars on your back, your first move has to be a little more hip dominant. Okay. Now that it's in front, we have the ability to get a little bit more knee dominant. But you're still hitting the glute. Yeah. So hit the glute. Let's go. I would say it's probably target the little less on the glute than say the back. It's still good for athletes because of the mobility. I will not have athletes back squat in the middle. Really? I mean, like 10 out of 10 athletes coming here. Zero. Really? Zero. I don't have my gut in the P.J. tour. No back squat. I will have them any front squat. Break it, sign squat, search your squat, go up to squat, or double belt squat. And the ability you only do front squat now. I only do front squats. I've got four squats. So you feel like you're all in it? Yes. Especially if you play as like if you have no shoes, you need to place your feet on the ground. And then you kind of like push them a little bit. Yes. You're talking at the glute. That's actually, that's incredible. I haven't heard of many people. You're actually trying to think of your foot. We're looking like a club. Yeah. I got flat feet. So I got, I have really flat feet. So if you're looking at my feet, I know art. So it's very easy for my foot to kind of pronate and drop in. So I really have to try and work on creating that art. It's hard. I struggle with it. You say you bring the arch in the front squat. You have more of a more of your posterior chain. I mean, if you see, you kind of like, sort of like, you kind of like want to move your feet outwards. But I'll actually do that. She's trying to almost move this way without letting her feet slide. She's like, like that. You're talking about your feet. You can feel it. Like, even though you just stand here. Yeah. I never did try to work. I never put a lot of emphasis on my movement. I can feel it even just just standing. Like, just like not even doing the movement. God, you have to go light away. You're not going to do that kind of kind of trick. It has, like, with time, you can go heavier. But at first, you just want to focus on, like, the form and actually, like, learning how to, like, get the muscles to my connection and the, like, the, work. But then we went, uh, good job with that. Then we went into your own little hundreds of times. That's not a thing. I don't think that same thing. You do a little bit. I'll just go, the right now. I'm going to catch you. No, I'm going to, the point, like, I don't, I like drop it because the fast, which most of our was in the slow switch, most of our was like, said, that that pipe ate a type B. We're going heavy in a lower, lower rep range. But then it's almost like you did. Uh, 21, uh, Yeah. It's like, it's just, it's like, you're, whatever it is. Yeah. You're around that red band. Yeah. But you still get to heavy. So like, I really think that's the key to my arms. I'm, I'm not my main arm, it's loud. The one thing that you do really well is your connection to the muscle and your training. So when I see training, even chest at the top of every repetition, you're not a power of your, you know, you're really strong. God, that the top of every rep, you can see brand, you can literally see him moving the way from pointing to point B with this, not with this. Oh, yeah. Yes, you're literally sitting there. And every repetition, you just see the fibers and his upper chest is kind of like the lines are moving. And that's, that's, that's, kind of, some feedback that he's been in the game a while. And he knows how to contract that area. Well, thank you, man. I think that's, so a lot of guys do be like, some super, we'll make fun of me. This is a brand is not that strong, right? And a, let's not be looking away. Like, these guys do do and they're doing bench press. And they're like, moving their shoulders. Yeah, so, we're working on portion a lot of them with a check. Yeah, they look like, I don't even to say that, but like, you got to understand what your goal is. Yeah, you're a powerless third, and your goal is to move it from the other. Put all the spots to and move. You need to look a certain way. And he is strong. Trust me, he's really strong. Someone gets on the incline and pushes hundreds around for the set of 10. They're pretty strong, dude. So, like, there's like, I'm really concentrating on working, like, when I'm working chess, like, I don't want to move this thing. Right? Like, I want to move. I want to keep my shoulders back. Like, why do guys do this? Huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that, or even with roles on my, the opposite, I might want to get, I might come forward. You're intentionally kind of pro-tracked. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's hard. Yeah, right? And even with Bionic, it's almost like, I'm trying to think about, like, my elbow, it's, it's literally tinged here. Right? Right? This is the only part of my body. I'm trying to do this. I'm trying to try to do this sometimes. Sometimes when it gets full too heavy, I'll feel this kind of move a little bit, which is it. Right? It's never that, like, but I think that's the thing, like, when you talk about, like, if you want that separation, like, you've got to do that, like, you've got to separate that, my opinion, you know, in the Puffin injury. I told you, and then lastly, we finished with a carry. So I like to almost finish every, not every workout. I see maybe two workouts a week. I finished with some sort of a carry. Today we went with a rack carry, which, what's the big benefit of these people? Oh, my God, first of all, take a, take a look at, I've got it now in Gage. So when I'm holding the weight and one position, and I have to walk, I've got to engage, one half of the body to stabilize. My lats, my chest, my shoulders, my glutes, every, my course tight. And then by walking and moving dynamically now, one of my heart rate's elevating, so I'm burning fat, I'm drinking a sweat, and two, my body is getting pretty strong. You know, I'm saying, without, you know, without movement. So when I have people, even with injuries, I could train around those injuries by getting a minute, just a basic farmer carry, just by getting the whole weight, the weight, actually, what? One half of my body has to engage so much right now, so it doesn't give me the full of what I'm saying. Yeah, just hold on, it's like, you see, look at these. Like, this kind of shit, like, that's why I was doing a show. Like, that shit's like, right there, that's, like, I think that's like, I think that's like, I think like, guys, we want big traps in there doing this. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I can't tell you last time I did a show. I don't know, I mean, look at, like, you're up and back and you're trapped, like, it's from the carry to think. Or in the dead, it was the dead, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's squatting, or that stuff, but, you know, that was a fun session. I mean, that's not even an hour, I mean, I know, I was like, more than you made it 40 minutes. We got a good warm-up, so you do like this almost every day. Something like this, everybody. Yeah, you know, my two men, like, I mean, I might have moved many of the dynamic stuff as you can, but I'm going to start incorporating it, man. I should do some plan, metrics someday. Sometimes, you know, coming in and do that, and just warm up and going to the faculty jumping, skipping, and we'll do that to get the body. Yeah, and this, like, you're training like, you're pro athletes, well, I like the pro athletes, and seven, maybe doing the full body every day. I might go like an upper lower upper lower. Yeah, because I'm just trying to, I'm trying to do less. I'm actually, I'm trying to take a minimalistic approach with that. So I want their job is on the field. So when I start doing it here, starts taking away from what they're doing on the field, then I'm not doing my job. So I'm always having a leave, like, that's it? I'm like, yeah, that's it. Okay, okay, okay. You're getting a field in the field. You're different during the off-season, but I guess, you can take it up. Yeah, it is like you're training like Ryan Reynolds and those down. Yeah, Ryan Reynolds and those down. Yeah, Ryan Reynolds and those down. So it's going to change a little bit. I mean, you know, we will go from kidding body parts, maybe several times a week to upper lower splits to right now we're on cold bodies. So yeah, but right now, and he's wanting it. They do respond and we'll, I give all his body looks good. He's lean, he's getting his heart rate up. Today our session took us, with how many people start fighting out, 43 minutes. Oh wow. So it's like, that, you know, that's what I like it. Like it's like, it's less than an hour. And I just do it, I store my day off, everything, everything, stuff like, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're going to, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to find you a social media. Oh man, really appreciate that. Don Salad, you know, on Instagram and my club is tripled 95 and downtown Manhattan. Yeah, we're going to be in the video and we're going to be working out a lot now. Yeah, so that's what we're going to do. Awesome.

=== FILE: These 5 Bible Verses Made Me a Millionaire [4vKQiT2Fq6g].txt ===

In this video, I want to break down the five Bible verses that helped make me a millionaire. And you may be thinking, how can a Bible verse make you a millionaire? What is it in the Bible that will help you build wealth? You know, I thought money was the root of all evil, and it was harder for rich men to enter heaven than it was for a camel to walk through a needle, no, it was different than that. I'm going to break down a few verses that impacted me a lot, and how I've used the lessons from these verses to get to the money. I wanted only people I've ever met who have read the whole Bible from start to finish. I grew up in the black church in Chicago on the south side. And when I was like 16, I was in military school, I sent away. We didn't have the internet wasn't out back then, because I'm old, and I was like, all right, man, what these are the rules that I'm supposed to live by. And maybe I have to read the whole book and I said down the reddit. And here's some of my favorite parts as a paternity kitten this month. If I get into the verses that helped make me a millionaire, I got down a million here. There's a few things that need to address. For one, when you bring up prosperity and religion, people always want to bring up a few verses. They want to say, oh man, the Bible says, money is the root of all evil. That's one of them. Well, the Bible does not say that. In fact, open up your Bible's a verse to Timothy 16, the word says, for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. Some people eager for money have wandered from the faith and placed themselves with many grieves. The Lord wasn't saying that money was evil or the root of evil. He said, is the love of money. He said, some people are so eager for the money that they will do some real shady vow things for it. So we're not talking about money within itself, money is neutral. But if you will and do something, some crazy for money, you know what talking about like chicks on OF, doing some strange for some change, and then right is about that young lady, have some respect for yourself. Right? That's evil. You want to talk some on camera for some money, ain't there, right? It's about that baby girl. You need Jesus, right? It speaks to people doing wicked things for the money. The other verse that they're bringing up, I'm going to get some the verse that help you make money. But we got to get through this verse. Matthew 1916, the support where Jesus said, it's hard for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of heaven. And I'd say you it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of the needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God. People always recite that verse and they say, oh, I guess rich people go in the hell. That's not the case. There's many rich righteous people in the Bible. If you go to Job 1, 3, Jesus describes Job, he said, Job was one of the richest many history. The richest to ever lived. He was considered righteous by God, even though he's the richest man ever lived. So rich people obviously can enter the kingdom of heaven. O Genesis 132 it says Abraham, a man of faith, God blessed him with much wealth. Right? So if being a rich was fucking evil, God wouldn't go around blessing the kids wouldn't reward the kids with money. If it was evil, right? We need to go back to that passage. Why did Jesus say that? Well, Jesus was talking to this rich dude, right? And the do-do ran up on the yellow Jesus. I want to be down with you man. How I do it? What I got to do? I got to be down with you. Jesus like, you know what I mean? So I get stuff, get the money to the poor, and then come ride with me into the disciples. He was trying to recruit him into his game. But he would have been the 13th disciple. But he was like, oh yeah, about that given up the money thing, Jesus. I don't know why I'm being able to do that player. And then Jesus said, I see it's hard for the rich man to enter the kingdom and have a few of the same. Jesus gave this man directions. So order. And he was like, uh yeah, now I'm gonna keep my money instead. This man went against Jesus to keep his money. So of course he can't go in there and they're having a break. You gotta have the full context of the story. You can't just be quote in that shit like you read the whole Bible because you didn't, right? Now that we got that out the way, let's go to my favorite verses. The ones that helped make me a millionaire. Open up your Bibles to Matthew 1720. So it is a story. Jesus was kicking it with the disciples and this man came up to him. He was like, check me out. Listen, look at Jesus. My son, man, he'd be out here tweaking. He's having seizures all the time. He is really tweaking. His mother's don't know what to do. She's crying all the time. He spares now on a consistent basis. Can you help this brother? No, my son. With these seizures and the man went on to tell Jesus, I went to the disciples. They tried to help. They couldn't do anything. I think Jesus, I know you can't. Jesus, he looked at everybody. He's like, Jesus said, you unbelieving and perverse generation. How long shall I stay with you? Right? Jesus was kind of fed up and you're gonna find out why. Jesus ran up today. Young shaky man and said, you heal. All right. And then doing, he was shaking you like, oh shit. How good now Jesus? Thank you. I feel good, man. I got the shakes. No more. I got the shivers. This I was like, yo, Jesus. You know, we tried to heal the shaking of fucking for man long. How come we can do it and you could? And he said, because you have so little faith. Truly, I tell you, if you had to faith, as far as a muster seed, you'd be able to move metal. And nothing would be impossible to you. What's the lesson? You got to believe, man. You got to believe you can actually accomplish this go. Whatever goal you're trying to accomplish, I believe I can get to this mother fucking bag. I believe I can get this money. I believe I can have fucking Richard Mills, Cartier Braceless, pinhouse in Miami, big boy girlfriend. I believe it. But when you believe you act differently, when you're timid and you don't believe, you know, I act with the same gunshot. You don't have the same metal for the two. You definitely won't have the person of variance. That's a serity of cops you're going. Because if you don't believe, how do you stay persistent in the face of obstacles? If you don't believe, how do you keep going with things to get tough? You might not even try if you don't believe. However, if you do believe, Jesus said, what? Nothing can be impossible to you. If you call yourself a question, and you don't go after your goals, then you didn't even, you don't believe that you're going to do it. Or you don't believe with Jesus saying, I believe both. So I went after it. So when I started my first business, you know, it was difficult time. My father had just committed suicide. It was during a recession or 08 working on employment. The fucking banks were about to go on business. The government had to bail out the car industry. She was going, hey, why are you? And I started my fucking first business during that. And all I had was faith, man. I wasn't even that great of a shape. Back then. Right? And I'm going to say, I'm a bee and online trainer. And mind, nobody was doing this shit back then. I was in the class. The first class people did online training. This man, Jesus said, if you had to faith them, you must have seen you can move mountains. And nothing would be impossible to you. And I believe that. And here I am. Yeah, I think that's how I made my first million in this online trainer. And I had to invent it. Like everybody was doing it back then, we had to invent it. Because there was no training, there's no books, no resources. Or how to do online training. Because there was no news, a novel idea. But you don't have to invent it. If you want to learn more about it, I got a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. So exactly how you can start your online fitness business. And you're in a better position than I was. Because the economy is actually doing great. Shows in. But we had the lowest unemployment in 50 years. You know, it was all opposite when I started. Right? Take a man with someone like trains free ebook. Show you how to do it. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you need to certified. The next Bob verse, the help me become a multi-millionaire. Matthew 1422. So in this store, the disciples they were in a boat. And I guess it was a huge storm. She was getting real shaking in the water. Things were going away. Why? They need to look off into the distance with a seat man. They saw Jesus walking on the water. This brother was strutting. I don't know. They didn't describe how it was in my brain when I imagined it. Yeah. Walking on the water, the disciples they first saw in this thought it was a ghost. And he cried out in fear. But Jesus said, take courage. Don't be afraid. And then briefly Peter saw Jesus. He was inspired. He started to believe in himself more. Peter started walking on the water. He jumped out the boat. I want you to understand the significance of this. Jesus of course, man. He, you know, he was a Mackerel and Lee conceived. Son of God or God. Depending on you look at him. And I'm just in and I already know what one of this right. Both. Son of God. And I would ever. Peter started walking on the water. He's the regular guy. Like, me knew. But then you realized, oh, shit. I'm walking on the water. And then he started to sing. He said, Jesus helped me. Jesus helped me. Jesus picked him up man. Jesus reaches hand out, call them. And he said, you have little faith. Why did you doubt right? That's all Jesus taught me to believe. Believe, believe, believe, believe. The point of this was when Peter a regular fucking dude saw a big home. He doing some miraculous Peter started to believe in himself. And he felt like he can do it too. Right. And I think that's the power of mentors. Not only can mentors, shorting your learning curve, help you accomplish your goals faster, but they can help you believe in yourself more. Someone's doing things that you want to do. And you're under their wing, you're going to have more confidence in who yourself, right? Being with those mentors. And then I remember when I first started my own life in this business, my first real mentor was the homey Elliott holes. Now here's the thing, you could learn a lot from podcasts and books. I read a lot of books. I read a lot of books, right? But it's some different about having a mentor because this dude was someone I saw them were different when you see it in real life. And I was around Elliott and I was asking them for advice. And Elliott gave me so much gain. After I met Elliott and you know, he started to mentor me some, my business took off. Through Elliott, I met one of his business partners that do they met Glenn. And I paid Matt like $1400 a month at the Metswormy. That year I was paying them every month. I made a million dollars. And it wasn't just the game. It was also a belief, right? Because Matt was a gene. Don't go looking for Matt. Because he don't do that kind of work. He's no more this long time ago. His business called Biooptimizers. And he told me they did $50 million a revenue last year, right? So he's not meant to want them up because the $1200 is no more, right? You know, it wasn't just the game. He gave me a lot of game. He's obviously a smart dude, right? He was telling me what to do. I had more faith in that than me trying to figure out myself. You know what I mean? Like Jesus told Peter, man, come on, I heard his water man ride. I would be. And Peter went and did he walked no water for a minute until he got scared to point out, right? You know, Jesus like, come on, man, what you doing? Right? That would be like about Matt gave me some advice. It was like, oh, how can I not? This dude is already been to the mountains. I mean, no, he can see things that I can't see. And he can see things in me that I can't see. You know what I mean? That's the power of mentors. It's not just the game. It's also being around people. You've ever been around somebody and you just felt more confident you feel like you're going to accomplish more. You could do more. That's the biggest part of mentorship. That's why Peter was able to walk on water, right? Because he's seen the big homey doer and he believed. The next Boba First to help me make a lot of money. It's crazy assteats 10 19 and it reads a feast is made for laughter. Why is made for Mary and money solves all things? You know, the reason that's important because you know, a lot of religious folks were used those verses I talked about earlier to demonize wells. Talk about like this bed, but it says right here in the Bible, the good book, the word of the Lord, that money solves all things is right there. You can't talk about what is the root of all evil and expect to get it because that's it didn't even say that in the Bible. Right? You got to appreciate to give the glory to God. You'll be grateful for it. If I see a penny on the screen, I'll pick it up with my Richard Millaw. I'll pick the penny up off the floor and I'll be like, I have gratitude with it because you can't ex-guide or whoever you believe in the universe or whatever for more money and be like, oh, not that money. That's not enough or not be grateful for what you get. Imagine you come home and you give like a net your toy man for Christmas and he's like, this is. All right, bro. Even if I'm saying, how many more toys you're going to give him? If you don't show gratitude for it, even if it wasn't bullshit, would you be excited to give him some more? Now imagine you give the kid a toy or I got his little Iron Man toy. My son gave me this because he knows I like Iron Man. He you give you give you the kid a toy and maybe he did some bullshit. It saw you could afford, but he kid he's super excited about. He started running that house doing back those, I got an Iron Man. My block. It's like I did my Iron Man. Right? You'd be excited to get that kid another toy. You're saying next next birthday, next event. Right? Why you think I feel man? You see, if that penny's on the floor, you better pick that up and pray is the low that you got it. You're saying, because then he's going to be excited about giving you some more, man. You got to show gratitude. You got to have the attitude of gratitude, but a lot of times people would demonize money, like it's not important. But the Lord said money saw all things. Right? So to be grateful for what you got, be grateful for everything you get. Even if it's not what exactly what you want, be grateful for it and expect more. Believe you're going to get more. Right? But you've got to work for it. Which brings me to Prodverbs 10th of the lazy hand makes for poverty. But the diligent hand brings wealth. What that mean? Lazy motherfuckers go stay bro. But the diligent hand brings wealth. You've got to work diligently. People try to clown me. People make videos. You too videos about me talking shit about me because I tell people, hey, if you want to make a lot of money, you should work hard. I didn't think that was a controversial tape, but let's say I didn't say it. I didn't just make the shit up. It's in the Bible. Prodverbs 10th of. Don't you argue with me when I say working? You are arguing with the Lord. Because the Lord said, the lazy hand makes for poverty. But the hand of the diligent brings wealth. Right? So you can't just say, hey, hey, guys, I want you all to give me some of these money while I play the playstation. Shims, hey, guys, man. I'm gonna be over here. Uh, getting high. Jerking off playing Super Nintendo. But uh, yeah, go ahead and get me some millions. And they're gonna work like that brother. The Bible says and ain't gonna work like that. You got to work diligently. So when I talk about working hard, every time I say that, some dipshit says, some people work hard and never get rich. Uh, you got to work hard at the right things, man. And you got to work hard with the intent to get rich. Some people just work hard as janitors, right? They're not trying to get rich, right? And you can give you really trying to get rich. You might have to start at a janitor, but you need to be always focused on upward moments, some upward mobility, brother. I used to work for movement, come these ice of work security. You understand? But I knew I wasn't gonna stay there. I knew that was just a step in stone. I knew that was just a stair on the staircase to wealth. And I was gonna keep climbing, brother. So yeah, if you fucking wash windows forever, you might work hard in a garbage, but you got to like, you got to have a vision, brother. But without a vision, the people will perish. That's in the Bible, so me, you got to have a vision for more. You got to be working towards it. Not just working the work. And working hard is levels to that shit, right? When you're talking to the worker forever, never get rich. Uh, they work 40 hours a week. I've been working 80 hours a week for over 10 years. Yums, man. Don't sacrifice health. I still sleep seven hours a night. Every night. That's that's all I need. Still got amazing relationship with my son, my family. Uh, me, no via. And I still got great relationships with my friends. But I work super hard, man. Because it's diligent, man. I'm diligent. I plan every hour of every day in my calendar. Let me show you the fuck diligent me. Next time you say some people work hard. Do they're fucking calendar? Look like this. Are they maximizing? I'm talking about like this every hour of every day planned out like legit diligencey. That's what the Lord's man when he said diligent. He said plan out every hour of every day. You know what I'm saying? So what you need to do, brus the, there's 1068 hours in every week. If you sleep eight hours, that's 56. How many hours you work? That's 40. That's say you worked. That's 40 hours a week. That's say you got to work out. You say you work out hours. That's say you bad ass like me. You work out every day. Seven, that's seven hours. Then you have to spend some time with your family. Put out my hours. You want? Add all those things up. So track it from 168 hours. That's how much hours you got left. Do the math. Look at that number because those are only four things a man has to do. You got to sleep. You got to work. You got to work out and you got to spend time with your family. Now, here's the family thing. If you got kids, it's going to be more. If you don't have kids, what you talking about? Spend a time with your mommy, man. You in a dog. Crow up. Peter Pan. Go up there and be a man. Your mom and your mommy really wants you to make something yourself. Man, she don't want you bacon cookies. What are her, or her man? That's a fucking dog. Get real. Anyway, the spin is much time as you want when I put it. Put it down. Add it up. So track it from 168. And then you'll tell me if by wasting that time, squandering, if you're really being diligent. Because the diligent hand brings wealth. According to Provers. 10. Fuck. One more. The last Bible verse. The hell me get rich? Is 10.5.8. If anyone does not provide for his own. Especially those in his household. Then he is denied the faith and is worse than an unbeliever. Worst than unbeliever. Think about that, man. If you can't provide for your own, especially the one of the young house, the Bible says you are denied faith. The Bible says you are worse than an unbeliever. That means you've got to make enough money to take care of the people who you love. You've got to make enough money to send you kids to good schools. Make sure they have everything they need. You'll make sure your family's taking care of. You can understand? But his, oh my father fucking blew his brains out. I could have just been a bitch and cried. I had some good excuses to be a bitch. They did. I said, nah. I'm the man in the house now. I gotta make sure I take care of my sister. I gotta make sure I take care of my mom. If you want to be the man one day. Or if you're the man now, you get the Bible says you've got to make enough money to provide for your own. Right? Because everything your family needs. Oh, it's my food. Close shelter, education. And the amount of money you have will determine the equality of what you can provide. You don't do the best for your family. You do the best you can afford. If you have more money, you would do more for your parents. You would do more for your wife. You would do more for your kids. You know, send us a best school. You send the best you can afford. You know what I'm saying? Think about that. And take their responsibility seriously as a man. Because the Bible says you should. This is what I made a video about me talking shit, man. You said, man, they're happy as people. I know. Oh, well, parents. I spent all the time with the kids. I see. I know lots of people on welfare, man. That's some bullshit. They ain't happy and the kids ain't happy. And that is the back to submen. Kids from low income families have had worse outcomes in every area across the board with lower test scores. Higher rates of substance abuse, higher rates of incarceration. Higher rates of diseases. Higher rates of mental problems. Right? All of that is associated with growing up and poverty. You got to make sure that you're in a better position. But you and your family, the Lord said, man, I did it. I worked super super hard. Then I made a lot of money. And I was like, you know what? I got to find a way to start my own business because I want to even more money. Like, I can only make so much money doing this labor, working security and working for moving companies and shit. There's a cat on the shit. So I was like, I mean, I did that for a few years, two years, you know, working like four different jobs. Like, I had two jobs during the week and then I had two different jobs on the weekends. Right? And I said, man, I got to I want to take it to the next level. How can I start my own business? I only think I was really good at it was training people, right? Training people. So that's why I started online training. I read a book. Some books about, you know, the internet, internet businesses, which was novel idea back in the time. I started my own life business business. And that's how I made my first million over the last few years. I've helped over 15,000 students build successful online fitness businesses. If you want to learn how to do that, I have a free book called The Ten Commandments of all not training the league in the description. Go down low then now. All right, cool.

=== FILE: These Habits Will Make You Rich in 2025 [EUafhW4EqtQ].txt ===

2025 is on track to be a year that can change your life. This is a year where you can start building a generation of well. We got Trump in office, stock market, crypto market, they definitely believe in Trump in his leadership and they've spoken. The shit he's about to do, he's deregulating everything. He's going to be a very business friendly environment. I don't think he's going to be a poor person, friendly environment. Because traditionally, that's not how the Republican party really works. But I'm not a poor person anymore, so I'm a ball. And I want you to ball too. And I'm sure you got to take advantage of what I think is about to be a bull market as a result of Trump winning this election. But I'm not the only one who thinks this. So before I show you how you can take advantage of this, I want you to hear from one of my buddies, the homey Ian, from Irina Leisure podcast. He does a shit every fucking Monday. He posted this on his Instagram. And it's a lot of the same shit I've been saying for a fucking ever. As a man, it's for you that you put 40% of your money into the market. You don't have option. You as an entrepreneur, the first four years and you're trying to figure it out, you are not going to outpace the S&P or Bitcoin or Nvidia or I bit or Tesla on this run or Eli Lilly or Blockie is not going to happen. It's not going to happen. You have to put your money into assets. They're going to make more money than you are and put the Mr. Betta entrepreneurs than you are for sure. That's the man that's quoted you put 40% of your money into the market now. I've been saying for Snow as I can remember. I invest 50% of my money, 50% of every dollar I make. I showed it to you when I talked about NBA account and I talked about the whole system. But now there's other people saying it. He's saying that as an entrepreneur, it doesn't matter how much money you make, especially if you just started, you're not going to do better than the best companies in the world in this market environment because shit is about the skyrocket. You need to be investing as much money as you can in cities markets. But most of y'all poor boys and you ain't got enough money to invest 40% of your money in the market. That's too broke. We got to make more money become more successful. So in this video, I'm going to break down the habits you need to build. But to just make this year the best year of your life. This is going to be a life changing year for you. But you have to change as a person. You have to build certain habits. Here's what I want you to imagine. Let's say you died today. And then you meet God. You like, yeah, what up God? And he's like, yeah, what up? And he's like damn God. What? What? That you love me. You was like, what? That's what I heard. Like, why don't you show me love? He's like, man, because this is what you were supposed to do. And he showed you a version of yourself who didn't waste time. Who didn't bullshit his time away on fucking Instagram, TikTok, porn, hub, oh, whatever the fuck y'all be doing. Who wasn't lazy who didn't skip workouts. Who worked diligently to give an English of all the opportunity that we're put in front of him. Made the most out of every day out of every minute of every day. To become the best version of himself he could be. And he showed you this motherfucking. He showed you what kind of income this person produced. He showed you what kind of financial future this person built for his offspring. How he set up generational wealth. And then he looked at you, he was like, motherfucker, but you did this. I believe that that might happen. I believe that's what hell is like. And I don't want you living that hell. I want you to actually become that person. You can become that person. But you have to build these habits. Or to make that a reality. First thing we need to do is time management is super important. Because what is life is time. You're going to be born and then you die. And in between that is what is what we call life. But it's really just time. Right? You have a certain amount of time here. And how you spend it would determine what kind of outcomes you have. You know, some people say dumb shit like, oh, you can't take money with you. You can't take it with you. No, it's not about what you take when you fucking die. It's about what you leave. What do you leave by? What kind of impact did you leave on the people you love? What kind of impact did you leave on the world? What's not about what you take is about what you leave. And you only got a certain amount of time to fucking do it. Bruce Lee said, if you love life, don't waste time. Because time with life is made of. So we have to manage our time. And because this is our number one weapon in our arsenal. And the war against poverty. Time is our number one asset. And we have to manage. First thing you need to start doing is using Google Calendar. I have a whole video on this. This video is not sponsored by Google. I'll take the money, you know. I'm saying if you were fucking nerds are watching, I'll take the money. We're going to do in Google Calendar. This is going to plan every hour of every day. Plan every hour, every day. Let me show you something. Here is what my calendar looks like. This is the month view of it. Every hour of every day is planned out. My days are choreographed. I know exactly what I'm doing. And some people may say, man, that's too rigid. That's too rigid. You're shut the fuck up. It's rigid because my goals are super ambitious. If you have low level goals, like if you just want to live another year or something like that, that's the magnitude of your ambition, then yeah, you can fucking freestyle every day and just do what you want to do, right? But if you're trying to accomplish big shit, if you want to set up a legacy that you leave behind, if you want to do anything really noteworthy, then you're going to have to do things that most people aren't willing to do. So what that looks like for me every week, there are 106-8 hours. In every week, everybody can save me my hours. If you sleep 8 hours a night, but you should, right? That's 56 hours. So that's going to leave us with 112 hours. Now, I recommend that you work 80 hours a week. And this leaves you with 32 hours left. So do whatever you want. This is how we're going to get ahead. This is what I started doing after my father blew his goddamn brains out. In 2007. At a whole family's shit, right? All right, cool. Fuck. Make matters worse, then the recession of 08 hits. Almost all life insurance has a suicide clause. Right? Otherwise, my father would just be buying that shit and blowing their brains out all the time, right? So that you can't get money if you commit suicide, right? So he didn't leave us any money. He left us a bunch of fucking bills and problems. My mom had a fucking taxes that he owe back taxes, IRS called another time. It's all fucked up. I'm like, all right. So what do we do, right? All right. I guess we got to figure it out. Then the recession hits, right? Lehman Brothers, Stock Market Crash, the global economy starts the collapse. And I had a college degree, but I couldn't get a job. I couldn't get a good job at the time because everybody was laying people off. We had record levels of unemployment. Like when I hear people talk complain about the economy. Now I think, you know what because of the soft. You don't know what it's like. I know what it's like when it's bad. When it's bad, it's bad. Right? General Motors almost went out of business. The fucking banks. If United States of America, almost went out of business. The government had to build all this shit out. Imagine what would happen to the banks go out of business. We were on the, on the brink of collapse. So what I do, man, well, I'm not a bitch, right? I've like, we got to figure it out. So I started working 80 hours a week and you may be thinking, how do you do that? Well, that's when I started fucking planning out every hour of every day. Planning out every hour every day in Google, I have a whole video on how you can do this, right? But what I noticed was that, man, I was wasting a lot of time, right? So I just got a bunch of different jobs. Train people in the morning, shower at the gym. Then I went and worked at the protestor. For another eight hours, right? I was security security guard at the protestor. I wasn't good at the job, right? I didn't guard anything, work keep anyone secure. In fact, a lot of shit was stolen and then my watch. And I didn't try to sell them. I was like, yeah, now he got his guy. I remember what's out, open the fucking door. But it's lady and she had just told, it was like, oh, why, lady, I didn't think she was a thief, right? You know what I'm saying? She said, thank you. I said, hey, thanks for coming in. And she walked out with a $5,000 per second. And then when it's security guards, the security manager, he saw the shit on the fucking cameras. And he runs out. She just walked out with the person, like, this guy, she got it. So we got to do better as a team. We got to do better. I did that five days a week. And then on the weekends, I trained people in the morning. And I was the manager, the weekend manager of a restaurant in Queens, a story of Queens. I did that for two fucking years. But guess what? I wasn't broken. I was not. The second worst economic collapse in American history. Almost as bad as depression. I mean, not that bad. But it was number two. During that time, I made over $100,000. Just working just outwork in poverty. And you could all do that. Especially now. Now she's crazy. So work 80 hours a week. This is going to be harder if you have a bunch of kids. I didn't tell you to have all them kids. All right, I didn't not tell you to have all them fucking kids. I told you not to. I didn't mean, like, hey, man, wait to you if I naturally secure to start giving birth to humans. You just think it with the wrong head, man. All right. So like, you might never be able to work 80 hours a week. But work took a pass at it. Now you still got to spend time with your kids. You still got to spend time with your family. That's what these are the hours as for, man. I know I got to eat what about eating, shower, and fucking blah blah blah blah blah. Well, you know what else likes to eat? You can't even do my fucking stuff. You know what? Clean with them motherfuckers. Go run your errands with these motherfuckers. Hey, kids. Gather around. We're going to the grocery store. All right. You know, make it into an adventure. My son loves going to Target. Is dope. That's when you see it. When you got to do all the other shit. Do that shit in the 32 hours. Do a witch of family. If you ain't got kids, you should. What do you tell them? I spend time with your mommy. Because remember, we have to invest in said 40%. I've been saying 50% to average American works. They're really nine hours. Like 38, 39 hours. Not even 40, right? Oh, we. I'm telling you to double that. If you double that, hey, you already double your income. And the reason we need to do that is because we need to invest that in the market. If you do it right, you can set up like real wealth, man. Right. You can set up real wealth. All right. So it's time management. And then just because you plan the time doesn't mean you're fucking doing it. Once we start managing the time, this is going to allow us to invest 50%. And listen, if you want, you could just pick it index fund. S&P 500, QQQ, some like that. If you're more sophisticated, you can pick individual stocks. But this is about to go fucking nuts. Work 80 hours a week. And that invests half your money, right? But we also do not raise living expenses. Now, yo, I don't want to see none of you. My focus buying lambos is shit. These next two three years, man. Even if you got lambom money, you need to be put that. That needs to be motherfucking investment money. Because we want our investments to pay for our expenses. So if you read Rich Dad Poor Dad, he's so bad. He had two dads. They weren't like in a homosexual relationship. It was like one of them just wasn't his real dad. One of them was like his homies dad. Who was like a dad to him. It wasn't like he had two dads who was like married on some gay shit. You know what I'm saying? And it's okay if he was though. We love all people, man. Who you have sex with none of my business, right? He had his po-dad. This is po-dad. This is po-daddy. And po-daddy, he worked for money. That's why we all worked. He worked for money. Then he spent his money on all types of shit. Yeah, I'm saying life shit, regular shit. You know, does he spend his money on shit? That's what most people do. But Rich Dad, Rich Daddy. That's what my girlfriend calls him. But Rich Dad. Work for money. All right, they all, they all the same kind of time right now. They both worked for money. But Rich Dad spent his money on assets. Use the assets to buy him shit, right? But see, the assets will keep buying you shit over and over again. For example, this watch is one of my cheap watch. This is the AP Royal Oak Offshore, a Lini Cup edition in Titanium. Right, they only made like a thousand of these. I'm going to go try and get you one. It's not difficult to find. Right, but they made a thousand of these, right? Now, I use assets to buy this. But I still have the assets. So the assets bought my next watch too. You're going to say, but if you work and you spend money on shit, then the money is gone. It's gone forever. And you've got to work again to get more shit. But I spend my money on the assets. The assets bought the shit. But the assets keep producing shit. It's like, this is like farming. This is how the first baller was created. The first mother fucker to really ball. This back in like the hunter gatherer days. My fuck is found some seeds in shit or they got some seeds. And most of these motherfuckers like, y'all man, oh, we got some seeds. That's ETC's when they just eat the seeds. Now they got to look for more seeds when they hungry, more food. A first baller, he saw the seeds like no white doll instead of ETC's. I'm going to put these motherfuckers in the dirt. The other cave motherfuckers was like, y'all, man, you're putting the food in the dirt. What's the matter with you? Use both the eat that shit. Put in dirt. He's like, nah. Nah. Y'all don't get it. If I put the seeds in the dirt, they go and grow crops. Off these crops. I'll be able to feed my family for generations. The bro cave man was like, dumbass. Put in the food in the dirt. But rich cave man was like, y'all, nah, I got these seeds. Instead of eating them now, I'mma delay gratification. Put the seeds in the ground. And he kept getting more seeds, boom, putting them in the ground. Next, you know, this motherfucker had a whole plantation. He had a whole crop of seeds that grew into a fucking plant. And now he eat off the plants. Now he don't have to be a no man. No more. The poke cave man's, they was on some no man, yellow shit. Go around the earth, looking for food and shit. But he was able to actually settle down. The first rich cave man. He was able to just settle down, build a family, a stable family. They didn't have to travel, scoward our earth for seeds. Because the seeds was working for him. He put in the work planet the seeds. Now the seeds is working. Now the seeds was the niggas who started civilization. If these motherfuckers didn't do this shit, we'd all be fucking going around the earth, looking for seeds right now. But the rich cave man had the mental fortitude to the late gratification. Plant the seeds, start a civilization. Nice building the family there. The young saying starting governments, creating currency. Next you know, go watch my YouTube videos. Now you need to stop being a motherfuckin' don't man. You still work for the seeds. But start planning them motherfuckers in the ground. Start planning them motherfuckers so they growin'. You do that by buying assets. But yo, rich daddy wasn't a lazy motherfuckin'. He kept working. What do you do? He bought more assets. He kept doing that shit, kept repeating the process. Next you know, the assets is buying more shit. More shit. This motherfuckers rich. Hold dead, die, po. That's gonna be you if you don't listen to my voice man. Because that's how you get rich. You make more money than you spin and you invest the difference. Over low enough period time, you'll get money. You invest it in assets. I'm telling you now's the time. Put that money into the market. And the next thing we need to do is, like honestly, we got a build discipline. This is very important. And the reason I say that is because you can come up with all this plans, you can say you're gonna do all this shit. You still got to do it. Like you motherfuckers said, goals this here, you're gonna get in a complex. You made fucking goals and plans. This you didn't look out to the job because you didn't have the discipline. I wasn't really born with any real advantages, except for being tall in hands. But other than that, I didn't have the real advantages. I was born to South Side Chicago, motherfuckin' black ghetto. Right, we're little dirty and nimblest king vignanimums from, like I can walk over there from where I grew up. And my father blew his brains out when I was in my early twenties. And the only reason I'm here is because discipline, a lot of people say, look, look, I hear all this shit about luck. If I would have had these lucky opportunities, so lucky my dad blew his brains out. But if anybody looked at it, I did experience, if I wasn't discipline, I wouldn't have been able to take advantage of me. Everybody had the same opportunities as me. Everyone saw YouTube, everyone saw online training. In fact, I was trying to put other motherfuckers on. And some of them tried, but they didn't have the discipline to stick to it. You got to build discipline. And I really think one part of building discipline is your two impatient. It's not that you're not strong enough to do it. Some of you just aren't strong enough. You don't have enough discipline. I would dress you motherfuckers in a minute. But a lot of you guys are too impatient. You try something for a minute or a day or once or twice. And you give up when you don't see it results immediately. So you have to have patience. But it's weird because it's patience, but also urgency. Because the game plan I'm laying out for you guys is not a get rich quick scheme. I haven't found a get rich scheme and believe me, I look. Even if you do find a get rich quick scheme, like I know some motherfuckers boss some weird coin or some of fuckers who boss him in if tees and may millions, where are they now? Well, I didn't know because if you fuck around and get successful on accident because you got lucky, but you don't have discipline. You're not going to be able to maintain that success. Right. Let's say you got to slug his meat. Let's say you ended up being a fucking six foot two, Martin millionaire living in downtown Miami. Would you be trying to get to sleep at 9.30 10.30 every night? No. You motherfuckers have like 35 baby mom is right now. You'd be all fucked up because you didn't have the discipline. You would lose it. You would indulge in the fruits of your labor to the point where you would lose it. This is why a lot of athletes, they can build the financial discipline. They're disciplined enough to work out and run. Right, but then not discipline, then not financially. This is when this white average motherfucker in NFL is literally broke. Five years after they retire, Tom Brady, he's going to be fine. Right, but I'm talking about the average guy. And Tom Brady's improving the average is probably way less than five years if you don't count Tom Brady and Ray Lewis and him up fuckers right, the fucking stars. We had to build discipline. And part of it is the patience. No one that it won't happen overnight. But we also had to have urgency. You had to think long term and short term. You want to think about your goals long term and be patient about your goals at urgent about today. And you're talking about a child, let's say a child who's in your family. You might not see this month, but once maybe twice a year, a family reunion, funeral or wedding, some shit like that, right? You see the kid. And if you only see him a few times a year, every time you see him, he's going to look like he's grown a lot. But the him, he might not notice. His parents might not even notice how big he got because his gradual is just a little bit every day. In fact, the amount he's grown from day to day is almost indistinguishable. The way nature works, nature does, as much as it can every day, provided the kid has nourishment and all the. So nature's working at capacity each day, even though it's just a little bit. But a year, six months a year of that, it really adds up. But nature's working at capacity. You're not working at capacity at your goals every day. But if you did, if you worked at capacity every day as much as you could every day, the amount of money you made from day to day would probably won't be a big deal. The amount of progress you make in your goal from day to day, it'd probably be negligible, which is like fuck, I worked my ass off today. And those days stack up. And just like the child, as somebody sees you a year from now, you know, two years from now, if you've been working at capacity every day, it would be like fuck, you really came up. You had to be urgent about going hard each day, but patient about the results. Urgent what you're work ethic and patient what you results. And if you had that in your mind, it would be easier for you to stick to it and be disciplined. Because if this is progress, right? And this is time, we think that progress would be linear, right? Because it's kind of, we kind of been trying to think that way, right? If you work an hour today, you get paid or an hour work in his linear, but success is not like that. We think it's going to be like this, right? Line here. The amount of progress we're going to make it be in proportion to the time. But that's not how success works. In fact, it's exponential, right? So it looks like nothing's happening for a long time. And then something happens and then things start to take off. The problem is, most of you might focus, you can't stay disciplined, it's because you quit when you're in this zone. This is the quit zone in here. This is where people quit. But had they kept going, they would have gotten more success than they intended, which happens up here. Like we talked about planning seats. Got the dirt plan to seat and this dirt, as a seat, not over giant. All right, get your mud out of the gutter. It's like if you plan to seat in the dirt, you won't see any fucking fruit for a long time. In fact, you won't see nothing for a long time. At first, first that seat has to germinate. This is a seat germinating. It's growing roots, right? This is happening on the ground. Gilbert, Jess, look at this shit and be like, oh man, I've been fucking water in this seat for a long and I'll see nothing. I'm a quit. That's how you guys give it all your goals. I don't see nothing happening. And I'm a quit. That's what happens here. What happened would really happen in reality. This crosses bitch out the way. And what really happens in reality is the seat at some point is going to sprout. Boom. And then it's going to start growing little leaves. It's shit. Then it's going to grow some more. Boom. You're going to have more leaves. And then guess what? So it's going to grow a tree. And then at some point, it's going to start bearing fruit. But once it starts bearing fruit, it's going to bear fruit every fucking season all the time, right? exponential growth. That's when you're at your finaly at this phase here. And it's going to give you fruit all the time no matter what. But you have to get through this part when it was just germinating. Doing nothing apparently. But it was happening underground. That's how your goals are. Your working at your goals and you looks like nothing is happening. But at some point, it starts to sprout and it starts to explode. But you have to work at it every day. This happens naturally in nature. It just grows every day. You couldn't stop it. It's in the DNA. With your goals, you can stop. You can control how much work you put in every day. And that's why you give up. You've got to have a mixture of discipline and urgency. In order to do that, we have to make sure we are consistent. We have to be consistent. And the best way to make sure you're consistent is tracking. What are the things that need to happen every day? So come to your goal. Let's say you have a fitness goal. All right. You've got to hit your macros every day. You've got to hit your calories every day. You've got to get enough water every day. You've got to hit enough sleep every day. You've got to train every day or every day. You're training. You need to actually start tracking how consistent you are doing this. I swear to God, every person I've trained over the last 25 years in being a trainer. If they never tracked their calories before, soon as they start tracking, they're like, fuck, I didn't realize I was eating this much. If they were trying to lose weight. Or if they were trying to gain weight, I didn't realize that I wasn't eating enough. You know, I'm a hard gainer. I know motherfucker, how much you eat every day? I don't know. Let's start tracking. Oh, fuck, you're not eating a dummy, of course. But it's like that. Not only would fitness goals with all goals. When I ask people when they're trying to accomplish a business goal or a financial goal, I'm like, how much are you working at this goal a day? Man, I work hard every day, right? How many hours a week? And when we really look at this like fuck man, you're not even putting in 20 hours a week. And that's why I put together a free habit tracker for you. All right, we have a link in notion. It's two parts. There's a goal planner. We're getting like plan out your goals. But you can also plan out your habits every day to make sure you're on point. And you can actually see each day. If you're a college, you go, I'm going to show you what mine looks like. I can't show you my current one because it's just secret shit in here. And this is one for January, so I had the days. You'll see it, too. My thing I need to wake up before five every day. How often did I, how often, how consistent am I? This level is a consistency. I did that about 80% of the time. That that my other, right? So it's some room from proving, right? How much sleep I got. I didn't get enough sleep that much, right? So I had the date. How much did I work out? Boom. How can I give you guys ads or the stuff up for you to rate? Does the average is and I show you how to set up your own habits. Other things you want to track, right? How many times a workout, 80% of the time that was my goal, meditate, hmm, supposed to be 100, the PM meditation, supposed to be more than that, right? It's not bad, but it's not great. It's not 100. Track my macros though, right? Guess what? I did that 100% of the time. That's why I looked like this age 40. How much protein I got on average? So then I have how many calories I consumed each day on average, that was my calorie consumption. It calories I burnt, right? Boom. Then I have it so it adds up and this will be on your sheet too. All right, if you download it, I was cutting this month. So I can see I was in a nice deficit. Boom, how much water I drink. Just back in time, we were using mitten.com. Now we use monarch. The track, how many days we did I track my macros? I could have did more. Practice guitar, how many, you know, it's not a major goal in my right. So, but I practice 365 minutes, right? Practice Spanish, hmm, could have practiced more. Your Ablar in Pukito, Espanyo, L.F.A.A. They have CCo, how do mundo? So I speak a little Spanish, you know. That's a little Spanish, man. You know, you're filming, man. You have to say they call me keto, swivey, and die, you can be washing their heads, you know? All right, anyway, study, I got to study every day. So these is in minutes, you know, boom. hours, I worked each day, boom. I saw you had a track all the way to say this, so it's all free. You can hit the link in the description down. Look, let's make this year the best years of our life. I really believe this is a year. We had a certain window where we can really maximize our income potential with the stock market and with this new administration. If you don't take advantage of it, man, you're really gonna be like, fuck, I missed out. If you missed out on the last bullet run, during C19, don't miss out on this one. All right, let's go. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh, Shh. Shh. Shh. Ugh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. What? Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. No. Shh. Shh. Shh. No. Shh. What's up? No, shut up. OK.

=== FILE: These Habits Will Make You SUPER RICH in 2025 [Zm9Zxzv_bN4].txt ===

Around this time of year, people start making new years resolution. I think a next year is going to be my year. One of the main goals people set for new years is they want to improve financially. They set started to find natural goals. A lot of you guys want to be rich. If you don't want to be rich, I don't know why you watching this channel. You should go watch fucking Dr. Beast or QD Pie or one of the mother channels. Man, where they just talk about entertainment. This channel is about getting rich, getting an amazing shape, and building the mindset of a champion. And in this video, I want to break down the habits you need to cultivate in order to get rich or at least substantially improve your income in 2025. Let's get into it. There's a few habits you need to cultivate in order to really get money in 2025. There's a hierarchy at the base. You're going to have to develop. I like to call financial discipline. Financial discipline. There's a few steps it is. So the first thing you want to do to be more financially disciplined is you want to start tracking every dollar. You guys say you want to get rich. You say money is really important to you. You don't know how much money he spent last week. You're not tracking. You've got to track every dollar coming in and every dollar coming out. Now back in the days for years, I recommended a software called Mid.com. You can see old videos 10 years ago. Let me explain that. That I used Mid.com to track every dollar coming in my accounts and every dollar going out. Catagirism. So I had a clear picture of my financial health at all times. Mid.com shut down. A new competitor is in this drink and it's called Monarch. So Monarch is the app I recommend. They do not pay me. This monster is I'll take the money if you fucking doorks I listen and believe me I'll take the money. Give me some money. You know everybody wants to talk about some sexy market insurers from sexy business shit. But the foundation is like, yo, let's start tracking the money you have. I want you to think about if you had a kid and this kid you bought the kids some toys and the kid didn't buy you on. He fucked them up. He ruined them immediately. He wasn't taking care of them. Would you be excited about buying that kid new toys? No. If God has blessed you or God or whatever you believe in, have blessed you with the money you have and you're not taking care of it. If you're not being disciplined with it, you think God's gonna give you some new shit. If you're not taking care of the shit you've got. So first we got to start managing the money we have. So we want to track every dollar we spend. We need to get a clear vision of our finances and every time I run on entrepreneur through this exercise like I counsel a lot of entrepreneurs. This is one kid, right? He was making pretty good money. He had made over a million dollars in like one year, right? But he was fucking still broke. I made him sign up for this shit through his spending for the last 90 days and he was so surprised to see how much fucking bullshit he was wasting money on. It's kind of shocking to a lot of people once they actually go in there and categorize and really start paying attention to their finances. After that, we want to cut spending. Well, basically we want not cut spending. We want to live below our means. Live, be low, our means. So if you watch my videos, you know, up until maybe five years ago, you always saw me with no shirt on or maybe a tank top, maybe some Jordan's. But I wasn't flexing, I wasn't out here with APs and the Richard Mills. That came later and shit. I was living way below my means. But I was making millions. But I was living below my means. Why do you do that? Because if you want to get rich, this is what you have to do. You have to make more money than you spend in best a different. It's really just a math problem. If you do that over long enough period of time, you will get rich and it's the only way. But if you're on the fast track to get a job that paid you millions, that was to get you probably wouldn't be watching this video. You're a regular dude like me. Now, the very first thing is once you start tracking every dollar, you can cut the bullshit. Cut the subscriptions you don't need. Cut the services you don't need. And it really put a cap on what you've spent it. Tracking will help you get a clearer understanding of what you can cut. Because you can probably cut a lot of things without it affecting your life. I'm not telling you to impose a lot of austerity into your life. Make your own coffee and clip coupons or some shit like that. I'm just telling you to cut the bullshit and don't increase your standard of living. Then the next thing we need to start doing, hey yourself first. I highly recommend. I highly recommend that you invest 50% of your income. Save an invest 50% of your income. First of all, you got to start making more. You want to cut expenses, live below our means. We're going to start making more later, right? But whatever you can afford, start setting the side to invest. Now, what are you going to invest in? There's three areas, either your own business. If you got that or if you want to start that, that's going to give you the highest return. All right? But it's the riskiest. The less risky options are real estate and the stock market. And with the crypto in there, it's very important. Because that's the only way you get rich. It's the only way to get rich. You have to make more than you spend in investing. So I'm going to say that maybe two, three thousand times during this video. Whatever you can't say, start with 10%, but the goal is we want to get it to investing 50%. We're going to have to make more first. But the very first thing is just be more disciplined. Now, we want to make more, but then make more. That's what we're going to have to work more. So my focus would be like, don't work harder, work smarter. Listen, only rich nicus can work smarter. Broke my focus can't work smarter. They think they're not smarter. That's why they broke. We want to have to work harder first. So we're going to talk about work habits. The very first thing we want to start doing is we want to work 80 hours a week. You may be thinking, I don't have time for that. If you got kids, maybe not, maybe you don't. You just do want to work at capacity, whatever it is. If you don't have kids, then you can't. But focus be like, man, I want to just spend time with my family, my family's most important. And then I find out these motherfuckers don't have kids. I'm like, yeah, you talking about your fucking spend time with your mommy? You want to don't, man. Top of you to leave the mess. Dip shit. All right, 80 hours a week. Now, you may be thinking, how to act Brandon, but Brandon, mean, no say, how do I do that? Well, check it out. There's 168 hours in every week. If you sleep, 8 hours a night, that's 56 hours. 112 hours left. If we work for 80 of those 112 hours, we're still left with 32 hours. Right? You're going to fucking go kiss your mama, whatever the fuck you was talking about. Do whatever the fuck you want with those 32 hours. But some asshole is going to say, what about sleep and cleaning, eating, fucking shower and listening, if you win the fucking bathroom, 30 hours a week more than that, you got problems that are beyond a scope of anything. I can talk about in this video. May you need help, brother. And yeah, you do got to eat. You do got to do chores. In order to say, beginning to know who else got to eat, that family you was crying about before. I bet my house that they like eating food just as much as you do. So y'all can do that shit together. Oh, you need to clean the house. Oh, family activity. We clean in the house together. You need to go to grocery shop. I used to like going grocery shopping with my mom when I was a kid. I listed the ride in the carton shit. It kids love it, man. Do all that shit with the fucking family who's crying about spending a much time with. But the kids, we need to work 80 hours a week. Why are we working so much? Because we want to get rich. If you just want to buck and make a little bit more money, I'm sorry for wasting your time. I tried to take you to stop watching this video earlier. If you want to accomplish some things that other people have not accomplished, you're probably going to have to do some shit. The other motherfuckers are not willing to do. If you're not willing to do it, guess what? You will remain banished from the ranks of the wealthy indefinitely. I have not met a motherfucker who's a millionaire who did not work 80 hours a week at some point. This is how we get better to other people. We do shit. They're not willing to do. To help you out with this, we're going to have to use time management. I have whole videos about how you need to use Google Calendar and plan out every hour of every day because that's how you squeeze more success out of life. You look at my calendar. Check this shit out. I got every hour of every day planned out, baby. I say you squeeze more success out of each day. Promise if you start doing that, you will notice, man, I got way more time. And you'll notice how much fucking time be released. Just like when people start tracking every dollar they spend, they see how much fucking money they're wasting. We won't see how much time we're wasting. And times I'm most valuable asset, we need to start planning every hour of every day in our calendar. How do you get 80 hours of work? Maybe you can't do that at your job. Okay, man. Maybe get a fucking another job. You know my story, I don't have to tell it again, but I will have four jobs at one point. I was working 12, 14 hours days, seven days week for two years. Guess what? I wasn't broke no more. And you can do so it. We're about burnout. Burnout comes from stress, not from activity. You see children, they'll play all fucking day, man. But then they'll sleep or whatever, but it's like, they're not burnt out. And now the next thing we need to do, we need to focus on hourly rate, hourly rate. That this is a little bit more sophisticated. But this is something I started doing when I was working on those hours. Yeah, yeah, I still ate food. I still had to make sure my dwelling was clean and my clothes got washed. But this is what I did. I realized, let's say you got your own business. Some of you doing, you're doing pretty well for a second. You're making $100 an hour. That's when you're working, you make $100 an hour. Now let's say to clean your house, it takes an hour. Let's say you smile, small plus. It says clean house. It takes one hour. Cleaning your house costs $50 an hour. Instead of paying an immigrant to clean your house for $50, you say, hey, man, I'm going to save somebody, do it myself. How much money did you save? Guess what, asshole? If you said 50, that's why you pours. Good thing you came to this fucking video. You did not save $50. You lost $50. Right? Because if you just paid this mother fucking to do this shit and you weren't to do it in that time, you wouldn't net 50 bucks. You bought yourself an hour. You made more money working during that hour than you spent to get that hour back. You made you, you made 50 bucks. And so if you didn't do it, you decided to do it yourself. You lose 50 bucks. For me, once I was making some money, especially with my business or even when I was working, right? I would just have food delivered. The grocery is delivered. Instead of fucking going to the, in the car, driving at a grocery store, buying a shit, packing it up, taking it home, unpacking, and like, no, man, just have delivered. And I started using paper and plastic. What about the environment? You're just sucking my dick, man. Classic, gifts for cycle and fucking papers bio degradable. Eat a dick, recycle these nuts. My fucking focus on your hourly rate. Right? I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't do it. No dishes, still to this day, I don't do that shit. At the food delivered, I have my laundry done and I work during that time. Yes, what I made more money. And how do you get rich? You made more than you spent and invest the difference. Who's was happening? Oh, guess what? I'm making more than I spend. And then I invest the difference. Right? This is how you get rich, man. You're not on your hourly rate. So any fucking low value shit you can do, loud, especially the message that once you can afford it, are you start paying other people to do it and then you work during that time. Make more fucking money, man. And we got to set clear goals. Now when I say set goals, I mean, set no goals with a game plan, mapping out each step of the plan and then putting a deadline on each step. And in the description, there's something called the Victory Vision planner, which really breaks down how you can really structure your goals. Basically a goal set in template is free. It's a notion template that I've used for years. But I'm giving it to you guys for free. And a lot of people I've coached have used it with a great success. Now you may not know how to accomplish that goal. No problem. That's where the next step is. Knowledge acquisition. So you may have to start reading. You may have to figure out what your goals are. You may have to study. That may be a combined some courses. It may be reading books. And maybe fucking watching YouTube videos, whatever. Whatever it means for you, maybe taking online classes on the college. Right? Depends on what your goals are. Somebody has figured out how to do what you're trying to do. And you need to mother fucking pay them to teach you how. Now you could get the free information offline. That's cool. For me, anytime I want to learn something, I find someone who I can pay to teach me. It's worked out really well for me. But do what you can. If you can't afford that, then don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can't do. You can just tons of fucking information online. Tons of great videos online. You're watching what. You don't know how to do it. You need to figure it out some way. And you're just going to take some study and some capacity. The next thing you need to do this is let's say you can't know the plan, but you need to still, you need to study trends. I'm telling you a story about this. So when I was first really trying to get my YouTube started, I was making two videos a day. Now my U.S. still had jobs, right? I used my calendar. So I was able to find more time than a ball time by paying local immigrants to deliver my food, clean my home and do my laundry. I don't mean that in a negative way, man. Immigrants are hardworking people, man. Work harder and a lot of fucking lazy as natural or boring citizens. So I was able to do two videos a day while working these other jobs. But I was still studying, studying the trends. And I don't know this is a thing anymore, but it was called blogs. Back in the day. And if you had what's called a RSS fee and you can import the blogs into your RSS fee, then it was kind of like a timeline or blog post. And I had a bunch of tech blogs in mind, because I wanted to see what was going to happen in our industry, right? And the tech industry. And I saw article about how Facebook was going to go real hard to push video on a platform. And it mentioned that videos was going to get more reached in pictures. And I was like, well, shit, I'm making all these videos for you too. What if I just started uploading these workout videos to Facebook? And I started doing that shit. My Facebook grew up blew up to over half a million, because it was getting so much reach. And I was one of the only people posting videos on that shit at the time. This is obviously like a long time ago. And my shit blew up. And I was able to make a lot of money off it at. So it's Facebook was more popular back then too. I think it was before Instagram, it came out. Because I spotted that trend. I was able to make a whole bunch of money. And I would have missed that if I didn't see it earlier this year. I just noticed everywhere I go, I would see people drinking Celsius. You know, every gym I was in, I saw people drinking Celsius. It seemed like they were spinning a lot of money. I saw that trend. So I said, man, I wonder what they're. Are they publicly traded? Come on, he was like, oh, they are. Right. And then I looked at the chart. And I saw, oh, shit is right at some resistance. Maybe if it breaks past this, you also want me talking about it on the podcast. I was like, oh, I'm going all in on Celsius. And I rolled this way. I was focused on the trends. I saw this move that went up 143% over the course of a few months. And then it fucking shit to be it. But I called the fucking wave. It's what I was trying to say. Right. And just like nothing last forever. Just like the Facebook thing doesn't last forever. But I called the wave because I studied the trends. Not only do you need to study how to do your thing, but you've got to study the trends. And one thing you do, one thing you do need to do. I don't care what your goals are. You need to learn sales. You've got to learn sales. Like if you're trying to get rich, you have to learn sales. I don't care what you do. Everybody sells. Even if you just want to be entrepreneur, you're going to have to sell somebody else up. You're going to sell customers. You're going to have to sell business partners. You're going to have to sell at some point. So there's no version of reality where learning sales won't help you make more money. But these are the things you need to do as far as knowledge and concern is concern. I know that if you do these things, you will be well on your path to accomplishing your goals in 2025. And when it comes to studying, if you're trying to be an online trainer, that's something that I know a lot about. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training that it shows you exactly how to do it. Even if you not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big following, that ebook will put you on the right path and show you how to you can actually grow your following, get more clients and how you can train them online so they get good results. In fact, I've seen online trainers get way better results for their online clients and most of the person trainers can get further in-person clients. And I explained how in the book, it's 100% free. You can get it. You can download it for free. That's how I made my first million online training. I'm well suited to teach you guys how to do it. And I'm doing it for free in that ebook. So download that now.

=== FILE: This $400 Book Will Make You Rich [jBVjfaqkxsc].txt ===

One of the greatest marketing books of all time is breakthrough advertising by the homie Eugene Swartz. If you try to buy it off the Amazon, it's gonna cost you about $200 back in the days. I could have bought a Gucci belt, but instead of getting that Gucci belt, I bought breakthrough advertising. And I wanna break down the most important part of this book so you ain't gotta spend a 100 on it. If you're out here, ball it, and you wanna spend $400 on a book, the link is in the description. So I've heard about this book, because one of my mentors is doing a Mac Delante. He helped me grow my first million dollar business and I asked him, man, what's your favorite book? I know you read a lot, he said. Without hesitation, he said, break the waiver, charging by Eugene Swartz. And Matt is one of the best marketers I've ever met. He was, Elliott Holtz's business partner when he was building his business. And he's went on to build a supplement company called Biooptimizers, last year they did $50 million in gross revenue. I'm gonna break down the part of this book that I feel like most valuable for me. And I'm gonna show you how I used it in my business. And how you can use it in your business to make more money. So my favorite part is the book is when you with Naomi Eugene talked about the levels of market awareness. Listen, my handwriting is not the best. Don't worry about that. You take your own notes and make it legible on your end. Also, if I spell a word wrong, you gotta remember, I was diagnosed with dyslexia as a kid. So if you make fun of me for it, that's a hate crime. Levels of market awareness. And the home Eugene, he said there was five levels. So the first level is unaware. These people don't know nothing. This is the most challenging group the market to, right? They're unaware of the problem, right? And when I say the problem, every business solves a problem. I needed a microphone that I can talk into that would pick up my voice clearly, but would not pick up any other sounds in the room and sure solve that problem with this SM50. So basically, if you don't, they're not even aware of a problem that they have. They don't even know that they need a solution. They don't know they have a problem and they are not aware of the solution. For example, let's say you get in the Uber. This dude is musty. He's stinking. In the armpits, you don't even know he's stinking, right? They would be that person. He's unaware that he's stinking. And if you were the older in company, this motherfucking don't even know that there's a solution to it because he don't even know what the problem is. And now I gotta give him a one-star review. And then Uber's gonna text me and say, hey, can't get all that up in, man. You usually get five stars and it's like, yo, man, I had to have the windows all the way down, man. And I had my head hanging out and it like I was a motherfucking pet dog, one star. He was unaware. We're gonna talk about how to market him over here. The next level of market awareness, problem aware. These people, they realize they have a problem, but they aren't aware that a solution exists. They realize they have a problem. Don't know what solution exists. For example, we're about to come out with this product called thought repellent. A lot of guys they have a problem is like, man, all these girls that I meet, a lot of them is like thoughts or skinks or skis. It's right? They don't know that there is a way to solve that problem. That's why we're coming out with thought repellent, right? You spray it on either of these, because you're like a force field, skates, and holes can't get close to you. It's not out yet. I mean, they're weird to problem. They don't know that. They don't even know that it's a solution. Brandon Carter's gonna save the day again. And then we have solution aware. Now, these guys, they know they have a problem, and they know a solution exists, but they're not familiar with your solution. So maybe, for example, with the thought repellent, they might know that there is a way to repel thoughts, but they don't know that there's an easy to apply spray that's coming to the market. Then we have product aware. So basically, they know about your product, but they aren't sure if it's the right choice for them. They know about your product, but they're not sure if it's right for them. They're just not sure yet. It's kind of like, let's say you're trying to talk to this girl. She likes having sex with guys. She's a heterosexual, and she knows that you have a penis, but she's not sure if that's the right one. For her and her goals, then we have most aware. So these people, basically, they know all about the product. This doesn't mean they're ready to buy, but they're totally familiar with it, right? Most of where, know all about the product. Doesn't mean that they're a customer. It just means they're all aware of it. Like I know a lot about NBA Young Boy, the rapper, but I have never willingly download the name of this music all they're trying to get. Me and their 40s to listen to his music. But I know a lot about that fella for whatever reason. I'm most aware, but I'm not necessarily consumer yet, right? So this line will show you the details about these people. Now I want to talk about how to market to them. Before I feel this out, this column out of how to market, I want to kind of break this down a little better, and I want to label these, right? I'm going to call this level five, level six. I mean, I'm sorry, level four, level three, level two, level one. We want to teach people how to grow their own life, fitness business. You know, we, we help a lot of people who don't have a big following. That's the majority of our students, and we have them become successful. Everyone's the one we get somebody who has a nice size following. Maybe like 10, 20,000 followers, right? And what they notice is immediately, when they start marketing, those people, it's almost easy for them to make money. And the reason why is because there's a bunch of people who are here, what I call, what we will call level one, who are already following them. And there's a lot of them. A lot of people here in their level one, but what they realize, it keeps getting more difficult. So you got the people, and this is not a nipple, but you know, now that I think about it, we're going to call this the marketing nipple. But there's a lot of people in the level one, and you lick them, right? So these people are here, most of where. These are pretty, your hideous leads. And then, there's a lot of people in this level two and three. So level two and three, this is the outer ring, the areaola of the marketing titty. So level two is in the areaola. These are the warm, right? They know about your product, but they don't know, they don't know what's up. Then you have people, they know there is a solution, but they don't know about yours. And then they go here. Now it looks kind of like a clown, titty, or a smurf titty. This is basically the smurf marketing nitty. They don't teach you this in business school. And then everyone else is in four and five. Now the key is when you get these influencers, or these people who have like, you know, a nice ass following, it's easy to sell to these people, level one, right in the nipple. It's not as easy to sell to the people in the areaola, level two, right? And it's more difficult to sell to the people in level three. And in the level four and five, they're not even fucking on that shit right now. So what happens is a lot of influencers, they'll get mad, they'll get the, and we made a whole bunch of money at first. And then it's like, man, now it's difficult. So easy at first, well, like now you gotta go marketing these people. I tell them, now your job is to get people from level four and five into your ecosystem. And you gotta move them through the levels that that makes sense. And you gotta keep moving people down the customer journey. To market to the unaware, to level five, your advertising should be highly educational, educational content. So you need to teach them and show them that there's a problem. They don't even notice the problem. You'll see politicians do this, but they'll make problems up. They're like literally make shit up, right? And they'll make up problems. Because that it's easier to solve a, make believe problem than it is to solve a real problem. We can't do that because we have to actually sell something. So educational content works best for online trainers. What I tell them is that hey, may you make educational content. And what that does is that starts to bring people into your universe because people start sharing it. And then they see it in their friends, share it. One of our students who had the most successful with this recently was a Korean Armstrong. He's the reason on every fitness video people are typing such as making big as hell. Because he started that trend, I guess. And Cory, he started putting out lots of educational content. Really what that does is that moves people into his ecosystem. And moves people into his market in Smurf Teddy. And then the more they get up, the more of it, they get, the more they start moving towards the nipple. And then eventually he can milk. But you know, I know last year, Cory made $400,000. From his online fitness business, but this was a big part of the strategy. That's outreaching to the unaware with educational content. And that's how he grew his following. We taught him how to make educational content. He started putting it on shorts. He started putting it on IG Live, TikTok. The Titi got bigger because it was more consumers in his Smurf market in Titi. For the problem aware, what you want to do is, you went to educate them about their problem. So this is like general education. Boom, you know, this is general education about their problem. And I'm going to show you some examples of this. Matter of fact, I'm going to show you one example from Cory right now. Let me bring it up. Here's some educational problem for the unaware from Cory. I think this has to never apply to again, part two. Let's say you've been progressing with your reps, your sets, and your weight, and you've hit a wall. You're not making any type of gains. You're not seeing any progress. Try high frequency training. All right. So what he's doing, this is more like level four marketer because he's talking about a problem that his, his target market actually has their problem where they know they have a problem. And one of the problems he's saying is they hit flat toes. So he's going to show them how to solve that problem. So this is a good example of education about their problem. I frequency training is basically emphasizing training any muscle group multiple days a week. So if you do this properly, you'll be able to maximize your gains. And the key is to change the amount of intensity you train with. Let me give you an example. So that's how I really want to build my bike set. So but he's going to give you like examples of it, right? So this is this is a problem aware content in marketing. Oh, that makes sense. Now let's go back to solution aware. You want to focus on how your product solves that problem. Moving people up the pyramid or you can look at it like we're moving people into our smart marketing team. You however you want to look at it, whatever makes the most sense for you. And let's go to another example from Corey of how that works. All right. So get ripped on the go. Here's how to get ripped on the go. I noticed because you know, of course, I talked to Corey all the time because you know, he's in our program, how to get trainer basically taught him this style of marketing. And so he knows that he's going to be a good guy. And he's going to style the marketing. And so he knows that he told me that a lot of his clients or the people he trains, they're like busy, they're professionals. So they're running around doing shit. And he says that traveling is one thing. They're really throws them off. Right. So what he's doing is he's addressing the problem that one of the problems he knows they have and number four. But now he's going to he's going to address it. But at the end he's going to watch. He's going to go into how his solution can help him solve that problem. Now what does this this and this should have in common? They all keep you big as hell. Stay away from him. If you want to go and do these things as they're one thing I tell my clients to do all the time. He's bringing in his solution now. So this is like level three marketing because he wants to bring him up to his product. I'm his when you're on the go the main thing you should be looking for is getting more protein in. So we're talking different types of protein bars. One good brand that's out there is the barbell protein bars. This thing got 20 grams of carbs and 20 grams of protein only seven grams of total fat, which is really good because it'll keep you nice and satiated without killing all your carbs and fast for the day. Another good option would be to cliff's builders bar. Not as good as the other one but it's okay. Another thing I like to do is grab a few protein shakes and I actually like to combine these with one of my favorite protein bars. The lany and larys he's talking. We're just going through the groceries and shit. You know, but watch what he does at the end. Cookie five bar. You see this thing got 24 brands of protein. This right here is 42. So you get in well over 60 grams if you just put these in. Basically it's all focused on education. I think that's the best way to market a product that you're trying to sell. Because you know, you see a lot of fucking influencers doing clown shit, changing clothes with their girlfriends or a motherfucking doing skits with their girlfriends. That ain't gonna get your no clients, right? It's maybe entertaining, making sure to views, but he's actually helping people. And that's one thing we stress with our clients is make content that actually helps people. All right. And this is one reason why Corey so successful. Heather, make a whole meal of it. You can also get your some meat sticks. You only get a minute on YouTube shorts on the Instagram version. I'm not gonna go pull that shit up. He says, hey, and this is how I help my clients stay in shape when they're on the go. I give them a meal plan in different options of things to eat that they can find anywhere to add and that's why my clients give such great shape. So he talks about his solution. All right. So he started kind of like this for then he moved up here. He was like, you know what I'm saying? And then with level two, all right. So they know you, they know about your shit, you know, again, they don't know if it's right for them. So you need to emphasize the unique benefits of your product versus the competitors. This is where a lot of fitness influencers mess up. And these tactics were for any industry. My main thing is that teach people to grow online fitness businesses. You don't have to talk about competitors. I usually don't. Here's where you want to start adding testimonials. Case studies. And the goal of this is to bring them from level two from the Yeritha straight to the Nipple and in a dating time test. This would be like, okay, there's a girl she's product aware, right? She wants a man and she knows your man and you have a penis and but she's not sure if you're right for her. This is when you send the dick pick. Now I'm just joking. But check this out. Awesome. Real shit. Eddie guy knows what happens when you start when you get a girlfriend. What do all the other girls do? Yeah. It's a testimonial. It's like an Amazon review. Then all of a sudden girls are interested in you. It's a flaw in the design. It's the same thing. When they see the testimonials, they'll want you. You want to see this when you see testimonials. See them saying. And you want to move them from the Yeritha to the Nipple. All right, or up the pyramid. And then the most aware, most aware. These are people who they're aware, but they're just on the sidelines for whatever reason. So here you can be like super direct. You know, this is sometimes you can have like sales. I tell my own not fitness students to never put you shit on sale because like the lambs don't be on sale. You know, Apple products don't go on sale. Even on black Friday. Sales and sales of work is some sort of promo. But it really just clear call the actions. Call the actions like hey man, do something. I mean clear CT it. You could be more direct with them. And this is really how you move people up. A ladder or through your smurf market entity. I'm going to give you a bonus tip for this to work. You have to really know your audience. This is why I teach my own not fitness clients to make sure they have a niche. And when I say a niche, I mean you got to make a self different. Who are you marketing into? What problem you trying to solve for them? All right, because remember you got to solve a problem. That'd be a problem. And how you're going to solve that problem is very important. So we helped them craft their niche. For example, the quarry, he says he's going to focus on young men. You know, men in like the 20s and 30s. Like around that age, right? He's a good enough trainer to train men and women. You know, when I went when I first met him when he first joined my program, he was in living in Detroit. I know girls, right? Training gang members, girlfriends and shit, you know, chicks with tattoos. But just because you can train everybody. This is me. You can market anyone, right? All this market is specific to a certain type of guy. A young man, a young professional man, right? Around 20, we call it a 25 to 35. And the reason we'd like to pick a 10 year age gap is because if we went to 45, 45 year old and the 25 year old is too far away. Like the way they're thinking about problems. The reasons they want to get in shape is just different. Like I'm 42. The way I thought that 22 is way different than the way I think that. All right? So you try to keep a 10 year age gap because the market is going to be different. As you can see from my smart marketing, I'm like way more mature now. All right? And then what problem you want to solve for them? He focuses on what I used to focus on when I was on the training is men who want to get ripped. Right? So he's not going to tell you how to fucking get better at your sport. He's not going to talk about how to be a pro body builder, how to be a power lifter. He's just focusing on one problem. He wants to help them solve, right? Because there's a lot of problems within that problem. And then how he does it, Corey does it. It's kind of a mix of if it fits your macros in a minifasting. Kind of a mix of that. Now he stands out a little bit. Now he's not competing with every fitness guy or every fitness girl in the world. He's competing with just the people who focus on training young men who want to get ripped. Not the people who want any other goal. And then if it fits your macros in an intermittent fasting, right? So cool. Now he can craft every layer of his marketing around this. So if you go to his content, it's all talking to this guy. The thing is if you're just a trainer, now you got to talk about how to get it bigger, but you got to talk for chicks. You got to talk about what to do with you over 800 pounds. How to be a power lifter. It's too much shit. So your content will be all over the place and that it won't penetrate. Right? Corey's become especially. So when this guy who wants to solve this problem, when this method finds Corey what they want to see is. Fucking hundreds, it's not thousands of pieces of content that help him solve his problem. They tell him about his solution and then show him the product that will solve his problem. So when that guy sees another trainer who's trying to solve every problem for everybody, he can't compete with Corey. That's why Corey made close to half a million dollars last year. He was one of our most successful students. It's all based around this. Listen, if you guys want to learn how to grow your online fitness business, who I have a free ebook called The Tank Command, Mr. von Laundrainant, go ahead and click the link in the description. Check it out now.

=== FILE: This Book Made Me RICH (Youre Missing Out) [ZEu0O9Ahbww].txt ===

In 2020, when we were all on lockdown, I decided I wanted to learn a new skill, and that skill was traded, both swing trading and day trading. And I am the only person I know who was a profitable day trader in their first year. One of the reasons I was able to be profitable my first year of trading was because of this book. It's called trading in the zone. I read this book, I don't know about 20 times that year. Because this is not just a book about trading. This book can be applied to life in general. This is really one of my favorite books. I actually become a pretty good trader. I try a few districts. Now with my own money, I have a prop firm. And I have 20 funded accounts. I have 150,000 dollars to trade with each account. And the prop firm is called apex. This is just yesterday, man. I made about $1,000 each account. Now that's gonna be five years that you get in as a due to the shit consistently. But I've been making a lot of money trading. I want to break down this book for you. If you want to check out yourself, there's also a link in the description. The main point at this book is not any trade in strategy. It didn't talk about trend lines. He didn't talk about how to trade. He teaches how to think. And these lessons can be applied to anything. The author Mike Mark Douglas. He says that trading is more about psychology than it is about the system. The consistently trade profitably. You gotta have emotional discipline and an understanding of probabilities. So this is a mental game. Marx says one of the main reasons why most traders are not profitable. In fact, I think statistically 90% of the traders do all their money. Very low odds is because they can't handle the psychological pressures in an uncertainty. Emotions like fear, fear of being wrong, or fear of missing out. Effect your ability to execute whatever strategy you have. What's worse is overconfidence. Like overconfidence can be dangerous too. This leads to self-ciabatized hesitation, reckless behavior, and inconsistent results. Here's the thing about trend. Let's say you have some sort of edge. Some sort of strategy to get you in edge. When you're trading, you usually trade. You're really guessing that something is going to go up. Or is going to go down. Right? That's what you're placing the bets. Theoretically you have a 50% chance of being right. Like a little bit of a coin. To be profitable trader, you only need to be right. 51% of the time. Almost any strategy you will work is the emotional part where people fuck up. This five fundamental truths that Marx says you need to understand about trading. 1. Anything can happen. The market is unpredictable. Any trade can lose. And you need to accept this. And free yourself of the need to be right. But one of the things that helped me be successful is like I'm not trying to be right. I'm trying to execute my plan. And that is needed to be right more than I'm wrong. If your strategy has a real edge, all you have to do is execute it perfectly. And it was fucked up about trading. Is you can do the wrong thing. You can break your rules and deviate from your strategy and still win. Because you got rewarded. But don't watch them. Not supposed to do. Now you're not going to do the thing you're supposed to do. Because you just got rewarded for it. So you can do the wrong thing and be right. You can do the right thing and be wrong. That's the fucked up thing about trading. But it's also like that in a life too, right? And another thing, Marx says you don't need to know what happens next. You just need to focus on your statistical edge over a series of trades. So it's really about being right more often, not always. You just need to be correct more than you're incorrect. You want to lose sometimes. And that's fine. Nothing more goes to his debt that the market is random. There's a random assortment of wins and losses. Wins and losses are random in the short term. And a losing streak doesn't mean your strategy is broken. So I think a lot of times people will go through one of these losing streaks and they'll abandon their strategy. Or they start looking for other strategies. For me, I've been sticking with the same strategy the whole five years. So people will tell me the other strategy. This is working for me. This is where it means like, yeah, I believe you. But I'm not trying to learn your shit. The homey Bruce Lee said, when I scared of the man who's mastered 10,000 kicks, I'm scared of the man who practiced one kick 10,000 times. So I just practiced one strategy over and over again. And when I say practices and other reason while I was profitable my first here, I did over 200 hours assimilated trading before I put any money on. So I went through the wins and losses and all this stuff unemotionally. And I really mastered my strategy. And I'll give you some more tips on how I became profitable my first year towards the end of this video. And then the next thing, Mars is this, and Edge is just a higher probability. But it's not a guarantee for any single trade that you had to focus on long term. And this is just like a good life lesson. Sometimes you'll be wrong. But it doesn't mean that you are a fuck up or even what you did was wrong. It's like sometimes it just doesn't work out. But you don't want to focus on a sample size of one. You want to see what's happening over a long period of time. Then you'll see if your Edge is really working. Or if you're good at executing that edge. You can win or lose any trade even if you do everything right over a series of trades. Over a series over a long period of time. Are you winning more than you're losing? And then another thing, Mars says is every moment in the market is unique. So don't let past emotional experience influence your current decisions. See the market objectively. So I see this a lot with people trading like the losing. And then I'll start what we call revenge trading. And then I want to get back into it and win and then they, you know, not in that area of emotions if taking control. But the market didn't do anything to you. The market is random. So you just have to look at it like as organized chaos. Your job is to snipe the right moves. It's very difficult for people to understand because in the moment emotions get involved. I want you to think about a casino. In the casino, if you're playing like a lot of the games, you have the same odds of winning as the dealer or the house. That is going to fall the way for all cards. That's going to be randomly distributed. The casino doesn't need to win every hand to be profitable. They can lose a bunch of hands. And as a still repropyl, the thing is that the dealer is going to do the same thing every time. The dealer is not emotional about it. The dealer don't give a fuck. Why have these weights really goes to this all worse so we can go to fuck home. But the players are emotional so they're doing emotional shit. And that's why the house wins all the time. Now you have to be able to act as an unemotionally as possible. Thinking probabilities. Accept the risk. This is one thing that really stuck with me in this book. So when you make a trade, you have to think about how much you're going to risk. All right, how much you want to lose and you can do this with your style blows. How much are you willing to lose on this trade? And then really accept the risk. And what he means by accept the risk is if you really accept it and you're not emotional about it. I'm capable of losing $100 here. Because if you're all emotional and antsy and you're like, if you're tripping, oh, you didn't really accept that risk. Like, on a deep level, you didn't accept that you could really lose that money. You put that bed down. Hoping you didn't lose the money. What Marry talks about in the book is put it down like, hey, man, that money's gone. Another thing Marry point out is to actually take responsibility for your own results. Whether it's good or bad, he says never blame external factors. But other market did this. The market didn't do nothing. The market don't even know you, only. This was you. All you can control is your performance. That's just a real life lesson. All right, you can never control other people. You can never control outside circumstances. You can only control your performance. And you gotta take responsibility for your performance. And understand that you can do everything right. And still, not get the outcome coming you wanted. But the key for success and training and in life is to get more positive outcomes than negative ones. And if you're going to take a risk, you gotta accept the risk. And if you can't really accept the risk, then don't take it. The main thing I really got from this book is really important to control your emotional state. It's probably the most important thing in training. It's a B.S. Congress possible. So a few other things that helped me become profitable my first year was one. I did 200 hours of practice on my strategy before I put any money down. Down low in historical data and going through like just days and days and days. You know Malcolm Gladwell in his book, Outliers, is that you need 10,000 hours to be at experts. I wanted to best in the world. But most of us don't need to be the best in the world as something. To be profitable or to make money. I think 100 hours makes you good at something. If you ever any of you are a played instrument, you know if you practice an hour a day for 90 days, you'll be like, okay, not great, but okay. But the more hours you get, you know, a thousand makes you like really good. A thousand hours makes you really good. Now I have like over a thousand hours of bachelor trade. That 200 hours it made me like, okay, I'm good. I'm decent, I'm proficient. But if you start that with your own money man, this is why people lose their money. Nothing to help me is I've been meditating twice a day. 250 million sessions a day were like 15 years. This is a study done by Howard V. University the after it. Just eight weeks of meditation. The party will bring called the Immigna. The starts to shrink and that's where a fighter flight, fear and shit comes from. You're bringing produces those chemicals. Those neurochemicals that cause those emotions. And that's where you're produced and that made the, that part of your brain starts to shrink, it starts to atrophy, right? So I'm just calmer than the average motherfucking. Not because I'm special just because I've been meditating for like 15 years. That's really else if you're trying to get good at trading. Another thing that helped me, it wasn't my only way to make money. Like I was making money doing some meals. Because I think it would be difficult for me to become and less I'm an emotional if I was dependent on that money to survive. It would be too important. But if I think about it like extra money like a hobby, it's easier for me to become. I always keep making extra money. I never want to rely on this even though like I made 20 grand doing the yesterday. That doesn't mean that man, I better just stop everything and just do this. Fuck no. If I stop everything and just do this, then this becomes too important. Now my son's education and food is dependent on how well I trade. Then I really give a fuck when I train and it's going to be difficult for me to be unemotional about it. One more thing I did, I only trade one instrument. I know some traders who trade other stuff profitably, multiple instruments. But for me man, my first year was S&P 100 futures, right? S&P now I trade in queue futures, right? Nazdeck, we're just because I like the way it moves. But when you trade the same instrument over and over, you get hours of practicing the same one. You kind of start to understand how it moves. Because different instruments move different ways. Like if I started to trade in a different stock or different future or start doing options or something, they move differently. Like when you have sex with someone over and over again, you just start to learn each other's bodies. And a lot of times the sex becomes a lot better because you understand each other better. It's the same thing with trading the same instrument over and over and you start to understand it. That doesn't mean it won't do anything crazy. Anything can happen. You gotta be ready for anything at any moment. You know, trading the same instrument over and over again really helps. So I would say that get $200 a practice on the same instrument. Focus on one strategy. Don't try to look fucking learned different strategies. Don't try to learn a bunch of different tactics because it's infinite amounts of strategies. I really start meditating, man. The best strategy won't work if you're too emotional. Meditating makes you more even killed emotionally. Those would be more main advice. Every this book, man. This book is not even bad. It's not even just about trading. You can substitute the word trading for anything. And this book, I mean, is just good advice. One of my favorite books, not just on trading but just books in general. Check it out. Links in the description. Thank you.

=== FILE: This Book Will Make You Successful In Your 20s [McFVu-DOzAw].txt ===

In this video on a breakdown one of my favorite books one of the books that's been most influential to me in my life. I read about two books a week on average over the last one years, and this is one of the first books that let me down this path. I was in my dad's office when I was younger. I was like 17. I was about to graduate from high school and I was about to go to college to Howard University. I was just chilling with my dad in his office and he had this bookshelf for books he never read. He didn't read. He was like a real street dude. They just figured out a way to make some money here. And I saw this book on a waking that giant within by Thony Robbins. And I was like, yo, dad, can I read this? He said, mate, you have it. I didn't read that. I was like, cool. Then books are just decoration for him. I read the books behind me, but you know, so it's all good and they're different shit. I read the book and it really changed my life. It changed the way that I looked at the world. I'm a different person before I read this book. And this is probably the book that I've given away most of the people. I asked for a gift or books that I think were helping them. So a waking that giant within by Thony Robbins. This book is broken down into about 11 different sections. But I'm only going to cover the ones that were most impacted with me. I suggest you actually read the whole book. Do not get the audio book. The audio book is trash. Thony should be ashamed himself. Right? Because the audio book is in a bridge version of it. It's not even the same content. But do not get the audio book as a scam. It's not the same shit. You gotta get the physical book. So check this out. The first part, Thony was talking about the power of decisions. And he really broke down with decisions are. So a lot of the times people say they want to do something or they're trying to do something. I hate that. I don't let people around me say try. They say, man, I'm trying to do this. Like what the fuck is you a fucking tribe baby? I am my students who are coach. How to build all our business business. One, two, say, yeah, I'm trying to get more leads. I said, you what? He said, I'm trying to what? We don't use that propensity around here. We don't use the T-word. We not tribe babies. He said he's trying to get more leads. Like, no, you need to decide to get more leads. This is a difference between trying to do something like a bitch. And saying, oh, I'm going to do this. No matter what. The difference between setting the standard and just wanting something. What Tony says is, you don't get what you want. You only get what you have to have. Right? So you got to make a decision. It has to be a must. Not something you just want. So some people just want to be successful. They just want to accomplish their goals. Right? No, you got to make it a must. It's got to be mandatory because you will not rise to your ambition. You will fall to your standards. Your life is actually a reflection of your standards. The life you're living. If you live in a first world country, right? If you live in some shit country where you got to walk like eight miles for water and then not get it, you got some different problems, man. But you probably now spending your time watching YouTube videos, man. You got to get water, Nicky. Right? But if you live in a first world country, your life is a reflection of your standards. If you had to get more money. If you had to accomplish your goals, you would do it. You would be able to accomplish. Think about all the goals that you set for yourself that you did not accomplish. Where they things you wanted or they things you had to have. I know that answer because if you had to have it, you made a real decision and you would have those things. Because you would put in a different kind of effort. And I learned just when my father killed himself when I was 24. And I was in a position where I had to take care of the family, the fucking young man. And I was like, fuck, now I got to take care of my whole family. I got to let my dad and the financial mess I had to help my mother with. I had to help my sister, her son. And I had to grandma. It was all along me instantly. Think about, ah, you know, my dad didn't have no insurance policies because you can't kill yourself and get insurance. Sorry, you know, like, that's a clause because it was a must for me at that point. That's what I got serious about life. I started waking up before him, training people in the morning, showering at the gym and go, then I went to the protestor and worked 12 hours at security guard at the protestor. After that, I went from my boys moving company. And on the weekends, I trained people and then worked them by boys barbecue restaurant and queens and the story queens for the rest of the day. And these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week. I did that for the first two years in my father killed himself. And I helped dig my family out of this struggle. But it had become a must. I had to make money. And this was during the recession or oh wait, it was during the recession or oh wait. So nobody was high. I have a college degree. Nobody was high and we had record levels of unemployment. Level, they had never been that high since the depression. It was a must. But I remember what I learned in this book. It's like when it's a must and it kind of really made sense to me that a decision is different than a good idea or a decision is different than something you want or something you're trying to do. Got to decide. And when I look at other things and I'm like, I mean, I didn't want to get a million YouTube subscribers. I decide it was a decision. It was a must. I made sure it had to try to get a million Instagram followers. I made a decision. It was a must. I was just going to fuck happy. I didn't want to become a multi-millionaire. I decided it all starts with that. Is it a real decision? Is somebody who have to have or someone just want? No matter how many times you fought on them or how many times they have many setbacks you're going to do it. That's the first part of it. Or making a real decision. After that, Tony talks about the power of beliefs and he talks about changing limiting beliefs. Now, a lot of you guys and a lot of people are coach because I coach a lot of entrepreneurs. They have all these limited beliefs that got passed down for their parents. The parents said we can't afford it or be realistic or be reasonable and they don't really believe that they can accomplish these things and they have imposter systems. They don't want to sell them and then beliefs all these things. I was lucky that didn't have that. You always told me how great parents they told me you can be whatever you want. But I believe them. It's some history of my dad. He was a real Chicago street and they could gain motherfucking great gang leader. He never graduated from high school. He never knew his parents. He was orphaned. Literally grew up in the streets. He had finally got a job once he stopped gang banging. He realized he was good at sales and he got better at sales and he started his own business around the time I was born. But we were struggling. We were on a South Side of Chicago. His reputation proceeds. If you want to know anything about the South Side Chicago Watch, Trapler, Vosses, King, Yuban, documentary. I got sent away to Military School when I was in high school. I got in some trouble. You know, none crazy. Fight, skipping school, shootout. We're going to kid shit. When I was around 16 in Military School, my dad's business finally started taking off. He was struggling up until then. So my name is 16 years. He made a decision. He was going to make it. Yuban focused on a strategy for a week or a day and quit. He was struggling for 16 years and then finally started the work. And then by the time I graduated with my school of 17, he was making $3 million a year. Adjusted for inflation, that would be $8 million in today's money. Probably a street do. But he had to work fucking 14 years to do it without the internet. Like the legit no cell phones, none of that. It was way more difficult. So when that month of the book tells me I can do whatever I can be whatever I want. I believed it. Because I saw him do it. But he later fucked up the money. And by the time I graduated from college, he was broke. He lost all his money. Then he shot himself and hit. Right. Boom. So back to school. I went back to being broke again. But I saw that he did it. So I believed. Because I was around. So I wanted to do it. And the way you guys are going to need to do. You need to get around people or things that make your ambition seem more real, more attainable. You got to get around people who are doing the shit. Who have done the thing you're trying to do or are on the path. Because that's going to do what instill you belief. Because the people around you, they don't have, they have doubt. Even if you tell them to go, they might not believe in you. It's not their fault. They're not trying to be fucking shitty. It's just, you probably haven't given them no reason to believe in you yet. They're making the fair assessment of your capability of it to this point. You've got to get around people who think you make you think bigger. Make you believe more. There's a story in the Bible with Jesus walked on water. His reign in the shit is stormy. He walked, he jumped out the boat, started walking on water. And the disciples was like, yo, Jesus. Yo, how are you doing? That's crazy. He told me, yo, you're walking on the water. And Jesus is like, psh. But this light word man, you can do that. You can do that. Yo, Paul, get your ass out here. And then Paul, when he walked on water, Paul was just a fucking dude. He was just a guy. His parents had to fuck for him to get born. Jesus, it was immaculately conceived. Paul walked on water for a minute. He was walking on the water, striding on that bitch, right? Because he saw someone else do it. And then he believed. He saw another person do it. Now later, Paul looked at the water and he felt he started, oh shit, I'm not going to walk. And Jesus, it picked him up, he said, yo, man. Why don't you believe? And I'm saying to him, like a, you use like a fan of you tripping right now. You do how you're making those little crazy, man. Right? He's just because you didn't believe, right? Oh, it wasn't Paul. It was Peter, my fault, man. I begin to, I begin to mix up, man. Paul, Peter. Obviously, that's a fable, right? But I'm just saying, but the point is, believe, it's contagious. I saw my dad do it, so I believe. And then when I moved to New York, even though I didn't have a lot of money, I moved into a neighborhood that was rich. I had a fucking worse department in the neighborhood. I could hear the long-analy railroad go by. So if I was watching the basketball game, I had to pause it because it would be too loud or watch TV, because you could hear people will go by on the train, they'd look in my apartment. Across all sorts of things, it was like, man, just like, multi million dollar man, just as I would see it. And I would go to the gym and those people would be in there. And I started to believe it, I started to feel like it was a real. So do whatever you could do to change your environment, actually give physical environment, and get around people who increase your belief in what you can do. The next thing he talked about there, that I thought was super beneficial, was controlling your emotions. It's probably the most important thing. Up until the end point, I didn't think people can control your emotions. I never even thought about him. I just thought that shit happens, and you respond to it, however you are, right? Tony said you can actually control your emotions. I never really, it was like a mind fuck for me at age 17. Emotions are just basically neural chemicals going off in your brain. Emotions aren't even really, literally just neural chemicals going off in your brain. Serotonin, dopamine, cortisol, like these neural chemicals, different combinations of them go off in your brain, and then you feel things. They're not real, they're literally on your head. However, they do have an impact on how you perceive the world and how you behave in the world. And if you can control your emotions, like a super pal, Tony gave three ways of how to control your emotions. One is your physiology, motion creates emotion. The way you hold your body, the way you move. If you want to get tired right now, you could just start doing this, then like this, after a while you get tired. You want to be energetic, move the way energetic, personal move. You want to be happy, put it happy, expression on your face. This studies this show that expressions of your face or the way you hold your body actually release different neural chemicals in your brain. And these neural chemicals are what emotions are made of. So you can change your emotional state. Within reason, under any circumstances, you can control it or release direct it, and then when you do that by controlling your physiology. So sometimes when I see people looking all defeated and we try to do something like, man, look at yourself. Man, you look like you defeated already, when you're even trying, man, get your shit together. Let's go. Fix your fixifax, sit up straight, man. Like that crazy look off your face, man. Let's go, let's go after this. These expressions are also contagious. We have these things called mirror neurons. It's the kind of the way you see someone yaw, and you, my yaw, those on mirror neurons working. I came in the room looking at you like this. I might change your emotions. But if I came in the room looking like this, I'm gonna change your emotions, right? They're contagious as well. That's why you gotta curate the people you're around because other people can impact your emotions. That brings us to the second one. The second way you control your emotions. First is physiology. Second one is environment. It's your physical environment. Also the people you're around. People can change the mood in the room. You, I know you've been in rooms and somebody came in. All owner, your upset or angry, furious, and they changed the whole energy in the room. Or you see a happy toddler. We're in the room with a toy or some shit. You see everybody light up. Their contagious in that way too. You can't be around people who are always sour. Who's always complaining, talking about how bad shit is, right? Cause that shit is contagious. That's why wherever I go, I call myself the head of state. Cause I'm like, I'm a control to emotional state wherever I'm at. So when I'm around people, I go in there and I'm going to control to say, I'm going, I'm giving people high fives, right? What I'm doing is I'm changing their physiology. I got the positive energy that's exuding from me. Cause I want to influence their state. Not cause I'm a nice guy because I don't want their bullshit state to influence me. One of us got to be in charge is going to be me. And as a result, hey, people like to be around me. That's what we call charisma. That's exactly what charisma is being able to improve another person's state. But you got to control your own state to do that. You just think about it when you walk into a room when you interact with people, thinking yourself is, I'm going to head to state, talking to the waiters. You say, what's going on? You make the waiter laugh, make the waiter happy, you host this host at restaurants. I'm bringing the joy because I don't want them to infect me. Not cause I'm a nice guy. Cause I don't want them to bring my state down. Cause emotions are like quick Sam. What you get in one is easy to stay in one and go deeper into it. I want to stay at a high vibration and a high state. So everybody around me got to be like that. I curate my environment. It's someone's to negative. I don't fuck with them. If they are a negative person by default, and not going to be that way around me in New York, we have an office where our employees were before the plan and demi. And I kept the trampoline in the office and on the balcony. Every time I feel like the state was bare, like everybody stopped, everybody got on trampoline. Cause remember, physiology is a way to control your emotions. You cannot jump on the trampoline and not start small. I've never seen that. The easiest way is the physiology, right? But also your environment. But also your physical environment, right? If you ever notice you in a clean room or a clean place, you feel better, you feel better, right? When your room's on messy, where you in the fucking hood, the hood feels awful, bro. The hood feels hopeless. That's the worst part of it. I'm from South Chicago, right? And it just feels hopeless. And if you're in that environment where things feel hopeless, what makes a lot of sense is start selling crack, enjoying gangs and fucking shooting the ops. I go back to the hood. I know that those kids don't think they're going to be hedge for managers or even a life on some real shit. So it makes fucking. But when you can get into an environment where you can feel the hope, whether you can resonate with the hope resonates, the success resonates, then you feel like you can accomplish more. And you will behave different in those circumstances. See, emotions aren't real, but they are important because they influence behavior to a huge extent. Check this out, blue jade, but she's all, man. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Yes. She'll do it. It's not great, but you know, how bad can a blow job be? So it's fine, right? But then you end up with another thing. She's excited. She's all fucking excited. She's diving on that bench, like a loose ball at the Super Bowl. She can't wait to go with that motherfucking damn. She's been dreaming about it, man. She's doing this all this shit. So many I don't know what I'm talking about, man. It's the same action done with different emotions has a different result. That's your life, right? You could do the same action. You can perform if you perform it with a low vibration. You don't have worse results than if you perform with a high variation. Let's say you want to be a good father. You're job is, you're not want to be a good father. So you spend time with your kids. But if you're all pissed, sad, or mad, or angry, you spend time with your kids. Now you influence in the women in negative way. So you might be doing more harm than good. You might be fucking him kids up, right? But if you go in there and you all excited, man, yeah, let's go. Man, let's hit the fucking trampoline park. Man, we're going to the basketball game. Palpatron. What's up? You're doing all this shit like that. The kids are happy to see you. Now you, you bring joy into their life. This is why emotions are important. They're not real. They're only here, but they aren't important because they influence your behavior. And that behavior influences your outcome. Their way to influence your emotions is what you focus on. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether it's real or not. When in the home, he's, he's left for suicide. No, Sadie's going to kill herself. And we couldn't find him for two days. I thought he was dead. I was super sad, and I kind of depressed for two days. Because it was, it was, it was one of the homies. Later they found him. He wasn't even, oh, fuck, what even did? And I'm all sad. I got sad about something that wasn't real because I focused on my dead on me, but it wasn't real. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel with his real or not. So what we need to do is focus on where we want to go instead of what's happening. If you're in a bad situation, focus on where you want to go. What's on the gate? If he was learning how to be a race car driver or some shit, they had this drill where they would push a button and the car would skit out of control. And the, the truck said, the only look where the car is going when it starts to go out of control, look where you want to go and you'll start going that way. And then Tony, he's in the car and they hit the buddy. He starts skidging towards the wall. He was supposed to look where he's supposed to go. And then the truck's a grabbed his motherfuckers hand. Tony got a big hands, he had some of his own managers like two fucking hands. And he moved it. He was doing what's been a power list there for Tony's big hands here, right? He moved his head around to where you wanted to go and then he fucking turned. You want me to look at where you're going. Focus on where you go, focus on what you're accomplished, what you're trying to accomplish. Not necessarily where you're at. If you end, unless we're at it, it's good. If we're at it's good. Then when you go through some bed, you then you got to change that folks like you all, man. And I'm still doing better than I did years ago, right? If you look for the good, you'll find it. So you always want to control your focus. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether you want to or not. You focus on where you want to go, you're going to change your focus. And those are some of my main takeaways from waking to giant within this way more and there. Honestly, one of my favorite books is in my top three favorite books of all time. You should go check that out. Links in the description. But another book that you might find helpful, if you're trying to build your online fitness business, I got a free ebook called The Tank Command is of online training. It'll bring down exactly how to build your online fitness business. Even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a big following. The link is in the description right now. All right, go check that out.

=== FILE: This Idea Will Make You Unstoppable [7ZWGqUBiNqk].txt ===

Have you ever seen somebody who was winning and it seems like they just can't lose? It seems like they just have victory after victory, almost like their life seems to be an unbroken boulevard of green lights. On the other end, have you ever seen somebody who's seemed like they can't stop losing, they can't catch a break. These motherfuckers are always failing and this video I'm going to explain to you the psychological and neurological reasons why that's happening. And it's based off a book that I read a long time ago is called The Winner Effect by Ian Robberson. Fantastic book I read this sit in like 2015, 2016 and I've used a lot of the principles in this book to build several multi-eight bigger businesses and to achieve massive success in multiple aspects of life. So what is the winner effect? It basically looks something like this. You have some sort of victory, you win something. What happens is you get a neurological effect where it actually raises your testosterone and dopamine that dopamine and testosterone that gives you more confidence. And that confidence makes it more likely for you to win again. And it becomes almost like you have heard of a downward spiral, it becomes an upward spiral. Because every time you have some sort of victory and the book goes over it is and they show studies in both animals and humans that any sort of victory causes a huge increase into testosterone and dopamine. This increase into testosterone and dopamine is actually one of the reasons why people win more. It's like the win more to become more motivated. They become more focused. Their bodies and brains change on a neurological level. Every time you experience a win and this is how people have upward spirals. But a downward spiral is basically the opposite. Well for example taking pills, boom, they experience a drop in testosterone and dopamine, boom and then they become less confident, right? Which makes them more likely to lose again. This is how downward spiral starts. And you can see this in the sports world. So a good example that they gave in the book, they use my Tyson example, my Tyson when he got out of jail and he went about to get his built back. They set him up with some easy opponents. They called him tomato cans. He beat the shit out of these motherfuckers. And every time you got more confident, more confident than you win in one of the championship, again, that was one of the examples. But you can see this if you just watch the basketball game. If you ever watch the basketball game, you can see how momentum starts to switch from team to team. Like the team starts hitting shots, playing good defense. And next you know, it starts happening more and it's not team's going runs. Right? And the opposite is true too. You start taking pills, you can dunk on. My fuck is this crossing you over. That hasn't effect on your brain and then you start taking pills again. The book cited a lot of research to explain why this happens. We're not going to get into all the signs. Just fucking trust me. Or read the book. I'll be fucking. But you see this sitting in your life. When someone takes an ill and maybe it's you. Maybe you are taking an ill. Maybe you are here losing. Do you have less confidence after a loss or more confidence after a loss? But what you probably noticed is actually changing your brain strength. Structions. So first in the neat understand, winning increases testosterone. But studies that showed it. Even watching your sports team win, your favorite sports team win, actually causes an increase in your testosterone. Just watching your team win because you feel like you're part of it. And their studies they showed it. Watching your team lose causes a mild drop into testosterone. I know that because I'm a bear's fan. I grew up a bear's fan. It's probably while I'm on testosterone replacement therapy. Because I've been a fucking bear's fan my whole life. And these little fucking things being good. Since 1985, they passed up on Patrick Mahomes. They could have drafted Patrick Mahomes when they didn't. I digress. It's just God will be your sphuck. My sister, I just broke. And in an awesome life, winning causes you to your body to produce more testosterone. This testosterone comes in with a huge boost of confidence. And you're more willing to take risks and take chances. That's a side effect as a testosterone. You become less risk adverse. And you're more willing to do risky shit. And it's addictive feeling. But that's coupled with an increase in dopamine. Dopamine is the reward chemical in your brain. Every time you win, you dopamine receptors get hit with a huge dopamine spike. And it makes you feel good. And then your brain wants to do more of it. So dopamine is responsible for drive and motivation. If you ever hear somebody say, man, I ain't got no motivation, man. I just don't feel motivated. That motherfucking ain't got no dopamine. Or at least not enough dopamine. Dopamine is required for motivation. Anybody who's really motivated to go after it, shit. This motherfucking has high levels of dopamine. And you need to understand a neurochemistry of this because you can manipulate it. But these are actual changes that occur in your brain on a neurological level. And how do we harness this winter effect? So we can have warm winds in our life. And we can start this upward spiral as opposed to having this downward spiral. It's a few things that I do. This is not in the book. This is some branding carder shit. I'm rich so you should listen to me. One thing I noticed, my sales team have a large sales team. I noticed that the sales people they go on streets. They'll get one sale and then they start getting a bunch of sales all the time, all the time, all the time. They also go in the slumps. Kind of like a hitter and baseball. All this shit is psychological because the conditions have been changed. It's all psychological but also neurological too, right? Because your brain changed with every winter loss. So what I started doing with my sales team, I did this one, I was the sales person too and this is how I live my life. I want you to think of this drawing. This is a representation of a goal. So the trophy I'm drawing. I know I'm a fantastic artist. Just trying to have to get to distracted by how is he good? So many things. It's a winter effect. So this is the trophy. This represents victory. A lot of us what we do is we associate victory with results, winning or losing. What I told my sales people to do, this is how I got helped them stop all this slumps and the yo-yo win with their sales. I said we're not going to think about the results of whether you get to sale or not. All I want you to do is focus on your performance. Even if you don't get to sale, I want you to show me this call because we require our sales calls. I want you to show me this call and be proud of it even if you didn't get to sale. This is important because you can't control with you get to sale and not no sales person has 100% close rate. It just doesn't happen. It's not reality. There's so many things that can happen to make you not get to sale. Like maybe this motherfucker really does have to talk to his wife because he's using her money or some shit or maybe he's fucking broke. You actually got on the call with a broke boy. He slipped through our defenses and you got on a go with him. Or maybe he's got some shit going on in his life and he just really can't do it. You can't put money in his account. We only want to attribute victory to things we are in controller. So it's not whether you get to sale or not. It's we want to look at your performance. I don't give a fuck if you get to sale and that. All I want is you to put up sales calls on tape that you will be proud of. And I'm going to look at everybody sales call. I'm not going to amount on care about your clothes rate anymore. All I care about is are you proud of that call. And the reason that's important because you are in controller your performance. You can have a hundred percent success rate. If success is based off your performance and not the results. So many things that can happen that relate to results that aren't in your control. The real performance is a hundred percent in your control. So you can have a hundred percent success rate if it's based off performance in that results. So boom, whacked is said instead of thinking about getting the sale they're thinking about their performance on a call. They're thinking about following the script. They're thinking about all the training I give them. Right. They're thinking about really executing it. And whether they get to sell or not, just be proud of it. Immediately the clothes rates improved. Here's what happens. Every call ended up being a victory for them. Even if they didn't get to sell, they still felt like they were winning. Because they were proud of the call. And it was like, man, I did a good job. But I didn't get to sell. I was like, man, who cares about the sale? That was a fucking good call. You fucking killed that shit. So it was a win. So because of that, they did not experience the drop in testosterone and dopamine that they normally would have under those circumstances. Because it was still a victory, even though they didn't get to maybe the result that they were looking for. And what happened was they started to feel better about themselves. There's a social one went higher. They dopamine increase. They confidence increased. Boom. And the results kind of take care of themselves. Right. As a result, they're closed rate increased. All we did was focus on our performance. And that's what you need to do. You want to associate victory with your performance in not the results and everything you're doing. Of course, you want the results, but we can't think about it. We got to think about our performance. When you have a goal instead of looking at the goal, what you want to do is think about our performance and the actions that would lead to the goal. We want to only focus on our actions, not the goal. So for example, if you're trying to lose weight, you want to lose 10 pounds. You've got to have to follow your diet. Focus on following your diet today. Focus on your workout today. Right. How do you perform in a gym? Focus on getting enough sleep, drinking enough water. Do those four things. Just focus on that. And then here's the thing. If you do those four things today, then today will be a victory. The beauty of this is you won't have to wait to you get the results. Because the only focus on the results, you'll have to wait for the results to manifest in the real world for you to take advantage of the winner effect. If you focus on the things you have to do every day, then today can be a victory. Even though you ain't lost no fat, you did all the things you're supposed to do each day. And you're going to feel better today. You're going to start taking advantage of the winner effect immediately. You do all the shit you're supposed to do today. What happens is you're going to experience that slight increase in testosterone and dopamine and confidence. When I first learned this, I was about 16 years old. We didn't have the YouTube or a notion like that. Or we didn't go really barely at the internet. And I was trying to learn about working out. And I used to read this magazine called Muscle Media. And the author was my idol at the time's Godning Bill Phillips. He was the editor in chief of that magazine. Any on the supplement company called EAS. Forcibly Trish. And he sold that company to Abit Laboratories for $100 million dollars. In $2,000, 25 years ago, that'd be $165 million in today's money. He wrote an article in that magazine where he said, if you want to have more confidence. Every day right down five things you want to do those days. And make sure you do those things and cross them off the list. You know, after a month of that, you'll notice that you have more confidence. You're believing yourself more. He was described in a winter effect. Right? I was 16 years old. I was like, all right, man. I'm up fucking through my homework. I'm going to work out. I want to follow my diet, get eight hours of sleep, and do cardio. It can't be simple. She'd like brush my teeth. You know, they had to be shit that was like, you know, a little bit of a challenge. Right? Something you could be proud of. I did this for 30 days like you said. And I started feeling like I had like way more competent to myself, man. And I didn't realize to the latest, I read the winter effect. It actually changed me on a neurological level. Now I take that to the stream and I invite you to do it too. I'm going to show you my habit tracker. It's called the Victory Vision planner. So this is from like last year. So boom, my thing I needed to wake up before five. How many days of the road that I wake up before five? 80, 80% of the time. I felt pretty good. Outwards asleep. I had to go how many hours sleep did I work out? Did I meditate? That's in two. I meditate twice a day. Track my macros. How much protein I get per day? How many calories I can soon be today? You're not tracking your slacken? How many calories I burn each day? I track that with my ordering. And then I see you know I was cutting. There's a formula here that adds up the calorie deficit or surplus depending on if I'm broken or cutting. Boom, how much water I drink that day? I'm just tracking a bunch of shit, right? Here's the thing. These are all things. This is not, this is random. These are things that have to be done in order to accomplish my goals. All of these things relate to my goals. So I don't have to think about the goals. All I need to do is think about making each day a success. Make each day a victory. What happens? Every time I have a victory, I take advantage of the winner effect. Every time I cross some of my shit, it's a win. Boom, I get the increase to testosterone and dopamine and confidence. And I get that every day. So all I need to do to hit my goals is to do the things that will lead to the goals being hit. And I just focus on the performance and not to actually the results. I don't need to have to look at the results. Imagine, if somebody's trying to lose fat and you can see how much they're consuming these days, how much they're burning, how much the chloride deficit they're in these days, do you have to think about if that person's going to lose fat or not? No, you can just look at what he's doing every day and you can see, oh, he's in a chloride deficit every day. He's probably going to lose fat. Yeah, I got way more ripped that month. It's just mad if you could just look at it. You could tell you don't need that to look at the results. All you need to do is focus on your performance. Because that's the only thing you're going to control of as the performance. You're not a control of the economy. You're not in control of if that girl likes you. You're not in control of if you're going to get the sale from that customer. If you're on a team and not in control of what the team mates are going to do or not, you're not a control of who the Chicago Bears are going to draft. All the only thing you're in control of is your performance. But the thing is if you attribute victory, you change your association with victory and success. It'd be in base of your performance instead of the results that every day can be a victorious day. Even when you lose, you'd be like, man, I did. I did my thing, though, right? And I'd give you more confidence to get up again. And then you start taking advantage of the winner-fac. However, if you fuck this up and you are only focused on the results, two bad things happen. One, you have to wait until all your actions manifest into the results for you to start taking advantage of the winner-fac. So you leave in a lot of testosterone and dopamine and confidence on the table. Did you could have been getting this every day, but you're waiting to hit a fucking end to getting it. And if you don't get it for whatever reason, maybe some happens that side of your control, then you're going to experience a drop and testosterone dopamine. And you start to downward spiral. Fuck the results. Folks on the actions. If you only focus on the actions, the results will take care of themselves. This is powerful. This I can use the winner to affect the advantage and it can stop being to your detriment. I have a free habit tracker. You can alter this for whatever habits you want and I have a video to explain it. It's called the Victory Vision Planner and it's free. It's a notion template. All you got to do is click the link in the description and you can download it right now. Don't fuck this up. And also you can check out the book, the winner-fac, the link is in the description. If you want to learn more about this, it's a fantastic book. All right. Peace.

=== FILE: This Is Better Than Steroids [Jeff Nippard Response] [RlsT1uGUTWI].txt ===

A lot of people ask me questions about steroids. People who have made tons of videos accusing me being on steroids. We're long time. Full disclosure, I have been on testosterone replacement therapy for the last three years that I didn't do any performance enhancing supplements before that. A lot of people don't believe me, that's cool. You don't have to. And I know it makes you feel better about yourself to believe that I was on that because that mitigates the feelings of inferiority you experienced. If you knew that I was fucking flexing on you that hard. But so long, I'm not going to go into whether I was on it before. I want to tell you something that I think is better than steroids. If you do what I'm about to tell you, people would think that you are on steroids. The same way they thought I was on. Now I've had videos where I had doctors looking at my blood work and explain all this guy clearly was not on steroids. It's fine. I don't care what you're thinking about me. I can't what you're thinking about yourself. If you believe that I was on steroids, you and you believed that the body I accomplished was not possible. But I want to show you that it is possible so you cheat in yourself. If you believe that. But I want to show you something. This is not to vindicate me. I want to show you what's better than steroids so you can get those great results. Check this out. This is a video from the homey Jeff Nip, I don't know Jeff personally. But he had this video and I watched who's talking about steroids. I just videos call steroids as often. And I saw this one part of the video towards the end. And I thought, uh... Instead of enhancing, I've decided to do something different. I keep thinking maybe I've reached my natural limit for muscle growth. But... Considering steroids, he's like, maybe I reached my natural limit. You can sit in steroids but he wants to do some different. Listen to what he says. Actually, at my daddy limit, or have I just not been training as hard and smart as I could be. I wasn't going to reveal this, but this year I'm doing an experiment with McMaster University here in Canada to see how much I'm asking. I know Canada, I know girls, right? But listen, just pay attention anyway. But what's possible for me to build naturally this deep into my lifting journey. If I do everything perfectly, can I still make gains naturally? So, for this entire year, I've been doing everything 100% perfectly. Now you would think this motherfucker been doing it perfectly. One, because this is job. And his all he makes videos about is the perfect shit. But he hasn't been. All right. Just keep that in mind. Check this out. In the gym. I'm tracking every single set, taking the last set of every exercise to true technical failure. Tracking every single set, taking every exercise through technical failure, right? But, I'm tracking every single set. Let's continue. I'm also committing 100% to my diet. You do hear what this motherfucker just said? Now I fucks with Jeff. He said, I'm committing 100% to my diet. There could what you've been doing now this whole time. Okay. But let's see what he's talking about. I have a missed a single day tracking in my profile. I have a missed a single day tracking. Magros. Keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. What he's about to say. You know, I've hit my calorie and protein goal every single day. And I hit my calorie protein goal every day. He's saying it like I'm a track every day. I'm not going to miss a single day. I hit my calorie and protein goal every day. I'll be sharing my full results at the end of this year. And I can say that I've definitely made some solid gains already. This doesn't all be show up as well on camera. But I've gotten more compliments about having put on some solid size. I'm a local gym. And I've gotten in years. But similar to me, what happens to a lot of guys is that they can see finally starts tracking. I'm not saying he has to. I'm not trying to talk shit about this. I'm a fan of his. I'm fucking subscribed to his shit every time I want to know some science. Fuck a shit. This is my goal to man. You know, you know me man. Every time I want to know something, I go see a site. A white science man. And when it comes to the fitness stuff, he's my goal to white science man. Think of it at their 90 limit. And only steroids will help when in reality, they're probably just not being as diligent with their training and nutrition as they could be. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I've been saying for fucking 15 years. Right. Yo, this is why it's the most important thing. He was about to go on fucking ruins. But he said, hey, maybe I'll just track everything and be diligent and not miss a day. Guess what? I started making more games and I haven't alone top. That's the same shit I've been saying for fucking effort. Right. And this is why everybody thought I was on a road. It's man. But check this out. It's not better than steroids. That was a click baby. Steroys fucking work. Right. But this shit works too. But that steroids work better than what you see me do. Right. Because check me out 10 years ago. Do it's keep this log. Keep it low like this is everyday. Come on man. I've been talking about this shit. Right. I've been on this shit. Every fucking day. Look how many times long ago. 10 months of fucking years, man. Without exception though. This shit he's been doing for a month. I was talking about it 10 years ago. And I've been on this shit. These two pages is one day. And I do that. I do that fucking. And I do that fucking every day, right. Yeah, nigga. Yeah. That's what the same shit I've been doing. But you all don't be believing it until some white man says it. He's saying that's the whole fucking thing. That's my fucking problem. My fucking is unbelievable. I say it until some fucking white man says it. And that's cool. That's cool. That's why I wanted to show you the white man. So you can finally get it. Oh, okay. White man. But I've been saying this shit. nigga. Like listen. There worries work better than this. Cause check me out. Right. It says 11 years. It's like 12 or 13 years ago somewhere in it. Look out. There's always 180 here. Right. Remember I'm six to six to some change. Little bit of chase. Six to one was change. Look at me. I'm fat. I don't think I look back in this shit. I can't believe that this motherfucker had the audacity to make fitness videos. I'm going to be real with you. I don't know what I was thinking about. I'm feeling muscles in your stomach. See, six pack of shock. All right. Baggy ass pants. And some Jordan's. Now I don't show you. No, remember. I've been tracking everything. The shit. The Jeff. Nipper was talking about. He's been doing for a few months. And got gains. I've been doing for. Ever. Every day. No fucking day. I'm going to get into it. Right. I don't know. I'm not saying it's the bra. I'm saying it's not the fuck. You don't just shit. And everybody would think you're on the world. Royce two. And that was 12 years ago. Here's 10 years ago. Right. This is two years later. Check me out. Yeah. I'm super strong. Right. But I'm a little bigger. And you're saying, then crazy. I'm a little bigger. You understand? Yeah. That's impressive. I ain't gonna lie. I don't think I can lie down. I can lie down. No age 42. Yep. Right. But I'm a little bigger around the same size. A little bigger 2 years later. Right. You know, I may make him progress slow. Steer always were better than that guys. I'm a Beyonc. Steer works really work. All right. Like you can do it naturally. He's on trying to say, and this is eight years. I'm doing every two years right? The Jeff. All right. So this is two. So I'm going every one years. Being a little bigger. Do you work out that for it? Here's four years ago. There's two minutes at Diamond. I'm still like, okay, at this point you just sit. I'm 200 pounds and I checked it out in 12 years. I went from 180 to 200 pounds. Anybody can do that. 2.2 pounds a year. Must, that's what I did. The reason I'm showing you that is a year after that. Right after that, you know, I went on a testosterone replacement therapy because I'm fucking 38 at the time. Going on 39. I'm on an old school Wu Tang, 2 bucks. But 2 pounds, you know, steroids work better than this. However, you don't need steroids. You can still make amazing progress. This shit that Jeff was talking about, I've been doing. Right? I've been talking about track. This is nine years ago, me and my fucking Kino body talking about track it. Any final points, dude? Yo, I mean, you can go to that with anything. Like, not just, like, I always track everything I eat, how much water I drink and every variable, right? So I know it's working as not so if I make some progress in a month, I can look back. Oh, this is what I did right, mate. What can I do to try to optimize that? What can what have I been doing good? And if I haven't made his my progress on one, I can see where I made the mistakes. You see where I work. You know, look, man. I've been on this shit. Shout out to home. Homey Jeff. I need it. I need it. I need it. A white man to tell you all the fucking track everything you eat. It all your macros every day. So you all will believe it. Yeah, I've been a trainer for over 25 years. Like, a thousand, like, literally thousands of before and after testimonials, you know, even if you think I'm bullshit and believe Jeff, don't believe me. But I've been on this shit. I've been so I'll be showing you some more things. This is the old training log. I got from GNC one day. It's like, it's like, listen, it's a training log from 10 years ago. See, I've been training tracking my workouts. That's it. 2008 mega, leanman brothers recession times shit, man. Global Academy was collapsed. I'm tracking my workouts. I'm tracking my diet. You know what I'm saying? Fucking Tuesday. No, I know I can do a muscleer. I don't know if I can do anything. I'm just kidding. What did I do this day? I tracked the workout. I tracked the reps, the weight, the sets. I tracked everything, man. I did two workouts that day. Then I tracked how much water I drank. Come on, man. I've been on this shit. Here's what I'm saying to you guys, man. If you're not tracking your fucking slack. Cause just like Jeff, I had thought about being on steroids for men long. I waited until I was almost 40 to go on testosterone placement therapy. I waited. I waited till I was a fucking old man. Right? If I was a professional athlete, I'd have been retired by now. Ain't no fucking pro athletes in my age still playing. Maybe some golfers fucking chess players. No football players, no basketball players. They're being playing past 40 man. Get real. Right? So I waited until I'd have been a retired athlete and say, You know what, man? Let's get on the jails. I'm getting old. The reason I was in such a great shape. Up until then is because I was doing this shit every day. My man, Jeff. And it really, it almost surprised me when he said, All right, so I started tracking my food every day. And making sure I hit my macros. Every day, I'm like, what the fuck is this? You ain't been doing it. And that's why you motherfuckin' stop. I was on a noise because if he wasn't doing it, I know you ain't doing it. He went in for 10 years. He was saying, hey, most of the young ladies. But if you want to get ahead, if you really want the fuck and take your shit to the next level, start doing that shit. Just track every rep, but every set. Track everything you eat or your macros. Your army say, man sounds like, I'm a track how much water I can take every day, right? I'm sure he's. Here's a study from Duke University. They have some assholes. I mean, some pets are subjects of the study that we're going to focus on this great line. They say, hey, motherfuckers, just track your, what you eat. I know you've been putting anything in your mouth like a horror. They hold life, but for three months, we need you to just track everything you eat. And my fitness path. And they didn't give them no fucking diet plan. They didn't give them no fucking program to put them in a clogged deficit. They tell them to keto, intermittent fast and Mediterranean diet. Carnivore, they tell them, dude, nothing. There was no rules. Just fucking track what you eat, fat boy. And guess what? All of these motherfuckers, lost weight. Just by tracking, they lost an average of five pounds of three months. I know, that's not a lot of weight, but they fucking lost weight. And three months, they lost average of five pounds of three months. What I would have in the diet plan. Imagine if you had a real fucking diet plan. Imagine if they put them in a clogged deficit. This is a sudden showing the track in works. If you're not tracking, you're slacking. There's also even if you want a game weight. The same shit works because if you're not tracking, you're slacking. Make sure you hit your motherfuckin' macros every day. Make sure you hit your diet every day. It's just man, you can't eat rules. But you guys don't know how much protein you eat. You don't know if you're really doing progressive overloads, because you're not tracking your reps and sets. You don't know how much if you're getting enough water each day. It's like you're just kind of doing shit haphazardly. Yeah, I'm just gonna go to the gym. I try to eat good. Shut the fuck up man. My fuck's gonna be like, yo man, how do I get like you? You know what I'm saying? I will see a diet like man. Man, I eat good. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah. You're not tracking? No, no, man. I just try to eat, well, the fucking you will never be like me. You won't be nothing like me. Perfect. No, I'm telling nobody I gave you no advice either, because you won't be here. You are a main one indefinitely. So here's what I do. It's evolved over the years. But now I bring a food skill with me. Everywhere I go. I have these little man persons, right? You know, so we're doing the time, proud of Bendy. I also have some just cheap ones off Amazon, right for what? Like when I'm with my son, little sling bags. And I keep my skill in there next to the blick. And every time I eat anything, I wait. And over our skin, the label. And I track everything I eat every day, right? Without acceptance, like every day, every day, for decades. And people think it takes a lot of discipline. Maybe like year one, it did. Right? But now it's just normal. I don't know what it's like to just put anything in my mouth, like a whore or your mama. There's no way. I don't even know what that's like. Like I was so shocked to hear that. I thought all the fucking thing is going to do. I'm the extremist. I'm one of the only ones I know that takes the skill to the restaurant. I'm being a motherfucking poppy steak. Wings shit. And I'll be at Commoteau. I was at the motherfucking steak house. Other day, with you know, body and Justin Waller broke out my skill for the sides, right? They tell you how much to steak waste. But for the sides, you know what I'm saying? I want to have the cream of spinach. I need to know what that way. And I do it every day. That here's the thing, right? You can't feel because it's just man. If you want to start getting on this shit, like me and Jeff Neppard. If you want to be on some brand and Carter Jeff Neppard shit. So this is from January. This is just one of them. But what you can see is, you know, every day I'm tracking everything. Bro, I'm tracking, if I work out honestly, tracking, you know, if I meditate this day, I'm tracking my macro. Did I hit my macros and that? And of course, 100% of course, you know, see this is the protein. I really focus on the getting the enough protein. It's what I do is also see the calories consumed right? Protein and the calories that are made thing on focus. All right? Then, you know, I see what that is. Boom. Then I also tracked the calories burned in my ory. These are 100% accurate. My ory. Overshoot. How many calories I burned? Not 100% accurate. So I just make sure I'm in a deep deficit right? Because I was cutting this month. And I can see every day how much of a deficit I am on average, right? Because that this is a formula. Yes, what if you want to burn a pound of fat? You got a burn 3500 calories. It's just fucking math at this point. I know how much I consumed and I know how much I burned. 24,000 calories that month. Yeah, I got ripped that month. I got more ripped that month. And it's just math. As long as you hit your numbers every day, it's just math. And again, I track how much water. And I track the other things, but we're just going to keep it on the fitness shift. Imagine if you've been doing this for 10 years. 15 years like me. You think you'd be good check? Maybe we do it for 15, 20 years like me? Yeah. How could you not? So here's what you're going to do. If you want to get on this kind of time. Right? It really started making some big moves. You're going to bring a scale with you everywhere you go. Like me. That's too much stream. Man, that's too much effort. That's too much effort. That's the fuck of me. That's why you fat now. Man, that's why you ain't never a cop just letting your goals make. Because you've been pussy-footed and your whole fucking life, man. Scared to go hard, man. I fucking hate you. Leave. Stop watching this video now, man. Go somewhere and eat a date. Reservive you who stay. Imagine you want to get in great shape. You don't want to go eat a date. You want to learn how to do this, right? So what you're going to do is you're going to keep a scale on you everywhere you go. Get you one in them little sling bags. Get a food scale in there. I keep a little thin one on me. Right next to the blick. And then I'll break it out whenever I need it, right? Then you track your calories every day. Let's say you try to lose fat. Let's say you consume 2,000 calories. Boom. Let's say you do that every day. Let's say you burn 1,500 calories. Which is fucking nothing, man. I do that shit. That'd be a pretty fucking weekday for me. But it's your garlic. Talk about what you can do. Now you see you in a 500 calorie deficit every day. Boom. A pound of fat. It's 3500 calories. You don't burn the pound of fat, that one, right? Let's say you not hit me in Mac or everyday. Let's say you've been in it. I hear fucking up, man. Oh, man. I ate good this day. You want to treat yourself. You little fucking poor. And then maybe you don't work out one day, right? You little inconsistent. You had some drinks at the function this day. You went to the bar. You just went crazy on your macros one day. But fuck you fucking around a game. Wait. And that's how most of y'all do. This is what happens when you consistent most days. You wonder why you're not making progress. My fucking, right? The thing is you don't even know. What's happening? Because you're not tracking it. You have no idea why you're wasting fat forever. And keep getting fat. You're not in sight. Because you're not tracking. If you was tracking, you know what's happening. Because if you're not tracking, you slack. Listen to Brandon. You got to start tracking this shit. Here's the thing. Even if you didn't follow a diet and you didn't. All you had to do is track this shit and you would lose weight. Like less weight. Obviously five. If somebody at your age only lost five pounds. And three months, I'd consider it out of failure. But I do think this is remarkable for a month because it's more than even being trained. All they were doing was just putting the shit in my fitness pal. So imagine that they were just really doing it. That's what Jeff said. He's having started tracking my diet. He didn't want to mad girls every day in man. I'm making games. Yeah, Jeff. I've only been saying that for 15 years. That's what you should do. When telling me, if you're not tracking your slack, and I know people think it's extreme to bring your scale to a restaurant, it is. The extremists are the people who succeed, man. You can't get extreme success without extreme effort. The world's not that ridiculous. Think about it. And you hit, I don't want to bring a scale with me if you were going to a free-to-a-resourer. You think how extreme that is. Imagine if it knows fucker really did that for 15, 20 years. What do you think he would look like? Yeah, everybody would be accusing him of being on steroids like they were with me. And the truth is, I don't have nothing to gain from denying it. I don't still know fitness shit. I don't still know nothing. I'm getting, hey, I don't give a fuck what you think. They give him shit like that's a thing. Like, all you're talking is suck my dick. Right, I just want you to, it's fucking succeed. I'm trying to prove to you that you can win. I want you to succeed and give me the credit. Right, until that I fucking improved your life. Like, for me, the lie to you for no financial gain. I don't have any gain in the front of you. That would imply that I give a fuck about your opinion of you. How about this, suck my dick. I don't care what you think, but I do want you to suck in succeed. I don't care what you think. I think, I just want you to succeed. Because I'm a fucking coach. I'm a trainer and I probably myself on that. And even if you didn't believe it was me, I've been posting testimonies from people I've trained. Literally, dauses. Do you think all of these people are wrong? They were his no man. I made them track their macros. So even if I was on steroids, even if I was fucking shooting here on it. Right, smoking crack. Look at my fucking, the results of the people I've trained. They were fucking track in this shit. Or don't believe me. Believe Jeff Nep. Or believe these fucking duke in the versed, he science nerds. If you're not tracking his slack, dark tracking your diet. I have another video that's going to help you. Exbitite your fat loss journey and your muscle building journey. Hope that you're revest. My video editor is a put that somewhere around here. Go check that out. Me, you, Lee.

=== FILE: This Is Why Women Dont Respect You (wMichael Sartain) [6PZfEMXBeXA].txt ===

And women don't see you as attractive. You don't even exist to them. You literally are in an inanimate object to them. Men and women who have higher body counts are less happy and a marriage. It's true for men and women, but it's twice as true for women. So if you're the guy who's the five and you want to date the ten, you put her in the f***. You see some different than most of the guys we talked about. Yeah, I was dating, right? Most of the guys saying you should never have female friends. I don't want female friends. And I always thought that was kind of stupid because I just felt like you know, you have more opportunities to date women. If you have a lot of female friends, right? For a variety of reasons, one, you have a female friends that social prove to the other girl. Yes, right? And also those girls have like friends and family members who might want to make a shoot with you. And it's no point. All right. A lot of guys get really been out of shape when they hear the term female friends. So we'll say female teammates. So that you guys don't lose your mind. Having female teammates, people that are in the U Army that are on your side. There's three reasons why you have them. Number one, they give you access to incredible places. You imagine you and me and 10 guys trying to get into Mr. Jones like on a Friday night. It's not happening. We spent a hundred grand. It's not happening. There's not letting us in there. If I show up with 10 girls, I don't even have to pay to get in. I used to go to the Playboy Mansion for free. The tickets were $1,500, but I would bring 20 or 30 girls with me. Like here's a crazy thing in Vegas. I probably like this in Miami. If I take two girls to dinner, this can be $300. If I take 10 girls to dinner, it's free. Because it's a comp. That's the way it works. And also, I go to a lot of self-help conferences. It may be the aspire tour, apex tour. You might go see Tyler, P.S.P. Whoever, when I do, I always show up with girls. Every guy in there is like, who the f*** is this guy? Yeah. Who showed up to this room where it's 99 dudes for every woman. And he's got six hot girls with you. So number one, having female friends get you access. Number two, it makes you calibrated. Here's your dream girl. I'm gonna put her right in front of you. You pee yourself. Your eyes get big, your voice cracks. You start palms start sweating. Your voice gets high like this. Hey, you wanna go get a drink like you? I watch this happen all the time. If I put your dream girl in front of you, you don't have the technology. You don't have the skill set, the strategy. You do not, you don't have the experience. You don't have the expertise, the intuition to be able to deal with this attractive woman in front of you. You start talking crazy. Correct, accurate. But if you're surrounded by beautiful women all the time, which for me, my point of having that is I managed to strip club for four years. And so I was constantly around just naked women all the time. They would sexualize me. Sometimes I get groped in the DJ booth. And I just totally and completely unaffected by their boobs. Like, yeah, they're nudity and physical attractiveness was totally lost a decent society. Completely de-de-synthesized. And I just noticed how insanely attracted they got to me because I was totally de-sensitized by it. That's the second thing is it de-sensitizes you to your dream girl. If you're around a bunch of girls who look like Megan Vox all the time, when you meet Megan Vox, it doesn't turn out a big deal. Not a big deal. Look at that big deal. And number three, here's the big one. Any guy who works in sales who understands anything about referrals, you women introduce you to more women. And here's the crazy part, the girl that you friends own and she introduces you to your friend and you start getting your friend gets what happens after a year. The first girl you friends own, now she has a crush on you. I had a girl I would be like, you got to keep her in a friend zone. You got to spend zone her. Yes, so that's the main thing. You have to friend zone women. This is so hard for people to grasp. If you're a man you've ever been friends zone, it's the worst. I actually would rather be cheated on and get friends on by. You go after a girl and she tries to friend zone you in order for you to get friends zone, you have to accept the emotion. You and I are friends. At no point did I say, hey, let's just be friends. Because we're men, right? But that's the thing, that's the difference. But for the woman, it's like, she says, let's just be friends. What did she say? And he's like, your penis is not worthy. You are not worthy of sexual access. So I'm going to demote you to this position. She hates me called you. Bill, for sure. Here's what makes it worse. All of her other female friends, they know she friends zone you are either a beta male, look like you have a micro penis, whatever it is. I had a friend of mine, a girl that I'm friends with. And her and I are like, she's always had a boyfriend since I've known her. We've never hit on each other. We've been friends for about 12 years. So she keeps seeing me like, I'm not her type. And she's actually not my type, but she's very attractive. All of my clients think she's like the hottest chick ever. OK. So she comes up to my best friend, kindly. Who, man, will get my best friend is a playboy model with three million followers who has gotten me laid so many times. Seriously, like I'd do anything for this girl. Like every time I walk up to a girl with this, with this girl, there's no effort. There's no way. Yeah. She goes up to my best friend, kindly. She goes, how is Michael with hot girls? Does he have a humongous penis? Like how is he always with hot girls? Her reality is breaking because she doesn't see me as that physically attracted. But she keeps seeing me with beautiful women all the time and it's confusing her. And she's trying to square the circle. But in general, that's what generates attraction. So this is a really crazy distinction for those of you really into the evolutionary psychology and the stuff here. Social proof and pre-selection, pre-selection is actually called, make choice copying and human. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make choice copying and social proof are two separate phenomena. And I use to think they were the same phenomena. Meaning, so here's what happens. If you have a bunch of beautiful women with you and they see you on a regular basis of a bunch of beautiful women, two things happen. Number one, women do find you more attractive. But number two, men also want to network with you and you are perceived as higher status. These are two separate phenomena that I was not aware. And it's something that I've noticed is like my favorite podcasters, they generally ask me to come on why? Because I'm surrounded by beautiful women. It's one of these things where it's like, because people ask me all the time about like, Andrew Tate, how do I meet Andrew Tate? The reason why I met Andrew Tate is because I had a bunch of videos of me with like stunning girls all the time. His team message me and then that's how we connect it. Same thing like freshness is all the time. He goes, Michael, you're the only guy who I know who says that he can do the shit. And then when I go to Vegas, everything you say is true. You are surrounded by hot girls. You can get us on stage at every single night club. Why is that? It's because of the networking that I do that allows me that ability. Let's go back to that study that we mentioned before. When people knew each other for a period of time. So let's say a man and a woman meet. If they start dating within the first month, they're attractiveness correlates to a high degree. OK. So the best way to date a super hot girl that you just met is to be a super hot man. Yeah. According to this study, her name is Lucy Hunt. It was did the study back in 2015. Later on, it goes at four, four months, five months. That correlation, it starts at about 0.7. It drops like 0.5, 0.4, 0.3. You can actually be less attractive. But if you've known the girl for four months, it's actually more likely. But here's the crazy part. At nine months, the statistical correlation is not significantly different from zero. That's the exact wording in the study. Meaning there's no correlation. So if you're the guy who's the five and you want to date the 10, you put her in the friends zone for nine months. And the data now completely supports what we teach in men of action. My course, it completely supports this now. And so that's why a lot of people have had a hard time with it because a lot of guys in this space, their angry at women and their been friends owned by women. So the idea of having women help you meet other women, his so-and-athom. I didn't say go to women for dating advice. That's not what I said. When I said was, go with six girls and they get you invited. It's like you're going to the club and they're like, hey, I just got invited to a mansion party. There's like 25 girls and like three dudes there. He said you can come because you got six girls with them. And now you're at a mansion party. You're meeting a billionaire while at a party with their seven girls for every guy. You got access. And let's just say for this example, all the girls that were in your range are overall seven of them, you aren't sleeping with any of them. But when you go to that party, you walked in with seven girls. And now every other girl at the party is like, who the fuck is this dude who just walked in with seven girls? And it's just so it's really crazy because like, Brandon, we can't make them taller. We can change their eye color. We can't change their skin color. We can make them richer. We can do certain things. But one thing is always free. And that is like the perception of status and pre-selection. Those things we can get any guy for free. So San D. from New Delhi or the five foot five Filipino cashier, those guys, if they have pre-selection, they're attractiveness in the eyes of women increases. Remember what I said before? If women don't see you as attractive, you don't even exist to them. You literally are in inanimate object to them. And so that's the thing that's crazy. And by the way, if anybody wants, they can message me. I will show you the studies that support everything. I'm saying, and this is really funny thing that I noticed, Brandon, is when I express my opinion, I don't really get that much hate. When I show data that actually enforces my opinion, people lose their more hate from the data, the body count stuff. It's true, like really men and women who have higher body counts are less happy and emerge. It's true for men and women, but it's twice as true for women. Do nobody likes that? That is a biological double standard. And it's almost like biology is misogynistic. It is true. A woman's dissatisfaction at a body count of 20 is equal to a man's dissatisfaction of a body count of 40. I'm way over simplifying this, but the variation is about two to one, whereas women their dissatisfaction per partner before they get married in his twice as much as it is for men. Well, the problem is that that pisses a lot of people off. Because what does that do? It sounds like I'm encouraging men to fuck a bunch of women and women to say, say, Sullivan, do whatever you want. I have friends that are porn stars. I love them as people. I just don't want to date them. I think you could be this girl, African and A-Truse, work for me. She was in like, all my videos back on the New York. People found her attractive. And every time I was posted, girls would start DM and say, what's up? I'm like, yo, this is crazy. Yeah, it's the way the female brain works. But I would have a lot of female friends in New York. Just girls always cool away, right? I would introduce them to some of my homies. Maybe somebody I want to do business with, right? And I've gotten deals. Yes, you got deals on it. You know, I mean, money. Yeah, I'm up female friends. But just introduce them. Yeah, other dudes, right? So maybe I'd do so to a baller she's happy. And then it's like, everyone's happy. I don't know what happens after that. I don't even care. The term we call that is value arbitrage. So made a deal. So arbitrage means I make a risk free transaction. If I introduce a man who has a side of value of a 10 to a woman who has a societal value of a 10, they then look at me as a 10. It's like you're clitting in geometry of A equals B and B equals C, then C equals A. It's the same kind of situation. So I've done this several times before where it has been the billionaire and the Ukrainian runaway model. I introduce them to each other. And both of them see me on par with them. That's the arbitrage. My status in their eyes has increased. And I did nothing. I risk nothing in order to do it. Yeah. So that's why what you're saying, of course, networking. I think about this, man, for people who don't understand why this is so important. Let me just try to take this back like for the survival of the species. If you consider men pre-fire, human beings create a fire about 1.7 million years ago. And in that time period before that, men did not have the brain capacity. We're talking about hominids. There's no homeless safety in until 200,000 years ago. But they couldn't kill the lion, the tiger, the bear. They couldn't kill the apex predators. Human beings were not the apex predator on the planet until what? Until we start working together as human beings. And then we are networking. So what we use say is, since our ancestors networked and those are the ones who had more access to women than then reproduced with the networking gene continues to get passed down. And so what happens is throughout history, you see a correlation between the men who are the best networkers and the men who have the access to the most resources and the most sexual access throughout history. It's ubiquitous. It's just the way it works. You even see it with certain primates. We're like the two beta males will team up to kill the alpha male. You will see that, right? What is that? That is cooperation and networking that happens. And it does work sometimes like that. But like that's the thing. And so we as humans, the more we get into our phone, the worse we become at networking. We can't read facial issues. Real life. We get worried. This again, remember evolutionary mismatch. This is the mismatch. And so we get worse and worse at being able to talk to other people. And so now our networking skill set gets $ and $. And so now the guys who actually work on that skill set have more access to deals. And they're in more access to girls. But I'm glad you're saying it. Because I am going to be the one to say it. I just, oh, I got called so many fucking names for for the last 16 years because I said this. And then I was like, bro, look at my IG. Again, I'm not saying that I'm dating the hottest girls. What I'm saying is I'm nobody. The whole situation happens. And you know, you're sitting there trying to impress these women, your trits in there trying to do a bunch of stuff. But it's very difficult as a human being to be able to compete with all these other individuals throughout history. And you see, again, the plastic scene, homosepience, what do they do? They networked and the ones that network had an advantage over everyone else. You become this incredible force. Now here's the other thing. What are like the most highest watched shows we see on TV? It's like the World Cup. What are we watching men with other men competing? Competing to accomplish a goal? What are we seeing when the Super Bowl is the same kind of thing? We watch people team up in groups. And I will say that I've said this a million times. The apex of human existence is accomplishing goals with other people and having a family. Those are the two things. And by the way, having a family is you're also accomplishing a goal with another person. And so that's why our species survived as long as it did is because our ability to network. So now when you guys hear me talk so much about networking and social media and all this kind of stuff, understand that's where it comes from. Your ancestors did all this work. And here's the other thing I want you to think about. If you're a guy watching this and you haven't been with a woman in four, five years, you're not doing well financially. You're living with your mother or whatever. I want you to think about the brutish, hellish nature that your ancestors had to go through just to get to fuck one woman. 40% of men throughout history and 80% of women have women have reproduce, which means 60% of men throughout history did not reproduce. That's the competitive nature of it. Think about all the thing, the predators they had to kill, the fortifications they built, all the things that your male ancestors did to survive, just so they could have one wife that could have a kid with. All that brutish horrible nature, just so you could sit there, like a fat fuck and play video games and watch porn. Think about your ancestors watching you right now and how weak you are in comparison, like all the sacrifices they made, just so they could reproduce, just so they could have you. If you think about that, then this is like, I would be embarrassed thinking about my ancestors from like the 1850s just seeing like, what, no, I'm gonna go out in a conflict shed. Yo, I tell other black people this all the time man. Yo, bro, when they tell me to broke, I get so mad, I'm like, yeah, oh man. Not long ago, yeah, right, my focus were actually fighting for us to have the opportunities we had right now. I get so fucking frustrated when it will black guy is broke because we have all the way opportunities now that we're fall for people died or, and people call me a cell out for saying that, like no man, you need to take advantage of that opportunities, but I didn't even think about taking it back to fucking prehistoric times. Yeah, I was taking back to the 60s. You are the result of an unbroken, almost block chain of DNA that it was all the way back to Australopithecus. The only thing I know about every person you've ever met is that their ancestors successfully reproduced. That's the only thing I know for certain. And so if that's the only thing we all have in correlation, dude, I feel so easy now. Do you understand? Before, this is one of my favorite stats for any of these pickup artists and guys were players. Before the advent of broad spectrum antibiotics, the simplest had a 58% mortality rate. Imagine all your friends you knew got, simplest gonorrhea, chlamydia, whatever. 58% mortality rate. No condo. Yeah, I'm good. Consider how crazy that is. You all understand how lucky. Dude, we're sitting here in an air condition, place right now, like it's, we have electricity. Oh, I want food. And then food just shows up. You little problem is, it's easy to be a lazy, well, fucking now because even somebody on fucking section eight will fare whatever their lives are better than like kings from 200 years. That's a great example. The example I use is Henry the Athe Diet of Gout. I know homeless people who can get treatment for Gout now. Yeah. Do you have no air conditioning? Yeah, exactly. We don't finish any of that. He should, he should shit out on the wind outside and not openly duplicate. All this kind of stuff. If you want to get it in the saying, he had the fucking called the jester. His wife annoyed him. He had to kill her. Like what? Think about all that. He kept, he had to keep killing him. How to keep killing him. Bro, I remember not having cable. I remember how boring it would be sometimes as a little kid with no cable. So our two have friends placed because they had cable or they had an entendout. I remember not having an entendout or cable and it was nothing for kids to watch until Saturday. Yeah. Right now my son, he can be got any fucking car swimming was to watch on the main. My video, your son can go back and watch every episode of the Transformers that we missed back in 1984, 1986. They can go back and watch every episode for free on the internet now and we could do that. So yeah, you're right. It's just gotten progressively easier. And here's the thing. Here's how I try to remember it. People can sleep comfortably and they're not in their bed at night because there are rough men somewhere else willing to do violence on their behalf. As long as we recognize that the society that we have today is only exists because of a few brutish violent men who are willing to chisel out this cubby hole of safety and so that we can argue whether or not men should wrestle and high school wrestling. But the only reason we can have that debate, the only reason me or Khalifa can say it's worse that you join the military than you do porn. Because at least in the military you're giving the government your body or whatever she said. The only reason she can say that is because men in the military who are incredibly violent were willing to carve out this cubby hole where she could say stupid shit. People we just forget that. And that's what happens as society gets easier and more technologically advanced. It breeds weaker men. And those weaker men as they take over and then you start saying like, you need to go to therapy and become more vulnerable. Are you serious? Listen, you and I probably have several friends. They just started telling their girlfriend their problems and the girl just left, right? You want your girl to leave really quick just tell her all your problems. Now if these women are leaving these men when they tell the problems and we're being told to be more expressive and to talk about our feelings more with our partner and then that's causing them to leave these men. It sounds like a trap to me. The American Psychological Association back in 2018, they put out this paper basically saying that traditional masculinity was harmful and they specifically talked about aggression, assertiveness and like stoicism. Stoicism is harmful? Like, who do you think like puts out the fire when your house is burning and saves your children? Is it excited, crazy, men who are crying? Or is it stoic? Yeah, it's like, it's just like the lack of gratitude that humanity now has for the men who get created the world that we're in.

=== FILE: This One Thing Will Make You Rich (Justin Waller) [7bmXIgBhbmI].txt ===

It's the only hobby that you can take with you everywhere you go and get respect. You could be the richest dude in the room and nobody would know unless you were arrogant enough to say it. Yeah, but if you're... C'mon everybody got to know. Everybody got to know. Is that a no man? I want to ask you about stuff. Up until the surgery. Every time I saw you, you had no one even sharp suits, man. Can you tell me the background how you got in the suits? Maybe why you wear them all the time? You know, because it looks super fly. And it's kind of like your brand now. Yeah. How that come about? It's just like anything else, man. I happened slowly over time. I remember being a little boy. I saw a business man one time wearing a suit. I didn't know what it meant. But I knew he's about some business. And so I was like, man, one day I'm gonna be a business man. And the route took me through construction. I'll find with that. But you can't really pull up to job when I'm one of these. So people would imagine that. It wouldn't even go well. Yeah, I update some construction in my life. It wouldn't take it well. But I always loved it. And I remember when I was building my construction company, I would go to Berlin to co-factory and buy a suit for $150. And there's a sweet little black lady about 90 pounds and I missed pot tan. This pot tan thought I was just the most handsome son of a bitch on a planet. And she did. And she was right. And she would cut my suits for me. I'd go see her and then we'd adjust them. She would tell her for you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She worked in Berlin, and she had like her own little shop. And I go see her. I just love the way I felt. And you know how they say that you look good. You feel good. You play good. Yeah. I remember from ball one in like I roll my sleeves up and tuck them in. You know how you do it? How you tap them? Tap them? I can't help bad it pinch my arm. Yeah. Yeah. And then you boy I tap before you. And they roll it. Yeah. So like the construction company started gain success. And about that time I joined the war room. And it's definitely part of our culture in the war room to dress. Well, Tristan's always in the street. Tristan's always on it. Andrew's not always in Su Satham. He doesn't have a shirt. Or Tristan always has a suit on it. Half time Andrew's naked. Tristan for the most part. Yeah. As they suited up. It was good for that. It was a big part of the culture in the war room. Yeah. About that time I started the online thing. And even like building the fatherland in, you know, go social media. You know, that's right. I started doing the podcast. I was wearing a suit then. And honestly, I fell in love with it. You know, you look good. If you feel like you're about it and people treat you like you're about it and treat you. And like it's easy to pick up that phone and make that extra phone. Falls is your suited up food. And I think that's really important. And then to be quite honest with you. Yes, it has become a part of my brand. It is a part of my brand that I love. Yeah. No, I think that people underestimate just how powerful your wardrobe can be. Bro, in your life. For me, it's like putting that Superman cap on. Let me go in his booth real quick. Both in cufflinks on make sure all this shit's locked in. You know, I pay a lot of attention to it. And it's not because of anything other than it makes me feel like it's not a other than it makes me feel. It makes you feel different the way you present yourself. How is it? But it also has an effect on other people. You know, if you read, um, one of my favorite books is influenced by Robert Childean. He sights how powerful like Susan General are, but just dressed as like a whole part of about a entire thing. It's the chapter on authority. He cited a study where they would have this guy. He would cross the street dressed like a regular guy. He would cross street out of red light. And not many people will cross with him. You know, sometimes when people cross the street, it wouldn't follow them. They put this same motherfucking assumed and like way more people would boil with them. So also some self-conscious shit. Right, you know, and it's a natural. Why not take that advantage? Why not? Like, if you sell every advantage they'd have. Yeah. And then that's the other thing too. Like, a lot of people, they might get to a certain place in their life and they stop looking for advantages. Not me. If you tell me I can pick a 1% tomorrow. Yeah. By doing one little thing. Yeah. I'm going to do it because if you get 1% here, 1% there, you get ads. And things that give you 1% that you get 10% better. Hell yeah. You know, that is like different. It really, really fast. So I'm constantly reading books. And I'm constantly trying to figure out better ways to do the online thing. I mean, then you talk about it all the time. And you can catch that 1% somewhere. Do it. Even if it's in here. Yeah. Because if it's in here, you will manifest it to be real. That's a fact. You know, your body goes, your mind takes it. So if I'm putting this on every day and having to look myself and not. And I look like where I'm going. Then I'm going there. Yeah. It's not even thinking to make it. It's not like being to you believe it. Yeah. You know, because when you believe it, you have hope. It's real. You believe it is action. And that's what the homey Jesus is saying on it. So maybe if you have enough. If you had a faith of a must to see, you know, nothing would be impossible to use. It's a move mountain. Sometimes it gets tired, makes you believe yourself more. It should. It really, really should. It's definitely something that's worth investing in. Spending time on. That's the other thing. I think people don't really hear enough about style. They hear about how to do it. Yeah. But you have to understand. It takes a commitment of time and effort to actually get it done. That's not going to fit you right the first time. This is a new time. I was looking at it that it's not slides. This is the Sachi time. Or just for you first time. Yes, first time. No, it is Louis. My bad. Say, I don't wear this ship. Somebody bought me this time. Yeah. It's not like I've never worn it. And I said, you know what? I'm aware of a brand new ship. Because I know brand and like stuff. So. What it takes time to get your pants right get the taper down just how you want it to hit. You know, because some guys like to go higher water. Some guys want to do socks. I want to be classically. Yeah. Handsome. It takes time and it has to match who you are. And you have to feel good in it and has to be authentically. You all the way 100%. It's got to be you because when that happens, that comes off of you. So the confidence comes off of you. And just in the small things, I've said before on podcasts, like somebody has asked me, why are you so dressed up? And I looked at that person said, brother, we're wearing the same outfit. It's the tailoring. It's making sure it fits you a certain word. It's making sure you feel good in it. Making sure that like the smallest details are taken care of. But you'll never see me wearing a gold watch and silver cuffs. Any watch out where the cuff links and the talk clip will match. Come on, man. You have to look at these things because these are the things that people are noticing. It's not a subconscious love. Yeah. The person is very well put to get in. And what does that tell them? It tells them, hey, this person takes themselves seriously. This person sees themselves at a certain level. There's a standard here. You know, case and point. You know, you talk about like suits being a little snug. I think a suit should fit you like a glove. Yeah. And that keeps you honest. Because if I put these pants on, and I feel like I can't keep them on, and they're going to, our, some is going to roll over on me like I'm going to be a little fat ass. Yeah. It'd get you a line quick because I got too much invested in these suits. It'd get fat. I bought a bunch of custom suits. It's like your son. I bought like eight custom suits. And I was wearing one yesterday on fresh and fit. Always wear my suits when I'm on fresh and fit because it's cold as fuck in there. Shout out to the boy. Shout out to the whole windstorm. Another day, man. Just to see them. But I'm bigger now. I'm bustin' that on the arms. And then like, you know, my legs, my hips and my fucking groups are bigger. So I get it. I have to change underwear for the same reason. How does that affect? You know, for the fitness guys, just shot just buying new suits fucking, you know, or can I get that in? I would get it adjusted. I can't. For sure. In your waist. Now, you can always go with the sides. The lips are not saying here. I'll show you. So all of mine have the eggs. Oh, you can always adjust. You can get a couple inches right there. Okay. See mine were just fucking tailored. Like to. No, no, no, no. So they want to leave a little room because you're going to fluctuate. Either you will fluctuate a little bit. Now, you're probably the most consistent person I know. But me, I'll fluctuate 10 pounds. Especially with these surgeries. Yeah, the surgeries. The average guy, the not Brandon Carter, the one that doesn't have the problems that his arms got too fucking big. Yeah. That guy, if he leaves a little room for that adjustment, he can still pull it tight. I personally think it looks better to go without a belt. Yeah, I didn't wear a belt. It's a smooth look without the loops. Yeah, because what that does is even come across with the part here. It's clean. Belts get in the way. They get old. You got to put new holes and then they get busted up. Yeah. So I don't do belts with my suits. See, this is all your suits custom now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They don't have to start with that. They can go to fucking just get a regular. Yeah, it's just like I said, Miss Pottenham, man. What I would do, I went to Burlington and I would buy a suit. Yeah, it's take it to the tailor. So if you're a young man, if you go get a suit from H&M, let's say. And it's almost there. Take that thing to a tailor, get it pulled up in the back. And you look like a million bucks. Oh, espresso has good suits. First credit card was expressed. My pitch came out. I had the whole hitch style. I was doing jackets from express and the button ups and stuff like that. And I go to a club in it. Oh, shit. But it wasn't really a club because it was in the north of Louisiana, where I went to college. So it was basically a hockey tank. Yeah. Yeah. It was a phase. No, it was ratchet music and you needed a plenty of this. Yeah, yeah, you need one of my first suits bro. I got it from this is grocery store on Queens Boulevard. New York on the side of it. It was just a grocery store. But on the side, there was a suit store. So it's like, oh, it's the suit store connected to the grocery store. And I played like $100 because I also had a rock with this tang suit. And I was like, right, that's it. It was like, I can't wear a tan. I washes me out. Yeah, I can't wear rose gold because it blends into my skin. I wear rose gold because of that. Yeah. We got opposite problems. So I'm wearing the tan suit. He had the fucking blue shirt. And I ended up with the tan. I was like, oh, that's flat. So I went and bought that man with the grocery store. But you can't suit. And I got that suit tailored though. I went to the tailor and that she was flat. It only lasted like, you know, a year. Then it started falling apart. But yo, that year. That was $100. Well spent. Yeah, I would challenge any young man to spend $100 to $300. Yeah, that done. Wear it for a full weekend. Go to Starbucks into your emails and watch out. You feel it'll change you in a very good way. And it'll drive you towards better things in your life. Yeah. It'll drive you towards what would I have to do to be able to be in a position of where a Suerry saw the time. Yeah. Doing it when I wanted to. No, things like that. I say that about atmosphere. Just like go to LA. Go to Miami for a day. Feel it. But you could also do that with yourself. Clean your vehicle. Completely detail it. Yeah. Next lay that suit out. Next morning pull up to that Starbucks. Yeah. Get your stuff out. Set your work station up. See how well you work tomorrow. Yeah. It's going to be different. It hasn't effect on you. That's why Jordan Ward new shoes every game. You say he said he just had a second mental thing. You know, it's mental. On the job that had back in the day while was pretty dark at the protest door. They gave me a protest suit. And they tailored that suit to me. And all we walking around man with the suit on is we're minimum up because you get out the wave. Kids are bumping in. You're some of a scaring. I'm sorry. You know, like I'm like 25. Let's call him. Sir ladies like it too. You know, it doesn't book over here. The evolution of the desire. It was a steady same guy where regular clothes. They put in the same guy in the suit. We met that he was way more attractive. You know, that's a if some of you're interested in if you're trying to get more girls. It'll probably help. Much of a loser. Huh, trying to get girls. You need to. Girls. Even if it's not a suit. You know, you want to dress for the guy. You want to be. Because I don't wear suits a lot. But then in my, I'm in the fitness industry. I like right. So this is kind of like I want to show the arms because it has an effect on. The right. Not demigrant housing. You know, but I wear suits when it's appropriate. And it's not just suits, man. You know, like we go on air is borderline, right? Our sweatpants on his boat. But Eric has his boat game down. Resort it. Yeah, he's stupid rich. He wrote he's all this is business for like 150 mils. And so long story short, he's got some boat wear. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, you have to look his style from the angle of almost all situations. Yeah. Every day, I remember being in college. And I would wear the football hoodie outfit. You know, or my sweatpants football. And I never forget a girl told me she goes no matter what you wear to class. It looks like you got ready. And I fucked myself. That's right, bitch. The point I'm trying to make is that you should always think about what you're going to wear and how it looks. See, regardless of whether it's, you know, casual fitness clothes. Yeah. Going on someone's boat. Going to a dinner, your day to day, even the gym. Dude, I can't wait to go work out again. Yeah. It's been six months. But one thing I remember that when I was super passionate about going to the gym, I would wear certain shirts for certain muscle groups. Oh shit. Now, to talk about when you look at you play good, shoulder day, I had these night when Nike dropped it. It's like kind of first popped off, sleeveless Nike drop it, long, baggy basketball shorts for shoulder day. Like, I showed them I like, early, or early, two thousands. Yeah, yeah. Like, why wouldn't you wear the shirt where your shoulders look the best when you're doing shoulders? Yeah. Why wouldn't you wear the shirt that made your chest or your back look the best when you were doing that muscle group? You know, I tested a lot of that shit when I was a fitness model. They had, they had, they had you come to like this shirt and Nike showroom. And they went to see how I looked on people when I was one of them. My goal is always to look like the mannequin. Yeah. I was the mannequin. Yeah. We like it or now we don't like that. You know what I'm saying, right, I'll put that guy. But I remember having it on other, you know, I feel like I'm ready to go do some athletic shit. You know, if you know, it's tricky for you. And even for me, man, like I have trouble buying, buying clothes a lot. For you still tall. And you got brawls showed it's like, you're a shit. You know, so they don't make the average of marriage shirts or pants. Yeah, they're making it for the masses to be able to wear it. And so you kind of have to find what works. Even my desire should, like, it, like when I wear like Gucci or Louis, you can have it. I have it. They'll do it for freedom. Oh, cool. Yeah, because they better on every one came better. Yeah, it's, I buy like shirts from Gucci. They tailor for me. I'm saying, because the, the waist is never going to fit you. Yeah, you're going to have to buy that shit. You, you're going to have to belt at least a large, but probably an XL. Yeah, it have them tapered hand. I'll do it all my clothes. So that's what I mean by it. It takes time and effort. A lot of guys say, it's not just what you wear. There's a man in a blue suit and then there's a man in a blue suit. There's a guy in a Gucci shirt, a black Gucci shirt. Then there is a man that walked in in a Gucci shirt. And that's the difference is spinning that extra time, the extra attention detail to make sure that it fits you and personifies what you're trying to achieve. Yeah, because it will not be the purchase alone. And that's why I'm with you on go buy a hundred dollar suit. Get it tailored. Get it tailored. Let somebody tell you that it wasn't custom. It wasn't fly. They didn't fucking know. They don't know. That's the cheat code. Like, guys want to dress fancy. Like suits are cheaper than like the Louis Vuitton or the, and so much cheaper. You look more prestigious. And the good news is too is that the suit wears off and you have to get another one. When I just look like you have ten suits. You just keep getting stuff. This game, man. I never felt like I could not have style. Especially now we're in an internet area where everything is getting cheaper and ratio. Yeah. So if you can just find a good tailor, yeah, get a good tail. And rest some time and invest the time into an understand it takes time and a little bit of patience. And man, you can dress as flies anybody else. One thing though when advantage to you have, you know, is you're in shape. So if you get in shape man, it starts every kind of fly. Yeah, yeah, it starts with a man head. So my goal is like to have to be classically handsome. And that means I could go from wearing a suit to being on a boat to wearing just a plain white t-shirt and some jean and some Chelsea boots. Let's say. And look good. That's because of the mannequin. Yeah, you got to be in a lie. You got to be in a lie. Good. And it's a little parts and pieces, right? Right. That's the good. So let's say you're wearing a white t-shirt. Yeah, but I bet I'm going to have my Ray Bands hanging out right here. I might make sure the watch matches the Ray Bands. I'm not going to mismatch these colors. The shirt's going to fit me snug. I'm going to show off. So those years of hard work. The jeans are going to hit a certain way. Doing a taper down to the Chelsea boots. It might be a little too tight, but I have a great ass. And I'm not sorry. When I wear my blue jeans, I need this in my back talk. You need buy today. Yeah, let me get yourself some. Buy it. If it doesn't come out, it's y'all fall. And when you get a shape made, I have a lot of expensive clothes. But the road is shirt is from Sheen. This is some fucking Chinese sweatshop shit. And it's like, I have a lot of the shit. My girl buys a lot of it. I'll bet it to you. But I'm in shape, right? So it fits different. And Ray said different. I was in percent of my shit. It's a different. I always say the fitness is the first thing you should. Fitness is the first thing. It's the only hobby that you can take with you everywhere you go. And get respect. You could be the richest dude in the room and nobody would know unless you were arrogant enough to say it. Yeah. But if you're in shape, come on. Everybody got to know. Everybody got to know. Is that a no man?

=== FILE: This SIMPLE TRICK will change your whole life [VrRDqfAxdV8].txt ===

When this video I want to break down a simple trick you can use to actually help change your circumstances by changing the way you look at them. A lot of times we'll encounter challenges or difficult situations. It may be seem so daunting or so arduous that we find it difficult to muster enough courage and enough ambition to actually attack it. And as a result, a lot of people give up, quit, cow or pal, act like hoes. But we don't want you to do that. We don't want you to attack your problems, attack your situations like a champion. Because your life will not be an unbroken boulevardering light. Your life is kind of a series of tragedies that you have to navigate. But I'm about to teach you a mental trick that will help you navigate life's problems more effectively as they arise. This is called refraining. This comes from a call New Orleansistic Programment or NLP. That's why I first learned it. It's a way of changing your perspective on different situations that you may encounter. For example, you may have reality, but there's two types of reality. Objective reality and then there's subjective reality. Now, objective reality is really just what happened. Right? Subjective reality is your interpretation of what happened. So, for example, when Trump lost the election, that was the objective reality. He lost the election. Right? Subjective reality, according to my friend, was the election was stolen. And he needed to overthrow the government. So he ended up being one of those people who rushed the capital home. And there's a picture of him hanging from the rafters. He went to prison because his subjective reality was the country was falling apart. Objective reality, yeah, election was lost. Right? But he was subjective reality can have you what I like to call, tripping. What I also want to show you how to take a negative situation and make it positive through your subjective reality. Oh, what you can think about this is it's almost like there's objective reality boom. And let's say this is you, right? In your experience, it's objective reality. Boom. You're looking at it. You see it through a lens called perspective, right? So it's filtered through your perspective and you look at subjective reality through your perspective. And that creates objective reality, right? Or your reality. If your perspective is negative, then what's going to happen is going to color reality negatively. Right? If you're looking at it through a negative perspective, then that's what is how it's going to look for you. However, if you look at it from a more positive or neutral perspective, then that's how it's going to look for you. Right? Two people can see the same event and the experience of different ways. Now, how do we change our perspective? Well, it's something called reframing. And reframing is something that is a way that you change your perspective on things. If my flight gets delayed, I'm at the airport. I see people flipping out acting crazy. Yelling at the plane, waitress. And instead of flipping out, you know, the objective reality is like the plane is going to be like. So I just look at it to the perspective of, this is the opportunity for me to practice patience. And because I reframed it as an opportunity to practice, I actually do that I want to improve, then it becomes a positive situation for me. And use reframing to what to influence your what you're perspective. Right? So we insert a reframing. Right? So reframing. Right? So for example, with the airport, I reframed it as, okay, this is opportunity for me to practice patience. And because I used that reframing, that reframing changed my perspective, which changed my relationship with reality. It's all real, but it's just the way I'm looking at it. That makes sense. Reframing changed the way you look at it. This is probably one of the most powerful mental techniques that I've come across. And I use it all the time. Another reframing is when I was going to quit drinking. I just said, I just don't drink. My sister, she wanted to stop drinking. She didn't have a problem. She just, you know, she just get no dirty and didn't want to drink anymore. Right? But she was trying to limit her consumption. And then everyone was watching. I can have some more. And next you know, next you know, she, she wasted. Right? The way she looked at it, she was trying to limit her consumption. I took, I gave her a reframing. I said, listen, abstinence is easier than moderation. Just look at it like that. If you just gave it up completely, instead of trying to do a moderately, it will be easier for you. And when she looked at it from that perspective, it was almost easier for her to quit. So she hasn't had a drink. She told me the other day in months after I gave her a reframing. So let me explain her reality was she wanted to quit drinking. Her subjective reality initially was it's difficult to stop drinking, you know, social stuff. And I said, hey, abstinence is easier than moderation. I gave her a reframing. And she said, oh, you're right. And then now she just, she does, doesn't drink. She said it was, it was definitely easy for her, right? Because now she's looking at it from a different perspective. Another reframing that we've used in a fitness industry when I trained in clients is sometimes that we like, oh man, died in it's just hard, man, because I'm hungry. And I said, no, man, that's not hunger, man. That feeling you feel, that's not hunger. That's your body burning fat. That's what fat burnin feels like. And I gave them that reframing, right? And what happened was they started to actually enjoy the hunger a little because that man, this is how I know the fats burning. Right? Because you got the Burmour cows as you consume, so I said, no, that's not that hunger, man. What you feel? That's the fat burnin. That's what fat burnin feels like, man, that's how you get ripped. That's how you know what's working. I'm going to give you another one. And then I'm going to show you how to make your own. Every time I do something difficult, right? A lot of times people see me, they wake and see me waking up early, four, five, 30 in a morning, you know, working hard all day, you see my calendar packing, but I mean, you sell discipline. Man, you work so hard, man. And I can tell that anything is difficult, but they don't know. I use the reframing because I do these things that most people think are difficult. I'm better than them. That's a cycle reframing, but that's what I think about it. For example, I was at the dinner with some friends and family, and then, you know, I bring my scale with me to the restaurant, the way my food, you know, I do it discreetly, nobody really is not a big deal. And somebody's like, man, that's a lot of dedication, man. I can never do that. And I just said to them, ah, you know, different strokes different folks, whatever. But in my mind, I was thinking, right, bitch, you'll never be like me. I'm way better than you with everything. This is not even the fucking most impressive shit. That's what I was thinking. But I just said, oh, man, you know, man, you know, you got to find the works for you. Because I had this reframing, I enjoyed the discipline. I enjoy doing things that most people find difficult because I've changed the reframing. Oh, this is what makes me better than everyone. Whether it's true or not, that's how I'm looking at it. Right? So I took something that should be difficult or arduous, and I refrained to make it actually pleasurable. This is the way you can create reframing, right? When you encounter a situation that's difficult or something you want to change about yourself and it seems arduous, you want to look for the positive. Look for the positive. Who can come good out of it. Now, sometimes things are just bad. It may be nothing clear that's good out of it. Then you could look at how can this situation make me better, how can this make me better? Two years ago, I was going through a situation. It was pretty difficult for me. I don't want to get into it. The reframing I used to help me was, this is probably not the last difficult situation I'm going to have to deal with. And it might not be the worst. So if the next one is worse than this, because I handle this one, I'll be better equipped to handle it in the next one. Or if the next one is not as bad as this, it'll be light work compared to this. I'm going to use this to make myself more resilient. And because I used that reframing, okay, I'm going to use this to make myself more resilient, I was better equipped to handle it a situation. Because I couldn't find nothing positive in that situation. Sometimes it's clear. Sometimes it's not. Sometimes you've got to look at it. Okay, this is just training. And a lot of times you're going to have to use that one. My son, if he's having a tantrum or something, this is opportunity for me to practice emotional control. I can't let it tire or control my emotions. I got to be in control. I say, okay, this is a situation. This is training around. And if you do this, life becomes like a training ground. Because you are going to deal with a lot of situations. It's going to be negative stuff. That happens to you all the time. The reframing is the best way I found to actually change your perspective to make these things easier to deal with. And you can do this for anything. If you're trying to quit something, you're trying to quit cigarettes or quit smoking weed. You're just like, okay, this is strengthening my will pal. But you got to be able to come up with these anytime you in the counter difficulty. If you look at it from the perspective, that's how it will be. I have another video that I want you to watch. All about dealing with difficulties. Check that out right now. Thank you.

=== FILE: This WILL make her WANT YOU BAD [Game God Goldie] [c8ipWYTpD3k].txt ===

Young Goldie was set players and God Goldie the one and only was going off in me. As other men's good to have the backposs. We went through your intro last time. When people don't know, you actually help a lot of men improve their game and improve their lives. When you coach these men, what are the main problems that you see that these brothers have? I mean, everybody got the same problem as like a self-love. So they're doing everything for validation outside of themselves. Right? And that's how you're always going to do some BS, right? So you don't really love yourself. You don't really sell validates yourself. So therefore you look for from everybody else you're looking for from dudes. You're looking for from females. It means you change what you do based on what you think people are going like. If you start there, you always go lose. Right? Because you always go change your friend and change what you wore. A lot of these do without no who they are. Right? They can't even direct the bra to get them what they want. Because they want to be what they think silly bra's life. Right? So they act the way that they think silly bra's life can get mad that they attract a silly women. You give them a sandwich. When you know who you are, you know what you are. Only going to attract a woman who is into you. And if you not a silly dude, it's not going to be a silly woman. Right? If you hit a woman and you don't really know what you like, then it's just up in an air. And she's going to take control. But when you know who you are, you know what you're going to get the woman in director to which you're all. But these dudes don't even know they sell enough to even be able to display. You know the positive things about them, the things that they like their hobbies. You know when I get with a woman, I'm always talking about myself. What I like, my dreams, my goals. I'm interesting because I'm interested in myself because I know myself. These dudes, they just they don't know what to say because they don't know themselves. And how did that fuck up there related to who it was with the women? You start an off-road because you're starting off playing a character that's not really you. So you're catching somebody on false pretenses. You can't keep that up. So then you eventually become who you actually are once you can't keep that front up. And the woman doesn't really like you anymore. But she's attached to you. So now the disrespect comes in. Now talking crazy comes in because she was bamboos with how you expect her at. If you start wrong, you're going to finish all. You got to start by being yourself. But you got to be somebody that you like, which means you got to work on yourself. And then you got to know yourself. These dudes don't take no time with themselves. They don't take no time with themselves. They don't even like themselves. I love myself. And that shit exudes me. Not only that I like myself so much. I treat myself so well when I deal with the women she got to treat me on that same level. Like a woman can't talk to me crazy. A woman can't even talk to me wrong. Even kind of wrong. Like I say it all the time. And if I sneeze and she don't say bless you, I'm looking to look in an average place. Like this might not work. You know, because little shit turned into big shit. But you got to have that such high estimation that yourself and you're going to make everybody who come in and treat you on that level. I'm going to tell you a quick story and I thought about this the other day. I was in high school. Like you go to the last table at last time you eat with your friends. And you got to a point where I'm like every time I come around on my quote on quote friends, it's like I'm always the butter the joke. So you know, I ended up like I ain't going over it on walk around a school by myself unless it eventually other people was walking with me. These dudes be asking like, yo, what should I do in the situation where I'm not treating right she doing, she doing that? Nobody had to tell me. I'm not being treated right. Let me remove myself. But it's crazy to me. If I'm in a situation where their man, woman, whatever is not treating me with respect and how I feel like I should be treated, I'm going to remove myself. These dudes have to ask what should I do. Oh, and lately, man, somebody's disrespecting me. I'm going to remove myself because I love myself so much. But when you love yourself, you ain't taking no disrespect. I see dudes man, they'd be like, almost scared of their girlfriend. Yeah, man. You ever see your scared of their wives? You know, like, this great. I see it on the sitcoms and people at like this funny, I'm like, yo man, but that ain't funny. It's a program. They see it on each show, it's looking like even a cartoon is like a family guy. You know, you see it all the time. It's the fat stupid husband with the wife who's sharper, who put them in check. So if you've been trained to accept things like that, so that's your this backwards, though, I wouldn't ever. And a real situation, the woman wouldn't want to be in that situation. What it do is like beneath her. Yeah, right. And that's why she's treating like that because she upset. That's not what wasn't her dream. It'd be with a motherfucker. She got there. I'm telling you, you don't respect yourself. So why should she respect you? I respect myself so much. I'm gonna walk away from the situation. I'll care what's on the table. When ladies are on our care, if it's uncomfortable, if I got to move, I'll care what it is. I'm going to walk away about my manhood. Even if I'm living with the woman and got to be homeless about a I go be homeless with my manhood intact. Before I let a woman disrespect me, because if you can be bought, you can be bought for a big, you see everything going on in the media right now. If you compromise on your pressables over some small, which means you can be bought, it's only going to be the right amount for something that you say is outlanded. You came by me over some little, you came by me over some big, you know, it's slippery slope. The first move is the worst man I'm trying to tell you. And that's one of the 48 laws of power, man. You know, a BA is like a king to be treated like a kid. You got exuded, but you got like a self. Yeah, man. How can these dudes get to the point where they respect themselves more? Every man out here with his fictional character, all TV or somebody that's you know that you respect. What attributes do they have? Right. Model what you like. Right. I have a thing on my program. Construction in every area of life, I'm how you look to the wife you want to have or whatever to see one of those attributes right now work every day to close the gap between where you are and where that is. So when you look in the mirror, you have some respect about yourself the way you look at that person or the rock or wherever your idol is when you look in the mirror, you want to say damn. Yeah, I like that person because when you like that person and everything else is different, but they want to skip that step. They want to take the shortcut. Yeah, they want to tell them how it takes work. Yeah, it's a work, but it's fulfilling though. Right. People they say they be like, well, what's my purpose in life? Well, if you weren't blessed to have a purpose on your mind, I say your purpose should be to become the best person that you could be and then get that person to the world to be an example because I mean, it's just one of those things, man. What's more important than being something that you like when you look in the mirror every day? Yeah. Because that effect, everything like people don't understand too and it's kind of off topic, but people who are fat, they don't understand it. Then being fat affects every area of their life. Their entire life is different because they fat. How many think subconsciously the energy leak that you have every time you do something? Secretly, you know, you're around people who aren't fat or you around your friends who are fat. You know you're going to be the last choice. You go to the pool. You're thinking about how I'm looking at you. You're going to the store to buy something. You know, so it's so much going on in the back of your mind. Everything that you do, you don't even know is being affected by this one area. I tell people outside, man, getting in shape and having a body you want will do more than if I get you million dollars. Because your confidence is different and confidence. Your self worth and self-immigence affects everything. You've read psychosybernetic for sure. And you know, that's what I got out of it is you're not going to be able to perform at your capacity unless you feel like you can. So if you don't have the confidence, even if you have the skills, your body won't even allow you to reach the capacity of which your skills are because you don't feel right. So everything is about feeling. So do whatever you take to become confident. That's why I put this it all. This might not be your thing, but I am make me feel good when I stand outside. It make me feel like the broadcast is saying to me, whether it's me having this on that gives me the response I want or whether I just feel so good when I put it on. And I'm acting in a way that's confident enough to get the response I want. It worked for me. That's a fact. It's almost like you've critten me wrong because you gain God on. But I feel like you got to gain yourself. Yeah, you've got to. You know, I love you coming to me and they'll be like, man, how do I get more calm? Does how do I believe in myself more? You know, or like, why I got so much self doubt. I'm like, yeah, like you got to give yourself a reason to become. Yeah. Right. You know, so I do the same shit here to do it. I teach it's called the list of great. Yeah. When you think about the diversity of something to come up with, all your goals. Right. What kind of attributes that person have? What do you get up? You know, what's his diet like? What's his focus like? What's he not doing? And what's your start acting in accordance with that? What happens is you start to like yourself and start to believe. He feels better. Yeah. And if I'm not fucking saying, you like, I'm not fucking hate on me. I laugh. It'd be like if you said I'm a Chinese woman. Yeah, yeah. I would like that. I have it, right? I know I'm a man. That's what I mean. That's what the wrong would be in the Chinese woman. What I'm saying is like, I would look at your lips. But you're crazy because you're so wrong. But what those say is he was right now. When you sell validates yourself, man, it don't matter. See, you say something about somebody. The times that they get the most mad at you is when it's something true about what they say. That's the only time. So that's why I don't really trip when people say stuff to me because I sell validates myself. I know what I ain't true. I know why I love myself so much. I feel so highly about myself, man. What you say don't even matter. And in nights, I was at 10. I don't even respect you enough to even care what you say. But when you don't respect yourself that much, and you respect everybody else more than you respect yourself, then everybody's words hurt. And then you're changing your front and changing who you are based on the woman based on the dude based on this. I'm not changing who I am based on anything but I feel because I'm the most important person. We only get offended. When there's some truth in it, when they strike a court. Hey, listen, I was talking to a body man. You know, my baby mama man, she used to say the most hurtful shit to me, man. But in that, you know, as I grew out and understood it, it's staying for a reason. And I may not be fully true, but it's something in here that's staying. Okay, so to me, when it's staying in hurt, I got to investigate why does it hurt. And then I can figure it out. And then I eradicate that then when she say it again, it don't matter because it's no longer true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's like, and once you built your character, I had to call it using the list of great, but what did you call it, and let your character construct? Right. Once you start acting in accordance of this list, you like yourself so much. And you know that the average person need to win the man. Come on. So come on. For some more, I'll fuck it. Some shit about you. It's like it's meaning. Come on, man. If you just run in a good couple of days, when you hit your workout, when you hit your mac, roll, you didn't drink, you went to the club and everybody was asking you to drink you didn't drink. Oh, home, you feel proud of yourself. You got to get different. You know, you woke up early this morning. You hit everything on that list. You did everything you were supposed to do. You didn't lose your temper today. You know, you feel good. And now you're string a good day together. A good week, a good month, a good, come on. And it just compound interest on itself. And it's hard to lose. Like, you're actually not only like yourself, you start hitting your goals, right? But the goals won't even be as important as you're like here. I was just about to say to him, you will start to feel like you think you're going to feel when you're a multi-millionaire. I know you have the money when you start to life yourself. Like how you look when you're looking at me or when you hit all the things when you're not doing the biases. You will start to feel rich. And then I feel like once you start feeling like that, you're going to attract that. Yeah, yeah.

=== FILE: This is FASTEST way to Lose Fat! [nu7Q8TMkUvE].txt ===

I'm about to give you one of my top fat loss pads and tips. This is something I do, a protocol that I incorporate myself. Every time I need to get extra rip really fast for something, because I stay leaning all your round, but when I need to turn it up a notch for a photo shoot or I'm filming a bunch of content or going to your mom's house, I turn it up a few notches get a little extra lean. This is something I've been doing for a long time and it started back when I used to do fitness month. And you know, I used to hit me sometimes and it would be like, yo, you got a shoot on 30's and I'm like fuck, I'm gonna see if I can get a little leaner. This was a one of the protocols that I would implement sometimes, especially if only at two days. And this is the 48 hour fast. All right, I had nothing to say. I'm not gonna say you and I'm just gonna give you the game, because I can't sell you not eating. But this really works. I'm gonna break down how it works, how to do it, why it's so effective and then at the end, I'll give you some supplements and some things you can take along with it to make it more manageable and less awful. So with the 48 hour fast, it's in the name. I'm only right now, I'm at the tail in the 48 hour fast. The last meal I had was at 9 p.m. I'll send a night. Today is Tuesday night. So I will break my fast at 9 p.m. Tonight. So Monday was the only full day I didn't eat full. I ate right for a one sleep. woke up Monday didn't eat anything. Did it eat anything all day today? My first meal breaking the fast will be at 9 p.m. This is super effective strategy because the loose fat you have to burn more calories than you can consume. And if you consume zero calories, you're still gonna burn calories. Some people work out when they do a fast. I don't fuck that. I just wait. But you still burn calories moving around. I still was going to places, don't win shit, you know, living life, breathing air in hell in oxygen, exhaling, carbon dioxide, you know, all the things that humans do. And your body will burn calories just doing that. But if you consume zero calories, you're gonna burn up fucking ton of calories. I'm gonna break down how it works in a minute. But even the why it works. First of all, it just burns calories. That's the first way that it actually helps you burn fat. You're just gonna burn a bunch of calories and you're not gonna consume any. So you're gonna turn this with that burning machine. But it also does some other things. It improves what's called lapoluses. So fat burn in is really a true part process. There's lapoluses and oxidation. The policies is the part of that burn you work. Your fat sales break down in the fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. Right? Because that's why human being store fat. The reason human involved store fat was to keep us alive during times of famine. It's really a storage mechanism. Think about it. Back when we was caved me in a shit, there would be long periods of famine where people couldn't eat. Right? Because if you wanted to eat some lettuce, mind it. It was before agriculture and on that, you had to go kill a buffalo or look for some berries as shit. If you ever seen a picture of prehistoric fruits and vegetables, they don't look nothing like they look now. Dimpschitz was barely edible. Gurgling one day. Over time, we have not just genetically modified, but even before genetic modification was the thing, we would breed different fruits and vegetables to be bigger and more plentiful. The same way we kind of bred wolves to be them little tiny dogs that holes put in their pockets to shit. You know, see how the whole would have dog and her purse? That motherfuckers great grandpa was a wolf. Fuhuhuhu fuck you killer. This bitch ass nigga is crying in a fucking purse. I digress. Just getting fruit and vegetables wasn't necessarily a sustainable viable option for the cave in the shit. They never seen an apple that looks like the ones we eat. The apples was trash. Very little of it was edible. Back then, so they would go kill other animals and eat them. But the animals back then were kind of tough. Man you have what the man was to shit. So imagine. You're sitting around the cave. Doing cave, man shit. Your arm hungry is fucked. Yeah me too man. I got these sticks and stones. You see that big ass monster? Let's kill them with these sticks and stones. And they would go do that shit. As you can imagine, that was an arduous task. Many brave cavemen died in that quest. You couldn't go kill a man at every time he was hungry. So they would kill one man with the whole village would feast. But damn, that's a lot of man with me. Right now, if you get too much food, you get to you full put that shit in the fridge and save the later. But to our caveman brothers, refrigerators hadn't been in veneer yet. They couldn't store that shit for later. So what did they do? They ain't at all. But they could store it as well. They could store it as fat. That's how you ask God fat now. And you need to watch the videos on how to burn fat. You can soon more calories and you need it. A good body still on some cavemen shit. Your jeans are still on the make. They could get a caveman swag. So it's going to store that fat for later. Like oh shit, we better store this shit for later. And that's where fat comes from. It's purpose is to use during those times of famine because your body's thinking oh shit is going to be admitted before this motherfucking killing another man myth. He got lucky with that goddamn rock. He threw it that motherfucking. We don't know when he's going to just get less stores some fat. To make you use for later, keep his motherfucking alive. So fasting actually works with your body's evolution. People say it's not natural. No, no, it's the most natural thing because motherfucking is used to not have a choice. Right? New study published in OBC in your research in clinical practice in 2016. It's found that ultimately they fastened, which is a different kind of fasting, but just fuck with me. Increased fat oxidation compared to continuous calorie restriction. It activated the policies, but it also increased activation of a crease authorization better than just dieting, a port according to the study. So your body also goes into ketosis when you're fast. And even if you're not doing the ketogenic diet, your body will go into ketosis. What is ketosis? Well, normally when you eat a bunch of carbs and maybe you need a whole lot of meat sometimes, your body will convert that into glucose. And that glucose would be the fuel that your body runs on. However, in the absence of glucose, your liver will secrete a hormone called ketones. And these ketones become the new fuel source that your body runs off. When you're in ketosis, it makes you what not hungry. Right? It makes you not hungry and it gives you energy. This is how I'm still talking to you and walking around breathing, breathing air, pumping blood. Even though I have ahead any food in almost two days, because it's the ketones allow me to do that. There was a review published, a journal called Metablas on the show that fasting shifts the body into ketosis within 24 hours, where it becomes your primary fuel. And when that happens, you're not as hungry. Just keep that in mind. So when is you start this, you're going to be hungry the first few hours, but by day two, you're not really hungry. You're just like in this weird, this weird state. I feel that a lot of work done today because now you're in ketosis. Alright, and we're going to talk about some other ways to actually improve on this later in this video. It also improves insulin sensitivity. There was a study published in the journal of clinical investigation that found if fasting can lead to market improvements of insulin sensitivity, which means basically what you finally do start eating your body was utilized the nutrients more efficient. Most people are very insulin-insensitive because they're always eating a bunch of food and a lot of carbohydrates and it makes your body insulin-insensitive. Alright, there's some other health benefits like a pop-a-g, what is this one your sales repair themselves? In 2018, there was a study done in public is called Nature, the demonstrated defasting activates of a pop-a-g, which plays a protective role against neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's, cancer, shitted that nature. One of the main reasons I like fasting. Not only do I want to eat a fucking rip, but it also enhances cognitive function and mental clarity. But what you get past the hunger stage you start getting into ketosis is start to thinking faster. The mental clarity starts to dissipate and you're able to attack problems and get way more done because when your body's running off glucose, what happens is when glucose levels go above, when 10, your pancreas will secrete a hormone called insulin. It isn't as job is to flush out as much glucose as possible to access glucose so you stay alive. Because if you didn't do that, you would die. That's why people with type 2 diabetes, they have to inject insulin because their body does not create it so if their blood sugar goes to lie, they might fucking die. So if you're watching this, you probably don't have type 2 diabetes, so your body makes it's only insulin, but insulin is indiscriminate about how much glucose it will flush out of your body, you know, flush out of your brain, every minute, this is why people get crashes after they eat a big meal. You know what I'm talking about? And we eat that big meal and then you get a little strowsy, a little sleepy. You may not be as sharp. I think the medical term for that is theitis, for some people who might call it food, coma, or whatever. When you're fasting, hey, you don't have that. Once you get past that initial hunger, you don't have that and you just have a sustained amount of energy and a sustained amount of focus and you can get way more done in way less time. So when I'm doing these 48 hours fast, I get as much done as possible during that time because I want to maximize that cognitive benefits of the fasting. So I'll pack my calendar full of things to do and I'm not going to allow it. It really is with my productivity. Now, how do you do this to make it easier? All right, I'm glad you asked. Here are the rules. No food, obviously, right? Drinks with zero calories. So obviously water or odd water, you know, everyone's favorite combination of oxygen and hydrogen. You can drink as much as that as you want. You can drink diet coke. If you wanted to, right, diet sogreens, you can drink pre workout. If you wanted to, pre workout may have trace amounts of calories, but we're not going to worry about it. It's not enough. You can drink black coffee. Look on the container and see if that's calories. Where is that? Well, this is water, sparkling water, zero calories. Oh, this is perfect. That's the only rules. And you do that for 48 hours. This is really most effective when you have to do something on the next day where you need to be ripped. Drop that in right before vacations while I was going to take a bunch of photos and shit, you know, I wanted to look super ripped. Tomorrow I'm filming Tana content. I want to be super ripped for that. And I was doing this back when I was modeling doing fitness modeling and it was like, they would let me know. I'm sure notice that I had to be fucking photoshoot ready. I'm like, all right, 40 hour fast. Let's go. And it's cool. I would also plan to try to get as much work done as possible in this time. Now, how do we make the fast in easier? Two things you can do. I have a few tricks of my sleeve. So the first thing you want to do is get supplements. I'll go over with supplements. We'll help the most. I got a broad of you supplements that will help you with this. I'm not paid by a company's or sponsor by him. I will take the money if you want to because I'll watch it. I promise you I'll take the money. You want to give a real one to some money to throw this shit I give it to you. The very first one I'm going to recommend is this stuff is called Keytoon A. Full disclosure, I am friends with the CEO. He's a good dude, but he doesn't pay me. I just like this shit. There's a clip of Joe Rogan talking about it. And how he takes this or maybe used to take this and gave him a lot of energy. That's a clarity shit like that. Even when he was a fasting. So this is exogenous keytoons, but it's keytoon esters. So it's different than the salt to your buy in powder form. Those are keytoons salt. He's a keytoon esters. They're significantly more powerful. The problem is they taste like this and I never tasted real peace. I never even smelled it. But I imagine it tastes like this. It's what it tastes like. This shit is awful. You know when a car is leaking fluid underneath it, I think that tastes like this. Lincoln car juice. Or maybe like dumpster juice. Like dumpster garbage juice. You ever see a dumpster leaking? Think it tastes like this. But you feel great. And the reason is so effective is to remember it. I said you'll be hungry and maybe you won't feel so great until your body starts making keytoons, which is a process. How about we just skip that shit? Why are you waiting for your body to start producing this own keytoons? You'll have it. And this will really help with the hunger. Like you will be significantly less hungry and a way more energy if you take this during your fast. How often as often as needed. I might take one every few hours. The bottle says it has a limit, but you know me man, I'll place no limits on myself. I'll place no limitations on me. But you should follow the instructions if you want. I'm invisible. Alright, the next thing you want to need. This one here, I'm reluctant to tell you about it, but I feel like I should. And if you play any sports or you need to talk to your people, I don't know this is on a band's selfless list. It's something called a fedgera. A fedgera used to be every fat burn is supplemented back in the day. Back when I was a kid. We didn't have prework out when I was a kid in the 90s. Prework out didn't exist. But there was, she'd called Rick Pugh, which was a fat burn. The riff you was mutton but caffeine and a fedgera. That's the A made illegal for a company to put a fedgera in fat burn is because I guess some kids died or some shit. I don't know. But you can still get it. It's not illegal. You just have to go get it from behind the counter in a form of this stuff called bronchate. So this bronchate is the asthma medication. And you can get it as long as you're over 18. You just got to go behind the counter at the pharmacy in America. It may be different in London. But in America you just go, you go to the pharmacist. You say, hey, look here, Saudi. What you're going back there and give me some of the bronchate right quick. It should be like, okay, I just need to see ID. Right? It should give you ID to make sure you win them off of a terrorist or a med dealer. You ain't about to go breaking bad with this shit and then a security. It's cool. Right? And you want to take this two or three times a day. If you do it, you will not be hungry at all. You know, back when fat burn is first came out, you can really burn fat. Because remember, you got a burn more calories than you consume the birth fat. A fedra kills your hunger. You will not be hungry at all. You won't even want food, which is advantageous when you're doing a 48 hour fat. So you take this, not only will you be less hungry, but you're also going to burn more calories right because a fedra is Michon is the multiple studies to dramatically increase the rate of the policies. Remember, fabric is a two par process. This is an oxidation and the policies. The policies is dramatically increased with a fedra. But it also gives you a lot of energy. This is a fucking stimulant. So if you don't want stimulant, I'll know what to say. You will get a pop initiative. This is been times I've taken this, back when I used to go out and party. I will take this before I go out. You won't be hungry. It's all you're going to have. It's tons of energy. You have more energy than you can do what you'll be of the burn more calories. Right? So imagine this is making you less hungry. So you consume less calories. And it's giving you more energy. Next thing you want to do is like some legit caffeine. Get yourself caffeine. I like to take it in the form of pre-workout because I like one of my ears tingle a little bit. I like to take enough caffeine that can feel it behind my eyeballs. But you all might not want to. But I take two to 300 milligrams of caffeine. You can take it in pre-workout form because you take caffeine pills. Doesn't matter. I use woke AF just because I'm cool with the people who are right. It's coming to you. Fucking pay me. But I still be shouting about because those are the homies. The homies out in Utah. This is the stack. And I'll take this like three times a day. You could have assessed your own tolerance. Right? Because that's 900 milligrams of caffeine. But the lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. Right? So let's say less than 10 percent of the lethal dose. I'll be fine. And also my caffeine tolerance is real high. I've been taking a lot of caffeine since I was a kid. I don't need it. I like it. I enjoy it. It's my only advice. You won't fuck a string and smoke. I don't do that. I just really like caffeine. That's not advice. I'm just saying. But I will take this stack. A fedra. Key to on A. Two to 300 milligrams of caffeine. Two to three times a day when I'm fasting. And if you do that, you won't be hungry at all. You'll have tons of energy. It'll make the fast almost easy. It won't be easy. It's going to sleep. But remember, we plan in this time where we're going to get a lot of work done. So if you can't sleep, amen. Get back to work. Sleep tomorrow. Sleep at the sleep when you break your fast. It's all good. Now you also going to need to increase your electrolytes. So in the past, I would drink water with salt in it. And I would take like magnesium pills and potassium pills or the electrolytes. But I will do it anymore. I just take this a few times a day. These motherfuckers don't pay me either. Maybe because I'm always cursing. But I'll take this shit elementy. Obviously, I got the watermelon flavor because, you know, I'm genetically predisposed to like in watermelon flavor. I'll just drink this anytime I feel any sort of lightheadedness, any sort of weakness. You drink this, you're so filetful. The big reason why people when they go keto when they fast. They're like, oh man, I can't do it fast. I get weak. I don't have energy. I get drink some salt. I remember before this, you came out and I would coach people and it's like, man, I just feel so weak on keto. Man, go drink a cup of chicken broth. I'll tell you do that. And it will do that 10 minutes later. They have me, man, I feel great again. Yeah, you just need more electrolytes, bro. You got it really up your electrolytes. When you're fast in or if you're on a low carb diet. So even when I'm not fast and I drink just two or three times a day, and I feel way better. And this something about this makes you a little less hungry too. But you just feel so much better when you drink one right before this. That's only reason I'm function. Right now. It's really effective in your fast and on a low carb diet. This is a must. The other should just be optional if you wanted to make it easier. Not necessarily this. You can definitely get up your sodium, potassium, and magnesium. This is just an easy, convenient, delicious way to do it. They should fucking pay me. I am a good at selling this shit. I'm gonna find those white people and tell them they need to pay me. Those are the tips, man. For doing it. And if you do it, I'm telling you, man, you just get super ripped. So I remember some people would say, yo, the whole brand is all steroids. He's ripped all your route. He can't be ripped all your route. No one can do it. No. Fucking moron. I don't take pictures of myself and post them when I'm not ripped. We're kind of dummy would do it at. What a fuck. What I just should like that. I fucking would do shit like this and then film a ton of content. And then post that for months. That's what's happening tomorrow. This is why I've been fast here. I mean, we're gonna film like 50 videos, take pictures all types of shit. And that's gonna be my content for the rest of the quarter. That's a little bit of a brand. It's been ripped. That's why he's all steroids. He's ripped here real. No one can be ripped here around. Still dumb ass up. Look, I got an asshole. It takes pictures of himself when they don't look good and post them on the internet. That's fuck. If you want more information on this, I wrote a longer, more comprehensive article on fasting on the benefits of the 48 hour fast. The link is in the description. Go check it out. This is a quick read in this free. All right.

=== FILE: This is More Important than Money (and you can't guess it) [lPlAP93oIVk].txt ===

Your baby seemed. My parents keep telling me money isn't everything and I need to spend more time with family But most of my family aren't on the same time as me. What should I do? I hear a lot of people say money's not everything money's not everything Who's out here saying that money is everything? Of course the money's not everything dummy money's not even the most important thing in the world You know what the most important thing in the world is oxygen is the only thing in the world that you cannot survive without for more than a few moments Right you can survive without your family for a few minutes for a few hours days You can survive without money for days You can survive without food for days. You can survive without water for it like two days You can only survive without oxygen for a few minutes until you die. What's the record? That's what Chad GBT is for her. I look here. How long can you survive without oxygen without oxygen? Without oxygen the human brain can start to suffer damage within about four to six minutes Survival without permanent damage becomes unlikely after around ten minutes as enough bitch Oxygen is the most important thing, but the reason we don't fucking talk about oxygen all the time is because we have it in abundance We don't worry about it. However. You started to suffocate for a few moments Oxygen would be the only thing you could think about you wouldn't be thinking about family money. Nothing else money is the same way money is like oxygen You need to have enough of it so you don't have to think about it the same way we have enough oxygen that we don't want to think about it But unlike oxygen money you can run out of you're not going to run out of oxygen. It's just always here You got to keep getting more money and you got to make sure you have it in abundance You know money's not everything there's other things going on right? Well people say they need to spend more time with family I get it if you have kids But like you guys in your 20s talking about you need to spend more time with family. What are you talking about spending so much in mommy? Is that what you talking about? You spend two weeks out with your mommy already that's what you're talking like a bitch you should go out and be something You know and the truth is like money makes you a decisions All right, you would be watching this on a better device in a better house You're going to the best house available you had the best house you can afford you would do more things for your family You need community if you had more money you would be living it a better crib You'd be driving a better car. Lot of y'all would have better spouses if you had more money Right you get what you could afford. I don't mean like buying girls. I mean like if you fucking poor Man you got to find a girl who's willing to fucking marry a poor guy and in my experience Well, that is cheap as long as yet that they're only opt or maybe they see some some potential when you but whatever Man's like money ate the most important thing But let's not demonize that act like it's not important because it definitely is when his natural disaster Some of the world would have asked you for they don't actually go in this man We just had to earth quick over here. We need y'all to spend more time with your families. No, I mean they say they'll give us some of that money Man, we need money when you money when you fucking go to church The one that passed around the offering basket. They don't say hey man don't put no money He'll probably meet it just spend more time with your family I mean they exit for that fucking money When is the disease or something something happened in the world when people aren't troubled? They don't ask you to spend more time with your family to help they ask for more fucking money So let's not pretend like the shit's not important You need to appear to study shell that people would more money actually live longer middle-class people statistically live significantly longer than poor people and People in 1% live a whole decade longer statistically than the middle-class people and not only did live longer They have longer healthier lives just tons of studies to back this up. There's no version of reality We'll more money would be left at advantageous this important. Let's not act like a sign of port But now if you want to spend more time with your family though, that's cool Just putting me calendar is a hundred and sixty eight hours in every week Let's say you slept eight hours in night right because we can't neglect our health You sleep eight hours in night that's a total of 56 hours that leads us with 112 hours each week right if you worked 80 hours Let's say you worked 80 hours you're working at capacity to get this money. That's gonna leave you to about 30 hours left I mean how much time do you need with your family? You know how much time do you fucking eat with these people a lot of times people say me and what about you and then clean And then doing when you know what else likes to eat and my experience family members enjoy eating food as well So y'all can eat eat with them. We're about going in the grocery store Man yeah, get out of the so go do the run do these chores and run these errands together What are y'all spending time doing watch TV now, man? We need to spend time getting shit done. Hey, man. We gotta get groceries. Let's all go to the grocery store as a fam And we gotta clean up man. Let's make this fun and clean up together You know what I say and do you need more than 30 fucking two hours a week? How much time do you need with them? Put it in your calendar if you got a girlfriend or kids maybe got some other shit going on You know, I get it But if you wait guy kids, man, and you just talking about spending time with your mommy and daddy and you were in a dog There's not the fuck up, man Go get the work brother make some of yourself if you got your own band. Leave it in this a little different listen brother I stop listening to my mom for advice a long time ago right just because you know She's cool. I love her very much, but like I don't be asking her for advice. I'm gonna dog You know, I give the advice out here. You know, you got it. You got to make you on the scissors brother It's the same time when it comes to listening to Paris. I got sent away to military school in the last 14 because I got it Travelling I haven't lived with my parents since I might not be the best person to give you advice on what fucking being a parent But I have a son he's dope. You can still hustle. I've been working 80 hours a week for like almost 20 years in a row And I love it if you love what you do is fine, man Don't let these motherfuckers tell you they love what you do is a disease some people might like you Oh, you I don't want to work there. I got to enjoy life. Oh, man I didn't tell you to work at some you didn't enjoy dumbass right? You can pick whatever you want for me I love helping people accomplish their fitness goals. I put myself in a position where that was my career and Because I love it. You don't feel like I work in 80 hours a week, but even when I worked fucking regularly as jobs You know, I worked for moving company sub we're securing but I had a goal a bigger goal in mine I wasn't working to survival if you're working towards it with a goal You know, okay, you know, I'm doing this now, but this is step-and-stone to my next level Then you can enjoy it because I recreation is not the only way to enjoy life Some of us enjoy life by pushing ourselves seeing our far we can push on ourselves seeing how much of our potential We can actually bring to the surface if you only enjoy life with recreation or activities That makes me sad right because then you lived that lifestyle worse like Though the kids from the moon or they got it as Friday I'm like oh, I don't even be known what day it is sometimes. I know the date right, but like sometimes Oh, should today's Friday Today said it okay. I'm not out here waiting for the weekend I enjoy life every day because I learned to enjoy pushing myself and seeing when I made up and fulfill them up potential Don't let nobody tell you it is wrong to follow your dreams even if it's your parents Don't let nobody tell you that if they try to tell you that man your fuck what they talking about it's okay They ignore them. I know it would be all the time If you if you want to get money and you willing to put in the work that I applaud you do was a time We're men who worked super hard to accomplish their goals for themselves and their families were praised Right, but I guess all this work like balance sheet world got super soft and everybody They think that well fucking lights a fucking playground But I want to shit his to fan you know the people who built up the enough resources I don't want to be able to support everybody and the people who didn't I gonna be out here fucking cry and complaining You just got to stop which side of that coin you want to be on it's a recession every 10 years on average We're about to for another one big one I fact we're overdue so when it happens what kind of circumstances you want to be everything ain't about right now It's about the future too. Okay, like I said before you got to find this best if you could find something that you enjoy I enjoyed helping people come to the fitness goals with personal training that I started my online training business If you want to learn how to start your online training business I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of online training the league is in the description

=== FILE: This is how a Miami Multi-Millionaire Spends His Money [AwsbSqqDVHI].txt ===

Been a little too nice to y'all Now I gotta up price to y'all Snake guys on tax to y'all Show the zork ice to y'all Frozen A6 hard to hate I'm all getting up all the day Got lost in the bar then A I'm flipping the bars I'm flipping the river then I'm flipping up Yo, it's going on to show boy Brandon Carter early in the morning Every day I'm making moves Getting money, Miami border They're enough of debt Four shots of espresso Mix you with the West Yo, quest on pay me the endorses Hatter you a lot of it and I'll take the money You said listen then I got this water mix with Elementing and ketone My creative goto the hybrid elevator I'll know if y'all knew that about me But the crib got a private elevator You know, pull up in the condo me Pull up in the condo Choose to the elevator, constrate to the crib Going down Door it, closing So I'm out here I'm filming with these guys For there is the gram Pay to some And one of the kids is late Fucking young people sawst You can even do that Yo, how you at the wake up F5 F5 30 I'm like, oh, we Even now so we're gonna get a real real tough and he's kids up The whole generation What's the YouTube page out? We all work on bread in thought Zero, are you two? It is and the bread in All written 10 minutes late almost It's I'm usually out I'm usually doing cardio by seven Just one finally showed up That was when that was you just started I had bread and I have one question show us what's your schedule for like bonding parts I've already been hitting the jump What when I'm about to say is not advice Are you ever remember I've been trained for 25 years so what I do is different to do what I would recommend for someone especially somebody new But I do full body workouts every day. No, let me ask you how long you been hitting full bodies like every day for about seven years I did it for seven years yeah every day. I mean, you know this rest days Like I said what like makes me take a rest day So it probably averages five or six days a week. Yeah full body workout All right, so that was a busy morning When outside the cardio workout then I did my sales team meeting on my desk bike Why doing more cardio that's what you got to eat yourself a desk bike or Dike right and now I'm about to train my students who helped build their home. I've been this busy How much I'm lucky have you made this week who's written you started all? So we got one new client last week lighter still week total 2500 a week Woo and we're at 5000 for the month about thousand put a month so far so only the 16th how much you get for the week 3500 and 5500 3500 and 5500 for the week. Yes. Oh, come on man. Let's give me a nod or round of applause. Let's go Kyle This is already about with three of HTT and pretty new I first paid it full 997 oh Man, so you do my scratch so it's pretty happy about the progress and you already got your first $1,000 within the we just say two weeks three weeks Three weeks two and a half I guess two and a half weeks you made your first thousand dollars eight minutes keep that momentum going brother HTT alumnus right here man, say golden what's going on brother? You got $2,000 this week yep. It gives the background of applause So how do you make as you can see my students are here winning band it in amazing results listen If you would like to learn how to you can grow your own life business business too I got a free ebook called the 10 commandments of online training Go ahead and make sure that you download that for free the link is in description Download free now. It's sure you got to build your all life business business Even if you don't have a big bottle and even if you don't have a lot of experience Even if you don't certified it's no law senior certified to be online trainer gyms want you to be certified for a short reasons, but I got my first job as a trainer at bali so fit this without me a certified They I was trained people. They say you meant to get certified again that within the first two months and I got certified It didn't necessarily make me a better trainer like what makes him good trainer is holding people to count them Like especially online training it's all about holding people to count them right because they can go online Find a workout plan or die a player. They can go to you to dig and go check a PT if on the best die Plan of workout man Chagg PT is not going to make sure that they track their diet in their macros every day But if you can do that they'll give results They will give results and people will paper that they'll pay for accountability Yeah, they think need but you'll learn more about that in the free ebook take a man's phone my train All right, so now we're headed to go see my niece and my nephew because Just got them a new playground set. We're gonna go over there. It's people want to install it for him They broke their other playground just was going so hard so we got to get them a new one Their day it passed away about two years ago. He died in a car crash and he was just like one of my best friends Like we grew up together in Chicago We lived we live the black away from each other Then we both got sent it to St. Military School and he was two years old at him So he went to Howard University for me one of the reasons I went to Howard because I wanted to go to the same school And then after college we both were in New York around the same time for years So we was all we was always together my very first video on YouTube He was behind the camera. He was there direct in if you go back to my YouTube agency A very first one he directed he was the cameraman for a lot of my whole videos like we was we was real close And then he died in a car crash even though I'm not there day I tried to help To feel that role as much as possible or at least it's be there like a like a father figure in their lives Even though you know, I know I never would place him because there's something would happen to me I know he do the same for my son. So let's go get these children to play for One thing I like to do is work when I'm in Uber. It's doesn't really resist I like Uber's and what are these? I haven't had a car For man alone for like 15 years and I was in New York I just took Uber everywhere and I'm doing this as I move to Miami Because I work in the Uber. I know people like to make fun of me online when I said that But I really do work in the Uber so it's like this is an hour drive to West Palm There'd been an hour of time Where I couldn't be working because I'd be driving some dummy sticking at the type of Why don't you just hire a driver because now that's another employee somebody you got a manager just only I got to think about I leave town every other weekend to go visit my son So what did driver go me doing when I'm going I mean when I go to this is my son where he lives I do get a driver for the day it drives us around everywhere we go Oh you listen what's up how you doing Good how's the build going Oh My let's go look for me Okay What Just done Yes You've got to watch I I think it is. Yeah. All right, so I got to get together in my presentation for this talk about the do of our boy Jeremy's Mass. I already know what I'm going to say. I got the outline, but I got to put together the slides for the presentation, so that's what I'm going to do right now before we leave. But I'm going to be doing the presentation on my desk bike, so what he did, cardio, done, wound and worked. Yeah, so the big home he way, pick me in the novia, you know, we had it the Jeremy's crib for the, I'm going to be speaking in the Mass of mine and I felt like it was going to be cool for Jeremy and way to me and shit, you know, say I'm in the experience. Wait, I, I, I, I seen you just using the gym and all the big building Spanish girls kept running up to not hurt, they had big blue, I can see it. That's what he was telling me. I'm like, and that's what I heard, so like, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was a bit up to six. I'm hanging in. Absolutely. Grind, it just head down, focus, how many people can I help, how much content can I create, just deliver in my purpose to the world. There's no reason that I've overcome everything. I'm overcome to not deliver that to other people. I found my purpose was to be the best version of myself and then show with the people how I got to this level of being. All you've been doing online coaching, you also help people with like other like business and you're a child and nobody, way on the field of liberty and say this or not, and you know, horse, he helped put together 10x health in all crack heart, those helps shit. I was right here. How many carers is this? Why did he get so small? How much is it about after a knife? This is how I weigh all my food. First I'll put the plate on the scale of people's heel button and put the meat on the skin. Call the family. So how long are we before it? I think it's a lot of things for each other. Now that it's much. I get asked to get it in your exercise bike. I put Jeremy on it. I was telling him, I'll listen to him. Actually, I'm asking for a test bike. So this goes up again. That's like one. And you can be on the day call day. One more call. I've never said a very simple thing about making money. And I'd be thinking about making money. There are tremendous amount of people out of potential, but never actually wise it because they don't know how to think they don't know how to approach making calf. And as stupid as it kind of sounds, there are actually secrets to learning how to ball and make a full load more money on what you're making now. Now, what I'm about to share with you is if you do it, it'll make you a lot more money. I'm fucking guaranteed it. But I know almost many of you guys are going to do it. But there's a high probability in this, like if I was talking to the normies, it should. People say work like balance. You really only got one light. You know, you got one brain. You don't think it would be like a CPU. You know, when you have too many tabs open, what happens? Yeah, many guys all had too many four hubs up. And they shut down. We've all been in, look at that, for right place to finish. They've got those hubs talking about. So there's four areas of, like, this money, hell, sexual relationships and friends and family. That's my best friend, white boy Brian. The reason we got to talk about all four because again, I only have one single few. You guys get it all together. Now, which quadrant you guys think is the most important. Money in the most important because money will make everyone of those quadrants that it won't pull back. So Brandon, how many times we work out today? But you know, I mean, about third workout. Started morning with some cardio on the ocean front. I walked like a mile in a half. I jumped rope for a little while. Then I went to the gym, like a pool body workout with a swimming pool. Then I was the second workout. And I'm doing work out here. But I'm going to cardio all day, like two of this, like night in the crib and a chair. Yep, him won't. He's also a lot of weight. I'll do work on one thing. I still do this. Just do this fight when he's working all day. You can beat. For a salary. Go for it today. I've burned over three thousand. Charlie 3000 and it's only said, Yeah. What's your goal for today? I go with it. Fort thou, can calories today? Because I want to cut a little bit because I know I'm going to eat. Three, three, darling. So I want to fire and forward down. Down, be calorie. How much protein you take here I know? Me, I'm getting three hundred grams of protein a day. I'll weigh about 200 pounds. And I know people say one gram protein per pound of body weight. Or even less. Like some of the steady state you get 0.7.8. You gotta remember those studies were done in control environments. You don't know what to take because FDA allows food labels to be 20% all. Take either way. So if you have some system where I have the protein on the label, 50% right? You can. So I just overshoot it. I get more than I need. No such thing as too much protein. You need to like too much protein more arching. But too little can prevent your day and so. I know I'm getting a protein. Plus, if you're in a deficit to retain as much muscle possible, I think you want to up your protein. And of course, the FB Maxper is trained for 25 years. You know, you're a certified trainer and nutritionally 25 in years. I think watching you sleep dope like you, Thor, and big amount of expert. I actually trained people when you was shit on yourself. I was trained in people the day and belly, so the fit rich ass. And I have experience in the real world outside of laboratory condition. That's what I base my body and all. You know, the actual subject training real humans. Thousands. Good. And real life. Yo, you watch so well. Look at videos and you think you were expert. So we've been. Max, let's take a look. Is this a fun time? You. You. You. Oh, the. Who won? Well, man, the key. I'm. He tells us you. You. Me. I go to the regular day for you boy, man. I'm about to go to sleep. I got the roll ball and you know, but listen, man. I got a free book that I want you to check out. Count up 10 can members of online training. And it showed you how to build your online fitness business because I was broke before I started online training. Like online training is how I made my first million and then I par late that million is it's a more million is doing other stuff. But it was the real start. I was a fucking bro boy before it. But you see the life I'm living now. You see the friends I have now. You see the lifestyle I have. You see what I'm able to do for my family from my friends from my girlfriend. If it wasn't for my training, I'm going to have that. All right. And I want to show you guys how you can actually build your online fitness business for free. And it either call to 10 can members of online training. You know, show you got to become a online trainer. Start getting your first clients. Even if you don't have a big following because I'd have a big following what I started. I started this in oh nine. All right. It's back. Somebody social media is in even in this. It's easy. You're in that. And you'll be able to do it. You'll be following even if you don't have a lot of experience. Right. You don't need to be, you know, some guy would pick these and train because you're just trying to regular guys. It just helped them guys get ripped. I've trained pro athletes and I've trained, you know, people in the full and competitions. That's more intense. But you're just trying to regular people. And more importantly, you don't need to be certified. That I had a certification when I started. But nobody ever asked me what was a certified right. Again, you're just trying to regular the people. So you don't need no intense knowledge. Really, you just got to be able to keep on accountable. That's the main thing. Any plan to work for the average guy. Any diet plan to work. As long as I'm in a club, that's a delusional fact. As you're a miscarpeless again, and then the protein in doing some sort of work out or taking it on a game muscle, you just got to keep on accountable. And you don't need no certification legally to be the trainer. Some people are relatively believe that you have to be certified. Dietary nutritionists to get nutrition advice. And that was a true. Almost every fucking all my training and you know would be a prison. I don't know where that myth came from. You only need to be a certified dietitian if you give them advice, specifically to cure diseases. Lean care of cancer, bro. We help when people get good shape. And now I'm going to show you how to put that together. I'm super excited for you to get their copy this. You book is it? You can download for a link in the description. I'm going to like subscribe. I got to have unprotected interracial sex. And then go to sleep. I'll enjoy peace.

=== FILE: Truth Behind Shannon Sharpes $50M Sxual Assault Lawsuit [p-R6nkbz3MA].txt ===

One of my childhood heroes, Shandy Shark, has been sued for $50 million for an alleged sexual assault. Former Hall of Famer, in podcast, our Shandy Shark with sued for sexual assault and batteries, he says it's a shame now. We're gonna get into it a little bit. Growing up, when I was in high school, I played high school football. I played defensive in and tight in. I went in both ways, no diddy. I was always on the field. Shandy Shark was the tight end. I looked up to the most when I was in high school in the 90s. You know what I'm saying? So this really saddens me. All right, so check this out. Shandy Shark made the alleged victim Gabriel Zoonig. They met in a gym in 2023. She was only 20 years old at the time. Shandy was 54. Hall of Famer, on and off the field. I know 20 year old guys, we can't get no 20 year old ass. Anyway, they engaged in a, what she called a rocky, consensual relationship. Now, according to Gabriel Zoonig, she was sexually assaulted by Shandy and once in October of 2024. And then again, in January of 2025. Where? Let me ask you a question. That sound like big cat to me. I don't know Miss Zoonig or like that. And I ain't never been rude. I ain't never been rude. But I'd imagine I don't wouldn't keep kicking it with. Oh, you know, they ain't giving them another chance to do it. But again, I don't know Miss Zoonig or like that. Shandy put out a video given his side of the story. Friends, supporters and colleagues, I want to speak to you directly and from the heart. This is a shake down. I'm gonna be open, transparent, and defend myself because this is right. This is all being orchestrated by Tony Buzzard, who is targeted, Jay Z. That's very important. So the lawyer who's representing Gabrielle Zoonig was the same lawyer who had the chick lying on Jay Z. And suing him and they dropped that case and the chick who was suing Jay Z, admitted that Tony Buzzard kind of pressured her to make up these lies about a hole. That was later dropped. That's important to note. Tony Buzzard is black man. I believe he's going to release a 30 second clip of a 16. The tries to make me look guilty and play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. That video should actually be pinned minutes or so. Hey Tony, instead of releasing your edit, put the whole video out. I don't have it or I'll do it myself. You know what happened and you're trying to manipulate the media. Hmm. So they only put out a piece of the video trying to make him look crazy. And we won't get into that video in a minute. They tried to inquest and took place during the day at her invitation. And now that appears to be a deliverer, coordinated by Gavin also known as Carly on only fans. Gabby Zoonika also known as Carly on only fans. You know, the big dog was on the case. I know what you think and I'm saying the same thing. What look like luckily when my home is man, a grand wizard chat nigga found some picture of a Gabby Zoonika or Carly on only fans. You know what I'm saying? Like here, I see what Uncle was talking about. But over here, she looked like a young man. A male school shooter in this picture, right? But this one was like, I don't. I feel you. Gavin, 20 bucks, but $50 million dollars. Got to eat. What they're getting is food for deformation. You're trying to take me down. My career is all about real talking honesty. I know my family and fans know exactly what this is about. And I'm going to be out there telling you whatever I need to say, just like I always do. I love all of you guys. And we love you too, no, diddy. All right, so listen, now here's the thing. This is right on the heels of Shannon about the sign $100 million dollar deal. They find out he's about the sign of $100 million dollar deal. Next, you know, white woman one hat. Because Shannon has gotten real popular. Like, you know, he did the shit with cat Williams. That interview, that one crazy got real popular. He's on ESPN. He's been real popular for this thing. I don't know if you all know the system. He's been doing his lakers in five shit. White side, backside, sunny side. Lakers in five. You're not beating the lakers without a healthy crisp Paul. No, I'm not so sure you could beat him. If you had a healthy crisp Paul, yeah, it doesn't matter. Crisp Paul, Cleopold, Jake Blanc, Logan Paul. Lakers in five, not crazy. This leg is in five. She's been going viral. CP3, CP3PO. It doesn't matter. Star war, then Luke Skywalker down. Chris, the way up. Break them all. That's weird. We're going to five. Yeah. They're my right. Phoenix Sun, three sun. We'll be concerned. The sun's by the set. They're like a divine terror. Shandishar also went viral about a few months ago. Whatever reason he was on Instagram live. Wow. He was making love to someone. This happened. He was live on Instagram with 5,000 people watching. You hear this thing you're grunting? Just here is a video that Tony Biggs be put out. I don't know. Anything I say, you're just going to get mad at and you're just going to hang up on me. So I feel like I'm going to go ahead and I'll find you. Don't you sound like a young man in my trip? Yeah. What is it? What is that even mean? She's not like a high school. She's not like a young man, yeah. Hold on, let me keep going. You want to be a dick in me now, so. I don't want to be a don't manipulate me. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I want to see you. Sounds bad. But this is a way to say that. I don't want to be a joke. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. I don't think you're having a choice in the matter. So he just said that they put out that little clip. Listen, there's a lot of women who kind of like being choked. They like it, man. They like getting slapped. They like their intuition. And I believe the Gabby Zoo nigger is one of these chicks. Let me show you why I believe that. Shannon posted on his Instagram, where she said, I want you to put a doll collar around my neck and choke me while you're fucking me. How does a lot of chicks who'd like you and choked? But she freaky, man. She want to doubt doll collar around her neck while she getting fucked. Ms. Zoo nigger goes on the same. I know you miss his big juicy ass. 25 k for each cheek. First of all, ain't no ass worth 25 k. A cheek. Ain't no $50,000 ass on earth. I'm a Beyonc, which you may. But let's look at the date on this. Boom. This is January. Would you say that to someone who sexually assaulted you in October? Of you, was later? That's how I know it was cat. Listen, again, I never been sexually assaulted. But if I was sexually assaulted, I wouldn't be trying to kick it with the motherfucking after. You know what I'm saying? If someone sexually assaulted me, I wouldn't be sending her fricky text after. If you put that baby gravy in me, and you can do whatever you want to me, baby gravy, crazy lady, fuck you pay me. Like it's a five. Ah! Ms. Zoo nigger says, the Shannon. Oh, no, November. Again, after the alleged sexual assault, I'm going to put my tongue in your asshole, and then marry you, tongue in the ass, love for the cash, run for the pass. Like it's a five. I don't know if you text that to somebody who sexually assaulted a month before. She goes on to say, that's my daddy, fuck. I want you to put a big black baby in me. This is why you don't fucking white women. They always say some court. You shit like this. Yo, big black baby, bitch at crazy, witchcraft lady. Like it's a five. I don't know. When I read these messages, sound like you want to get choke, and she want to lick ass. It was a baby gravy in her. No one needs to slap this shit out of the spit. Anyway, I think it's fucking cat, man. I ain't believing none of this shit, man. Come on, man. You don't send that to somebody after the sexual assault, man. Big juicy ass, bitch choosing cash, dick do the trash. Like it's a five. And it's like she only fancy shit. Man, here, look at her plan or ass on the internet. She only fancy what you was spec. Man, guys, this is why we are putting out thought repelling. Thought repelling. This is easy to apply spray to keep the holes away. You don't need women like this in your life. There's a lot of good women out in the world. We're going to have thought repelling out hopefully by summer, because every day, good man falls victim to one of these thoughts. She made that be soon you for $50 million. You poor, right? But as ballers, man, we need this shit. We're going to have this out. Thought repelling. And only repeals, he's only fan holes and all this other shit. Y'all'm saying, all this fucking being a player shit, all this having a bunch of women to shit, I'm telling you once you become successful, it's dangerous because you become a target. I went all fresh and fit. I said this, my fuck started calling me a sin. No, this is what happens. You, but fuck is don't know because ain't nobody trying to target your brokass, right? But once you get a certain level of fame, money, you become a target and get these motherfuckers shit, now it's like this shit. We also see more of this. We saw what happened to Brian Johnson, that vampire guy who'd be like drinking his son's blood or somewhere shit, right? He got sued by his ex-girlfriend. She lost that suit and he counter sued for defamation in one. So he's a fucking hero. You know what I mean? You're that baseball player who lost his fucking deal. So, if there was text messages with his chick saying the shoes going to try to get all this money from him, shit be happening man. They all get really stops out of here. So we're going to have thought we're pulling out by the summertime. That's a, that's a thought breeding season. But most of y'all don't have to worry about that because you poor. Ain't nobody trying to target you. Don't nobody want your baby gravy, you poor. So you need to stop being poor. That's why me and my homie Derek money, Bart, we're doing a free training this Monday. 7pm Eastern Standard Time. What are we going to show you guys what we call the 10 Commandments of wealth. We're going to teach you all about investing in stock market, investing in real estate, and building your own businesses, right? Give you a comprehensive strategy to build generational wealth for you and your family. And it's 100% free. Make sure you register for that immediately. We only have so much space. Last time we did this too many people came in and actually webbing our software crash. We don't want that to happen. It's time to be going to limit how many people can get in. Click the link right now. See if you can still get in if you can. Register for that. And let's get it.

=== FILE: Ultimate Cheat Code for Getting Ripped in 2025 FAST [4EC6nhRyZHw].txt ===

A lot of people have new years resolutions in most of you want to get in better shape for the new years. That makes a lot of sense because the average American is over 17 pounds overweight. I'm going to give you some tips, some tricks, getting the best shape of your life in 2025, faster than you ever thought possible. I'm well suited to give you the advice because I have been a personal trainer for about 26 years. I've trained literally thousands of people both in person and online. And the advice I'm about to give you will work for all mammals. Possibly amphibian is a reptile, but I've never trained one of them. So it's just speculation. I don't care if you got some genetic predisposition. I don't care if you got some sort of food addiction. I don't care what kind of wacky shit you got going on. This will work for you if you follow my advice. It may be more difficult if you have some sort of crazy food addiction. But that's like less than 5% of the population. Most of y'all just need to put them off of your candies and cakes down. You wake up food addiction. You just a fat boy. And we don't fix that for you. The beauty of fat loss is that it's all mad. People ask, what kind of food do you feel you eat or what kind of exercises you should do? blah blah blah blah. No, no. It's all mad. This way is simpler than you think. And I'm gonna break it down for you. Help you make it super simple and understand. There's a few things you're gonna need to make this happen. One, you're gonna need a cellular phone. Android or Apple, both work fine. I prefer Apple. But if you are a, dark, you can get an Android. I'm just joking, Androiders. I have Android 2. I got both to say, I don't live life scarcity, man. I don't have to choose. I get them both. Baby I'm rich. Anyway, then you wanna get some sort of fitness tracker. The Apple Watch, I think is a fantastic device. This is an Apple Watch alterate into Hikaniam series 2. But you can also get the Samsung Watch or a Fitbit, a ROOP, or my preferred method is the Ororan. It looks like a secret agent, so I'll wear it on my nicer watches. What you're gonna use this for is to track your calories. So these devices would track the calories you burn. Not only when you're working out, but even at rest. It's very important. And you're gonna need a food scale. Some sort of food scale, I have several. And you're gonna use that to track your macros. Track how many calories you consume because burn in fat is nothing but man. For example, every pound of fat equals 3500 calories. You gotta burn 3500 calories. If you wanna lose a pound of fat. That means we need to burn 3500 calories more than we can consume. So this is why we use some sort of fitness tracker to track how many calories we're burning in each day. And we track how many calories we consume. So you use your food scale to track how many calories you consume. And then you get an app called my fitness pal. And they're gonna just plug it in. And then it's just math. So let's say you track how many calories you consume each day. Boom. You're consuming 2500 calories a day. You're going at each day. Boom. And you're tracking it. If you're not tracking it, it's slack. And you know you need to be the 500 calories deficit. So you're burning 3000 calories per day. Then you burn 3500 calories or a pound of fat. All right. It's lit. Let's say you wanna burn two pounds of fat. That's just 7000 calories. Well, that's just math too. So you got two options here. You can eat less or you can train more. Eating less is gonna be easier. So we'll just put that there. So let's say you cap your calories at 2000 calories per day. Boom. You die because of those two pounds of fat in this week. Because you burn 7000 calories. It's just math. It's a lot simpler than you think. Here's where you may fuck up. For one, these fitness trackers are not 100% accurate. So what you're gonna have to do is you're gonna have to wait yourself every week. And if you're not losing weight, maybe you're not burning as many calories as you think. And you increase the amount of calories you burn in order to increase the amount of that you're in taking. You just start the calorie break and then see what's working. The next thing you need to do, you have to track how many calories you consume each day. And now I keep the food scale with me everywhere I go. So this, you can watch any of my videos, daily life videos. I always have my food scale with me. I have like little sling bags on me and I keep the scale in there. And even at restaurants, I'm at nice restaurants. I'm at parties. I was on my boys yachts over the weekend, tracking my calories. It's a little strange, definitely. And people may look at you wherever whatever. Fuck them. They fancy restaurants expensive restaurants and I'm tracking my calories. So you're gonna have to track and you can't order anything that you can't track. So people ask me sometimes, man, what if I'm eating like a casserole and I don't know what it is? How do I try to, don't eat that shit? But my wife cooks this stuff and I can't track my wife looks, man. I said that bitch to get her shit together, man. You demand it at house or not. Say, hey, hold on, eat, don't cook that shit. Or start a fight with her storm out and go get your own food. Would you grow for it? Or just get into the woods, man. That bitch don't want to support your girls, man. Fuck her, man. She's not on your side, and she's at, she's at, ah, fuck that bitch. I don't order shit that I can't fucking track. If I can't, if I can't, if I find it in my fitness pal, I don't eat it. Right now it's easy for me because I do the ketogenic diet. So I mean a lot of steak and that's on the menu. It tells me how many ounces it is on the menu. So if I just eat the steak and I don't get no sides, then I don't need my skill. But when I go to the steak house, I don't have the way to steak typically. But I will, like, wait a sec, you know, get this cream spinach, I dump that shit on a skill. That's going to be the difficult part. It's actually tracking me a calorie and not everybody down the door. Now I will show you some alternative methods of losing fat. If you don't want to track calories. But before I do that, if you don't mind tracking the calories, if you're tough enough to track your calories, if you click the link in the description, I got something called the Victory Vision planner. And in there is a spreadsheet much like the one I showed you, but it's a little more comprehensive. It has forms in it. You could just put in how many calories you burned each day. Remember, just look at your Apple Watch or ring fit bit or whatever it is you're using. Put in how many calories you consume these days. You could also put your protein and other stuff. And it's 100% free. Link in the description. You don't even have to put your email in there or nothing. Right, just right there. And that's going to make tracking the calories way easier. Let's say you don't want to track calories because you are a bitch or something. I'm going to show you another way, but you're going to hate that too. There's two other methods you can do if you don't want to track calories. There's only two things that are seen work. One is intermittent fasting. And there's different kinds of intermittent fasting, but I'm going to be talking about having a 16 hour fast and a 8 hour feeding window. The reason that typically works with people is for two reasons. One is difficult to eat in a caloric surplus, meaning eat more calories than you burn in that 8 hour feeding window. You will almost have to try to do it. Now especially if you're mindful and you're trying to eat healthy during that time, you're not just saying, man, my fucking feeding window is open, man, fucking, I'm going to eat this whole thing at ice cream and long as you're not an asshole about it, you should be in a caloric deficit. So what that looked like for me, I did that for five years in a row before I went keto. And what I did was I wouldn't eat until 3 p.m. That would be my first meal. So before 3 p.m. I just had nine calorie drinks, water, coffee, coffee has very little calories. But black coffee, the often you don't put no sugar in a cream in it or pre-work out, that was kind of my preferred method. A lot of people like black coffee, but I kind of graduated way, it's just pre-work out because it has way more caffeine. And the caffeine kind of blocks your hunger and gives you energy because you ain't had no food. I had my first meal at 3 and I had my last meal around 10 or 11. Ish, right? It wasn't like a strict 168, you know, I would only eat during that window. And most people, they can make that happen and they just don't eat as much in there in pretty good shape. I did that for years. That's method number one. And you can typically lose weight without having to track your calories. The next method for those you don't want to track your calories is something I've been doing even before I went keto. Before I did intermittent fasting, this is what I would do for a long time. You know, every time I wanted to cut basically my 20s and I've also used this to train a lot of, you know, people who I knew I couldn't get them to track their calories and I knew I couldn't get them to fast. I would have them do this. Take an eat meat, eggs, cheese, nuts and green leafy vegetables. So when I say green leafy vegetables, I mean you can eat motherfucking spinach, kale. Maybe some Brussels sprouts. But you can't eat fucking potatoes or vegetables, no, no, it's not green and it's not leafy. Only eat green leafy vegetables. What about fruit? No, man, you don't need fruit. There is enough vitamins from the green vegetables. You'll be fine. Basically kind of keto without calling a keto because I was doing this before keto was cool. Before I was in the middle of an intermittent fasting, I would do this in college in the early 2000s when I wanted to cut every time I train somebody and they were going to track their macros. I was like, all right, you're going to own meat and vegetables home and they would always lose weight. Because these foods are set for the nuts and that's in the cheese. These foods are not glorically dense. At least not as glorically dense as rice pasta and all the stuff. Nothing wrong with carbs. When I say carbs are evil, calm your goofy ass down. I know you want to fucking spazz out about it. Whatever loser, if you want to eat carbs and you gotta eat the due intermittent fasts and you gotta track your macros. This is for people who don't want to do either one of those. If you track your macros, you can eat fucking anything. As long as you're getting the right amount of calories. If you want to eat carbs, but you don't want to track your macros, then you have to do intermittent fasts. If you don't want to track your macros, but you want to be able to eat all day, then you gotta go and meet cheese and vegetables. You gotta pick one of the three diet options. Number one, track calories. Two, intermittent fasts and 168, 16 hour fasts in our feeding window. Three, meat and veg. Those are the options. Right? Now, if you track your calories, you can eat anything. As long as it's the right amount of calories. If you're doing intermittent fasts, then you can eat anything for eight hours. Within reason, it's not a challenge asshole. You could still fuck this up, right? It's not a fucking challenge. Just be fucking reasonable. Meet and vegetables. You can eat anytime, but there's some limitation. Hey asshole, this is not a fucking challenge either. Say, or can I get fat off me and vegetables? You can't. If you say, hey, I'm just going to eat a fucking pound of bacon, multiple times a day. And I'm even pound some bacon and I'm a fry-smitted. You could fuck this up too asshole. Either one of these work. Nothing works better than tracking your calories because it's mad. You can't fuck it up. These other two ain't sure the work of you. Yo, ass don't want to try calories man, so don't expect the same results. That was a simple way. What about those of you who want to take it to the next level? No, I don't mean roids, but close. There are some things that will take it to the next level. And I call this the King Keto illegal stack. It's only illegal if you're like in the NCAA or if you play a sport where you get your heart test it, you'll see what. The Keto illegal stack illegal, you can get it anywhere, but it's just a name. I like this. We'll take it to the next level. All right. And these are supplements you're going to take 10 hands. Your fat burning ability. Number one is caffeine. We want to say two to 300 milligrams. caffeine does two things to help you burn fat. Remember, you have to burn more calories soon to burn fat. caffeine has been proven to reduce hunger and cravings, but it also gives you more what energy. So you can burn more of these motherfucking calories because you have more energy. You want to take at least 200 300 milligrams. Then we want to take this stuff called a fedra. Now a fedra, I've been taking this since I was 16. Back in my day, in the 1990s, a fedra was in every fat burning supplement. You can buy it. Just go, you can go to G and C or to buy a new shop by fat burner. Nine times out of 10 ahead of a fedra in it. It's illegal to put it in bodybuilder supplements now. It helps you burn fat the same way. It's a potent appetite suppress it. You will not be hungry. In fact, your biggest problem is you may not eat enough if you take a fedra. It's helping you eat less and move more so you burn more calories than you consume. But a fedra also does something else. So study showed a fedra helps you burn fat in a way that caffeine doesn't. So that loss is a two part process. Lepolicis and oxidation. Lepolicis is when the fat cell is broken down in the fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. That he show a fedra helps induce lapolicis, which is the first part of burning fat. But it's going to give you energy so you'll be able to burn off in fatty acids. Now you can't get a fedra in bodybuilder supplements. I think some kids died or some shit some folks should happen. Right. They was doing something wacky and they died. But you can't get it. Brock 8 and America you go to CVS or Walgreens or whatever any drug store. You just go to the pharmacist and you've got to give me ID. So they make sure you get out of here breaking bad or something. I don't know if I'm going to make a met out of there's something you've got to show me ID and then say go. I want some of that Brock 8 and then shoot us give it to you. You understand? Just make sure you get out of my fucking dope dealer. If you are a dope dealer, just help stop. They probably only can buy this. So probably more free. But if you're not a convicted dope dealer, then you can get you some Brock 8. Remember this is a stack so we're taking all these together. So you're going to get this through via Brock 8. You just take one pill and then the next one is this shit call, ketone 8. Now this shit tastes like gorilla piss. It's different than the ketone powders you get because the ketone powders are ketone saw. This is what's called a ketone ester which is fucking different. It's way stronger and it's way more potent. You take yourself a cap full of Brock 8. I'm never drink the piss of gorilla but if I had to imagine what it tastes like, this is it? Or maybe if you ever see a dumpster link leaking? That's what I imagine this tastes like, dumpster juice. You want to take a cap full of his dumpster juice? One to two cap fulls. Now what does this does for you? It gives you a ton of energy. So basically especially if you're doing intermittent fasting or if you're doing the meat and veg diet, you don't have to be on keto to do this. But you're kind of on keto if you're doing the meat and veg diet and during this 16 hours, what do you think your body's running off of? Yeah, ketones, right? Or it should be, it doesn't have glucose. Your body is not running off glucose. When you want to traditional Western diet eating carbohydrates, your body converts carbohydrates in the glucose or glycogen. The that's your body's primary fuel. In the absence of carbohydrates, there's no glucose or release in that as much. So then your liver starts to produce these things called ketones and those become the new fuel that your body runs off of. That's where the ketogenic diet comes from right near you're running off ketones as a post-aclucose. The ketones esters, your body views them as another fuel source. They view them like ketones. Right? If this does is when you're fasting or if you're just on this meat-evestable diet, what happens is, especially when you're trying to get used to it, you might feel weak. You know, it takes a bit of adjustment to get used to it, either one of those. If you take the ketone a during that time, boom, now your body has a new fuel source. You can take this even if you eat carbs, like even if you're eating carbs and you're tracking your calories, having an additional fuel source. So you're just going to give you more energy. If you take ketone esters, you will have an additional fuel source so you'll have more energy and they help reduce hunger. One of the main reasons people typically lose weight on keto is one is the food is less calorically dead, but it blunts hunger. This will get rid of most of your cravings and give you more energy. A lot of your eating carbs. Remember, this is a stack so we're going to take these together. Two to three hundred milligrams of caffeine. One brakate, get the right amount of fadre. One to two caps of ketones. Do that two to three times a day. People say that's so much caffeine. No, you just a pussy, man. All right, let go Google it right now. The lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. If you took this three times a day, you only have 900. Less than 10 percent of lethal doses. That ain't even going to come close to killing you. Less you a baby. If you fucking die from the shit, that's just natural selection. Brother, that's just Darwin trying to stop you from passing on your inferior genes. Go f***. So basically, you got three diet options. Who's your own adventure? If you're going to track calories, I'd highly suggest you download the Victor revision planner so you can start tracking it. That's why I'm tracking them on no matter what. If you want to take it to the next level, get this key to a legal stack. This is not going to work if you're on the 18. I don't think you can buy this. If you're on the 18, listen, you'll get rip super fast, super easy. If you want some more help with this, I have a free fat loss guy. I'll put the link in the description. You can get there right now.

=== FILE: WARNING Women Will Ruin Your Life [cNNSCb9TS7s].txt ===

What were some of the things you learned going through that situation you went through with the girl who was pregnant? You know, and then she was kicking it with your eye, going on your hop's park. Yes. You really trying to throw your name through the mud, man. Some of the people may not know what happened. Maybe you can just break down what happened with that. Yeah, so you know, he was both outside doing this thing. Yeah, you was outside. Now we're gonna shit. Yeah, you know, how's our client's table? And basically, he had a bunch of girls there. Yeah, some were agents, some were spanics and white. I bought some girls too. Yeah, well two girls. I was like, okay, fine piece of agent meat over there. Yeah, I was like, I'm gonna get the Instagram real quick. Slide my phone. Yeah. Get Instagram. Got the grant. Y'all don't do phone numbers no more. In my day, you had to carry around a pen. Thank you all. Yeah. All right. No, this is I'm learning a lot. Some's clicked on other data point, you know, and we meet up, things go down. Just more like, all right. This is fun. You know, like, this is lit. Yeah. My young, I'm doing my thing well. The people are just like a far to course. Like, yeah. And my, me today, she's with you Joe Smollett. This is what it is. Right. What is it? I think I'm nothing of it. And then, of course, you know, my, my slick commentary is here. Like, Get the printer. I remember seeing you in the gym. Yeah. He was like, Get a man. I'm dating this new chick. Man, you show me a picture of her. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me about it. I was like, pop man and I never did anything before. I did one in the past, but it wasn't like that kind of real Asian. It was like, I'm like, I'm American age, right? Yeah. She was like straight straight out the sweat. She's like, she used to make Jordan's when she was a kid or something, right? It was fun, man. But you know what, I took it to far in a way. I kind of went too close to the sun. Because I was like, teetering on like, kind of like playing the game too hard. So I'm like, why even a little? No, no, I was actually kind of like playing along way too much. Could typically I like cut it off like earlier. You know, it was best-based time move base. Have a little fun. Okay. This is a cool name. Yeah. I used to tell the home, we've made three and out. Yeah. You can't let it get another first down. Like, it's not supposed to close to the end zone. Burn them. You're like, I can three and out. Bring out. Burn them boy here. Legendary artists, right? Well, he's going to check for like two five months and then next one. Yeah. So it was like, I let it back into the streets, but it didn't like when I did it. They didn't want to let go. It was like, I must stay with the chocolate man. Yeah. That was like, alright, bro. This kind of crazy. Because like, I ain't about to check for the quickest far to like, stay with the boss to BBC. I was like, got it down. So it was almost like, like, tick me or I'm going to expose you for something. And like, hmm, oh, go ahead. She was threatened. You should all slide them. Blackmail me. You think I'm black? I'm a bit of black. I'm a bit of black man. It taught me that like, uh, sometimes you got to like just one and done, you know, hitting it multiple times. It's cool, but like, so I just got one and done. But what was she saying to me is, what did she do, man? Because sometimes we were all in the, they don't understand. So basically what I was, I realized what was going on. We're like, we're all the fools, right? But I've also different level. I'll show them, learn fromation. You've got to understand a lot of old girls just by being around them, right? And then I was like, yo, you know what? This is a little bit too much for me. I don't want to play this game anymore. I could feel like right now what I'm seeing with the three phones and then like random niggas, just like, she had three phones. Yeah, through phones. I'm like, wake up through phones. Here are my crib now, bro. This is just going to look a little bit dicey. So that's all I've to leave. And then um, we later get a phone call. Oh, I'm like, bro. Like, yo, keep that shit to yourself and they go. And then um, you're like, yo, congratulations. Yeah, I follow Nick is that hit it. I'm like, oh, shit, like, and then Nick is hit it. Oh, shit. So we, we'll hit the same thing. I'll just smash the homies. She's smashing everybody. And then I was like, I'm going to send back the streets because I think I'm done now. Because typically, right? For example, this is always the Miami. One minute, she's a touring, future, but like, Nick is already a future. Just no relationship, right? And then one minute, she's with a promoter and she's, we use like, I cool, we all have our fun back the streets. But she don't want that go, bro. As she was saying, she was pretty. She didn't know. She think I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. She's like, well, so I don't know if it's true or not. But what I do know is that like, it could have anybody's baby. That's why we came up with that repelling. I would have had earlier, man. It would have been great. I was thinking, you know what, man. I'm a little Asian nephew, man. Not a good. I thought he was going to teach me karate. I was excited. It would have died. But if I spread it, it would have died instantly, bro. It's almost like she was a cloud chasing off that shit. No. Yeah. And you know, it's funny. She's trying to get cloud from it and like, nobody cares. There was a lot of, oh, because I was in the story. Yeah, she was going on like other podcasts, he was a other platform. She didn't understand. That's shit. Fuckin' nothing against you. Yeah. Yeah. She was funny yourself. Like, I'm a fan of you, if you're a myron. But so, if you like fresh and fit, a lot of fresh and fit content that's not made by fresh and fit, comes on your timeline. And I was like, oh, shit. What's right? Into now. I got people, everyone saw those videos, but it was almost like, almost like, if like, first time I was in a new cycle, we're like, I didn't know people knew me like that. I'm not, you know, so far, right? Nicki Minaj is X. Yeah. Some turn out moccas, I'm like, is it bro? I know your shit. I'm like, how can I know my shit? Oh, with aging girl, I'm like, oh, shit. Just funny as fuck. Because people knew me from that. No, I was like, that's insane. It worked out. She got caught up in a lie and actually got exposed. And then, learn nothing. Hey guys, no one's perfect. You got to make mistakes along the way. And like, you know, obviously that would have holes a little bit too much. Yes, what was some of the lessons you learned from that situation? You could go to our black wingsman. We'll see. We'll see. Well, I did learn that like right now where I'm at. I can't indulge in too much craziness. Yeah. And I got to understand on a deeper level, the holes, man. And we need to stand the holes, bro. Yeah. You can understand a game. You can maneuver. Now, obviously you may get caught up here and there, but like, if you understand what's happening, the marketplace and where you're at, you can kind of say where you want to end up, where you want to fall. Yeah. So no, I know where I want to fall. I want to enjoy life still. And nice, chill girl that understands life is more than about cloud. Yeah. Yeah. And you know what? I've had crazy situations like that when I was your age, but like people would be no me. That was just a regular guy. That's the thing. You know, it's so nice. Yeah. When you make these mistakes and the public guys, news, right? But there's a lot of guys go through shit. I went through similar situations like that, but nobody knew. I'm like 11 years old and you were some shit wreck. One thing I would say, man, is you know what I think you become like, you be around. Right. You know, we hear that all the time, but whatever reason, Nick is don't take that into account with the hose. Like these are people too. They need love too. Yeah. No, but you got to understand, like, you got to be real discriminated about the kind of chicks you bring into your life, because if they have a chaotic life, yeah, then that's going to infiltrate your life. And not even just that, right? If they just have bad energy, you know, like, somebody who's negative all the time, or have bad energy, like if you bring that person in your life, then you inherit that shit. One thing I would tell all the other guys, and this is a good lesson is man, just really vet the women you letting your life, not just based off looks, but also just, is there a life peaceful? Now, it's difficult in my am. But I moved out of the world with a girlfriend. I imported it. I literally brought sand to the beach. I've got to go, I've got to get a normal one and bring it down here. Keep your stable. Not getting sand. And 100% less alert. Yeah. Yeah. So now you're moving you, you dealing with chicks who got a better head on their shoulders, so I imagine. What's the level, man? But, but, but, you know what it is? I spend less time indulging the horses that they've done with such an answer. I focus on business now, focus on these people, make connections. And that's the best focus, you know, I did a little, make it. It's all right, I think a little bit. Listen, guys, listen, you're listening. All right, listen, really vet the women you bring in your life, guys. That's it, because if they get, if they have any any kind of chaotic shit and you're like, you inherit all of it. If she's got a fucking crazy relationship with her family, you wouldn't inherit that. Like you become like a people you're around. Like no bullshit. Like she got a drug habit. The problem is, like, you know, testosterone is a really powerful thing, you know? With black bro, you know what I said? And no, you ain't got to tell movement. I've been black sister, beginning. You know, it's day one. Since I've been black, it's night, night, and two, man. And they, and they, they be fucking with niggas, you know, and no, bro. But it's like you got to be more discriminant. You know, with who you bring in your life, man? That's where real shit. 100% I think you like that lesson. I learned that lesson. Like, in the similar fashion in your age, but it wasn't publicly. You know what, is bro? I'm just breaking down real quick. Hose or more more fun. It's fun exciting is that I should be doing this, but it's fun. The regular shit that's like the wife of type, it's stable. It's concrete. Yeah. A foundation you could build upon. Right? And sometimes I got to tell the building. That's one of the, fuck around. I have to fun. Yeah. But at the same time, long term, you're right. You should vet carefully because you never know the extent. And I thought guys that like, for example, got robbed. Cause I'm full about like, oh, it's scam whatever. I know Nick is with me set up and kill. Get get a frame for like great. Yeah. You know, I'm just, you know, I'm just jail. Yeah. It's dangerous, but at the same time, I understand what Nick is doing. Because it is fun. Well, listen, that's what we're coming out with thought repelling. It's the easy plastic spray to keep the hose away. It's going to be a shit at pre-orders available about that in time today. One more thing, just to your point as well, about getting or vetting is the whole facts, right? Yeah. So I wasn't able to scope because she not from here, right? So like, I can't find out about going on like a foot. Cause for example, in Miami, Nick is no chicks because of like, she's been on this scene, she's been on that scene. She's kind of like, no one knows what she is. It's not got it. But you just funny about internet, they'll tell you the, wait, this part of internet, right? So when I, isn't known, they come on camera. People know their past, they know, like, for example, where they're at before. Access to the come out is like, oh shit, no, they're exposed to whole facts. Cause think about it, it's right? On the show, guys would bring their girl to get exposed in a way. Cause now they can see who she released for that. But oh, I know her, we'll get to listen to that. Or like, oh yeah, but she'll be on the side. And there's a way. But we make guys, the enemy, we know this trick. She's she the Miami, she been on yacht, she been thought around like, oh, yes, no. Cause I know, I'm outside. You know, and it's just like, yeah, I see her to start with a lot of many times. Or it's like, my brother's like, you know, I'm going to say, we got a group chat. Oh yeah, bro. We're just mash off. So we good. But if you don't know, the whole facts, it's kind of not gonna be able to say it. So you got to know the whole facts or try to get it as soon as possible. But it's like, you can just be around them and you know, it's like you've been around enough chicks. Like you ain't never been surprised. Have you when you got the whole facts? Like you ain't never been surprised. You'd have been surprised if it came back clean with the tissue. But you know, like when you know, like when you know and you're pertain, like you don't know, you're stuck with like yours is bliss. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, check the whole facts. It's shit, but like, you'll really check the energy, right? Yeah, she got chaotic energy, or if her life's a fucking mess, and or she's got fucking drama all the time, you inherit all that. 100% saying, even if she's a virgin, you inherit all that fucking drama. Yep, shit. Energy, bro. Yeah, energy, man. It's transmutable, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

=== FILE: Week in The Life of a Miami Fitness Millionaire [Featuring Fresh & Fit Podcast] [pmJ223M_eOw].txt ===

I'm driving with no gasoline, it's like my lips are fanned Yeah, I do this for my dogs, all my day ones in my family My life gon' live through them and find Dupin' any tragedies, I hope y'all understand It's she got bigger cause it had to be, I always knew I had it But just not at this capacity I'm gonna be a sign of love Yo, what up, what up? So we doing something different for this video This is gonna be a week in a like video I never did that before To see how it works, baby's gonna be dope Baby's gonna be wack, gotta work Gotta stay to the end to find out But just Monday, they started off with a 5.30 Went for a walk You know, morning cardio out here Every morning, get the gym for a little bit Then I came back to the crib and this work Now I have meetings all when they morning Matter of fact, let me show you Well my schedule kind of looks like for the week My desk is a little messy, you don't worry about that Alright, so this is the schedule it's So I plan out every hour of every day Almost Alright, so my whole week is planned out And it's gonna be super busy There's only a little bit of white space each week Today's just a ton of media That's the main thing I got going all today Just a bunch of meetings And then later today I'm gonna go on fresh and fit I guess, come fuck with me man We get a light video day one I'm gonna find up in any tragedies I hope y'all understand it She got bigger cause it had to be I always knew I had it But just not at this capacity I'm gonna be there You heard? What up, what up? Shut up, what up? I just took clothes no hands Robots It was sudden Well Ha ha ha Now a day is nothing really a slice I just wanna be in nobody's like me Phone ringing and I tell them it's rice I got what if y'all am bling it's she Ice free, free, photo, photo Please eat, photo, photo, photo G, G, no, no, please No photos Hit the door and the door and just let it sit Hold see him Like the video Hit the like button Light food He's young He's okay, okay Don't know Nope, what? Hit the like button I'm gonna shoot you I wanna get you no things with your pocket still Running down I used to be crying I had a luck Now I'm moving from a close That hey in a jealousy My mom tell me Can't help you bless is running down That one there is nothing really a slice Only one in me and nobody's like me Nobody wanted to wear a goof But me they said it's too bad I'm so busy I'm gonna eat it all myself I'm gonna shoot you like the video It's subscribe How do you decide on 10kirits? So listen, so through our teenage And she had a three What was the three song here? And look at the end of the day Like I can win you every here You know, so we were engaged for a few good years now And I figured I was like, well Might as well get a bigger rig You know? That's kind of like, you know, most people get engaged I think married right away I just been making money for a few years And I kind of got distracted So it was almost like a Hey, like look at married soon kind of thing You know, so I just got up and grey That's how I go I'm scared I'm scared Now you're up Green light, let's get it I'm gonna shoot you for a minute I'm gonna shoot you for a minute Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, wait, I'm never gonna Oh, you're never gonna shoot you First time Shit, all right, let me give you guys a tour of that Yeah, please shit What a frame I'm seeing the spring You're full of that All right, so this is what I do like Yeah Yeah We just like the Brooklyn show on show We're doing my own, all my whole police shit I took my email to stuff like that here too But I'm also doing like, you want to do like, I'm just doing it here It's like you're all You do, you're not in the stream Alone? Yeah, I do it with my self I've written the whole shit the 10 out Yeah, I hope that is And then over here Is the kind of like a dream room We're like, so yeah, so like when the girls come Or whatever, yeah, yes And I find it chill here So this is like, where when you're working the first time Like remember we have a little water So now we turn it to Turn it to It's as dope You got the pole here, that's it Yeah, yeah, yeah So yeah, of course, we're at the Sherpol Media's effect In this Yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, we're building it Yeah, we're building it Yeah, we're building it Otherwise, we really bad We're building it Uh, bathroom in there So, I didn't even, I was going over here too So, he's joining We should sell crack rate Because you don't feel like there's a wall You know, you don't, I've elected it to I know the kids don't think they could But the hedge fund manager, we've got to see girls We've got a lot of like, on some real shit Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I just feel like for me a big responsibility It's like, now that it could be built with a fan Which is what you do with real business You shit, but it ain't you go I got rid of my old bitch Now I got the most First and with the end so Then the end's a Ferrari I'll stop keep going up Oh, man, it's fake man, it's dumb It's fake man, it's spreading here Oh, man, it's a whole print there That's been a scam, that's like it, that's it It's back, didn't want getting the crack out So, I couldn't do good Now I can't even bear And I'm gonna wrap it up You know why You don't know close to no one You can cause I don't trust they need them All right, so today's Tuesday You know I got to get up early, get it in They got calls on my students Got to do what podcast Few of the new things going About to go lies On a Instagram, it ticks out While I do a some cardio Like hour of cardio On this desk bike, where tight While I'm going live It's kind of cool because I use a plate video I'm doing the lowest hits in cardio Cause it gives me the cardio a full foot But now I've been going live The people are my entertainers My girl still sleep, must be nice So, this is my balcony This is my balcony, the one I'm on now This balcony is mine And that balcony is mine Do you see my Christmas treat You see that one wraps all the way around So this is what the live set of looks like I have Instagram on my Galatine, I have TikTok on my iPhone So I go live with both of them at the time I usually use this thing but this is kind of like flinty So I'll put on this one It's more sturd More sturd Keep a podcast Light here, my son is behind me So I'm not too backlit All right, just to the step Life So now I'm at a jump on the media with a similar mic He members The warden me it Our so now what I'm about to do Is I'm gonna do a train in With my students what he's to grow their online business I do a live trainer with them Every week And we have other coaches that do trains with them So they get multiple track live trains per week One of them is with me And in this live train Not only do I teach them something new Every week Every week Not only do I teach them something new Every week But I also Make sure I answer all their questions Sometimes I stay on this call for like two hours Three hours Answering the questions from my students Because I'm gonna make sure that every student gets all of their questions answered It walks away knowing what they need to do to execute So they get made more money This is more of the reason why You know we have so many testimonials Matter of fact I'm gonna film somebody to testimonials Because I always start every call Like how much money you make is week How much money you make in this muscle for And you get to check that out too So I made my first sale on the 10th of November Nice And I am at So 10th of November I'm at 5700 for the month How much for the month? 57 I just looked at my feet It's like 5730 years Something like that 5,730 dollars Not that for two weeks Or that even two weeks That's amazing We're here We have done 109,946 dollars And 77 cents Come on Let's give Adam around a couple of applause That's fantastic Since August 8 You made how much? From August 8 Since today November 26,69 60,000 Come on Let's go get let's give Will around a applause What did you do last month? Last month we finished I had 60,000 60,500 All right cool man We're going to pay the beat at this month Yeah, we're going to We're going to get a closer sound Come on man 3,000 pounds We've just 5770 dollars Last week Yeah Come on man Of one client Yeah That's what's up man All right, so that was the training with my students Helping to make money Now I'm going to hit the gym real quick I like to work out in the gym in my building Because it's convenient And it's dope I got a private elevator I don't know if you're on the bed about The Larry out of package too So they bring my pack in business Drop it off in our four year The private elevator The regimen folks They got to use the elevator out here I know gross, right? I only got that clothes my door Cause you need a bob to get permission All right, so I just got a ton of work done And now we're about to go to Chippin' East We're in my girl Cause they have an independent and they invited us to that event And right after that rush back here And do my podcast I have a chain met with the Louis on Our rhythm won the Chanel wines And we'll go have a little bit Let me create cheese sandwich Please be through the rice Tomato, tomato, momma, pita, momma This is like the private area The private area on my toes I think this is about the view Oh, this is suitable And so peaceful Y'all said did you see anything you like? But All right, now we're trying to head back to the crib And enough time to make it put the pod Kids We little later the pod But we ran into Nemo Just in time chilling in the lobby Now we got the gitty And some warmings later What's your start? I know the emletty muscle muscle But constricted courses And I'm in there everything Posted free advice Help you guys out These chisel we all know And you want to meet that repellent You will be like What are your girls? I'm just a little But what I have is none of the You're going to be like How do I keep going and bitch is away from me? No my cheeky Spore for four No my no my school don't bother me No my No my school don't bother me No my school don't bother me No my school That's it So Sorry but We're going to have Pre-orders with a people going We need to have the pre-orders It's going to be out before the end of the year You know he used that put a vlog because I forgot my fucking Glock I got you got you That's why you're the best Me with the bag Thanks Sure deserves it I didn't even bug it I stopped YouTube for like two years Until I found email So when you could like run this fucking shit show Would I found them? I was like Ah yes That was tough I tried I don't think we can try See I run it? Could you know I got to stand up They're meeting up with downfloor to boat Hippin' the bed Hippin' the bed, Hippin' the bed in the coast Hippin' the see me, I'm ghost Why do I feel like I'm gopped I'm woke up and I'm livin' just I'm born and I'm smart I'm a lennon minus So that was Tuesday You know I'm just a railer Tuesday You know the railer You know the railer's cool man It's about 9-15 I'm a call my son Tell him the night we were based on We talk every day You know, and I visit him Twice a month Down there visiting But it was till my son Good night Kicked with him for a minute Shallower Go to sleep now He's sleep by 10-30 Like up again Bother I just get it Wednesday morning Got pretty busy today today A lot of stuff I need to get a Covid I saw stuff that you could get done In addition to all the normal stuff Like check on my students Check them out clients What thing I don't think I've talked about here It's like the first thing I've been doing more After our shower We're going outside Probably never talk about it Because it seems so boring But I got some time now I check on my client I still do all my training So I still train some people all night And I check on them Just to make sure Hit their macros Guess it ain't Worked out yesterday I message everyone Keep them accountable That's like the main thing It's the most important part of being on my train Just keeping the people accountable Make the sure they do it Because the truth is They can find a workout plan They do the adequate Online or they can have a eye Make the workout plan It'll be adequate But they're Everyone can There's a reason people don't do it Because there's no one to keep in account They're even if they set up An algorithm with notifications If easy to say no to a machine Come all the errors and download Trump Have machines texting me Every day Right the Republic of Bardi And the Democratic Party And I ignore them all But if a person is difficult And to ignore a person's special And to give them some money A big part of helping me accomplish your goals And not just that we're got to end up And die of life So you can't build it in Shower Hit them up Think it to work I've been up for a man on Think I forgot That I was vlogging this week So I didn't vlog it With my normal More than walk And outdoor workout And I traded And the morning now I'm about to go live Give my cardio in And I go live I'll Instagram I took that I do that every day I'll roam This time Sometimes I do the twice a day For really trying to cut And it's cutting time Yo The homey Jeremy Live there And is the fucking party on his roof What they're doing is These motherfuckers Our strapping the ropes to his roof And they're going to come down And clean the windows And they build it This is the fucking crazy These job in the world They hang from a building And clean in the windows Hang from this building Like a Latino spider man You're well-pucked Yeah, you're telling me That it's hard to track your macros It worked out every day It's hard to type numbers in a phone For your macros Even though for the hanging from a building It's thing about that Every time you say something is typical Think about how much of a picture you look Compared to the immigrants over there Turn it all the way up So it can be a compete with the sun A little bit And now it's like I'm still late here And you can see the background People think that this background is fake When I'm all lied they think it's AI But now I mean it's B.C. For a million motherfuckers I'm not getting the car All right, so I just got done Doing that cardio that I want to do To the gym for a second And now we're filming Content So the thing is We've bulked film our content These are for shooting shorts Reals ticked out So what we do is name a come-stero Set up here All right And then I have my girl Steam you A bunch of shirts So I just keep changing shirts And I'll film like 90 That's a day But this week so we got two sessions We when we doing that today The man came through Shorty came through We got an already stoppix over year And now you're going to run through Let's go Here's I know if you're consuming too much catty I'm well suited to talk to you about cat thing consumption Because either solar average of about a thousand milligrams of catty every day I know this seems like a lot And it is but I worked my way up to that So we filmed All day content Then I had a Jump on a call with my son Talk every minute Then I had the gym So we're out now meeting my girl We got to go to the heat game Here All right, so we just got back from the heat game I am about to go to sleep this way Almost 11 kph my bit I've got to give it 430 of your 5 is tomorrow Get a lot of work done Get but that was the day You know sand action packed Tomorrow's the meeting we made We're right So today is Thursday It's like It's up here All right, I didn't start vlogging the morning Cause it's wouldn't then cool that I'm just a bunch of meetings I mean working in my computer Right now the housekeeper is right at the other room It's like a whole team of people cleaning the crib So I switched to this office And then later today Somebody's coming over to do the interview with me For their YouTube And I got to write my podcast I do it well every night I'm in the podcast studio now Right now I just got some new Get tar pedals that I want to check out And I'll play guitar But I don't really post a lot of it If you ever want to see me play guitar Type-branding card or acoustic covers on YouTube You see some old videos from like 10 years ago I used to be really good I'm not dead now But I still excited the time to time Get these new pedals I'm not gonna just do the weird thing Where I'm OCD about some things And totally an OCD about other Like cable management Has never been a concern However My guitar pedals all have to be the same color Most of its time These up blue which means now I got to make a blue pedal board But it's whatever I'll be starting working on the B pedal Or later But this is the red pedal board You all got to old ones In the other room Just all old pedal board They got showed at later in video This is the reverb I've been using Obviously the ampance reverb as well I don't do all these pedals You know the old care You can skip by this if you're not a guitarist This is the reverb I'm using Or audio slow This is one of my many delays This is the street delays on this board I love the light It reverts This is the halo for my one of my favorite guitars Andy Timons The that the lathe This is the tremolo This is the 2 screen row Always have to have a 2 screen row Every board And I found a red one That's exciting A 2 screen row or A pedal that's like a 2 screen row And always got to have a blue drive Or pedal that's like a blue drive That's the Eddie Timons version of the blue drive They buy a key All right, so now Change clothes Because Of all boy brains come into the room Film some shit For his podcast Or some shit It's about man There's me doing YouTube video When I'm where they come Film my office or some shit I Yo Yo All that's up We're going up there And then here you go It's a bassist's mario It's a bassist's mario It's a bass now you It is I saw a gun filming with those guys And I went into this war It's kind of a boring damn The answer to it Now we got to do a podcast You got an email Oh man in the podcast What does it look like back here bro? Crazy Ha ha Man station This is so he can see everything with this I can use it at 18 and many Yes to do all this The camera switch This is what the life It looks like And also what you see And how you can see the questions And comments So I actually see this exactly On your Okay, yeah that's what I see Even right so this This This It's This Screen MIVMIVX What he sees And then we talked to each other with a Google That A girl's doing a comment It's another woman He was over here All right And then I work off this computer All right so like I pull stuff up and he It has shared a screen sometimes And we share my I Pay it And then This is the screen So this is going to show me In life Without actually pushing it What each camera or your screen See And that's how you pick What which one needs to be selected Using the attempt to go live I never once seen Actually right now You're waiting for episode 151 To get the lives People are waiting in the comments And they're about to go like They already live in campus Yes And what is this machine? This one is going to Bring collect all the audios from the mic Guess mic all the cameras all into one So we can switch How lot they got to be to come We can put equalizers and then Bring them up To work the audience get here And then these cameras They stay here like they never move This one move This one moves the right now It's going to record shorts for us Oh, okay Guys, we got to get it And then this one is one slide And then we got these lights You know right now we got four cameras Roy one slider And two big Trader the Filming lights And this record short Where is the audio coming from near to Oh, shit So this is not going live This one is just for a like short For a content Got this Got this you got this You got this from my arms There's a mirror Yeah Let's go All right Got the start to pod You feel me Okay Explain the difference Between macaron And micro economics In the voice of rapper Ludovris All right Listen up And that craicinabix is the big dog Dealing with whole economies Think of it as the grand hustle Covered GDP Unemployment and inflation across the nation It's like watching the whole rap game from the top Now micro economics That's the street view lady It breaks it down to clean the visual play It's people Businesses and industries How they make choices How they stack in their people And what they span is all about the grand I name but appreciate that Let's go I see you tomorrow All right Friday The weekend of life I didn't Film the morning Because it was boring just a bunch of meetings I did ask the meetings We'll sell them as soon as we have like a higher level program And I met with some of them earlier My Those are some clips at X Now we've got the film Well, bunch of content They too a content film All right got the homie knee Me here Get the lights set up Maybe we can It might be helpful if they saw the setup So this is for like shorts Reels and ticked dot What kind of light is this? This is the aperture Uh, the 200x Aperture 300x So they're the one we could make Like a temperature wave On the wide range Use the Yeah, the mesh on it We make sure the light is on your needle You have the 60mm lens G, uh, it's the Sony GM And it's sort of the top of the line More one point four Uh, it's get that amazing Sheldorf field Rolled mine It's a prime lens, right So it's only 50mm Brandon Carter's favorites I don't like being shot anything in other cities Because 50mm looks like you really look Yeah Other Other focal lengths can distort the way you look So you look smaller with smaller focal lengths But 50 is the most match The way you don't want them up boys He lives the easy watch dealer Yes, he lives in my village So he's going to bring some heavy hit or watch Watch because watch content does good Oh, you're good You know like these are popular Like the Bruce Wayne Oh, this is no Sir little dad just the old p Everybody loves mommy TTnt by light to root beard I got this one and I brought this Where does my game go? Yea But I'm always like stuff do like like as always a rotation you know, you can even do stuff You know, yeah That's a good thing I was gonna check you everything and like you know, I did my my guy why I said Yeah, you know, I saw a video Yeah, but you said every time like you just videos We both just get sliced sales. Oh, okay, Jim. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah saw a video came into this and well came to stop and bought our our I don't know what going But yeah, yeah, oh, although the green face tool. Mm-hmm. Well, I feel like this is like more This dude with the car rub here. Yeah, it's a really weird man on the rub here And this one's cool. Then it's the blue face on jubilee tree popular. Oh, the sky. Yeah, it's like super far. It's just part of it But it was cooler. Yeah, you gotta get it for the sky. Yeah I saw we got done filming we got the nails we got to go to my boy Jeremy's house. He's having a dinner Cuz he's doing a big mastermind of moral speaking to some speakers out there at nine before and up film over there had dinner And probably must spin the night there because it's like two hours away All right, last night came what we were we at dinner. I've got them blooded, but uh It was dinner with the homies some of the speakers who are speaking tonight at Jeremy's massive rock I've been up for hours. She's still asleep on girl. We stayed at Jeremy's house. She's still asleep Must be nice I'm ashamed of something. We're gonna be doing our fit So Jeremy's so me of here Streep for me Got this big as hell step as mastermind So I should be interested as people Jerry's backyard About to do a podcast with the homie Max Back to vlogging. I see every get us in up. He's out. I wore I wore yellow and he wore yellow Ween even though man. It's like it's like we're like we a boy band Shit All right, just did the podcast with the homie Max Yo, was that the best or the greatest podcast was the fucking 10 out of 10 millennial Millennium Falcon oh yeah, I don't even know the star was references Yeah, no, no, I'm not a nerd She's not one can talk about this if he gave the family she does things like and well And they're all getting all our surprises Not anyway, we're not really gonna let's give it up this brand All right, yeah, so Jeremy will be talking about It's you So the four pillars But this Our first it's kind just Oh also How other my hand right here is bed I'm still working do I have Maybe Really. Much of, yeah.irsiniz, everybody, you need seven dollars, and the dollars are. And I just then told myself, give me $1.17 ideology now. Freshm us loaise rolls from a man which I think you'll be coming. I thought freshs rolls rolls. Ha ha ha ha. All right so we just came back Jeremy gave me guitar. They in a they won no more it's like a 6,000 dollar guitar So I got to play This is the fender custom shop. It's art. It came like this relic. I'll be there. We're played Yeah, what up guys so today was Sunday and I didn't really do anything today I kind of just worked all day. I spent all day working out my computer super boring So I didn't really film it. I'm gonna watch some football and go to sleep early wake up early on Monday and get to it Basically what a week is like so I didn't rest today They was just boring. All I did was go to the gym and Work for about 12 hours have my computer But anyway, man that's basically what a week is like that's a basic week unless I'm spending time with my son. I go visit him about two or three times a week I spent time with him. I've tried to stay healers in and kick it with him But when I'm in my amy this is what a week's light listen man I love what I do. I love the lifestyle and I wouldn't be able to live this lifestyle It had a night started online training That was my first business. I made my first million dollars and now I teach other people how to grow their own life in this business To you want to learn how you can start or grow your own life in this business and you start moving down the path of living this kind of lifestyle That little the free book 10 commembs of online training It is sure you exactly had to grow your own life in this business even if you don't have a big following Even if you're not certified even if you don't have a lot of experience It won't work if you lazy, right? But if you somebody's going to work hard to come sick. Oh, this book will set you on the right path to a contest that 100% free Lee in the description. Hi, let's y'all peace You

=== FILE: What I Eat In A Day To Stay Ripped At 40! [1fdCtF6s4L0].txt ===

I haven't done a video like this long time, but I decided I'm going to do a full day of eating video so he's a state-writ in my fort. I've been up for a while. My first meals won't be too cold as I started eating. And some water probably has some green tea as well. Now I'm going to drink this much of green tea. It's like, guess I'm like mushrooms in it as well. Like lions, main mushrooms. Good for energy. It's a much shit. Alright, so I just got done getting some work done in my battle station. Now about to go to the gym. I eat these bars, these keto bars, they usually call a keto bars, but not a call a college and bars, same shit though, is by perfect keto. Basically, just something light before the gym, 11 grams of protein, 3 net carbs, but different tastes to eat at any expensive job. Also before I go to the gym, I'm going to drink this LMNT. Get a little some of them electrolytes with some arborwah. Alright, now I know I made videos on my, don't cook, but I've been cooking breakfast. I got this shit. Well, Amazon, it makes the eggs perfect. And it's just quicker. It's just fancy. Oh, let me, you want to see my fridge? It's the fridge. I ate a lot of food in here because I eat almost at the time, but I got these eggs that I'm got to eat. I got a lot of liquids, a lot of water. I like water out the can, but I'll drink water out the bottle. Diet Coke, I drink a night caffeine free. Coke zero on, but I have somebody's now, green tea. I've been drinking protein, non dairy. Just experiment with some non dairy. I want you to think I'm soft, though, because I got this vegan protein. I will steal my milk when you want to. A lot of sales is, this is my girlfriend's because she drinks sugar, ginger ale, she drinks sugar, she drinks alcohol, that's her. Probably this sinmedish it all the time. I kind of just give it a guess, it's fine, and then we're on with it. Lots of sauces, hot sauce, salad dressing, ketchup, barps sauce, this that shit, sweet baby raised, I got it upside down, so it goes to the bottom, but this is the no sugar add-ups. That's my shit. You know what the rest of the shit is, my girls, you know, I have to see how you drink the shit. All men milk. My girl got this all men milk. All men milk is a scam. They should call this shit all men juice. All right, milk, that's the comfort of a titty. Everybody knows that, everybody knows that milk has to come from a titty. This should be called almond juice. First you spray some Pam spray or some shit like that on the pans, and then you just dump the eggs in there. Then you put the covers on them and throw them in the microwave. Four minutes in the microwave. If you're doing six, if you're cooking less, less than six, you can put them in for less time. All right, so here's my first real meal of the day. Six eggs, got some baby kale, then I'm going to eat with some of the thousand-hour then dressing. And berries you can eat berries on keto, green tea, I drink three cups of green tea per day. I mix it with a mint tea, that's green tea and mint tea. It goes hard, coke zero, I know some of y'all nerds trip about artificial sweeteners. You got to remember man, it might hurt you, but it won't hurt me. I'm an invisible black guy. And I do something, I don't know, just making over the top. But I weigh my salad dressing, so I got on a scale, put it in zero. What could amount of calories, man? So you don't have to wind those up, drizzle drizzle, make sure it's on grams, 46 grams. I put all these in my fitness pal. Let's go. All right, so it's a little later in the day, a little afternoon snack, more green tea, and another way these keto college embossers. Got to go do another workout, little pre workout snack. It's probably not the best thing that you pre workout just at his life, something like. I got to feel alive, tell him, just me. I got so proud of you, boy, when he gets his day, you're mad. Get that's me. And if I'm taking a shot, I don't miss who knew I would be at a top like this. And no one made my goals for me. But I'm a Zaggy. I post workout, prok, do you shake? You see my queen always should cook in. Cookin' said, what was this? This is the bowl, it's riverbind. You know what I'm gonna do? That's like a... Pause. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pause, yo, yo, we was at one of our friends house, we were all safe. But she just cooked, she just cooked the meat without washing it. And if you come from a black, or Hispanic home, you wash him before you cook it. But she just threw that shit in the pan. Like it was all good. And we were mortified. What do you believe in God? Is do you wash your meat for you cooking? Pause. Or you just throw that shit on the pan, and that God figured it out, man. You have to say I hear playing Russian red with your produce. Let it let me know. We still ate the food, and it was delicious. And nutritious, it was just... We just wasn't accustomed to that, you know? Look. Cheers to make it broccoli. Me, so should we make it that state? Here? See, see us waiting for a player? Manna. What's that for? Tell him what that is. She's the meat, the mama does. She's teaching me to get a medium, medium rare. You like a medium rare. I like a medium rare. So, what temperature that I have in on for the medium rare? Anywhere between 130 and 155. Yo, if you're growing, get the meat, the mama, the... Dumbler. You ain't got to live, you ain't got to settle no more homey. All right, your girl just fucking guessing. She just guessing cooking is shit, man. You know what I'm saying? You'd be trying to get the medium rare. As she come out well done, bitch ain't got to meet the mama, they're made. Just dump her. All right, because you could be living like this. You can just hand you could have this. Now we get broccoli in this tomorrow. And she weighing it for for your boy. Who's gonna go out to eat tonight? But there was a fucking hurricane or something shit. The streets with flooding. That's the thing Miami summer. Everyone's a while. There's gonna raise the hard that people can't drive. Or fly, yo, she came in. You flew into that. I did. She was a she was in Tampa or some shit, you know, for a baby shower. I ain't want to go. They asked for you. They asked for you, but I wouldn't... They was working. I wasn't working, though. I was with my son. I was working on breaking this cycle of no father's in the black community. Already got here. We have 13.5 ounce bonus rib. And then 13.8 ounce broccoli. Mm. And then the greens and the protein. So what does set the first bite in his state? She does bust it. Hi. She cooked. She cooked the hell out of this shit. How you prepare the steak, though? She got a business. She gatekeeping. But you know what I'm saying? Maybe your girl got to figure it out. Rice. And the thing you see Dominican rice, which she used to cook in big ass bananas. Open man's gonna do the steak. That's what she's saying. She's now used to cooking that she used to cook in big ass bananas in rice. But now she's cooking keto shit, man. What do we eat with the rice? What do we eat with the rice? Reins. Reins. And steak. Or chicken. Y'all call it beef steak, though. Beef steak. It's weird, man. But you don't solve it, but you know listen. You take the deal with the bag. So she killed this shit. Yeah, I'm scared. Alright, so that's what I ate for the day. 280 grams of protein. 206 grams of fats. And only 60 grams of net carbs. Total calories. I want a little bit over my calories. I'm gonna be honest with you. But yeah, I ain't going to pay because I'm gonna cook that. But you can't steak for your boy. So my calories is 3000, 300, and 90. It's cool, man. I work it all. I work it all. You know, I'm not really on a cut right now. If I was cutting, I would have about 25 l of calories. But I'm not going to have a little bit more size. So I'll take the extra calories. It was slightly overmanaged. I don't know how to end this video. I got an else to say. So we're going to do it like that. Thank you.

=== FILE: What Is Trump Really Selling Before the Election [pRuLBJxAYkY].txt ===

Donald Trump has released a line of watches. I love everything about him. I'm a watch guy I love watches, you know, I got a rich meal. I got a few APs, road lexas, more G-shoxing. In one, you know. All right. So here it is, man. The Trump watch is a few of them. All right. So first man, we got fight fight fight. This is his signature. Ask cool. This is a dive watch obviously in gold and ceramic. You know, let's see what Trump has to say about it. Hello everyone. It's President Donald J Trump and it's Trump time. Check out Trump's review. And it's Trump time. You see what he did there? It's one of my new watches where it proudly on your wrist and everyone will know exactly what it's for, who it's for, who it represents. It's really going to be something special. Well, you mean death is signature. That's a little like scribble, scrabble. That is the like a polygraph test. It was going to be a favorite president. Get your watch today. What is it your favorite president? Yeah. All right. What? Trump watches that. Come, remember, Christmas is coming. He's making a great Christmas gift. It's Trump time. It's Trump time. Let's find out more about the fight fight fight. All right. So this one is in gold. Obviously this is the two-tone variety. And this one is, you know, looks like that's, it looks like it's still, we're going to see if it's why it goes still. It looks like a red. I feel like that but match what I have on today. Oh yeah. Red and silver. It's on silver and gold. Tom. Onix and gold. Tom. The gold and gold? You better snooze a loo. You're only making a thousand. All right, missile dissed edition. Fight fight fight watch. It's played it with the president's own favorite color. Go. In the same metal, go. But we need all these prices, you know, so whatever you know, you can do. Right? This is played with 18-care gold. A strong statement of ambition and success. We've customized this edition version by adding the dayday display to the dial. This allows you to keep track of both the day and the week and the day. The day of the week and the day. He's only making a thousand and he's you can pre-order now. It's off fucking round man. Go ahead and get you one of these a gold gold fight fight fight. Maybe the fucking gold is too austintatious for you. Perhaps you want something more under their radar. Be read this fight fight fight. This watch cap suits Trump's relentless fighting spirit. That's what I thought when I saw it. All right. It features the president's signature. But a red dial best look. We're boldly in display your patriotic spirit. Oh, you know what? That's a picture of her on the back of these love vuggers. It got the image of after he knew him saying after they tried the poppin's top. Right. And he got up and pumped his fist in the air. He got the image. Yeah. Yeah. As we say fight. Yeah. This is that's why it's the fight fight fight. I know they had it on the back. In case one Trump signature wasn't enough for you. You might have needed his name again on that shit. That's seconds Trump signature. How many times does this watch have his name on it? Two on the front and two on the back. You're so fucking with Trump, man. You're trying to kill Trump. You're going to make a watch about a year. Get some fucking cream. Let's say I want one of pre-warded men. You're saying, all right. All gold. That's a bit much too tone. That's kind of old manish. This looks more new school. Get the red fight fight fight because I want to proudly de-play and display my patriotic spirit. I can pre-warded this for five hundred. That's actually not a bad price. You know? That's just to see some specifications on this motherfucker, man. That's a lot of water resistance world. Three hundred and thirty feet. Hey, he also accepts Bitcoin. All right. So they'll take real money and fake money. You hurt? It's automatic movie. The bezel is aluminum. I got them bad to say about it. You know, you got a really like Trump to have his name on it four times. But I don't know. It owns a daily wear. You just saying if this is your boy, who needs a Rolex. You could just get you a fight fight fight fight. All right. So you can get the diver or you can get this. If you want to class it up motherfucker, the Trump victory turbine. I want to watch that video about it. Hold up, man. Try to kill Donald Trump. Hey, watch him make a watch. Well, everyone at your favorite president Donald J Trump here to introduce my favorite president was Lincoln for obvious reasons. Wait, wait. Let's see what my man's talking about. Something really special. I think you're going to love it. My new Trump watches. We're doing quite a number with watches and the quality to me is very important. The Trump victory turbine. This isn't just any watch. It's one of the best watches made. It's a turbine watch with almost 200 grams of gold and more than 100 real diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. I love gold. I love diamonds. We all do the only 147 of these extraordinary watches will ever exist in the world. Only 147, James. Let's think big. World and owning one puts you in a very exclusive club. I have watched number one and I'm going to keep it. It's mine and that's the way I want to have it. Each watch is numbered and extremely rare. A true collector's item and includes a personal letter signed by me. Get your Trump watch right now. Go to getTrumpWatchis.com. It's Trump time. Trump. So I've got the amitlets check this out, man. Turbiont is actually a really sophisticated watch movement. So when you see a Turbiont that's hidden in middle spins, right? Back in the days it was used for pocket watches. It had a real functionality in pocket watches, but now when they put it on wrist watches, it's unnecessary, but it's just like away from watchmakers to flex. It's actually a very complicated movement. First of all, it's only making 140 of these. If you want the 50 for when you out a love bitch, should have fucking stepped up, which you'll pour in. You should have pre-order that shit. For you got sold out, I mean, what we got? We got the gold with the black dial. We got the gold on gold dial. That's the first one. That's the one that's the one that died. Yeah, and you got the rose gold on his hose. Rose gold is typically more expensive than regular gold. I guess it's more difficult to manufacture. However, like there's less gold in rose gold. They add copper to that shit. Do you give it that color? So it's like less gold, but it's more expensive. Same thing with white gold. White gold is like less gold in it. They add, wrote him to it to make it white. Like so this cardier bracelet area is in white gold. Yeah, but it's more expensive than yellow. I guess it was the difficulty in making it. Design for the president. The Trump big, the return beyond the design. This is one of classic sophistication combined with President Trump's symbol of success gold. Almost entirely made of 18k. ago. Come on, let's go man. Be ready to wear a declaration of victory as a hard line. Yo, whoever wrote this copy, my hats off. The most brilliant of medals on that I'm going to tell you how good gold is. All right, whatever, that's cool. A statement of limited luxury on the power reserve 105 hours. Pretty good. That's due to the turbine. I'll move me the thickness. Oh, it's pretty thin. Pretty thin watch. Pretty for a turbine. You got to have none bad to say about the watch. That's a honeyk. I could add that to my cart right now. The other one was I got a pre-order. I can go ahead and add that to my cart. I could give him a magic key right now. Is this one a hundred k as well? Oh, that's a hundred k too. Let's see if the rose gold is more expensive. Oh, man. You know what? They ain't even charged his more for the rose gold. Look at that. This must say James too. Will they say Brand In Listening B if I caught me the Trump turbine. Now there's a thing. You pre-order these joints. They won't be available until sometime in between November and as late as December. Which leaves me to believe that your pre-order is actually paying for it. I think that's a cool thing to do with business. I remember it might have been 2016. I came out with some shirts. And mean the homey white boy Brown we was wearing our shirts and all the videos and people were asking you how do we get these shirts? How do I get these shirts? And then we just launched a pre-order for we used a pre-order money to put in the orders this way we'd have to make a whole bunch. And if they didn't sell, we would have just refut it, everyone. Nobody loses under those circumstances. Trump's probably doing that right now. And he probably want to get the pre-orders in because the race is like 50-50. So if he loses, watch some of that be the same demand. But now he's got the sort of fan base. There's some of us who will just buy that shit, man. Which one are you growing here? Are you guys going to get the victory turbine or the fight fight fight? Now let me know in the comments. Something you don't have to pre-order. Something you can get right now. If a free is my ebook the 10th members of all line training. Show you that. I'll start your online business stuff. I made my first million. And now it's he's up to be right to do it. You may not have a honeyk-a for the victory turbine. Yeah. Down the book. Learn how to start your online business business for free. You know, you might not be able to get the turbine. Because it's only a thing. You'll be making a 147-o, man. It's 147. Because he sang and he'd go and beat a 47th president. You see what you did there? Or did you all missed it? That fly over your motherfucking pain? You got to do a little bit of mental gymnastics for that shit to make sense. But you get it. You could get you a fight fight fight and they're making a thousand adults. I might give me a fight fight fight. In case I wanted to have a conversation piece of my family reunion. It's a subliminal message to the voter. Where does this to the poll? The rally? The clan meeting. I'm just joking about the clan meeting. The not all trump supporters are in the KKKK. But if you win the KKKK, I know I'm just fucked with you man. I'm not political at all man. I'll give a book. I got friends who can't pain for Bernie Sanders. I also got like a good friend of mine. He got arrested for charging the capital after Trump lost the last one. I got friends on every side of the aisle.

=== FILE: What Nobodys Saying About the Trump-Musk Feud [Latest Update] [6aSy10ErV5Q].txt ===

The beat between suspected human, Elon Musk, and grown shit in nugget, Donald Trump. A.K.A.R. fearless leader has erupted, is gotten crazy. I want to talk about it, what's happening? And I want to talk about how we can make some money off of it. For sure. But here's the thing. For beginning to us, I'm not political at all on that conservative, not liberal. I'm conservative about some things. Liberal about some things. I'm a big second amendment fan. I'll be walking around my amy streets like Black John Wick, Jamal Wick, but I also think abortion is cool. I think some of y'all should have been a boarder. Coming here to talk is shit. I'm gonna board you now. I'll fuck around in a board and the dog right now that ain't even mine. Do you shit your mom was too scared to do? Both part of abortion and it's my fucking. I say I ought to say I'm not political. I'm not taking a political stance. All I care about is how we can make some money off of it. Let's give a recap of what happened. Yesterday, Elon Musk called Donald Trump's big beautiful bill, debt slavery. And he urged people to call their congressmen and tell them not to vote for that shit because the bill hasn't been passed. Who all levels the government yet. The republic is gonna have that bill passed by the 4th of July. America's birthday is when we commemorate the first time we beat the shit out of the British. They tried to run it back in 1812. They said, you know what they wanted to rematch. And they got what they was looking for. They got fucked up again. That's when they went ahead to the bill passed. Fourth of July, but recently Trump fired back claiming Elon only opposed the bill because it removes the EV mandate on the V-notice ballot. Elon Musk, a lot of people don't. He really likes electric vehicles. He's actually a big proponent of them. Not people don't know that. A lot of people just think he makes races. A-I saw of where. Grock is not racist, but if you are racist, definitely use Grock. For sure, I use Grock sometimes. Sometimes I could be a little racist. Claude won't do their job for me. You only use Claude during Pride Month. But here's the thing. He doesn't just make races. A-I also has an EV company called Tesla. Now Elon responded threatening to start his own political party. And then he said, then he said, you know, Trump, you wouldn't even been elected if it wasn't for my help. He said he was ungrateful. There may be some truth to that because Elon Musk didn't need about $300 million to Trump. It's campaign. I know for some of y'all. That's a lot of money. That's the reason I say something because probably one of two billionaires watching this shit. We're trying to see what a real nigga's talking about. Because they ain't got that kind of exposure. And they're liaison to the regular motherfuckers. Now maybe you would've got to elect it without that. I don't know. If motherfucker give me, if I give him motherfucker $300 million. I'm not going to expect him to do some shit that fucks with my company. He don't say I'm not going to expect him to try to get a bill pass that deliberately hurts my company. Like, that's not what I would expect. But I never been a billionaire. So maybe billionaire's maybe Trump. He's a billionaire. He was thinking differently. I don't know. But then Trump responded that he said he threatened to pull all of SpaceX government contracts. So Trump is like, oh, you ain't like me taking away the EV mandate. What's going to happen when I take away your motherfucker rocket ship money? You don't even say it because he has another company where he's building ships, presumably to go back to wherever he's from. And he knew I ain't like that shit either. And that's when things took a while to turn. So even when I said, Yoastown to drop the big bomb, Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason they've not been public. Have a nice day, Donald J. Trump. So this is getting crazy. Now, how do we make money off of this? That's a question. Here's my investment thesis. Ever since Elon started fucking with Trump giving a money, shouting a mountain shit, even before the election. I was thinking of my head man, this can't be good for Tesla. Because I don't know any conservative that drive Tesla. Maybe you guys do leave a comment if you know someone because some hard-core conservatives who drive electric cars, I live in Florida. My own be Florida. And I'm rich. Does that mean almost all my friends are conservatives. But I'm also black. So what does that mean? I know a lot of liberals as well. All the Tesla owners I know are legit liberals. Like one of them I have one friend in Miami who has a Tesla guess what? He's a fucking vegan, right? He don't get more liberal than that. Some of my conservative friends know bullshit, drive monster trucks. One of them has a card. It looks like a legit tank. They love gas. They love fossil fuels, petroleum. They don't be fucking with those. EVs, right? So it's pretty much a liberal customer base. I'm sure it is exception. I'm sure somewhere in America. Sure there's a model tree with a Confederate flag on it somewhere in America. I just say seen it. We can assume that most Tesla owners, at least in the past, were liberals. When he flip sides, the liberals ain't gonna fuck with because they're real. The more hardcore liberal you are, the more you ain't Trump. That's what liberals are fucking bomb and Tesla's. You know what I'm saying? You're putting, hopefully the California was slapping. But for stickers on that card, I'm saying yo, I bought this ship before it, Elon went crazy. Because California got all the liberals, you know? My thesis was meant, this got to be bad for Tesla. And that's stock been dropping. The stock would drop. And Elon, he gave Trump $300 million. A little sum broke off a little change. You know, out of game more, I ain't had a time to link up with him. But then when he got elected, he went on stage. And then at the inauguration, he had them with the, I give my heart to you. Now a lot of people are saying that look like a Nazi salute. Some people are saying nah, he just got a little bit of autism. He just, that was just a little bit of tism. However, I know motherfucker, it was way more autistic than Elon. And they've handed me things before. They've given me things. And none of them have ever gave it to me underhanded. Like this. They thrown things to me. But none of them ever did that, right? I'm not saying he was on some Nazi shit. Maybe he was just a fucking tism. You know, his tism was acting up. But it might have been some else. They would talk about Elon Musk, man. That motherfucker on drugs. He stayed on the academy and the ecstasy of the smuffling poppin. Like a delix. He been going crazy. Getting mad bitches pregnant. He got like 14 kids now, man. My man, I live in like a rock star. Cry, he could get in bitches pregnant. Doing mad drugs. This article is actually kind of fascinating, you know. And then there's another, there's another article that said that. It's came from the economic times. I got to tell you all. They can number times when dogs left the White House. They said that man, they found man, fucking drugs. Man, we ketamine and roaches. That was fucking dirty up in that bitch. Like they was going crazy. It sounded like they was on some rock starship. Man, it was when drugs getting motherfuckers pregnant. If I do enough ketamine, I probably break out of Nazi salute. Or some. But the, especially if I was on the shroom, they said, that shit, I have you doing all types of salutes. A Nazi salute would have been one of the least crazy is shit I did that day. However, I don't think that's good for Tesla. So as soon as I saw the Nazi salute, I was telling my financial advisors, I want to start shorting Tesla, shorting a stock. We were calling it the Tism short. Little autism short. I'm not a financial advisor. It's not financial advice. This is just a suggestion. If the CEO of a public company, if you find out he's a junkie and he's doing and he's publicly doing Nazi salute, on purpose, on accident in voluntarily. If he doesn't have the wear with all to not do a Nazi salute, even if it wasn't on purpose, he should probably short that stock. That company's in trouble. It's not a political thing. It's not a political thing. CEO of Mars Candy comes out and does a whatnotse salute on accident. He ain't no, we shorten him in him. This is after no. I think that's a good policy. Putz. Now if he's doing ketamine in shrooms, short that stock too, right? No, but he had been now. He's got beef with the homie Trump. And Trump got power to actually hurt these motherfuckers. He's out here saying the Trump, he's saying he called Trump a pet. And no one's certain terms, right? He called Trump a f***. F.D. was a wild boy. I don't want to say it publicly what he was doing. He had a freak ya'll in. F.D. make diddy look reasonable in car. And if Trump's in their win, basically he called him a f***. Here's the thing. I'm saying we should short test. If I'm trying to say, I think that's a homie make money off it, right? And maybe even to space it, that's publicly traded as well. Because check it out. I never been present in the United States. Full disclosure. But if a CEO of another company started calling me a f***. Wow, I'd probably cancel the government contracts with him. I probably wouldn't be doing business with him. I'm a chartered government, he insharaged the company. We probably shouldn't do business together. Now Tesla is down like 15% today. 15% that's a shitload in one day. And E-line is out here doing Nazi symbols, potentially doing a lot of drugs. Who probably have three, four more babies before the year's over at this pace and he's in the beef with the most powerful man in the world while running several companies. So he's getting bad bitches pregnant, running several companies and has a beef with the most powerful man in the world. Even if the drugs aren't true, those are enough things that if any CEO, any CEO is not a legal thing, was involved with it. I think by some puts on that stop might be appropriate. So that's how a plan on making money off this beef. No matter how it ends up, but if you don't want to do puts or you ain't got no money to do puts, where I can put it's cause money, you're just starting on not spending this business. I got a free people who got the tank of man, it's a long line of training. It's show you how to grow your own not spending this business, even if you don't have a big problem, even if you're not certified. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, that's how many my first meal in the first meal, you check it out. You might be interested in for you. Because if you ain't got no money to buy Tesla puts, you got to go make some money. All right, let's get it.

=== FILE: What To Post On Instagram To Make Money As an Online Trainer [TBm2YsjkD60].txt ===

If you want to make money as an online fitness coach, I want to show you exactly what the post on Instagram. So you grow your father, boost your engagement, and most importantly get more online training clients. So you can start making more money than a thought with only fans, link in our bio. If you watch this video to the end, you will learn what the post, how often you should post, and I'll also break down my proven money making Instagram post informative that I've used to help over 15,000 people start their own online fitness business. If you can't watch this video to the end, then you are destined to keep wasting time, posting cringe bullshit that will make you know money. And the only good thing about that is that only a few people will laugh at your goofy ass because most people won't even see the shit. I see trainers all the time complaining about, oh, I can't get any engagement. My father won't grow. I can't get no online clients. The market is saturated. So I'll bullshit. My students and I are getting new online clients all the time. If you watch this video in and actually follow the steps, you won't have to worry about it. I'm going to show you what the post, how often the post, and I'm going to show you why you don't even need a big following to get a ton of views on your rails and shit. So you can get all that in more and the last tip and be the most important. First thing we need to understand is how often should you post on Instagram? Well, I want to show you a video from the CEO of Instagram, the man in charge. Out of questions and the last couple of days about how much to post on Instagram. And so I did want to make sure you know that you should prioritize quality over quantity, but in general, posting more will help. The more you post, the more people you're going to reach, and the more your follow count is going to grow over time. The more you post, the more people you're going to reach, and the more your following is going to grow over time. That is the mother fucker in charge of the grant. He is the CEO of Instagram. He's saying the more you post, the more people you reach, the more your follow is going to grow over time. So having a sit, how much should you post? If you're not posting at least once a day and you're not even trying, I have some students making 50 grand a month or more. I have one student, I'll show you some of our videos later in this who made $1.5 million dollars. That's our online trainer last year. My top students are posting three, four times a day. Why? Because like the CEO of Instagram, say, a more you post, the more your follow is going to grow over time. And you don't have to worry about posting too much, is because the algorithm changed over the years. This is how the algorithm works. And this is why it's not important to even have a big follow anymore. Check this out. Let's say you post a real. This is a very important. We want to focus on reals. Reals get the most reach on Instagram. So you can post pictures in our ship or reals get the most reach. When you first post a real, what's going to happen is Instagram is going to show it to a small segment of your followers. We'll call this test one. So they won't even show it to everybody. All right, they're going to show it to a small segment of your followers. If these people watch it and or engage with it, then Instagram, the, oh, these people are really fucking with the video. And they'll show it to a larger portion of your audience. So this will be the second test test. Two, you can't post too much because it's never going to show it to all your audience. You can't post too much. Maybe like five, six years ago, you could, but this is the way the algorithm works now. Right. So you're going to get one test one. Oh, you're going to show it to a small segment. If those people watch a certain amount of it, watch time is the most important metric. If they engage with your content, that's helpful. Right. If they save it, that's helpful. But the most important thing, Instagram cares about is actually watch time. So it's those people watch it, boom, then it sends it to a second test. If those people engage with it, time it save, but most importantly, watch a high percentage of it. Watch time is the most important metric. If those people watch it, they don't just skip through it. Boom. Then it's going to go to test number three, where they'll show it to a larger segment of your audience. But also, it'll start showing it to new people, they'll show it to some new people, some people you don't even know. This is how you grow your following. You have to make it out of your test, out of these tests. Boom. Then it's going to test it again. But the next test is going to be more people you follow, but also don't follow you. This is why the CEO of Instagram is going to say, hey, the more often you post, the more people you reach, the more you follow them all the time. Right? So I'll show it to a big audience. And then boom, if it passed, that test, that's when you start to go viral, where they start showing it to mostly people who never fucked with you before, and never saw you before. The blue represents new people. And it's still showing people in your audience as well. This is how the algorithm works. So you got to make it out of each test. This is why it doesn't matter if you post too much, because they're going to test it on a small group you're on a Steve Dave and like it. If they like it, then they'll show it to a larger group of your audience. If you pass the second test, then it's just our show on it to more your audience and new motherfuckers. If you pass that test, then it's going to show it to even more new motherfuckers. And then if you pass that test, boom, then you start to go viral. You can't post so much. And the thing is, you want more shots at bat. You know what I'm saying? So eventually, the more you post, the more chances you have of passing these tests. But now, what do you post? So before I show you the different content styles, especially for fitness influencers, you need to know the structure of the content. And it's something I call the epic formula. I teach this to my students. I felt over 15,000 people grow online fitness businesses. I call this the epic formula. Right? So the beginning of the epic formula is says for engage. Meaning you have to grab attention. And this is going to be the first five seconds of the video. The first three or five seconds of the video. We focus on videos because videos get the most reach and the most engagement on Instagram. Every since TikTok came out, they started prioritizing reals and videos. And you don't understand it. So boom. Five seconds. You want to make sure you grab an attention within the first five seconds. Okay? We'll show you some methodologies of how that later in the video. The P of the epic formula stands for premise. After you grab attention, you gotta tell them what the shit is about. They need to know why they should pay attention. Why should they give a fuck to your numbed's videos, man? Why should they pay attention? And this is going to be after the first three to five seconds. Sometimes the first five seconds is called the hook. How do you hook people in? If you hear me refer to a hook, that's what I'm talking about. So this is after the first five seconds. After this is after hook. And then the eye is info. This is very important. If you want to make money as online training, you have to post helpful information. Don't nobody want to see you mother fucking dance. Don't nobody want to see you do that shit where people point you. No, no, no, no, you gotta tell them like the fucking good shit. You gotta give them information that's helpful. Guess what? I'm doing this shit right now. Right now in this video is following Epic formula. This is the eye portion of the video. The info and you're fucking watching it. That's how I'm telling you to shit works. But we're going to condense this down in the one minute or so. This is where you teach. And this is should be the main part of your video. You're really teaching. Don't worry about teaching too much. It's the main part. And then see stands for CTA. And CTA stands for call to action. That's a market intern. You motherfuckers ain't go to college. But it's a market intern, which means this is when you tell them what to do next. For example, here's the CTA. Hey, if you want to learn more about being an online trainer, I have a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training. You'll show you how to grow your online business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified. It's a free ebook linking this description. Oh, that was the CTA. And it's real. It's in the description right now. You should click it. If you want to make money as online trainer. And that ebook, I go into all these concepts in more detail. But that's the CTA. You see what I did, man? I'm a marketing genius. I did this in the fucking beginning of the video. You typically want to do it at the end. A lot of the time, just you can give away something free. Tell them to download something free. You can say, hit the link in my bio for this free shit. Or if you want to work with me, comment something below. All the people who comment that word DM them. And you start a conversation with them, get them on a sales call and close them for online training. I don't have time to go into how to close people in online training or how to train them. That's covered in the free ebook to 10 Commandments of online training. If you want that, the links in the description. Oh, another CTA. Right there. I'm the man. All right, let's keep going. This is the foundation of all online content that I do, right? The epic formula. Now, there's different styles of videos you can post. You do what I do never want to see is you just putting your fucking phone on a floor. Filming you working out. That's not helping nobody. He's just fucking showing off. You have to post information that helps people come to the goals. And the good way to do that is a video format we call talking hit. Right, talking. This is when you are just talking in front of the camera. You made you some b-roll on top of it. Here's an example. This is an example from one of my students. Corey Armstrong. Corey made $400,000 last year's online training. He's one of my star students. Let me show you a talking hit video. Where he's going to give a lot of advice. Ace to lose body fat. Watch which you. All right, so boom. The room, the hook or the the eating engagement. Waste lose body fat. Boom. Now he's going to go into the premise. And there's three drinks that keep your stomach big as hell. All right, so he's about to take you to three drinks that keep your stomach big as hell. Right. That's like the premise. Now he's going to go into the info. Alcohol. Alcohol like beverages, kill your body's ability to repair from workouts and metabolize fat. The second drink is sugary sweet drinks. Like fruit juice, soda. It has no nutritional value. And if you ain't running the marathon as soon as you drink it, that shit is going to sit on you and keep your stomach big. Zero calorie beverages. A lot of you guys feel your day with this. But don't recognize that this actually triggers your body to think that is getting sugar and make your sugar cravings go crazy. Is there? Just keep it simple. Do it these three water. Water is going to help your body. As you see, the bulk of the videos him teaching. I'm telling you the I, the info has to be the most important part. But you still have to get their attention. And you still have to tell them why this should pay attention. Okay. It's not a blast. Fat better and keep your cravings low. Coffee. Black coffee to be exact. Let me add them fucking sugars and creamers or sweetener to it. Jack and the calories up. It's going to curb that appetite and the caffeine and it is actually going to help you. Bar more calories at red on sweetened tea. Tons of antioxidants. How caffeine to help with calorie burning as well. Now he didn't do the CTA on this one. I don't know why he's fucking up. I teach my students the right. Basically right now good captain. You can just fucking take your audio. Put it in the chat to be self-directed with captain. But people read this shit. Let me show you another example. This is one of my students, Corinne Settin. Three years in a row. He's made over 200,000 dollars last year. He made a quarter million dollars on a line trainer. He's a vegan, right? But he's still cool. All right. So check the whole debt against them. All right. Let's go into it. Here's the best cardio for heart health when he comes in. All right. So boom. That was the hook or the E in engagement. So he's jogging in the camera and said, here's the best cardio right. Boom. For heart health. All right. Now we know what's up. And now he's about to go into the premise. Come see your heart. The heart is the most important muscle in the body. It's what keeps you alive. So you want to make sure you're exercising that as well. You don't want it. All right. So that was the premise, right? Boom. If we came in, you ran into the camera. Sometimes it's called a padding interrupt. When you do some kind of wacky, you're zainty. It doesn't have to be wacky, you're zainty. Just something that's going to catch attention on Instagram is stop people from scrolling. Here's the the best except for heart health. All right. That's the hook. Then he said the premise. He told you why fucking heart health is important. He keeps you alive. I'm not fucking right. Now he's going to go into the information. Let me do steady state because this is a low impact cardio. You want to do something that's a little bit more high intense. Try to stick with stage four, stage five. You switch between the two in when you have to take a little rest. Go to that stage three. That's what's going to really keep that heart strong. If you just stay in stage two and stay straight for a very long time, then you're not really testing the heart. You need to challenge it just as you challenge your other muscle. So if you want to work out plan, that's going to help you get us. All right. Here's the CTA. If you want to work out plan, right, boom. This is the, here's the call to action. Strong heart. Go ahead and comment down below. Vegan heart. And I'll go ahead and reach out to you. So you can be nice and strong and live a long life. Peace. All right, cool. Boom. So you see it is followed the structure exactly. That's why he's making so much quarter me in dollars. He just does what I say. Man, you can do the same. All right. This will be called epic captions. So you do the same thing with the caption. Right. Boom. That's hard. The hook. Make no mistakes. Hard as a bad health. For the best of premise, what it does will keep you alive. Boom. Then he writes the eye in here. The info. Then he has common vegan heart. The caption follows epic posts. People read the captions. But people are typing vegan heart in there. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. And then he's working on getting the models. It's called the clothes on line clients. That's what I teach. Just why my students make so much money. We got a formula. This is not the bullshit you was posting. All right. You put your fucking phone on the floor in the gym. Nobody wants to see that dumb shit. Nobody wants to see you just do a exercise. Right. They want to learn something, man. They're showing their physique. They're shirts off. They're showing their physique. They give you another example. This is from my student who make the most money last year. Kelly Nicole, she made $1.5 million. Gold is to lose body fat and gay muscle at the same time. I'm going to save you so much time and effort and give you the perfect macros split. Yeah. All right. So that was the hook. Now she's going to premise like she did it kind of creatively. Check this out. Yeah, that doesn't exist. Because losing body fat and gaining muscle at the same time is often just a dream or a marketing scam. Yes, it can happen if you're a newer, too lifting weights. But if you're not newer, too lifting and you just stay at maintenance and extort. Expect massive change to happen. That'd be like staying at a job that pays minimum wage and expecting massive change to happen to your bank account. Well, change it might happen. Now she's going into the info. Up in it's going to take many years for that to actually happen. So what should you do then if you want to see massive changes, pick a goal either fat loss or muscle growth and focus on that first. Generally speaking, if your body fat percent is below 22%, then muscle growth is probably a good place for you to start. If your body fat percent is 22% or higher, you might want to first focus on fat loss before you get to muscle growth. Once you decide your goal, then you can set your macros. And if you don't know how to do that, just comment macros down below for the absolute best method of finding custom macros for your goal, your body and your lifestyle. Seenless transition into the CTA. You just mentioned that they were seen that she gaped, she did the whole thing. Boom, engagement. She set the premise, she gave a bunch of info and then she said, y'all, if you want more help with that, boom. A lot of my students, what we do is we teach them to give away a free ebook or free tool and we show them how to put that together in a way that actually leads to sales. You can't really make 1.5 million dollars at the end. And as you can see, she wrote epic caption too. Boom, but she started with the cat. I don't really love when people do that, but that's fine. Right? Macros and she wrote, like, tell me, people read the caption, look how many people typing macros. Boom, she's hitting all these people up into the end, getting the more sales calls closing. That's why this is actually made 1.5 million dollars last year. It's online trainer. But those are talking heavy videos where you're talking and giving advice. Another key you need to understand with these kind of videos, you want to use a microphone. This tons of different microphones. You can get the world, it makes the microphone, it makes the microphone that you just plug straight into your iPhone. All those videos were shot by iPhones. Right? You don't need a fancy camera. Fuck that shit. Just use your iPhone. Here's the next video we post. I call this voice over tips. These are easier than talking hit. I'll give you an example of one. Check this out. This is one of that posted. Errht Fat and keep it all. First you have to track how many calories you burn each day, both from exercise or just walking around. You can track it with your Apple Watch Fitbit or an or a ring. You have to track how many calories you consume each day. I'm a psychoso I keep a scale with me even at restaurants and I track everything I eat with my fitness path. And then it's really just mad. For every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 3500 calories. So if you want to burn a pound of fat a week, you just have to make sure that every day you're in a deficit of 500 calories. You need to be a burning 500 calories more than you can see each day. And if you want to burn 2 pounds of fat per week, then you have to be in a 1000 calorie deficit each day. This is guaranteed to work for everyone. All men, women, children, all mammals. It'll probably even work for all reptiles and amphibians. However, I never train what it in. So I'm not 100% sure. If you are a mammal and you want some help getting ripped and calculating your calories thrown and consuming each day, I have a free template. You can download, just comment the word goals and I'll send it to you right away. So you can see, boom, he's right. You can earn fat, keep it off, that's the engagement. Sometimes the premise and the engagement or a hook, sometimes they're baked in each other. And I feel like there was enough right there. I didn't have to go into more of the premise. It was kind of in there, right? So sometimes they're mixed. And most of it was the actual info. Then at the end, hey, if you want some more help with that, I got a free guy. Boom. And if you look at the caption, I basically had the same shit in my caption. And then people are right and goals, right? So they can get it. I check this out. This is easier than talking it video because it's just a compiled a bunch of what's called B-roll. Just me just showing different actions. Me doing shit, looking ripped. I put those together and I just spoke over it. I just spoke with this voice over it. And I get, but I still follow to Epic Formula. Let me show you another example. This is from one of my students. Man, she made over a hundred thousand dollars. Her first month in my program, Hi, ticket trainer. She's one of our stars, students. You have to make these protein bagels. They were so good. So you're going to add flour, salt, and baking soda to a dish. You're going to stir all of your dry ingredients together. And then you're going to add your yogurt. Stir that up really good. Then you're going to get your hands dirty. Need that into a bowl. Mine was still a little sticky. So I added some more flour until it looked like bitch. Number blocks for like five minutes. Now this is optional, but I added an egg wash. And of course, I had to get out my trader Joe's. Anything but the bagel seasoning and sprinkle that on top. Look how good they look. They were so crunchy on the outside and so green inside. Her is was a little more difficult than mine to film. She didn't just use B-roll. She actually filmed herself making this recipe. But then she did a voice over on top of it. You can see she's in shape. My god, guys. Right. Her target market is helping moms get in shape. Her target market is moms. And that's why you can see. If you watch the videos, they were so slow. Just like, there was like a kid running around and begging you saw a little kid. She stopped and talked to the kids about number blocks. If you got kids, young kids, you know that they really fucks with number blocks, man. My son, if you're on his number block shit, really resonates with the target market, right? She put the CTA right in her caption, DM me me bot. Remember I said, she didn't say it in the video. I wish you would have said it in the video. People, if you scroll down, people are DM in her bot. So people read the captions, man. Don't get it fucked up. People read the captions. People are commenting bot and she hits them up. Get some more sales calls. I'm going to show you another example of this. This is a Kelly, again, that my student who made 1.5 million last year. This is her doing the voice over. You never saw any progress from it. Listen up because this is why. A lot of people think they just need one macro calculation and eat it that forever and they'll make progress. But that's simply not the case. A lot of people need to go through a lot of macro adjustments to get to that end goal that they have. For some people, that means 15 to 30 different adjustments to their macros as their body changes. If you don't know, one to just your macros or how to adjust them, comment macros down below and I'll send you my free macro adjustment cheat sheet. Are you seeing man? That was super simple. You kind of mockers before, but you never saw any progress from it. If you've counted macros before, you never saw progress from it. Check this out for them. That's the hook. That's the intro. And she's just talking. She's giving a bunch of advice and listening up because this is why a lot of people. The whole thing is like just a montage basically a montage of B-roll. She's just talking over. We're going to come in macros. But people are commenting macros. Oh, man, she's hitting these people up and the DMs. Even whatever free shit she asks, get them all calls. And then she's selling them. And I teach my students how to sell. I teach them, I give them scripts of what to say in the DMs more than I can go over right now. But if you want to learn more about that, download the free ebook, the 10 Commandments of online training and put you in the right track. But this is the strategy that works right. Another style of video that you can post. Text only tips. So this is the easiest kind of content to make. Here's an example from Kelly. Right, she didn't say nothing. She just used the epic formula in this row it on the screen. You're going to say, let's run it and be sure you want to make this one more time. Just watch it. Just the hook. Oh. Is the premise? Here are the things you need to have. But here's the thing that she did do. She didn't do it all here. I don't really love this style but it works. The CTA of the video was to read the caption. But then she wrote an epic formula in the caption. Boom. She went down there and I'm going to go through all of it. Boom. A comment to work playing. Just look at how many people's comment playing. Right. She hit these people up. Use my DM scripts. Got them all sales calls. Use my sales scripts. So that teach on all students. Boom. Now she made up one point five million dollars. That's it. This is the easiest content to make. Make sure another example of this text only tips. I think it's better because she's actually giving the tips. Putting the text on the video instead of telling the read the caption. I think that's a little better but both work. All right. You get them saying you see this right? She didn't have to write as much in the caption because it was so much writing in the video. Some macros macros macros macros macros. Again, it's these people up in the DM. Use our DM scripts. Get some on calls. Use our sales scripts to close them. This is one of the easiest methods. This is probably the easiest content to make. You just have to fucking feel myself doing shit. You see how this is better than when most people are posting. Right. This shit is more compelling. You want to sell coaching. You have to teach in your content. So they know you're the real deal. It's not just about how you look. It's about how much you teach. How much game you can give them. Another solid video. This is transformation. You can use your transformation. This is a turning into a real. It's another example from Kelding. Just be real if you're looking fat. Now she's in this kind of shape. She's fit. That's compelling content. So that was a text-only transformation. Here's another way she did. Her same transformation. You can post the same kind of video with the different format. You'll see. Anything's I would do differently to get from here to here. Right. So it's actually showing her transformation. This is fast. 1. Instead of training 60s a week, I would only train four days a week. Training too much and hey, that's recovery in progress. And was doing me more harm than good. 2. I would stop trying to focus on eating as clean as possible and instead, sugarcounning macros so I could eat what I want in social progress. This would also keep me on track longer because I wouldn't end up binge eating or going off the rails because I was trying to eat as clean as possible. And the most important one instead of just sitting at the inance and hoping changes would come. I would go through cycles of cutting and building. This way, I could lose the body fat I want to lose. Build muscle and see changes a lot faster than sitting at maintenance. This is called nutritional periodization and it's how I've helped thousands of women get results like this. If you don't know if you should start with a cot or build a. It's a CTA. It's beautifully done. This was, this was one of my best to do. This is perfect CTA single list. First, just comment quiz below for my free quiz. It started as a talking hit but it was really just like a voice over as well. Right. But it's cool. It's like good intro started and then she went into the thing. And then she wrote all this. Comment quiz. Look how many of you are coming in quiz. Endless. Right. Again, it's hitting these to cheese. DM and these people using my DM scripts, getting them on a call, using our sales scripts, closing. Oh. I don't have no examples of me doing in manca's. By the time digital cameras is out, man, I was already looking better than everybody. Right. So, I'm old. I'm 42. Those type of videos are to stop. Now what kind of content can you use with those styles? A transformation is one of the types of content you see. You saw one that was text only when there was voice over. You would also do what foods you eat is another example from Korean Armstrong again, who we make 400,000 dollars less here. Here's the top protein sources to help you get rid of. Boneless, skinless, chicken Breaks. It's lean and it goes with everything. Laying ground turkey. On cure turkey bacon. Lesson flammatory. More protein beef, tops are long. Laying ground beef. Make sure it's 90 to end. Salmon. But if you do wild caught. Same with the shrimp. If that wild caught. Or you can get some hot-ocked organic, shredded beef. That's already fully cooked. Or the salmon that's in the pouch. Keeping it fishy, pouch tuna, or canned tuna, or sorry days if you want a salty. You can get these meats thick, spicy, chicken, respectively. Protein shakes. Either pre-mix or powder. Japanese-morking vignette. Gricky yogurt. Hard boiled eggs. Way to go. Grass fed jerky. And the organic cold cuts. Not that processed bullshit. He didn't do a CT in the video. He knows why, but there's a lot of good information, right? But you see that video, that was a talking video. It was like, what kind of foods is it? What kind of foods you eat to accomplish your goal? Let me show you another example. That was a talking hit example. Here's another one from Jen. Alright, so this was very important. In all the videos I'm showing, the trainers are showing their physique. I hate when trainers. Say why am I not getting me traction? You're not showing your physique. She's like, what do I eat every day? That's the hook. And it's also she's showing her physique. Off the rip. And remember, keep to some of my sheet targets, mom. That's her target market. She shows her kids, right? That's very important. You've got to throw in things that make your target market know that they can relate to you. There's another example for me. Keto for eight years. And here's what my pantry looks like. Come on. I've got to keep some sparkling water. You know, no tons of sparkling water appeared. Then I got a whole surplus at the bottom. Whole reservoir. I buy them both because I drink like two or three days per day. I like dico. I'm a big ass retain fan. These are my girls' sodas. She likes these. She likes real sugar. You know, whatever. It's cool. There we got regular water. Those are good. Sometimes you want regular water. Mata shots. I like green tea. Mata drink those. Thanks, Christian. Logan Paul. They send me this every month. Primes. Nicol. The people who added this video, they added it out when I said the frost of flakes are not for me. So like half the videos are ever never me. But then you knew to put your CTA. You can, you know. Because another talking hit style, what I eat video. All right. Next style of video you can post. Make money is online trainer. Test the Montios. So you could have test the Montios if you're clients. He's another room from gin. Only four pounds down and it's six packgains. Let me show you what we did. Here's my client. A busy mum of two who thought she had to lose a ton of weight to see results. Until we started working together. Between school drop-offs and pickups, we prioritized strength training and proper nutrition not extreme dieting. So that mommy pouch. On abs showing all without starving herself or spending hours working out at home. So if you're looking to lose fat and build muscle DM me goals and let's see if we're good fit to work together. Well done, right? She showed her clients who got in shape, but drop goals. Boom. People start dropping goals in there. She's DMing and people hitting them up. I'm sure example, this is not a fitness example. You can also do it like this. I didn't do it a real. So I had this video. But then I showed it. So sometimes you can do videos with a carousel and this is just me with some testimonies from my students who I teach how to grow on not fitness businesses. What's your business the year? The last year was a record year. We finished at $470,000. A lot of this to you and the team just being able to continue to provide the value and consistently being there to help. So I'm a totally grateful man. And of course you're running a blog. I'm saying 9k, 8k, 8k. Your first 28 days in the program? Come on, right out the gate. Let's go. Is that the most money you ever make from your fitness business? Yes. This gives out a hundred a round of applause. Last month was about 10 and then 40 year. It was 245,000. Let's give correct around the applause. Last month wound up with 26,500 and one dollar. I finished in the year at $260,546 in 70 cents. Come on, you're all not treated. Yes sir. It'd be one thing that's all Christy. What Christ? South of Christ man, that's the last month we finished 13k. We got to 120k for last year. I'm so grateful because I doubled my income since last year. I don't know the currency you've seen. I don't think I had seen. It's him. It's him. Last month I brought the money for. Come on, man, you make $10,000 last week. From all just over. September. It's been a super excited guy. I finally hit my first 20k month. I did 20.1k last month. And I'm doing nothing special guys. I'm doing exactly everything that Brandon teaches. So you can do a testimonial like that. So you can just have if you have a budget testimonial like me. Obviously that was for online training. But if I was selling fitness stuff, I could have did it with my clients. If you have like video testimonials from him or if you don't have video testimonials like him, you could just tell the story of them with their before and after the way gendered. And she blocked out their face because some people like eminent, you get that school. But like these are real testimonials. Maybe you guys want to learn how to do this. I look the free ebook, the 10k man is the one I'm training and start learning with my clients. Start doing. Actually, the growing business started in some of this money. Another one you could do is the best supplements. Here's a talking head version from Korean you saw he made $275,000 last year. That's sleeping supplements you can get right here in public. So when it comes to sleeping supplements, I usually stay away from melatonin because when comes a melatonin, you can get very dependent on it. And if you get dependent, that means that you have to always use it just to go asleep. So something that you could take on and off, especially if you have a racing mind, is this gaba. Alright, I highly recommend taking this is something that I take personally as well. I recommend a lot of my students. I remember this video is like, you only see no fancy editing here. You don't need no fancy editing, no fun crazy. You don't need it. I don't want that to be a hinders. Sometimes my videos have fancy editing, but I got neema. I got a guy on staff who's really nice with this shit. I'm telling you my students are doing this shit by themselves. Right, you're exactly right. So take it and with gaba, it helps relax the body and the mind. There are no cuts on this. It helps you to stop testosterone as well. So if you're trying to build some muscle mass while you're sleeping because that's where all the magic happens, take gaba. My second best is going to be a 5HTP. So when it comes to 5HTP, this is really good because it helps with serotonin production. Okay. Now, if you try either or the gaba or the 5HTP, you can actually- We're going to watch this go. He's just talking about the shit in the video, right? Then you go and you wrote an epic caption. This is working really well, right? It's just a talking hit. But you could do this. Again, you could do this voiceover style too. You could just, you show in each content each supplement. You could take or you can do it. Text only style showed the supplements you take, right? Different ways to do it. You make the same video three times with three different styles. Talking here, voiceover, text only. You see, none of these are fucking bullshit in the gym videos. Right? You can do videos in the gym where you show exercise, but you still want to do it like this. Talking here or you don't want to just be in there, lifting and thinking that's going to get you some fucking plant in, so without teaching them something. You can also do hacks. Every time I post something that's like a hack somebody said, there are no hacks. It's just fucking calories and calories out. Yeah, dumb ass. But you know, there's some different ways to get the calories burnt. Bring way to burn fat. First, think your body weight in pounds times 10. And that's how many calories you should get each day. You're going to track it on your phone with my fitness pal. You're going to walk 20,000 steps every day. How are you going to do that? Well, if you like me when you have your desk, why are you working? You're going to have a treadmill. You can't afford that. They go outside. Outside is free. Oh, you're doing that walking. You're going to be listening to some podcast on how to get money. So you can get some money in a four-year cell, a treadmill desk. Do that every day to your ideal weight. That is a hack. Fuck with the nerds say that is a hack. Man, tell me, you'll get to a treadmill desk is a fucking hack. Fuck with the nerds say that was a talking head hack. Well, what do you should know? All these videos get, I'm showing my physique. Even if I got a shirt on, it's a fucking tank top or something. You got to show your physique. Only drink, bring me protein shakes. I'm drinking protein shakes multiple times a day. So I'm not going to be out here mixing, shit up, or shaking, shit up. It didn't have to do a dish. Have to clean it. I shake this up, drink it, throw it away. Then I'm back again in this money. Everything's going to say something like this, or the fact that I don't you silverware. I only use paper and plastic. People say, all you just get a mate. If you've got so much money, all you just get a mate. Listen, my housekeeper comes once or twice a week. But I eat multiple times a day. I'd have to have a living mate or like a nanny or some shit. So a lot easier to throw this shit away. As a way I say time, energy. I can devote that time to the acquisition capital. My favorite brand is Quest. I think these tastes the best. Good amount of protein, 30 grams. I'm patented down a few of these per day. And this is an easy convenient way to get more protein. Sometimes I just want to drink this instead of eating a steak. It's got to be premade because one thing I'm not doing is dishes. Like I remember when I had a nanny for my son. And I was like, this is dope. She comes. And she does everything for me. She makes him a little lunch. She cleans up everything. And she makes him breakfast in lunch. I was like, man, I need a nanny. So those are like hacks you can use. I'll show you one more piece. Games to lose that. Get yourself a Nintendo switch while you're on the exercise bike. So I'll play game, smash a bro's or spit some while I'm burning fat. Or you can just sell up an iPad mini and play game called Call and Duty Mobile. And you can play that while you're on the exercise bike. Drop it, nukes on the haters and burn in fat. So I'm on a tame easily. Or you can get yourself a little bit of these nerd mask. I'll kill this. And what I do is I strap this to my fucking face. And I play boxing game, creed, or my favorite is super high VR. You know, make your true an agents. And I know that's I'm burning the most calories with this because I track it with my ordering. And these are fun ways to burn fat. All right, if you got some hacks or some shit that you do that's different or something you recommend that's different than other people. Some something unique make a video about I'm telling you, man. That's hacks. Another style of video you can do is day in the life content. People love warriors and they love reality TV. That's why the fucking credit. Credation has became billionaires all this shit. You get interested in some knowledge in it to help them accomplish the goals. And how I do it is all voice over style. Take videos throughout the day when I'm doing what my phone, though that shouldn't cap cut, talk over it. To another day in a life of a baller shot call or in Miami floor. Start my day with a quick workout in the gym. I'm showing them that I'm working out. I'm showing them I'm rip, right? This is very important. Right before I go live on Instagram and TikTok simultaneously because I got too fun. Then my girl and I went to her photo shoot for her new bikini line. Some of her friends showed up for the shoot. I'm hoping she can turn this into a billion dollar business so I can be a stay at home boyfriend. The girls continued to frolic in the water but I had to leave to meet up with my boy, Eli on his boat where he was having an event. He had some food on the boat. Obviously I had my skin. Right? What the walk, right? You can throw shit in there to speak to your target market. I'm talking to trainers. That's extreme for trying that out. Not all trainers are doing that but if they see it, they like, you know, they know what's up. If Jen was doing it to mom, she would like her bikini, picking her, dropping her kids off at the car line, making mom shit, right? I'm doing baller shit. You know what I'm saying? But she would do mom shit. It means a way to food because you're not tracking you slack. The homey, robby pulled up to the boat in another boat. And me and the homey Eric went to the heat game later than night. They heat loss. But the only thing they could cure my sadness was watching these old people dance at the time out. Now I could have threw a CTA on there, right? But I don't always do that on the day in life videos, but it would have worked too, right? You know, I really like this content. And people like it too, it brings them in your life. Welcome to another day in a life of a baller, shot caller in Miami, Florida. Started off with sunrise, ocean, front, cardio, followed by a light body weight workout. None crazy. Just like work. I did more cardio while taking my first meeting. But I'm showing on working out doing this cardio. You know what I'm showing that I live this shit. Took some more meetings with the camera facing the ocean to flex on the other attendees. You've got a free water delivery from this local company called No Days Off. While on one of my other balconies, we realized that Jeremy just moved into a condo next door. So I stopped, but I was doing it. So check out the homies, no place. And he has the biggest balcony I've ever seen on a pin hop. Yo, Jeremy lost almost 30 pounds. This is, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to him. Then it was time for dinner. My favorite restaurant. Of course, I got my skill with me, my girl, and my boy time, and his girl came through. Time came through dressed like he was about to drop the hardest mix tape in a year. I don't drink, but my girl had maybe too much to drink. And that's always works out well for me. And it's like these people become recurring characters in your reality show. Right? People start the, the most invested is dope. And somebody asked how do I record hands free at the meta, the meta shades. Then you could just record shit all the time. Really easy, but a lot of shows don't want my phone. I'm sure you stay in a life of a baller shot called. I had my driver pick up me and my son to take us on our adventure. He drew a picture of me and it's super accurate. We pull up the build of bear workshop to make our own toys like bosses. He made a Simpsons colored Sonic and dressed him like Harry Potter. Then we hit a Lego Discovery World played with Legos, built Legos, played Lego games, and then bought some Legos to take home. We jump back in the whip until the driver to take us to this slime place. I forget the name of the slime place, but the place we can play with slime and do slime stuff. Then we put on the ponchos and got slime. I used to watch Nick and loading double-dears a kid and I always stop man when they just go be meat. I get slime. And it happened, man. Dreams come true if you work hard. Methods! The cardboard is at the plane to slime, rolling to slime, running to slime. Then we hit a Dave and Busters. We started playing games, winning games, winning tickets, getting merchandise. Seems like he had a pretty good day. I went to the gym to get another workout. It's on the show in my life and I'm showing them different parts of me, right? These videos are important because people in the bathroom who they have to know good like you and trust you. And if you bring them in your life, it helps build that no liking trust. I'm going to show just one more. They ain't a life of a baller shot call in Miami, Florida. My day starts super early with Ocean Front cardio and body weight exercises. Followed by Desayuno, called Minovia. She was eating walkals with some big candies. I took my morning meeting to wow exercise and doing cardio on my desk, bike, or diet. This allows me to work on my fitness and my body simultaneously. So, like I'm showing that I'm really living this shit. You know, it's not a game. You film me? I'm not done in the net two, three workouts already. Like I'm showing that I live this shit. For lunch, we hit up this spot called Joe a Beach. They had a lot of keto options for me. My girl clearly has some sort of deal with the devil that allows her to eat whatever she wants and look like this. Then I spoke in my boy Jeremy's mastermind where everyone said I was the best speaker as usual. Got another quick workout in before we hit up another spot for dinner. People don't believe this, but I take my scale with me everywhere I go. I walk the walk. I'm showing you I walk the walk. I walk away my fooling hit my macros. Then it was time to watch the maverick's loops. Right, and so the number real guy man, I watch the maverick's loops like everyone else. These videos are really well done. I really did. Maybe it's just a self indulgent. All are shot, call her in Miami, Florida. I started my day off every day with a walk on an ocean. I see this lizard every day. I named it Lorenzo. Yo, straight up. So, I'm telling you, these people become characters. If you do this enough, right, and if people really like to like you and trust you, people be hit in me, we all whistle with Lorenzo. Where's Lorenzo way? Right, after they saw him in some of these videos, we had nothing seen Lorenzo in about a year. We think we suspect he got eaten by birds. This is a circle of life. After I catch up with Lorenzo, I hit my first workout. Then it's time for sales, he means over breakfast. I hit the gym again like a G. Then start getting ready to put my gross. He got big titties and but he went and got a pick. You can have both. Me met a with Tiffany at a Korean barbecue spot because she Asian. Of course, I got to bring my skill with me, not tracking you. Slacking. We said buy the Tiffany because she was about to go get birthday drunk. Then we hit up cardio yet. And check out the new watches. I could not decide between the steel and the goal. I'ma get both. Then my knees came through. I changed clothes and took us to the arcade. We played every game twice. Then I took her to the mall. Most of us got to the mall. I ran into one of my subscribers. I guess he grows puppies and sales them. That's cool. Then we met up with everybody for dinner. And that was my day. Right. That guy said really works, man. You know, they don't have to be as wild as mine. They'd also post just like mindset shit. Talking head style really works for these. I prefer it. Like so here's the example. One is a gym or you hate dieting or you hate anything that's a dude that copstic goes. I want you to change your mindset. The fact that you don't enjoy it and do it anyway. It's something to be proud of. Because any asshole can do shit just fun and exciting. Because you're putting yourself through something that you don't enjoy in service of a goal or service of something greater that sets you apart. And it makes you literally better within them. So awesome mindset. You know, I could have said, hey, if you want some help, what to do in the gym, comment the word boom boom. You know, and that would have been a good CTF. You can give you another example of this. Or things that mentally strong men do. First of all, you've got to do it. Stop saying you're going to try to do things or I'm trying to do this. You can't be a tribe baby. That almost implies that failure is an option. You need to tackle your goals with the sense of urgency that looks like madness to regular people. Second thing you need to do, stop complaining. You always need to be looking forward. The third thing you need to do, monitor the way you talk about yourself. Because your words are just your thoughts, verbalize. So you never want to stay stuff like, man, I just can't figure out how to do this. And the last thing you need to do is to reframe all of your subjects as positive because they actually do make you stronger if you move past them. I've lost money, I've lost businesses, I've lost everything before. And I came back stronger. Now I don't have as much fear because I already know if I lose it, I know how to get back here. And when you have that kind of mentality, that makes you one of the most dangerous stuff. So that's my said. But you can do that either when you're talking to a voice over or text only, I prefer talking to those kind of videos. Those are just some of the many ideas of things you can post on Instagram that will make you more money, especially if you follow it with Epic Formula, it's going to really work for you. How do I notice that I've helped over 15,000 people be able to successful online fitness businesses? I made my first million as an online trainer before I started teaching people to shit. If you want to learn how to do it, you've got a free book, a 10 commandments of online training. So we'll break down this and more. Really how to build your business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're now certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience. It's the link in description. All right.

=== FILE: Why I Take 1,000mg of Caffeine Every Day [uOyaDMnOwac].txt ===

I take over a thousand milligrams of caffeine a day and I think you should take more caffeine. However, amount of caffeine you're taking, it's not enough. Caffeine has been proven to improve cognitive performance, improve physical performance, improve your health, give you superhuman strength and help you burn fat. Now a lot of people may hear me say I take a thousand milligrams of caffeine and he thinks that's excessive. Hey, you don't want to take as much as me, you probably can't do anything I do. I do all types of you can't do what you need to take more than you take it now. And a thousand is not that excessive. People start tripping when I say this shit, but let me introduce you to someone y'all might know my favorite white science man. Andrews you burn man. Let's see what he's got to say about it. Consumer about 800 milligrams of caffeine a day. I drink you. I'm half Argentine. You a jam, I drink you a mothray. I drink you a mothray. Oh, you're a zero sugar you're a mothray or I drink you a mothray out the guard. You remember everyone's favorite white science man. He's out of the team and we just we just learned day. They kind of white, but he takes 800 milligrams of caffeine a day. I heard that shit. I was like, man, look at Ricky Nors. I take over 1,000 milligrams of caffeine a day. At least now I'm not telling you that you should take that much today. You don't want to start with 1,000 milligrams. I had to work my way up today. Caffeine is a super droid. So first of all, caffeine will help you burn fat. The journal of international society of sports nutrition. But this study showed caffeine increases maximal fat oxidation during a graded exercise test. Right. Now here's the thing. What's fat oxidation? Well, fat loss is a two-part process. It's oxidation and lapoluses. Lepoluses is when your fat sales are broken down into fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. This is one of the reasons why you have more energy when you take care of them. Can they pop in? Right. So it's going to help you with fat loss. But that's not the only reason that you help you with fat loss. A lot of you guys, you have cravings. You want to eat candies and cake like a child or woman and you're like them. How are going to stop eating all these candies and cakes and sweets? Well, focus on a tasty treating amount. Right. Well, here's the thing. Caffeine is a potent appetite suppressant. When you're taking caffeine, when you're high off the caffeine, because there is a high, you won't be as hungry. So it'll be easier for you to not put a tasty treating your mouth like your mom. She can't help herself. She gets one of your caramel treats. How she's not going to put her mouth on it. Man, but you need to restrain yourself. You don't have to start with a thousand milligrams of caffeine a day. In fact, some of you might be thinking that thousand milligrams of caffeine is going to kill you. It won't. You need about 10,000 milligrams of caffeine. Kill you. Right. That's the lethal dose. 1000 milligrams? Nothing. It's not that big deal. You don't want to start there. I've been basically abusing caffeine since I was 16 years old. I said this should call ripped fuel before basketball games. One of the reasons why I let the league in fast. And I think I still have the school record for ejections in the season. I was like a young, drayman green. Caffeine also improves your mood. You know, this is men's mental health month and it's also Pride month. So it's all about the boys this month. You know, but caffeine will help you with your mood. Don't believe me. Here's a study, bitch. How caffeine can improve mental health and psychiatric disorders. One of the reasons that works is when you get caffeine, when you take a lot of caffeine, it floods your body with dopamine. It also increases the sensitivity of your dopamine receptors. Right. So you get more dopamine, but you also feel the dopamine more. Caffeine is fucking awesome. I took 300 milligrams right before it is. That's why we're all enjoying this video so much. Y'all never seen me over the last 12 years on lesson 300 milligrams of caffeine. Every time I fire up my camera, I take a pre workout. Every time, 12 years straight, I take it before work. It is not even just pre workout for me. It pre work before I'm meeting a speech. Whatever I'm doing, I'll take some pre workout before it. Not only does it improve my performance, but it makes it more fun. It increases the dopamine levels and it increases the sensitivity of the dopamine receptors. So you feel it more. Here's a quick pro tip. Take a pre workout before you have inner cores. Vaginal inner courses. That's only inner course I have experienced with. If you haven't taken pre workout before, vaginal inner course, then you basically emerge. You ain't real sex. Here's another reason why you should take a pre workout before inner course. Here's a study that shows that caffeine improves physical performance. So listen, if you haven't been taking pre workout before sex, you ain't been giving your girl the best you can do. You ain't been giving her the most. You've been half-assin it. That's why she's been cheating on you. Caffeine also improves cognitive performance. It's a new tropic. It's a potent new tropic. So here's a study that shows the effects on cognitive performance, mood and alertness. This is in sleep deprived humans. So listen, if you ain't got enough sleep, make some caffeine. It's going to help you out. Let's take a deal. Get enough sleep. Will it still help you? Well, according to Harvard School of Medicine, boom, caffeine and a healthy diet may boost memory, think and skills. The reason you get a quick wake-up call from sugar, cup cup cup of coffee. Well, white man wrote this right. It has to do with the wake-capping. Tricks your brain. Not only is caffeine a brain stimulant, but it also blocks receptors for chemical call adenosine, which normally prevents the release of excitatory brain chemicals. With adenosine out of the way, these brain sparking chemicals can flow more freely, giving you a surge of energy and potentially improving mental performance and slowing age-related mental decline. It's a super drug. People say, oh, you take too much caffeine. And the only problem with taking too much caffeine, it's as addictive. But it's also cheap. So who gives a fuck? Caffeine is cheap as dirt. Literally cheap is dirt. Like if you were at the home deep-o, and bought a bag of dirt, there would be like the same buying a fucking box of caffeine powder. It's literally cheap as dirt. You're going to prove your brain performance. You're kind of warned. That's not it though. Here's another study. Caffeine and is a cognitive enhancer? Yeah, man. Caffeine facilitates performance and task involving working memory to eliminate any step. But that's not it. Here's the thing. You may be thinking, what about your long-term health? Boom. Step for studies have shown that coffee drinkers tend to live longer than those who abstain from it. It's a studies published in the European Journal. But it's another study from an American University, Stanford University, Founding Caffeines, make counter-age-related inflammation and slow-to-age-impressess. Caffeine may counter-age-related inflammation is from Stanford University, good-of-mirroric and college. This shit is good for you. You need to take more caffeine. So what does that look like? I know you see the other guys with the morning routines, my home, my home, the ash and all, you're doing all this shit. I was like, where is the caffeine but he left a lot of stuff out. Like, ash and all, even urine ain't too normal. You understand? He left everything out. Right? I wake up and I don't take caffeine and medies. I used to take caffeine and medies, but I heard that because it blocks a denocene, you still have a denocene in your brain when you wake up from sleep, right? A denocene is the cup. I can't go to makes you tired. If you take caffeine, so as you wake up, it blocks the denocene but it doesn't allow it to clear out of your system. So that's why sometimes people get tired in the middle of the day that they start to day off with coffee. The home of you brimming and he said, to wait 90 minutes after you wake up to take caffeine. You're fucked that. I weighed about 230 minutes and then I took a pre-workout about 300 milligrams of caffeine. Pre-workout. I don't have no favorite brand. If I had to shout out one, I'm a shout out the shit called Woke AF, but I come and you call bucked up, but that's only because it does I'm a homies who own that company. Right? As long as you got 300 milligrams of caffeine, at least, I'm a good shade. I then I get in the shower and I start and I shave and I do all my old ass shit. Then I have my next meetings. Sometimes I think another pre-workout or I eat sometimes I won't. Right? I wake up around 5 or 6 a.m. The Pizzle Highfield. I'll definitely take another pre-workout by around 11. Whether I work out or not is the thing. It's from me is pre anything. Then I'll probably have another pre-workout around 3 or maybe I'll extend it to 5 or sometime between 3 and 6. PM. So I have my third pre-workout. And that gives me about 900 milligrams of caffeine per day. But I'll probably go over that because sometimes I'll take a shout out of espresso, which has about 70 milligrams of caffeine. I'll take a few shots of espresso every now and then. And it's not always pre-workout. Sometimes I'll drink protein shakes and I mix it with like 4 shots of espresso, but let's make you need more caffeine. You can't be sitting around here tired. If you tired, you might as well be re-tired. You can't compete with the motherfuckers. Who's out here? Doubt up on caffeine. And you just can't compete with them. You might have to start half a pre-workout. Maybe one shot of espresso. Figure it out, man. Now some of you motherfuckers would be like, oh man, maybe I have to take pre-workout before I go. No motherfuckers. You should not be iron-goon in for recreation. It's not something you want to be better at. But you need to have it before in a course. And before work, any kind of work, if you're going to write a book report, if you're going to study, take pre-workout for your study, man. I'm telling you, man. It's going to make it more fun and you're going to do better. And if you want more advice on how to burn fat, I got a video that will show you. You go watch right after this. All right. Cool.

=== FILE: Why It Doesnt Matter Whos the President [7OCdN2nwnVo].txt ===

But the time you're watching is we have a new president. It's not something I give much credence to because I know the success of myself, my family, and my future is more dependent on what I do than who's who is a president. Your future is going to be dependent on who's in your house, more than who's in the White House. I'm going to find a way to win no matter what circumstances I find myself in. I'm going to find a way to succeed no matter who wins the election. So you need to have that same attitude. If your candidate did not win, you need to think, hey, how am I going to succeed on the V circumstances? If your candidate did win, your success is still up to you no matter what. For example, I made my first million under the Obama administration. I made even more money during Trump's first time. That's when I expanded my net worth dramatically. And I made the most money I ever made in my whole life during the Biden administration. So what does that mean? That my success is up to me. And you need to really focus on that. I hear people saying, I'm a leave the country. If someone's so with this person wins or if that person wins, first of all, you ain't go do shit pussy. You won't stay put. You will bitch. I know because you ready to fucking leave a country because your candidate didn't win. That's how democracy works. Sometimes you can't even win. Sometimes you can't even lose. It's your job to win no matter what. Because the truth is, it's not going to affect you that much. I've lived through a lot of different presidents, man. But the most part, what's minor differences my life was the same. And it's going to be for yours too. For example, on Trump one last time, my taxes got lower. Yours didn't. For my day. And if you win this time, hey, I get to enjoy more tax cuts. That's going to be awesome for me. And if Kamala wins well, I'm at the pay more taxes. But I guess I'm going to find the the bright side in that. And I think the bright side will be that somebody who went to the same college is me as president, our university. And I get to rep that. So I'm a win no matter what as usual. And you really got to take that same fucking attitude, like no matter no matter what happens. I'm going to succeed. Because you can't change this shit. I had a friend. And he was a big Trump supporter. The friend of mine, Kuga. After Trump lost the election, him and his friends, they were going to get together on January 6th and have a little protest. I was like, all right, it's cool. Man, it's a part of America democracy. You're allowed to protest. Next thing I know, January 6th comes around. And I see a picture of him hanging from the fucking raffters in the capital. Yeah, he went to prison. And this wasn't some fucking jackass. Again, I tell you, friends with me, he was a multi-millionaire. But he worked with some really high level people that you know. Not anymore. He went to fucking jail. He's out now. He had to change his name. He is difficult for him to get work now because nobody wants to. He's a felon. And he'd like through his life away because his candidate didn't win. Sometimes my candidate wins sometimes when my candidate does. And I just look for a way to win no matter what. And that's the same thing you had to do. You always got to look for a way to win. Your success is up to you. If Trump was going to fucking fix your whole fucking life and fix all your problems, you would have did that shit when he had a chance. If Kamala was going to fix all your fucking problems, she would have helped do that shit when she was vice president. Odds are your life has been pretty much the same throughout both administrations. Trump did help me save a lot of money on taxes because those were tax cuts for rich folks, man. Even if I get into a lot of paid more taxes, I mean, I got to make more money. I mean, that's all that means. When Biden became president, I was like, hmm, probably going to start out to pay more taxes. He's probably going to reverse those Trump tax cuts. He didn't, but I think he probably will. So how do I win the D. circumstances? Okay, no problem. Move to Florida, no state income tax. And then he didn't end up raising the taxes shout out to Biden. And the stock market hit no all time high. I'm like, okay, like he had a lot of money in the market. So I'm a win no matter what, brother, and you got to have that same attitude. But if you are, you can't be out here throwing your life away, tripping or getting off fucking emotional, right? You got to be stoic. Right? Sometimes the ball bounces your leg. Sometimes it doesn't. And if you are serious about winning, and you want to make 20, 25, you're best year, no matter who's in office, I got a free tool for you. It's called the Victory Success Plan. It's in the description where you can map out all your goals for the year. I've used this to help people off coach make tons of money. And there's a habit tracker. So you can start setting up a habit. It's right. It's what it's important. The life you're living now is not because of who's in the office or who wasn't in office. If you're living now is a result of the decisions you made in the past. Right now, you're living the results of all the decisions you made in the past. Your life is a sum. Is the sum total of your past decisions. If you want your future circumstances to be different than your current circumstances, you've got to make different decisions. Right? You've got to have different habits. That's why there's a habit tracker in the Victory Success Planter. And there's a tutorial on there where you can show you how to set up your own habits. It's our track in it. And this way you can win no matter what, I promise you, it's to apologize with President now. Trump's in prison is now. He was President now. You can steal copies of your goals. Download that fucking tracker right now. And let's get the work man. It's free. 100% for you and you've got to put your email in or no shit like that. It's free. Downloading now.

=== FILE: Why Sugar is KILLING YOU [h28w8yBhdq4].txt ===

In this video, I want to talk to you about poise and the e and everyday that I really think is ruining your health, messing with your mental health, slowly destroying your life in a subtle way. And the problem is everybody thinks this is okay and this substance is called sugar. In the fitness community, we all say calories and calories out. Doesn't matter what you eat as long as you get the right calories, you can still hit your fitness go for. As long as you still hit your macros, you can hit your fitness goals. And that's true to a certain extent. There's a study done by this professor. He did something called the Twinkie Diet. He lost 27 pounds even basically all junk food, but he was in a caloric deficit. So yeah, you can just get your focus on your macros and hit your fitness goals if your goals are purely aesthetic. However, sugar is really bad for you. And I've avoided sugar for the past 10 years. I'd like to make the case for you to avoid it. So even though you could still get ripped, you could still be in good shape. I want to make the case for why you should avoid sugar. Now, this is going to piss a lot of people off. I made an Instagram reel. Maybe a month ago, someone asked me, and he said, you every eat sweet. And I was like, what do you want to go? He just called me your pump man. And I said, no, man, sweet up women and children. And I said to kind of visit joke, right? People got super mad. I didn't know you guys love candies and cakes so much. They were like, oh, a little bit of sugar is bad. It's all right. It's fine. Sugar is really bad for you. Let me list some of the ways. And then I'm going to show you just how sinister this compound is. Right. So first of all, sugar zaps your energy. Here's the study that shows that simple sugars spike blood glucose levels followed by a sharp decline, which leads to crashes in energy and in irritability. Sugar is a simple carbohydrate and carbohydrates are converted into glucose or glycogen. When your blood glycogen levels go above 110, your pancreas decrease a hormone called insulin. Insulin's job is to lower your glucose levels. However, it's going to do it indiscriminately when your blood glucose levels are that high enough to spike insulin. Your body thinks it's emergency. It's going to get as much glucose out of your blood as possible. Right. And this is why people get tired after they eat or you have the sugar crash. That's what the sugar crash is. Your body trying to save your goddamn life. I get a riddle about it, extra glucose. If your body didn't do that, you would have what's called diabetes one. You have to inject your insulin to stay alive. But this could also lead. Here's another study that shows that sugar can lead to chronic fatigue. Right. So diet's high sugar can cause spikes. How it negatively affects your adrenal hormones and how it affects your cicadian rhythms. Okay. The another study showing that sugar can lead to lethargy. Right. I can really show you studies on this topic all day. But this is not the only thing that's bad about sugar. Sugar can also drive you crazy. Like really fuck with your brain and fuck with your sanity to a certain degree. Here's the study that shows that diet's diet's high sugar are associated with increased risk of developing both depression and other mental health issues. Here's another study that shows that sugar leads to depression. This is what they talk about in this study right here. Here's another one. Here's a study showing that sugar consumption can lead to stress and anxiety. Like I'm telling you, this should be bad for you. Like in fact when I was researching this video, it further cementing my legions to sugar abstinence. Here's a study that shows that there's a highly significant correlation between sugar consumption and rate of depression. This should be scary shit. I know you guys think you're gonna be sure it's okay. I can have a cheat day. I can have all this. Listen, mention this. This should fuck you up. If another study in a quote from it is, dietary sugar intake is positively associated with depression in US adults according to this study. Not only does it make you fucking crazy stress that like a spasm, it also makes you stupid. So here's the study that shows high sugar consumption. Particularly from sugar red drinks has been linked to impaired memory and cognitive function. Here is a study that shows that the sugar consumption decreases cognitive function. This is a meta-at analysis, the impact of added sugars on cognitive functions. You guys think it's okay. It's important for me to show you why sugar so bad for you and show you the studies. Because I know sometimes you won't believe it. Unless you hear some nerds say it. You want to believe this sugar is good for you because you love it. You're adding. This shit isn't addictive substance. Right now if you argue with me, you are like the crack-a-busses. Look at you, man. I can quit any time. You know, if you don't care about how well your brain functions may, I get you some sugar, man. It also shows that it increases the risk of all times. This is in older fellas, obviously. Increases the risk of all times. However, you may be thinking, oh man, I'm not an old person. So I gotta worry about that. Yeah. But hopefully you'll be a old person one day. If you got children or if you're a child watching this, it should be a consumption in children has been associated with poor cognitive function, attention deficits, and high-practivity. But you knew that as a whole say here. I think you'd be crazy to believe, oh man, it only affects old people in toddlers. Right? Everyone else is the moon. That's not what the data I've been showing you this far. It's so, right? Yeah. And here's one study that shows it aggravates symptoms of anxiety and stress. High sugar consumption can't get fake basically. Exciting increases. But not only that. It also makes you ugly. Yeah. Sugar makes you ugly. For fact, here's a study that shows that sugar accelerates aging in the skin. Sugar leads to the degradation, the degradation of collagen, right, which leads to premature aging. And that same in the same last study I showed a reference how diet's high sugar can actually lead to increased acne. Right? So if you can pimples the shit, right? Maybe you put the candy bars down for a week, man. Watch that shit clear up. Muffa is even treats all day. Wonder why the skin is breaking up. The same last study showed that it also increases skin conditions like Xema. Right? It's bad for your skin. It also promotes cellular aging, right? So it makes your your basically the gaseles and your mighty mitochondria age quicker. Right? This should be scary shit. If that wasn't enough, it wasn't enough that it made that it fucks up your energy. It makes you slow, fucks up your brain health, makes you stupider and makes you uglier. If that wasn't enough, it also fucks with your health. Hi, sugar and say it has been strongly linked to weight gain and obesity. I mean, you knew that again, with fitness industries like, oh man, as long as I'm a chlorideficit, the problem is it's difficult to be in a chlorideficit when you eat tons of sugar because sugar isn't addictive. So here's the study from Princeton University to show the sugar can trigger dopamine release in the brain's reward center. And the parts of your brain that are involved in motivation, reward, similar to effects seen in addictive drugs like cocaine and heroin. This is Princeton University saying this. So yeah, you can steal each sugar and be in the chlorideficit and get rid of the lose weight. However, you're making it difficult for yourself because this shit is addictive. It makes parts of your brain the reward center you're brain fire off. It also sugar consumption has been linked to increased risk of certain cancers. Right? My focus is out here getting cancer off to sugar. Right? It's increased risk, right? There's another one that shows me, I'm gonna give you another. There's a few, it's actually like a lot of studies that showed it in promotes cancer. All right, sugar. All right. Don't shoot the messenger. Right? I have no, I'm not promoting nothing. I'm not selling nothing. I was just shocked to how many of you guys got mad at me for saying maybe you guys shouldn't consume sugar. But let's go let's keep going. Right? So this study shows that this consumer consumption has a strong correlation to kidney disease and we had another one. In this study shows the high sugar diets can lead to yeast infections. Sugar can fuck with your reproductive health. So if you want to have some little I haven't sugar made the ministry of chances. Right? But it also weakens immune system. Assessive sugar can impair function of immune cells, reduces body's ability to fight infections. People who eat a lot of sugar get sick more. But people really think this is okay. The problem is it's addictive. You may think it's all right. But it's addictive. Here's another study from Mount Sinai Hospital where they said that sugar addiction is real. Here's the science behind and how to quit. You know, he's like, this is a real thing. Like sugar is addictive. And some studies show this as addictive as certain drugs. How do you stay in a caloric deficit if you're eating this shit that's like super addictive is as addictive as a lot of drugs. Now here's the thing about sugar. It's in a lot of your food and it's everywhere. Now some people may be looking at all that and they say, what is some good sugar and there's some bad sugar. Believe in it some sugars are good and while other sugars are bad is of fundamental misunderstanding of the sugar mark. The sucrose is in sugar. The sugar in your candy bar is the same as the white sugar. It's the table. It's the same as the sugar in your fruit. It's identical. Your body does not know the distinction. Now fruit. There is a difference in if you eat whole fruit. I'm going to talk about that in a minute. It's the same molecule this in honey, agave, all that right. It's all the same molecule and these molecules are sucrose glucose and fructose. These are the same molecules. And sucrose we're in chemistry class is sucrose is C12, H22, 11, glucose is C6, H12, O2, I mean O6 that that fructose is C6, H12, O6. And these are the molecules. The molecules are the same. The difference lies not in the sugar itself but in his packaging. When you eat whole fruits like bananas or oranges or or even apples right. It's the same molecules. However, it's a ton of fiber in that fruit. And that fiber actually causes the glucose and the sugar to be absorbed slower and you don't get the same spike in glucose levels. So if you're going to eat some of the sweet whole fruits, I really don't only like safe options, safe itch. You want some sweet the best choice is whole fruits. However, you need to understand that fruits they're natural, but fruit is all natural ish. This is what prehistoric watermelons look like. Very little of it was edible as opposed to now. You can see some watermelons without the seeds right. This is here's a banana now. You know bananas are like but back in the day it was like barely edible. It was different. It was smaller. You see what apples look like now but back in the day they were smaller than they were bitter. What happens is over the thousands of years we bred different fruits together and different strands of fruit to get what you can near grocery store. Now our ancestors would have never seen it apple the way we see it right. They wouldn't know what that was. Natural ish. It's natural the way a dog is natural like they're really wolves but we took all these wolves and we bred them into you know now you got a little dog you can fit in your pocket. We took wolves and bred them in a way where we made them how we wanted them but it's so natural ish. However it's still the best form of sweets. It's the only one I really recommend because it has the fiber. Now when you juice the fruit you really fuck it up right because now you took away all the fiber and now you just let behind pure sugar but you concentrate it the sugar. So that's why I did a glass of apple juice you need you know a few apples. You're just getting the sugar from the apple juice and throwing away the fiber to actual part is really healthy and you're just getting sugar and that sugar is the same sugar. Su-cross glucose and fru-co's is the same sugar this on your fucking table because that sugar came from a plant too. That sugar came from sugar cane like it was it's just been processed a little bit more but if you juice something you're it's a form of processing right? All those studies I showed you fruit juice is applicable to that as well. It's going to have the same effect as the fucking cool egg. Now yet as vitamins or antioxidants is better to get those vitamins and antioxidants from the fruit because you get the fiber too sugar is evil so I'm using all but it's refined sugar listen the molecule is the same on a molecular level it's the same as these molecules. That's what you need to stand in your body is going to process it in the same way. So all the negative stuff I told you about sugar applies to all forms of sugar from cake to juice and even honey like I know honey you know has a reputation for being a healthy food but on a on a chemical level it's the fucking same as table sugar. It's exactly the same. Now you may be thinking that honey has some antioxidants. Yeah but listen six tablespoons of honey had the same amount of antioxidants as one blueberry that's not hyperbably. Look it up one single blueberry so the amount of antioxidants are basically negligible honey is not a health food if you want antioxidants eat some blueberries if you're trying to avoid sugar you need to be aware of these misleading labels food industry it really pisses me off sometimes like the way they label stuff. I see this all in time they label shit makes you sound healthy you know it is sometimes the labels something called 100% natural or no sugar added that is the meaning of the half sugar and just because it's natural doesn't mean it's not full of sugar and it doesn't mean it's healthy just because it's natural there's a lot of sugar in nature the fucking kill your ass you want to go a god god in the woods with no bugs spray that's natural lime disease is natural baby it doesn't just natural doesn't mean it's good and it's still our sugar so 100% natural no sugar added only means there's no synthetic added to it that is not mean it's a sugar free product be be careful when it comes to that a lot of you guys are thinking at this point hey what about sweeteners what about artificial sweet some there are some studies show that there are some potential side effects to sweeters like ascertain uh sucreloce it's not better than real sugar ascertain is one of the most study is one of the most study compounds in human history i'm a political white doctor so you guys get it because if i just say it already knows going happy alright so we got pure worry should we be about artificial sweetness you know i don't know uh would be the short answer i i think that this is another one of those things where oh my my new he's a doctor he's a he's one of ton of wars he's not he's not like just some guy he's like a serious legit doctor check him out wait people really love to demonize these things um but if you if you really just want to look at the facts let's let's talk about facts right so as pertain which is the original kind of the OG sweetener uh everybody loves to demonize as pertain for neutral sweet but the reality of it is if there is toxicity to it it's probably impossible to measure at regular doses this is a substance that at least the last time i checked had more data on it from a safety perspective than any other molecule tested by the FDA you're kidding no it's it's just because again it's been around since the 1960s right come that saying hey listen no sweetener is better right but if we're talking about what i don't like is when people say that real sugar is better or natural sugar is better no it's fucking not i'm telling you man it this shit is bad for you consume the equivalent of 12 cans of diet soda a day it's safe probably not but we don't know right so um where do i think these sweetener so basically at regular doses it's probably negligible based off the information we have now if you don't have to believe me you can believe the doctor you know saying the critically acclaimed doctor award when inductor who said it right you don't have to believe me the best sweetener seemed to be with them with the least amount of side effects sweetener is like stevia and monk food oh seem to be the ones that are the safest if you need to use it don't be fooled by say moth regular sugar i just read natural sugar and then no it's it is fucking awful you will be way better off avoidance sugar how what does that look like for me i eat cake twice a year i have two cheat days a year that's the kind of moderation i'm talking about right if you want to do moderation you guys talk about it you do it like a few times a week or some shit now i mean that's too much like it needs to be a few times a year two cheat days a year one on Jesus birthday on Christmas i'll eat some cake and only time Jesus birthday and you know maybe like marlud the king's birthday or Juneteenth or something you know i have another piece of cake that's it now my son's birthday just pass i ain't even in that cake man i was looking at the thoughts like y'all discuss me man i don't even know cake on my birthday then i don't know that shit i'm telling you man it's not it's not what's up i highly suggest you avoid sugar in all its forms including fruit juice oh nothing about fruit juice calories bro yeah a glass of orange juice on average has 112 calories right it's like gel man do you really want to drink all these extra calories right just for some vitamin c you could just look at vitamin c vitamin fruit juice is the mother fucking scam right eat the real fruit i don't eat none of it i don't really i eat some berries sometimes because you can have that only i'm on a ketogenic diet so i eat berries sometimes because it's low so i'm a glassy me index it has the the least amount of sugar in it registered to fiber and it doesn't spike your glucose different berries have the most antioxidant of any fruit no candies and cakes no fucking treats eating snickers like a child you know none of that shit so you're gonna go through with draw symptoms initially once you want to try to win yourself out for this but the beauty of it especially when you're not doing it moderately what's gonna happen is the cradiness are going to go away i want the mash rules the other night my favorite restaurant with some of the homies and they all got the butter cake which is maybe the best tasting thing i've ever eaten in my life i'm beyond so i'm just kidding and i wasn't even tempted i watched them eat it i was like your man makes you get some of that at the middle man get you got to get that middle butter cake i was but i wasn't like tempted to eat any of it the temptation goes away once you get rid of your mother fucking addiction i lot of you got to think man i can never give up that i can never get bit because you're an addict bro you know you'd be better off without eating this shit right but you want to you're gonna come with all sorts of rationalizations because that's what mother fucking dope things do man i spend enough time around dope means no that they're rationalize it shit i'm telling you once you want but once you get through the withdrawing pimps you're gonna notice you have more energy you're skinny be clear you won't be aging as fast you'll be looking younger my focus be like your brand and you forty two man i thought you was younger than that i'm like oh man i don't eat like a child like you you was like what's your skin routine nothing i just don't eat the same bullshit you eat homie hey if you want some more i want another video on how you can actually follow a diet that will increase your energy right so you can deploy that energy against your goals make more money increase your cognitive performance so you can actually think better and become smarter i got another video that should go all about that somewhere right here my video editor is put it up you can check it out alright you

=== FILE: Will Andrew Tate Be The Next UK Prime Minister [9GsekM7ONpk].txt ===

I'm Brandon Carter, endorsed Andrew Tate for Prime Minister of Britain. Andrew Tate is back in the news. Andrew, friend of the show, friend of mine, is back in the news. And now he's running for Prime Minister of England. Now listen, I don't know a lot about British politics. But in America, you have to be born here. We're here to be present. I guess maybe they don't have those laws because Tate was born in Chicago. Last night, he got the accent kind of as far as I know he's an American citizen. But Tate don't care about the rules. The majors can't stop him. Andrew Tate moles run for Prime Minister. People throwing out two small details. Why the matrix have to use this image of him? Who is this hole in my screen? Get her off it here. I don't know to stop it. The fucking holes on my shit man. White women get off my shit. All right. So Andrew Tate asks his social media followers whether he should make a run for Prime Minister of the UK. But people will quick the point out two small issues. The controversial social media influencer took the X. Still weird to say. Sure. The after in La Musta cleared war on Niggle Farrell. In I said that Niggle didn't have what it takes to be Prime Minister. Right? Tate says this is a serious post. He's serious, right? But it takes long to people to flag two small issues. Tate is currently under house arrest still in Romania. He has investigations over new and serious allegations including stuff I don't want to say on YouTube. Who is this white woman? The majors is attacking me trying to distract me. Will white women? Well, I'm trying to give you all the truth. Prosecutes is a cute say to his brother of a buy four luxury cars and registered in the United States bubble. And he's under some of it different investigations in the UK as well. You know, listen man, he put a pole on. Should he run for Prime Minister? And the Athens war? No or save Britain. He probably didn't own purpose. This is fucking this chess man. Not checkers. All right. And now lately, a recent development is that Elon Musk came out in support of the big home. Elon says the takement. He's not wrong. And he backs. I'm not going to say that. Why why do I make just have to put that there? He backs Andrew Tate for bid as UK Prime Minister. Hold on for a sec. I have to know this now. Do you have to be born in the UK to run for Prime Minister? No, you don't have to be born in the UK to become Prime Minister. You just need to be a British citizen. Be at least 18 years old and be a member of Kylamant. Look at his little anybody doing. He's not like then America. You have to be born here. You would like you literally have to be born in America to be president. Sorry, I know that was your dream. Anyway, Elon Musk is on his side. You know, most things you can do it. I guess I guess they homies. They both down with Trump. Elon's involvement in British politics has sparked a fresh debate with the takement in areas expressing support for Andrew Tate. Shout out to both of them brothers today. A former kickbox of face and serious criminal allegations, allegations, just out of mirror allegations in his bid for UK Prime Minister. Then the piece reports, Musk, who is previously called for King Charles the Third to dissolve Parliament in a whole general election, has been vocal about his concerns regarding child grooming gangs in the UK despite an existing natural inquiry. Musk has criticized Labour Party leader for not addressing the issue more thoroughly. And even demand it is recognition on his ex-account. Now, Musk appears to have thrown his wake behind Tate. Let's go. With what he gets despite Tate's controversial parents. Musk endorsed a post that praised Tate's entry into British politics, agreeing with the statement that Tate's actions could transform British politics. Let's go and create a movement of men demand in change. Tate was previously banned on ex, who was comments on SA recently announced his attention to one for Prime Minister despite his lack of political expertise and fundamental misunderstanding of British politics. Why they say that? They don't know that. They don't know what he understands. In the post to his millions of followers on ex, he jokingly acts if he should run forever president and save a mispelled version of Britain. Right? But here's the thing, man. He is wasn't a joke, man. I think he was serious. What do y'all think, man? I'm not British. I don't have no course in his race. Oh, and he started in a new political party. What is all these ads? Why is the matrix trying to fucking stop me from giving out a truth? And you take the bruv party. The Britain restoring underlying new values party will restore the once great Britain. As a leader, I am fully accountable. If the plan has not been action and within 45 days of power, I will step down from leadership. No delays. The charter below joined the movement show more. Let's see what's up. So this is the website for Andrew Tate's political party, man. We got the bishop in there because you know, he sucks with chess. Britain restoring underlying values. This is a war to reclaim Britain. No excuses. No compromises. No second chances. We will defend our borders. Crush crime, purge corruption, and restore pride to a nation under siege. Fuck how bad is it over there? What are y'all going to do? I didn't know it was that bit. Britain will rise again. Stronger under unyielding, unparalleled if you want safety, power, and freedom join the fight. Time for talk is over. It's action or nothing. Listen, I'm from America. So this cool. I got some friends over in UK that's dope, man. We did fuck them up. Twice. Look at tech to score board, brits, revolution, war of 1812. They tried to come back in 1812. Like they tried to run it back. Said they had back home again. Yo, I was in Italy. I was in a mafia. You know, it was like on this like coast. I started something that's old British man. We were just talking. He's talking from UK. And I was like, man, you ever think about it, man. He's my fuckest fall way Hitler. And this motherfucker is to mean, but we had to fight on ourselves because America was too scared to jump into fight in the beginning. And I said, you listen to me, oh man, we saved your fucking ass. You let Hitler bomb your capital. And we had to come through fucking flexing that muscle. We are both just joking. Anyway, I fuck with Britain. All right, let's see what the core values are. This 41 tenants, I reserved the human right to hold my own beliefs and practice them as I see fit and allow other people to same right to believe in the act as they wish that's 10 it to. All right. What the fuck is this? While I'm on the site, my book is about the real world. Listen, this nigga Trump was selling motherfucking watches. He sold a guitar. They came out with guitars. My man, I said a real world. Why he's running up and for 11 warning, concentrary relationships with beautiful positive and virtuous women. Saying, I believe men and women are different. And they each have their own unique and important strengths and abilities. I fuck with it. I don't cook. You got the ability to get that kitchen. Where is my sandwich? I'm just joking, joking. I don't even breathe. This 41 of these motherfuckers. All right, I believe men have the sacred duty to protect and provide for the important people in their lives. I fuck with that. This is like AI tape. This picture right here looks like a nigga, like somebody's rather draw a tape for memory. I believe men have the sacred duty to protect the innocent and sanctity of their children and reserve the right in a response belief to raise their children as they see best fit to ensure their long-term happiness success. I'll fuck with that. Here's the same thing I disagree with yet. Maybe he should be Prime Minister. I believe men have the sacred duty to raise strong, capable, honorable sons. I'm doing that same shit. It's all my niggas who got daughters. Sorry, man. You win some, you lose some. Oh, okay, now you don't talk about the daughters. I believe men have the sacred duty to raise kind, feminine, and virtue with daughters. If God would have cursed me to have the misfortune of having a daughter instead of my strong, amazing perfect son. I would raise her to be a boxer. Maybe he'd put her in Brazil and you just who I would literally hope to she was a lesbian. But that's his me. I'm gonna have a son no matter what. You know, I had to make this chicken son. I was gonna have a son as usual. The guy's shined on me. I utterly disapprove of violence within a romantic or familial relationship. Same, man. Chris Brown told us we can't hit women. And I saw that. I was like, mmm, noted. I've been hit by women before though. Yeah, man, morning once. I'll be the shit out of a cousin though. He's here for a million. He relates. I don't know, one of my male cousins thought crazy. Oh, fuck him up. But whatever, we're gonna greet him. There's a creature on that part. I support good and honest governments and will obey only their laws. I prefer to only conduct business than to address that. Is this still we're in running for Prime Minister? I believe that a man has the sacred duty to hold true to his word and do exactly what he says we do. I'm fucking with this shit, you know, but I have really seen the same policy decisions. This is what we really want. Brother Farty, the call to restored Britain. That's what's up. This isn't about empty promises or lifelong Korean apolitics. It's about results. Everything I pledge comes to a strict time limit. If I don't deliver, I step down. No excuses. No hiding. No second chances. All right. Unlike career politicians who cling the power while achieving nothing, I will hold myself accountable to the same standards. I demand a purpose. If I fail, I face the consequences because leadership is about service. Not self-preservation. This is a mission. Not a rain. And it is the moment it stops delivering to the British people. We can say Britain quickly with the media and decisive action. Unapologetic. Relic. For free. All right. Fucking right. Look around you. Look at what we become. I got friends of British. Britain, y'all tell me, is this how London looks now. Last time I was there was beautiful. I had a great time. A nation that once ruled the waves that stood as a beacon of strength and freedom. Now cowards under its own shadow. Our streets are dangerous. Our borders are wide open. Our culture is being eroded. This is in the Britain our ancestors fall for. This is in the Britain they died for. This cannot be the Britain we lead to our children. I didn't mean to do that. They deserve what the Britain died for. They deserve what you struggle for. We must in the generational failure. I'm not in London. Is it that bad? Is it that bad? I don't know. He paints a scary picture of what Britain was happening over there. Harsh migrant control. All right. Over 45,000 illegal migrants arrived on our shores last year. Each one calls in the British tax paper. 15,000 pounds annually. That's your heart on money. Funding people who have no respect for our borders are laws or our way of life. The solution is not one more boat lands on British soils. Also, we'll be leaving the UK. Fill with illegal immigrants and not a single one will be arriving on our shore. This is a campaign guarantee. God dammit. The royal name is Woport Frola Waters. And our message will be clear if you come here illegally, you will not set foot on land. Our borders are sacred. Our sovereignty is not negotiable. Let's I'm a Beyonc Jew. I fully endorse state for Prime Minister who because he will become my most powerful friend. I'll be like, you're a whole man. I'm texting the Prime Minister of Britain. So I definitely wanted to win. British men died for British soil in 1812. It's not yours. And you have no right to it. It's not a line on the map. It's the island defended with the lives of the brave. If you get on a boat, we won't let you in. We have no obligations to save you from that boat. No matter how rough the seas. You shouldn't have been on that fucking boat in the first place. You have no rights to rob a fucking land. And legal immigration will fall to zero. And of course by the royal navy. Don't come to our eye. Do not risk it. We do not offer salvation. Prime Minister Tate. I hope you win. knife crime epidemic. Yo, this is my funny shit in America. We have guns. So people say man is so dangerous. I'm like, wait, mean you're talking about knives. You're gonna focus out here fighting. Oh, in school. They took this night shit seriously. They use a mini swords now. Anyway, knife crime epidemic zero tolerance maximum the term. Last year over 50,000 knife crime offenses in England in Wales. Yo, yo, our one-sweet was in London. Kind of Murphy Beckham, we so worked with him. You're talking to his girl. And I was like being wingman. Right? She was like, oh, like from London, she said, now from Wales. And I knew what she meant. But I said, your parents are fish. I don't know. That was like the funniest thing I said. I don't have a case anyway. That's 137 every single day. How many people were shot in America last year? I'm not sure of the exact number since it's a complex and sensitive topic. Would you like me to look it up for you? Yeah. In 2024, approximately 11,600 people died from gun violence in the United States, according to ABC News. Additionally, over 31,000 people were injured by firearms during the same period, as reported by the gun violence archive. If that's true, that's crazy, right? If 30,000 people were shot in America, which is way bigger than UK. And 50,000 knife crimes were committed. That is pretty insane. I mean, this bitch be lying to me sometimes. I'm saying, but that isn't saying it's true. All right. No, punishment we've seen by every Britain every day, including BBC punishment. Well, I'm not going to punish anybody. Listen, I'm cool with tape, man, but I didn't agree the fucking punishment you want. I'm not in law enforcement say. Anyway, 24 hour live broadcast of knife crime offenders serving solitary confinement. Oh, BBC, he met big black cock, not big brand and Carter. Not just kidding. That's British broadcast channel. Okay. So basically, what's he saying? If you are called stabbing in the UK, then you have 24, seven live broadcasts of you in solitary confinement. No redemption, Arks. No second chance is just cold, or reality of life wasted in the Congress. Amen. If crime offenders stay at stake in office, better stop stabbing. Imagine a 15 year old boy tempted to pick up a blade, turning on a TV and seeing a man grow old and die alone. That's not cruelty, that's deterrence. And it will save lives. That's an interesting policy. Reform in the BBC, a rotten institution. The BBC was once the court is thrown over British culture. Today is the stain on our national name. Sexual assault scandals alleged, woof. I don't even want to say all this stuff. The BBC will be stripped down and rebuilt. Its mission will be factual reported not propaganda. The BBC will get its topics from X and have community note styles online system verification. That's interesting. Protecting our children and restore institutional values. It's going to change the schools. The UL that children as young as six are being exposed to graphic, LBGTQ plus material, not education is indoctrination. Is that really happening? I mean I guess it's it's listen. It's taste a district. Let me be clear. All LBGTQ plus propaganda will be banned from schools. You know what's funny? They made a law about banned and stuff in Florida. Which sounds fun on a surface. But it wasn't like really happening. Everybody had no way kids in Florida include my nieces and nephews. They were never getting no gay homework. Like it wasn't a thing. I know a lot of people with kids are in it just wasn't happening. Maybe it's happening. Maybe they didn't get gay homework. They didn't get gay homework in the UK. Did you know that, Nima? I just found out. They're getting transsexual book reports. Gay homework. It upset about it. I haven't seen it in the real life. I don't even know when he third party gets counts of it that I could verify. In America. But hey man, if this happened in Europe, I think that's where like gay's come from. You know like vampire's come for transsevanging and then the spreads. I think homo says you're likely started in Europe. I think that makes a lot of sense. Tate's gonna fix it, though. Restoring British culture and identity. Captain hybridist residence at 10% of the population. Whoa, that's interesting. It's funny because he's an immigrant. He's from Chicago. He's a man. I'm in this bitch. With y'all can't come. No more. And I stand with Tate. Men died for our flag. It should be seen on the streets. Ensure every street in Britain feels British. With English traditional architects, your flag. You know, put English it on every street. Kind of like it's gonna look like this. I'll put it. I like it. I love going to the UK. Every time I'm there, I only go to London right because of where I'll see it. And then I'll wear the other one. My go to a fucking Hogwarts. Yeah, I've been like, oh, this is like a silly version of the Europe. Like the streets are all tiny. The cops don't have guns. Move bugging. Everybody sounds like Peppa Pig. What else you got on the agenda? Revolutionized education, building the future future Britain's investing where it matters. I always go put the money, man. For decades, Britain's has spent 14 billion pounds annually on foreign aid. So, he's gonna cut that, man. He's gonna fund the nation. No more foreign aid. No more foreign wars. It were really talking about, you know, restoring the British identity then foreign wars is kind of a, it's kind of a stable. That's what they do. You know, like historically foreign wars is their shit. No? I mean, there might be nothing more British than a foreign war. But I guess not another to take regime. All right, accountability and government. I like that. You know that over 30% of MPs failed to meet their basic attendance status. I don't know when none of this means I know what the MK is. BMP. I'm just gonna know. Zero tolerance on crap. What I really like about this is this tastes really. He's really in Brace Day. I make me an image of a British police officer in the middle of the street in London. See, it comes over with the exact thing. Yo, look what it comes up. So it came up with. That's pretty similar to this. That's what's up. I mean, A.I.S. the future. I'm fucking with A.I. too. So me and Tate on the same page. For those born here, we'll put 25,000 plain coes officers in London alone. By the defenders will face the fool fat. I'm down with that. Transparent and fear attack system. All right. New simplified tax code. You can understand in the 20 minutes. Know hidden pitfalls or penalties for getting rich. You know you want to change that tax code. I feel you brother. The one thing I would change is the tax code in United States. And I know he was the change because they say how much the date they find him 3 million. He got that. You know what change the tax code, man. Geez. We're storing masculinity in strength. The foundation of a thrive in nation has gone through that. Week men build weak nations. Britain's the client is rooted in the culture that's forgotten his value. Straight discipline of resilience. To restore the nation's greatness. We must rebuild its backbone strong into protect and lead boxing and wrestling schools. License arms security. It's strong or future for Britain. Laying the foundation in the independence and prosperity. National Bitcoin reserve. All right. No, so take wins. We buy a Bitcoin. New killer power for energy independence. All right. Stronger future for Britain laying the foundations independent prosperity. Creating the ministry of future revamp revoked in system for a policy. All right. Cool. Can women vote. He's going to let women vote. All right. That's cool. God. That acts. Neither of these policies and declarations of freedom. A future where Britain stands strong independent and is unshacoable. All right. No law. Grab the mercy of external forces. This is the foundation of a new era in our nation. This vision. A Britain that's proud. Strong. An unyielding. A Britain that defends his borders protects his people and celebrates his code. I haven't read anything about your internet about taking India back. But you know, obviously, I'm going to hit him up. I'm a text. I'm going to see if he needs me to be on the in the administration somehow. All right. This is going to be the administration. It's going to be Justin Justin's going to be the secretary of white women. Justin walk. Certainly, Google is the part of the justice. Obviously, Tristan is going to be Secretary of State. If not vice president. You know, now I want to be vice president. I want to be in charge of all vices. They don't have that there. I like where this is going. All right. Call the action. Boom. The broad part. Messying up. Listen. You brits. You brits get you shit to get the sign up, man. I want all of the fucking brits to sign up for the ship. I join in line. Must in my support for the homey Andrew crime minister. So I need all my British people. I need central seat. Skeptop, pep a pig. Mr. Bean. Russell Brand. The nigga from Virgin Atlanta. He just elbow. We all got a united galvanizer around and say I need all my British niggas to do this shit, man. Austin Powers. James Bond. It would need Pierce Morgan. Harry Potter. Voldemort. We need all the mother to galvanize for the brother party. Christian Bell. Emma Watson. Orlando Bloom. Peppa Picks whole family need to be in that bitch. Bennings and bear. Gordon Ramsay. Pails kitchen. Simon from motherfucking American Idol. Crazy Spice. Was the black spice girl? David Beckham. Adele. All these motherfuckers. Menless get it. I Brandon Carter. Endors. Andrew tape. We're prime minister of Britain.

=== FILE: You Wont Believe Where I Ended Up Today [9_K_FAUW4EA].txt ===

We out, get your net up to one of the tight. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get the catch up, cause I'm a liar with me, no, you're paying it. If you know what I would have, what I'd have, welcome to another thing in the life starting this day at 7 a.m. I usually get up earlier than this, but it's the NBA playoffs. I'm black, so I gotta stay up and watch the NBA playoffs. Usually I'll wing up at 4.30 or 5.30. But I feel like that's not even bad ass, no more. But now as should all waking up at 3.30. I see what's watching talking about, he wakes up at 2.30. Next year, cause they ain't even gonna be sleeping. All right, so I got a busy day today. I'm gonna be doing my two favorite things, making money, spending time with my friends and family. First thing I'm gonna do today is these two injections. This is testosterone. You gotta know, I've been on testosterone, placement therapy, and we have testosterone. Is up. Head tired, I'm taking now. It's supposed to help me burn a bad and build muscle. We'll see, it's only the first we got this day. All right, so this is how much testosterone I inject twice a week. Here's the testosterone, how much this is every morning. I now about the head to the gym, work out with the homey Austin Dunn. I'm gonna have seen him from the internet. We first started his fitness business. The dude who was running, the show behind the scenes, the name of Gail. As a dude who I mentor, then used to work for me. We were all set first long since I was on my training team. He was running some ads and Gail called me panic in because he was on the getting commission. And Austin, they know I was actually running the ads behind the scenes. And that was back when he was in college. Now he's doing a really good man. We still could salt with them. We still help him out. And I was just super proud. We got the link up with him, you know, work out in. Get some updates. He just moved to Miami. So that's interesting too. You know, met up with the homey man, Austin. Yo, let's have guys. You just moved in my hand, right? I did finally, long time coming. Yeah. I don't know what took me so long, but I finally did it. Using Orlando Orlando. Orlando. Yeah. What's the difference between Orlando and my engine? So Orlando's the biggest sea I've ever lived in in my life. So at the time, it called like a tier one city. But so far, the biggest difference is the diversity of people. Orlando has a bit of a more suburb sort of life. Burses Miami's a lot of city. I told myself, right now, I'm still going to use to it. Like just driving and having to pay the park everywhere. There. Drivers here are crazy too. I mean, that's a huge difference. Assault I'm doing is wacky shit. I was like, you know, fucking this bro. Look, look. It's this scapular pull-up. It's the warm-up of before we do what we're about to do. So, so you can see. So you can see. You're all right. Okay. I'm all the scap, the muscles. There you go, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Do about 10. 4. So, use that out of my chain, though, but I didn't bring it with me. So, we're going to sort of just put the weight between our legs and try to do way to pull this that way. I ain't for a higher F-sistime. They hang when you well obey. They're stepping the blouses. I'm hanging the my hand. They're the glissing. They're feeling like I'm floating. I'm lost in the moment. I swackered 11. So, we're going to do a brand-news favorite. This is when I actually learned from him back in 2017. I had to set him straight. They hang when you well obey. I just got back from that workout with Austin. I met Austin back when he was in college. Right? Now he's up in the millionaire in his 20s. And the thing that really helped him do is that was build in his social media around all my fitness. Real estate built it up as YouTube and his Instagram at the time, TikTok didn't exist. And it helped make him a millionaire. It made me a multi-millionaire. And the thing is now, it's easier than ever to actually build a following as a whole lot of fitness and I know people think it's over-satch-rated or as to many people do it. But now it's easier now because more people are into it. The market is bigger now than it was back then. So now I'm about to eat breakfast. My girl, my novice who compared his breakfast from me. Six eggs. I have six bacons. Blueberries. You can eat berries on keto. I drink coax here. I know glad y'all won't put this in the scared of artificial sweetener. Artificial sweetener may be bad for you. But not for me. So I'm going to throw everything down. So wait, the syphilms out of the macros. So eat trisha to breakfast. So not everybody knows this about me. But I've been trading every morning for the last five years. I'm trading Nasdaq futures. And today I made $11,000. I'm trading with a prop firm. And I have a bunch of fun-did accounts. And each one, profit it about $5,600. You add that up. Times 20. It's about 11 grand. The CDs are 150k accounts. And each one is up over about 10 grand. $200,000. Over the last few months. Propeted about $2,000. They won't pay me. They won't let me take it all out of the wants. But they did send me money. I'm showing normal color of the account numbers for security reasons. But you can see the other day. I request it. This much for each account. And one of them got denied for some reason. But all the other ones got approved. So you gave me $50k. I'm trading with their money. I'm not even trading with my money. When I first started, I had to trade my money. It was more. Maybe more than I was kind of trading pussy. But now I'm trading with their money. I'm just throwing it around. Maybe give it. But I've gotten pretty good at it. If you want to learn how to do this, you're doing a lot of things. Well, I'll show you exactly how to trade futures. How to get a fun-did account. You can do it using your own money. This is perfect for people who don't have a lot of cash. When I was trading with my own money, I had to have like $100k in think or swim to make it happen. But now I'm using their money and I got my money. You do another stuff. You want to learn all about this. I'm doing a free training on it. Click the link in the description. Now I'm about to do this thing where I work with my students in HTT. I take a trainer where I teach them how to go to their own life in his businesses. And I have a live call with them every week. I start to call as all the same. How much money you make this week? You'll see, man. It's always amazing. It's my favorite part of week. Right now we're at a nice shape. I'm probably going to hit like 50k this much. So right now we're at 9. Probably going to get 15 this month or thing? I'm going to hit 50k. You're going to. All right. Yeah, yeah. Because we still got a lot of muffler. We're going to make your congratulations, man. Let's give my mid-Jocelyn around for applause. 9,536 dollars in the last seven days. In the last seven days. Shout out to you. And the Jeremy round of applause, man. ACT alumnus. 30% 50. Last Friday. 3,250, the last five days. No, no, let's go. 50,750 last week, last seven days. We're sitting at 12,000 for the month. So we need to get to 15. Come on, man. There's a lot of mufflers. Let's give Adam a round of applause. Let's go. Last week was a pretty good eight thousand to $100. Last week. Last week. It's $1,200. Yeah, pretty good week. We got $3,500 for the week. And right now we are sitting just over in 19k. My goal is to get to 25. Come on, man. Let's get Chris around them. Let's go. Alright, so what's happening now is I'm about to go and shoot two podcasts at this podcast studio. I never been here before. And I don't even know the people I'm doing in a viewway. Alright, so I got to the podcast studio. Talk to the home Abraham. You. I said, you know what's purple leaf is that he said it was 50. And that's what I wanted. That's what I like the shoot on. You know, because it makes you look different. It should make you look different. I've known the leaders that make you look the most authentic to use. Gonna be anywhere between 35 to 50. But 50's just what makes everything look aesthetic. Yeah. It's saying make you look good. I think that's what that's a good quote to for you. More fuck is me. When I found out where this podcast is getting shot at, they sent me the address. I looked at it and it said this. And that's not what was to trap. You know what I'm saying? I thought this was like a hood. You know, so like I got two different guns on me. You know, some more fuck is brain extra magazines. How does brain extra pistols? Here comes the anger. It's how to reload. I just grab you. I just dig. I just pull another gun off my waist. But it actually ain't bad here. It just, I think this is a old photograph. It all look like there's no more. But I can't leave. I came by black John, wake up in this bitch man. Jamal, wait. It's not crazy. I'm gonna take a box. You gon' play me. When he in the tax box I get paid with a bag. So what's happening now is we're gonna do a apartment hunt. You know, the condo might be going out of it. You know. So now we got to, we got to look at some bigger places. Now we can't downgrade. We got here, prime and elevator. Four balconies, five bedrooms, three bedrooms. I can't be at her downgrade. She's sick. Six bedroom. Six bedroom. We got sick, baby. Right around balcony. What are you guys looking for? That's what we're looking for. Oh, that's what you're looking for. I was saying, when we already had, we gotta go up to that. So now she's looking for six bedrooms. She's up. Video guy Nima is filming it, but he's also driving up there. All right, so we just checked out the first place. We don't, this building is real fancy. We're fancy in our building, but our unit is better. It's not up great. And check out another place that may be more our style here. There was something weird about this building. Nobody who's working here, none of the residents, no one smile. The old time I didn't see one smile in there. Everybody's acting weird. Like to begin in a horror movie, and they go to a town and everybody's acting strange. That's what it felt like in the air, man. I ain't like in it all. It's just the vibes we're all. Three years, I've never been in a pool in my building. I can swim really good too. I know you don't think I can, because I'm black, but I can swim. I like the pool. I like this place a lot that Jim was kind of, I like the unit a lot. Again, even though it's still smaller than our unit, we have more balconies. That's my man, black man. Number one real estate agent in Miami, man. What's the Instagram again? The dot-backslur.age. That's how I found him. His Instagram is really cool. Real estate content. I never seen no real estate content like that. It was amazing. The other time that we both got a lot of mutual friends. Yeah, yeah. I didn't make sure it wasn't a post-edator when I was a post or when I see the DME. Oh, yeah. That's a good thing. And I check up against really have cool friends. But sure, man. Thank you for showing us around, brother. Alright, so I'm back at the crib. What's about to happen now is I'm about to go live on YouTube where I do my podcast. I do it live. We get people advice and shit. It's pretty awesome. You should be tuning, victory top. A lot of people can't do it if podcast live. They've edited and shit. We just do it live. Yeah, they're gonna make a mistake. I know I'm gonna make some mistakes. I just don't give a fuck. Let me show you how to podcast, dude. You're right quick. Yo, first of all, I got a lot of shit here. First thing I got is a NEMA. You gotta have a NEMA in your podcast, dude. Yeah. Yo, what's going on with me? Yeah, it was good. It was good. Look at it. Look at it. It's set up. It's a like NASA. Yeah. Femalmuthis shitty is me. So we got the video suture. Or here. We got like to write now. We are using trick cameras. We can increase the 5, 6 based on the guest. We got the roadcaster for monitoring the audio. We got the SSD to record. We got this monitor for switching live between the camera. Make sure audio is great. Use a string guard for string on YouTube. And over here, we just monitor everything. Making sure the system goes perfectly and smoothly. This is how you switch all the cameras. Yes, this is how we switch between cameras. Make mute people using the roadcaster. And yeah, that's about it. And the way you got this mic to show. This is a good mic. This is a fantastic mic. This is really easy to use my but great quality. It's XLR cable. And that's how kind of a country is the mic to make sure the audio of the guest. You is always perfect. So we got a fantastic and high quality show. Yo, will you show mics? You know, you use road mics. I don't like road mics. You know, because people, you know, road, I has the podcast to probe. And every time I hear somebody speaking in it, it's like the high-end sound, harsh to me. Yeah, I used to be an ICU. I'm going to have a small studio on Queens. I don't know the other side. I know a lot about audio engineer. And I don't like the sound of those mics. But the shore mics. Like, that one. That's like a big version of this one. Yeah. And that one used to be my office and that one's for guests. Yeah. This is this mic right here. This is the SM7B. People don't notice me. You heard of my projection? I can't stop. Okay. I'm going to have a projection recorded the whole thriller album on one of these. You know, why? Because this mic, it brings out the bass. A little bit of it has like a... And the highs aren't harsh. Like the road mics, the high ends are harsh to treble. But this is like, it makes it your voice fuller and bassy are almost. And he needed that because he was the outowed. You had a real high voice. Oh. So, there we have these lights. Lights is the most important part. For sure. Rolex clock. And of course, cameras. You'll be only used Sony cameras. As if right now this is a GoPro. But we'll be moving a make it be you Sony. All right. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Yeah. Yeah. I got a bunch of shit over here. This is a computer I forgot I had. Oh, we got some on top replay. Obviously, he's sponsored a show with this real product. But real product really coming out easy to plot. It's pretty cute. That's the way I like this shit. He got this shit rotate in. That's dope. And we got these phone. So this makes the sound better. And then we got the. Carp. And we got the books. My girl put the books. Yeah. It's you put the books in color code. That makes it. That makes it easier to find. Because before I didn't have a little system. I just had my books in New York just any kind of way. It would be forever to find a book I'll look at for. All right. And now it's like somebody else may go maybe worse profit first. Or something first to blue. Boom. Got it. You know, shit. And then another balcony. This is where I have the night. That's a bike. I'd be out here doing my lies on this. So those are my their chilling reading. So those are bringing a guitar out here and start playing. You know, serenade. The people look good. People have this game Boulevard. Oh, so this computer. This is not a computer. It's a laptop. And this is so I can see what's going on. It's like, it mirrors yours. Yeah. It mirrors this one so you can be can message you. Yeah. The lia man. You can't be kind of so many comments. So I can't control this. I'm just seeing what's going on. It's something he can talk to me. He brings up a doc. With my girl in him. They have access to the doc's a shared doc. And they can say stuff to me. And I have my computer here. This is one of my computers. This is like my podcast computer and my travel computer. But I'm wanting to share something or talk about something. And then I'll hook my iPad up to this to start drawing. And then I'm drinking water, agwah. Keep a calculator here. My son Jamie, this is Iron Man, Lego. Because he knows I love Iron Man. But let's start the show. Let's start the show. Think about your drinker. What does she look like? What does she smell like? What does she do for a little? What's a personality like? Now imagine. Think that she's sitting around. Think her bank and herself. To a month of a talking shit. The stranger's on the internet. Do you think the desk or I deal with me? You think she got a poster at that month? What she was growing up. She had a she envisioned. Me and a month of like that. No, yeah, yeah. That's her up. The desk or rat man. Another podcast. I didn't get to any of the stuff that I had. Because it was so many questions. You know, sometimes I'm going to say answer the question about it. You'll be that kind of thing, man. What did you think of the pet? I think that was a fantastic episode. Even although you didn't get a chance to do that video, you prepared. But you still got the really cool real out of this. Yeah, you know what we do is just do the lot of podcasts. And I prep stuff on the safe. Talk about it. And then the name of the takes that. And then the thing they take is something from name. This team, Harry, and his team. They take that footage. And then they make the long form YouTube video. Sometimes sure that sort of podcast is like the new Gilles of our content engine. You know, it's a pretty cool system. But I'd everybody can do a podcast live and make it good.

=== FILE: Youll Fail at Every Goal Without This Strategy [WuQH7HXtTkE].txt ===

In this video, I'm going to bring down how to set all Dacia's goals and actually achieve them, how you can set down a game plan and really plan out your goals and plan out every step to make failure impossible. Right? If you follow these steps, it's going to be really difficult to fail that accomplishment in these goals. I made it idiot proof and I got a free template that you can download as them being in the description of how you can put this together for yourself. Right? I'm well suited to show you how to accomplish goals because I'm only going to accomplish goals. Over the last few years, I built several multi-eight figure businesses. While staying in gray shape, focusing on being a great father, having a great relationship with my girlfriend, my friends, my son, my niece, my nephews. People say you got a sacrifice, family, you got a sacrifice to help to get ahead. I didn't have a sacrifice in that of it. I still got super rich, wow, excellent and health and excellent in my relationships and it's because of this system. And this is the really the first time I'm breaking down the ultimate success system and how you can break it down for yourself. Now, there's very poor folks getting into it. When you have a goal, it's going to look like, let's say, this trophy I'm drawing is a visual representation of a goal. I know I'm going to make it an artist. It's just trying not to get too distracted by that. But in order to accomplish that goal, you need to take action. But you might be like really far from your goals. And if you just look at the goal, you might get sad because you're so far away from you might get discouraged. Right? But I'm going to show you how you can just focus on the actions and how you can break down your goal into actionable steps, focus on these actions and actually accomplish it. And I put together a template in notion that I'm going to get you for free to link in description or you can actually put this together for yourself. Now, check it out. I call this the Victory Vision planner and it's broken down into two steps. So they start off with the ambition planner. So you open it template. For this example, I put in some dummy data. Right? So for this person, his goal was he wants to make 100k revenue per month. Easy game. My watch calls more than twice as much as easy. I'm not a do-do-do. Right? YouTube, so he wants to get 100,000 YouTube subscribers out. Man, oops, I know a little some about YouTube subscription acquisition. Right? I have a more point too million YouTube subscribers. Right? He wants to get a new lab beginning. I don't have a car but it's only because I just got my driver's license. I lived in Upper West Side of Manhattan for 15 years. I just took Uwe everywhere. He just got it. My ambie driver's license. I have a car by any of you. Anyway, he wants to lose 10 pounds of fat. Oh, I've been a personal trainer for over 25 years and I did what it's right. So these are his four main goals that he wants to accomplish. And so what we did was we broke these goals down into steps. So, and then we put a deadline in each step. You're going to erase this for yourself and put in your own steps, but check this out. The first step, okay, he's got to analyze LTV. When I made this, I was assuming this person already had a business. Analyze LTV, which is lifetime value customer. You need to know that if you really want to scale your business. Analyze a cost of acquisition. Right? You need to know that if you want to really scale your business, right? Because that's kind of a whole game. Like time value, you've heard costs of acquisition. And set monthly revenue KPIs for growth. Right? The things we put a deadline for each step. This is very important. This is one of the most important parts. Most people when they said goals, they just say, oh, I said goals and they never make a detailed plan. They almost never make fucking dead last week's step. So now they're just wonder why years and years go by and they have been accomplished shit, right? Because you didn't plan it out sufficiently. I'm sure you gotta do it right now. Set up monthly performers reviews, develop up sale, cross sales strategies for a system product to service, bubble lots of stuff that this guy has to do to hit that goal. Then his other goal was he wanted to undercate YouTube scrubs. All right. So analyze three of your five competitors. We have dead last very step. It's very important. Choose niche for you. Did allow you to interest, boom, identify your target market, research, develop a keywords and we put a deadline for each one of these steps. Same people to Lamborghini, research and select model, establish post purchase, financial plan, bubble, research, dealership prices, pick finance and release and options are bubble, those 10 pounds. He's got a download my fitness value. He's not tracking you slack. Right? And he's a buy-a-food skill. You know, get gym membership, get a meal plan, get a workout plan. He's the things he has to do when I have a deadline for each one of them. But I was really like lay out your goals like this. The steps can seem a little bit overwhelming. It can be arduous. So that's why I had these other tabs in the template. Now you get you can download the template for free. This is into the scripture right now. And how it works is you click on this tab is this month. Oh, so now it's broken down into everything you have to do for each goal this month. So now it's like kind of like it's more digestible. But then we can even take it down. This week. Right? So we make the whole detail plan for each goal. And now we break it down for each week. And now you can see in order every step. And you can see what would the deadline and what goal is attached to. So make sense. You can see all your steps in one place or your whole life. This is going to be a game changer for you. I have a few 101 clients that I actually coach. And I started running them through this process. And I hit them up every day. You know, like, hey, man, you got this going on this week. What's the deadline for this? All the rooms up or two double their income. But the other guy they increased their income. They had never been to aggressive in this detail about the goals before. So anyway, we got all the steps for each goals that you have to do this week. Everything that's been to this week. And now let's say, oh, Bob, who's go? Okay, so we'll just do that today. 17th. You can just do that real quick. Go on Amazon. Now we move it to done. So this out we know what kind of progress we're making. Right? Did work out plan to some of these maybe he's researching now. That's in progress. Get a meal plan. That's in progress. Boom. Down on my fitness pack and do their right now. Boom. So now we just we see what's left this week. Tomorrow he's got to go get a gym membership. And that's the first the the S. A. Do for a sped law scope. By the end of the week, man, he has a customer acquisition calls figured out and his lifetime value calls. Then he's got to do things for his YouTube page. He's got to do things for his Lamborghini. It's all mapped out. And what the beauty is when you're going to do what each one of these has in your calendar. Like when you're going to do one, that's where it gets crazy. You take each test. As the man how long is going to take in you accomplish it. Like that time off in your calendar. Then it's hard to lose when you do this. Now you see we got the progress going. Right? And if we click on the bar, this is progress. Boom. This is all the tasks for all the goals. But you can see how much progress has been made in each one of them. Does that make sense? And then you can go back to the regular board with the where the goals are laid out in columns. And you can just look at each thing and where you're at on each part of it. And it's really cool for my the one on one class. I have because I can just go look at their goals. I can see where it will real are. Man, what was stuff for me was behind was do. And then I can see what they have to do this week. I was like, hey man, you got to get that gym membership tomorrow. And then tomorrow, I could hit this guy. I mean, like, I mean, we got that gym membership of what was good. Was going on. Right? I keep up my clients accountable. Right? But we make the plan together. But you're going to have to do it yourself. But this school, this is going to be a game changer for you. And what you start doing that, you're going to accomplish more in the next 90 days than you have your whole life. What's he really do this? Right? Now let's say something's to all we, he doesn't have enough data. That's cool. We get to change the date on this. I get his guy a few more days. But now it's not on this week. No more, but it's still on this month. So it's something that doesn't get done. We just change the date. That's cool. It happens. And it is cool. It's still on this month. So we never lose the task. We just move to do that. That's fine. It happens. I hope this is making sense. I hope you guys are all getting this. Now these are mostly the one time task. You're also going to have daily things you have to do. And that's where the success track comes through. I know check this out. Actually, one of my one of one clients I took his data. We have the date and we have the day. And, you know, he had this one goal. And we were measuring how many hours he worked on this one goal each day. And we could actually add different columns or different metrics or different things you're tracking here. But that's just what we have for him. He needed to work on his goal for for us that you can delete this if you want. Or even add more stuff. I track all types of stuff. But you can do whatever. We're certain. Well, here's where it gets cool. We tracked his income every day. So every day I told him how much money you make. Like personal income. Like gross. We tracked that every day. Now this guy wanted to lose 10 pounds. Right. And one month to lose weight. You got a Burmour calorie video consumed. So I mean, he's going to have to work out. And you got to sleep right to. So we tracked how many hours he slept every night. And I put this little graph here because the goal was eight hours a night. And he got it most of the time that we have it told his average is 7.2 and that that calculator automatically for you. We put did he work out in that? Was he working out? Cool. And now he worked out 86% of the time. And that's cool. If you're like taking the rest day every once in a while, that's fine. That's a good number. But here's where he gets crazy. We tracked all this macros. You know, he's tracking him off in this value. We tracked his macros every day. And we got the averages. But we also tracked the calories he consumed each day. And then we got the deficit. And it is average. Right. So here's the thing. To burn a pound of fat, you have to burn 3500 calories. It's really just math. So he burned way more calories than that. He tracked how many calories he consumed when my fitness value tracked how many calories he burned. This guy had to Apple watch and Apple watch has that functionality. Right. It was cool. Is we tracked everything. And then he put his weight in here every day. Right. We can see it all. Boom. We see his average weight. Here's where he's cool. I said these graphs up. So this is his income. Right. So we can see that every day we saw that the stuff that we were doing, the game plan was actually working. You guys have this template too. It's going to work for you as well. So we set this graph up. And we can see that man, this is working. We can see progress. Me is ups and downs. But it's higher lows and higher highs. The graph is moving up. And this is this is dynamic. So exactly if I change this to eight. Let's say I put this eight and eight thousand. The graph updates. Right. It's dynamic. And the same thing with the weight. I set up this weight graph for him. He let's say, yeah, he would 500 pounds. Jesus, he got big. Right. It's dynamic. So we can see we can just we visualize the data and just got lost 10 pounds. This is showing the results. These are the leading indicators and these are the lagging indicators. The results. That's how goals kind of work. You have the result of your goal was called a lagging indicator. A lagging indicator really just shows what happened. However, the actions you take are leading indicators. Right. These are leading indicators. We could have looked at this chart and saw that this guy was in the colored deficit every day. We just looked at the leading indicators. We can safely assume that this guy's going to lose weight. Right. And then we can look here and see what happened. This guy's working on his income goal for four hours a day. Right. Half the fucking work day. We can safely assume that he's probably going to make more money. So that's the leading indicator in me here and here are the lagging indicators. Actually, what happened? I believe it's more important to find out what the leading indicators are and focus on them almost exclusively. And you don't even have to look at the lagging indicators. You look at them right to make an assessment. The leading indicators are on point. It should be all good. That's what this success tracking does. We track the leading indicators. Right. But we also, over here, we track. These are more like the one time task. It's got to be mapped out. It's got to have a deadline for every step. And it's really cool when you can break it down by week by month. So it's more digestible. Then you can put all of this in your calendar and plan out how long it's going to take me to analyze the competition for my YouTube page. Right. Boom. You estimate how long that's going to take. Put that in your calendar. Right. You could put all these in your calendar. You can do it for a whole month. Or if you want to own more bite size, look at it, do it for the week. And if you don't get it done, then we change it. And it's hard to fail when you've got a game plan like this. And this is why I want to give you that template for free. The link is in the description. And if you guys want to help putting this together, you don't need to do it all by yourself. But in the template, there is a link where you can book one or one call and mean, but it's going to cost money because I'm like rich. Right. But I like help when you guys. And I want you know, you're the succeed. But you know, you could just take the template. The template is free. You may not know how to put all this stuff together. And you know, that link is only going to be active for a little bit of time. You know, I don't know how long I'm going to do that. But I like to help some of you guys out. I think it'll be, it'll be a cool little thing. But you could just do this on your own. Right. You want to get this and you've got to delete the dummy data. Right. This is all dummy data. You just delete it. And you actually change this set your own goal. Boom. And then you make your own plan. You put each step of your goal in here and put it in the side of deadline to it in each column. And you can make more columns as well. Right. If you want to make more columns, just click here and make more columns. And same thing with your success tracker, it does other things you want to track. You can put them in here. My tracking sheet is like super extensive. So here's one of my that I have for January last year. I tracking a whole bunch of stuff my sleep. You know, my protein intake calories consume calories burn. If I posted a usual video and with some of my practice gets all our practice band is how many times I study hours. I work. You so you can you can actually edit the template and make it as extensive or as basic as you like. So this template, you can you can change whatever this is and something else you want to track. You can add more stuff. It's super cool. I just wouldn't fuck with the income or the weight because that's attached to these graphs. I have it set up for you already. All you got to do is delete the dummy data and you might have to change them up. Right. But the graph is there and it's for you. I'm super excited for you guys to tell me what kind of success you got with this man down low to template. It's all free. Just leave your description. Go ahead and get that man. Bye.

=== FILE: Youre Not Charging Enough (Online Trainers Need to Hear This) [CBU12xx8iI4].txt ===

In this video, I'm gonna break down how you should price your services as an online fitness trainer. I made my first mailing as an online trainer. I was one of the first people to do online training back in 2009, 2010. All of us who were doing online training around that time, we were the pioneers. We had to invent it. There was no one on YouTube teaching it. That's why I'm making some of these videos to help you guys do it. And over the last few years, I've helped over 15,000 people start successful online fitness businesses. And we've learned a lot. And here is the best price in structure we have found after training 15,000 students. Me making millions and my students making tons of money as well. Here's the thing. First of all, if you're first starting, a good goal to have is $10,000 a month. Most people can quit their jobs in the office or in the gym. And they can do this full time on 10k a month. I remember that was a milestone. I was really eager to hit initially. $10,000 a month. Now here's the thing. A lot of times people will want to sell courses. The average course is about $50. There's some people who charge more, some people who charge less, but about $50. How many courses would you have to sell a month to make $10,000? You have to sell 200. That's a daunting task. 200 courses. Okay. All right. Maybe some people want to sell ebooks. Maybe I'll just sell my ebook. Or if you sell ebooks, the average ebook is $10. There's a problem people know is less, but the average shit, man. You have to sell 1,000 ebooks to make $10,000. So most of y'all have never sold 200 of anything online. Let alone 2,000 of anything online. It's going to be difficult unless you have millions of followers or hundreds of thousands of followers. It's going to be difficult to accomplish that. However, online training, we have a different pricing structure. This is why we don't want to sell courses. We don't want to sell ebooks. We want online training. There's a few different pricing structures. So if you're selling online training, 16 weeks online training, you want to sell for $9.97. All right, let's call it $1,000. It's just simple math. This is the lowest you should sell it for. Are you going to sell it for more? No lower than this. 16 weeks, $1,000. Or you could sell monthly at easy math, $300 a month. Or weekly to sell that $80 a week. Here's why this is so powerful. Because online training, this is recurring. People can quit anytime. However, we teach us to do this. How do you get retained? People from multiple 16 weeks. All of this is recurring. Of course they can cancel, but this is recurring. It's hard to do a recurring course. I guess as a fucking trainer, you're not going to have a fucking school course. The people are going to bet you fucking $50 a month. It's more difficult than this. But online training, boom, we only need fucking 10 clients. 10 clients a month. Right? And then they're recurring. But as of the fourth month, you'll have 10,000 every month. Because the new people were reoccurred. So now we just needed what's that 40 clients. That's way easier than 200 or 1,000. With the courses in ebooks, because it's not going to agree occurring, you got to sell the 200 new people every month. Or if you're doing ebooks, 1,000 new people every month. This is recurring. This is a better business model. Every time you make a sale, we're online training. You give yourself a raise. Here you just make a sale. Now you may be thinking, who's going to pay this much? But more you buy upfront, the cheaper it gets per week. So this is actually the most expensive one. We can leave for $80. You may be thinking, who's going to pay $80 a week for online training? People are doing it all the time. And the beauty of it is it's actually cheaper than in the gym. What's going to get people to most results? Is it going to be working out or is going to be died? Die. You can't out train a bad diet, but you can't out die a bad training. And I remember when I was a trainer in the gym, I would just think, man, how are going to people are going to shape? I give them the diet plan, but I can make sure they follow it. So here's what we're going to do. You're going to make them a custom workout plan and a custom diet plan. They're going to do it all everything on their own. You're not going to be doing Zoom workout with these motherfuckers. Right. I've been the gym in my building and I'll see some guy working out with this trainer on face hours of shit. I'm just glad what are you guys doing. He's going to do this shit on his own. He's going to be on a log. I teach my students have to set it up in the app, but you can set up something real simple with just Google Docs. Make it spreadsheet. Is your workout log your workout every day and log your diet every day? If you want to keep it super simple, just have them track. Just give them the macros and tell them to send you a fucking screenshot of my fitness pat out of you. But I prefer you either use a spreadsheet or you can use one of the apps like trainer riser and online training app. When I first started, I was using spreadsheets like Google Docs. And that shit works. The reason this is better because the impression is not going to make sure they're following the diet every day. They're not going to be doing it. Right. What you're going to do is you're going to be able to see in real time. You can see every day if they're following the diet. And the reason that's so powerful is because when I was the in person trainer, I might see these motherfuckers three times a week. I see my Friday. They got the whole weekend to fuck up their diet. And they did. And then they wouldn't get the results as fast. But I started doing this when I was the in person trainer from my client's alone. He's a spreadsheet. I want you to track your diet. It started getting amazing, shape, super fast. I've been the only in person trainer I've ever seen do that in 25 years in the fitness industry. I started doing that all online. They got better results. I was getting better results from my online clients and most trainers were getting for the in person client. This is cheap. This is a better service. One online training is a better service than in person training. What you're going to do is you're going to have them track their diet and they're workout every day. And then you're going to hit them up every day. I want you to hit up your clients. Looking see if they track their macros and they're track their workout. If they did, if they followed the plan, then you say, you'll congratulate sma good job. Let's keep that momentum up for the next day. They didn't hit their numbers or they didn't track. You say, hey asshole, the fuck is the matter with you? Maybe you can be nicer than that. I'm going to scream in the air and throw a tantrum. You might have a different methodology. Yes fine. You could just be like, hey man, what happened yesterday? I can't get you back on track. That may be more your style. I fire clients because they couldn't do that shit. I didn't lose clients. Client's lost me. No in person training is going to do that. What's going to happen is, when you get into that positive reinforcement, they'll want to do it again. And when you get that negative reinforcement, like fuck, I got to stay on point. My trainer can actually see what I'm eating every day. You can see if I'm doing it or not. Everybody performs better or someone's keeping them accountable. They're finally being held accountable to somebody. And I get an effort into my in person training. The input training is to see these motherfuckers three four times a week. There's a hundred and sixty eight hours in every week. That means these motherfuckers got, are going to have about a hundred and sixty four hours where they can be fucking up their shit. But you are going to talk to your clients every day. It's a better service. That's worth way more than $80. The national average for in person training is about $100 an hour. If they got to see them motherfuck you three times a week, that's $300 a week. For in-fairing service, we're going to give them a chance. Custom die plan. They're going to do it on their own. Custom work out plan. They're going to do it on their own. We're going to keep them accountable. And that buying the diet and the workouts. Yeah, they're going to get that. The main thing we're selling is online training is accountability. If they have any questions you answer any questions they have, you'll be available. That's the main thing. And this price and structure works. If you have 25 clients paying you $80 a week. And if you keep an average of 25 clients a year, that's 52 weeks. You'll lose some of your gains more. Just keep an average for a year. That's $104,000 per year. That's big one. I mean, most people can quit their job. Most people would be happy with that. The average income in America is like $60,000. That's almost double that. The average income would only 25 clients. If you want to learn more about this and how to structure this and how to actually get the clients, how to make the sales, how to train them, how to make sure that they get great results too. How do you grow your father and how to market yourself? I have a free ebook that breaks all that down. It's got the 10 Commandments of Online Training. It's 100% free. All you got to do is click the link in the description and we'll really break that down for you. And really walk you down that path of how to become successful on my training. Click that link right now. Thank you.

=== FILE: [Free Course] Start Making Money Today with Selling Options [UL8KzKS3H1M].txt ===

This is how you can really get some money with the stock market. It's like borderline easy. We ain't gonna sell you no course on it. This should just free. This strategy revolves around selling options as opposed to buying options. So most people are trading options. They're buying, right? Which is a higher risk strategy. Selling options is a low risk strategy that make you some more fucking bread. And the wheel strategy, but man, break it down for them. It's super passive. It may take a little bit of an adjustment. If you're just starting out in the stock market, which is bear with me, take notes. And this is really, really cool. And again, not of this is financial advice. I'm not gonna tell you to buy any of these stocks. This is just for educational purposes only. Amen. You might be asking yourself, hey, why should I listen to this geek? Well, you might wanna listen to me because I'm a professional chartered market technician. I've been trading and investing for eight years. Now, so I'm a certified options trader. I've certified by TD Ameritrade. Looks like it's like 2019. So I do know options. I am a huge geek when it comes to them. Okay, so what is the wheel strategy? Write this down. It's an options income strategy. So it's not a growth strategy. It's not a day trading strategy. And I understand the options are extremely risky, especially if you don't know what you're doing. That's why we're here to educate you. We're selling a put or we're selling a call. Again, we're selling options. We're not buying them. And you can only sell puts or sell calls or you can buy calls and buy puts. We're talking about selling them though. This requires the capital or cash to buy a hundred shares. Double underlying that because if you don't have the cash to buy a hundred shares of a certain stock, you can't do the strategy. It's tougher to do a much higher priced stocks. So think of like Chipotle back when it was $3,000 a share. Unless you've got 300 grand, you can't do the wheel on Chipotle stock. But you could do it on a less expensive stock. And that's what we're going to show you. Yeah, yeah. And I can show some live examples too as we go to the top. So why should we use the wheel strategy? Well, it's actually lower risk compared to other strategies like buying options. When you're buying options, there's a very high probability that you're going to lose money. However, when you're right, you're going to get paid really, really well. So this is kind of like the opposite. You're going to get that steady income, but you're not really going to get too many big wins from this. And shorting stocks, you technically have infinite risk because if you bet against a stock, you lose money if that stock fists upward. Okay? So when you're shorting a stock, you want the stock to drop, but you can lose infinite amounts of money when it goes higher. This isn't a risk strategy like that. We have predefined entry points and predefined exit points super cool. So you know exactly what you're getting into ahead of time. It makes the risk clear, it makes the reward clear every single time. The cash that we collect from selling the option is guaranteed. That's right. This is guaranteed if you hold the trade until expiration. Guaranteed. Yeah. Guaranteed. It's the only thing that's guaranteed in the stock market. The cash collected from selling an option if you hold the tell expiration. This generates consistent income every week, every month. Some stocks you can actually even sell by weekly options or even daily options like spy S&P 500. That's super cool. What's cool about the wheel is that the wheel can outperform a lot if the market stays sideways. So think you'll really do well if the stock market just goes dead sideways. You collect cash on the bottom side and you can collect cash on the top side. You don't really want the market to go straight up or straight down because otherwise another strategy might be better. Cool. Step one, write this down. Sell a cash to the kid put. Look at this guy. He's happy. Sell a cash to the kid. Yeah, he is. You need a cash in your account. You're trading account to be able to buy 100 shares of the stock at whatever price that we sell the put at. We call that the strike price. You're obligated. You're on the hook to buy the stock at the strike price of the put. Okay, you have to do it. You're committed to buying the stock. So you don't want to do this on a stock that you don't want to own. You've got to be cool with owning this stock because you're forced to buy the stock of that price. You get paid a premium cash money. This is your guaranteed profit for making that commitment. That's the key to premium. That was guaranteed. You're going to get the premium immediately. Immediately go straight into your account. But your buying power will be held aside to be able to buy 100 shares. And then what happens after that? So if the cash is collected right up front, you wait until expiration. So options have an expiration date. That's why they're a little bit trickier in nature. It's kind of like 40 trading. It's pretty intense because it's how the stock goes up, how the stock goes down. And then also the time factored for the stock. So you wait until expiration to find out if you have to buy the stock or not. This helps you get paid to buy your stock and it lowers your entry price. So just think, make that commitment. You get paid to buy your stock. You get a lower average cost or lower entry price when it buy low sell high. Example number one, selling a put on ABR stock. Let's say you want to own 100 shares of stock ABR. We've been wheewing this stock for a long period of time. You want to sell a put, add a below the market price, ideally below market price. This is what gets you a good deal and gets you that cash money. This is past that x-married. But let's say I want to buy the stock at 14. Okay, if I limit point two credits open, that means I get a guaranteed $20 bill. Get a Jefferson. I'm putting up $1,400. So that's what your commitment to commit to buy 100 shares of ABR stock at $14 a share by the end of the day. Because of that commitment, I get that guaranteed $20 bill. Only one of two things can happen. Once you've sold that put, you entered the trade. That's it. Add expiration. The stock's going to be above 14 or it's going to be beneath 14. If it's above 14, guess what? You get your all of your cash back plus that guaranteed $20 bill. If stock is beneath 14, guess what? The broker will automatically buy 100 shares of ABR for you at $14 and you still get to keep that $20 bill. So that's the cool thing about it. The $20 is guaranteed, but at expiration, you have to buy the stock if it's beneath your strike price of your put. It's a win win. If it's above your strike price, they give you your money back and you keep to premium. Yep, you get your all of your cash back $1400 plus that $20 bill. You get $1420. Right. Your broker, your account. And if let's say ABR stock closes underneath 14, this is just like the risk is if you were to buy the stock. You would be down on your shares, but you still get to keep that $20. So your average cost is really $13.80. That's what we call our break even. Let me show them a little. I'm just showing what that looks like in robin' the, I don't own any of this, right? So it's just, it's just, we just on here, right? So, but if I wanted to sell a put in here, so what do I do? I go to trade options on ABR. So you want to buy ABR, switch your stock. Right. So we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna sell a put. We need to pick an expiration date. This is when to put expires. I like to do mine a week out. For me, when I'm selling options, I'm gonna make 1% a week. You do that, you do, you make 1% a week for weeks in a row, mass a month. You made 4% for the month. But it compounds week to week, right? Now, that's how you can beat the mark, actually beat the mark with the shit cause the actual SMP is average as 10% a year. So anyway, so I'll pick a week out, boom 10 days. I'm just as a share price. It's how much it costs right now, 1550, right? Boom. All right, so if I go here, I pick the strike price underneath, this is my strike price underneath, so check this out. Basically I'm saying, if I sell this put, what happens is it's gonna cost me 1500, yeah, 1550, right? And this account, right? And I'm gonna get 25 dollars immediately, right? So this is what's called the premium. So basically, I'm gonna get this immediately, this 25 dollars, which is more than 1% of 1500. So I'll be making more than 1%. Now here's the thing, you see this. If it's at 15.5, eight days from now, and this is date, then what's gonna happen is, if this is a lower, then Rob Hood is gonna hold this money, they're gonna give me $25 for that, right? And if it hits this or lower, then they're going to, it's gonna hold it in the side. Rob Hood is gonna take this, and I'm gonna own 100 shares of this shot, because one option is contract is 100 shares. Just remember that. That's why you only do this on a stock that you would mine own. All right, that's it, so let's say I'm on fucking with ABR, like that's my shit. So like if I had this, that means I just buy it for cheaper, I buy it for cheaper than it is now. It has a beauty. If it closes above the strike price, eight days from now, then Rob Hood gives me this money back, but I still kept $25. So what that means is like I can't lose. One of two things will happen. I'm either buy the stock, I want it for cheaper, and I get that, that 1% premium, or I get my money back, but I still keep the 1% premium. This is why it, I rarely just buy a stock, I want to own long term. I'll always sell options. I always sell puts to get into it because I can get it for cheaper than it is right now, and I get paid to buy it. The way that you will probably learn best is actually by doing it. When you, you'll learn really, really quickly. You get some cheap, you know, like a cheaper stock than that, right? Yeah, you could do it with like a stock like so far. It's only like $6.50. Yeah, there's no money. It's like under $10, all right, something like that. Yeah, yeah, really any stock, like under $50, that just means you just need less than five grand to do one of the cash-to-care cuts. That's really, really the start. And I like to get 1% every week, right? If we don't get a sign, we just get our money back, and we keep the premium. So we do the same thing again next week. That's not the wheel. You just keep selling puts until you get a sign. That's what you do part two. Go show them part two. It's amazing. It's amazing. So like Brandon said, you're either gonna get your cash back or you're gonna own the stock. They're gonna have a ton of cash here account. It'll happen on Saturday because expiration dates are usually Friday. So your broker will have all your cash in your account on Saturday. Or you'll own the stock a hundred shares of it on Saturday. What's the purpose to I just wanna know is that this is scalable. So like while I may only sell like two cash-to-care puts on a stock, Brandon or Romus might do like 10 or 20. And that's where the real dough starts to come in. Yeah, yeah. And you might get a sign too. You're gonna get a sign eventually, right? And that's okay, especially if you don't mind on a stock like sometimes I'm just selling puts on stocks I want. It's not even the will. I want it the only way. And we're just talking about the bottom side of the wheel right now. So let's assume that we got a sign. Okay, we've got a hundred shares of stock. You got a sign. Now what? This is an example of a cash-to-care put by the way. I did this on Tesla, T.S.L. This is exactly what an optimist alert looks like. Self-computer. The eight-put collecting $15 per cent of my portfolio. Boom. Tesla, obviously, is rallied very hard. Really, really nice trade right there. Now we've got a sign though. Let's pretend that we've got a hundred shares of stock. And I actually have a hundred shares of ABR. So I can show this on my thinker swim. Okay. Right over here. So this is a daily chart of ABR stock, a real estate investment trust, pays a nice good dividend. I like the stock. Rob is like stock. I own a hundred shares of this stock. And it's doing very, very well. I sell cover calls each and every week. Just one cover call. It's just a small part of my portfolio. If you go over to the option chain, you can sell a cover call now. So now I own the stock. Now we're gonna come back to ABR. And I'm gonna go back to the presentation. So this is selling a covered call, the top side of the wheel. Hundred shares of the ABR from selling the cash secured put we own it now. We want to sell a call option at or above your average cost. What does that look like? Well in this example, I sold the 1550 strike covered call. I only collected seven cents for this. So I got paid $7, basically to agree to sell my shares now. So now we're getting paid to exit our stock. For getting paid to enter our stock. Now we're getting paid to exit our stock and take profits. Yeah. Really, really cool because again, this reduces the risk of owning stocks. You know, you're collecting cash money as the stock on a sideways. We'll talk about the downsides and the quote unquote risks with this as well. Okay. Again, this is guaranteed cash outcomes. The stock is either gonna close at or above that strike price. You keep the cash no matter what. But if it's above the strike price of the call, you get what's called called away or assigned away. It's another win, win. You either you get the guaranteed cash and you're either gonna get out of the stock or you're gonna keep the stock and you can wheel it again. You can sell another cover call the next week. Here's an example of this stock called ASC. So I bought 100 shares of this. Boom. That's up 6% that's up $85. Well, what I did was I also sold the 15 strike cover call. This is what it looks like. Short minus one. Okay. Probably this trades up $95. There's an example of the daily chart and the stock is a lot higher right now. The stock goes sideways to slightly higher. That's perfect for the wheel strategy. So you don't wanna do the wheel on a stock that might be tanking. As time passes, notice the stock actually dropped a little bit. It's I'm now only up 5% on this. But since time passed, the theta decay shipped away at the call and look, I'm up even more money. So like $95, stock drops a little bit but time passed. I'm still up. So that's what's super cool about it. It's called being positive theta. When you're buying an option, you're negative theta. You're just losing money to the option seller. Oh, let me bring that down a little bit more. Like the selling option part. So let's say you get a sign. This is stock on Simon property. That really stay reed in it's mostly malls, right? So I think like Lennox mall in Atlanta, fashion show mall in Vegas, like the big, the really nice malls, like where the luxury items are, where any, any more they got a Louis Vuitton or Rolex or Gucci or some shit. It's probably a Simon property group mall. All right, anyway, so I own 500 shares it is. You can see I'm up 126% on this stock right here. You know what I'm saying? I own 500 shares, right? So because my average, my average call is 60, 65 dollars is on what you up, right? So what I do is I can trade options, boom, selling a call. What here's what the share price is, boom. And anything above the share price, let's say boom for 100 shares that it should. Instead of using money as collateral, like we did when we sell them to help to cash your put. Now I'm putting up 100 shares as collateral. They're gonna give me $20. Oh, they're gonna give me $20. To put up my share as collateral. Now one of the two things are gonna have. The expiration date is a week out, this is strike price. A week from now, eight days from now. If it closes below my strike price, then I keep my stock and I keep the premium they gave me. If it closes above this, then I keep the premium still. But then that means I have to sell the stock at that price. Now it doesn't matter because I'm up like fucking 150% on this stock. I got paid to sell the stock for profit. And that's the wheel strategy. You get paid to enter with a cash secure put. Then you get paid to sell with a cover call. I hope that makes sense, right? So I've been doing that with this for years. Truthfully, for this one, I don't really want to get a stock. So I'll probably pick a higher strike price. You get less money. You'll start getting a profit. And then you have to sell cover calls if you don't want to. You can take it over stock. You can just hold the stock. Sometimes some weeks, I don't know if I want to get a sign. But sometimes you get a sign too. Right. I was doing this shit with Apple for a long time. And I got a sign. And I had to sell Apple. But I sold it for more than I bought it for. So I got paid to sell it. So it was a win. I remember also you did that with Nvidia, which is a monster win. Yeah, it just went up so fast that I got a sign on the way out. But I still made a lot of money. Yeah. And it's just a great way to trade. It's a great way to swing tricks. You're not trying to time up the entries on the edge. You're not like a day trader trying to buy dips and sell rips and time the market. No, you just look at the option chain and you say, do I want that much premium or not? Last year I had like a lot of money in my, I liquidated a lot of it because for some other investments with the wheel share, you're not making like 10 to 20,000 dollars per fucking month. Right. So I sold it for a year. But you know, either selling cover calls or cash secure puts. I was just willing my shit the whole time. But it was a lot of money. It was like close with me and dollars and then at the time. I bought this watch selling cover calls and cash secure puts basically willing stocks. That's why you buy use assets to buy luxury. It's just like a great way to trade. It's a peaceful way to trade because all you do it once you get the hang of it is it only takes like two minutes on Monday morning to just sell the cover calls, sell the cash secured puts. Oh, so we're combining. Okay. So after we're selling the cover call, we continue to do that and tell you're called away. See, getting that weekly weekly cash flow. Okay. Combining these steps. Once you're called away, we start over. You do the math. You're put. And you should have a ton of cash in here. Right now. So we just sell a cash secured put again. Repeat this process to generate income. I would rather make 10% a year with cash flow than just have 10, have a 10% a year. I mean, I've just growth, but no cash flow. You get the cash flow from this. First of all, if stocks that don't pay a dividend, you can get a dividend out of it. You own it by selling cover calls against it. Like I did with Nvidia. It's absolutely amazing. So yeah, why is the wheel work income generation? It beats out dividends. And pay by weekly weekly monthly. Most dividends usually only pay quarterly. So every three months a stock will pay a dividend usually. But that cash flow each and every week. It does sound improper to get pay the huge dividend. But I'm still getting money off it from from will in it. It's like it's just like a great way to trade exactly just like with ABR. It pays a dividend. So boom, you get that cash flow coming on in. Boom, you get cash flow from the wheel. It really just reduces your overall risk in the stock market. It's also super cool because you can be flexible. You can adjust your strike prices for your goals. You can sell out options that are further out in time. You'll get more premium. But you'll have a lower frequency of cash flow. Yeah. And that's something to think about as well. Some people do it monthly. I do it weekly. Yeah, exactly. Some stocks only have monthly options, monthly. Expiration. The call monthly. And that's fine, too. I mean, you'll get more premium. You just have to wait longer to let the options expire. And what's cool about this is you get to predetermine your entries and your exits. So that's really, really nice. You know exactly what's going to be going on. And the market will just dictate how well you get paid over time. And again, one of the risks with this, you know, if the stock absolutely tanks, yeah, you're going to lose money. If the stock goes bankrupt, you're going to lose money. That's why you don't do this with stocks that you don't, that you wouldn't mind owning. At some point, you're going to end up getting this side. But it might be a good thing. That's why I mean, that's why I own undershares of Netflix. I was selling puts against it. And then when they got a sign, but then the stock won't weigh up. So it was like, you need to be in a good thing because it was a stock I wanted. That's the key. And that brings up another point. Netflix is a tech stock. It's more volatile. It has one more higher beta. And so higher volatility in stocks means more premium. So you'll get paid more cash to agree to sell the call or more cash to agree to sell the put. So it's really cool. And again, I help out people all the time. I help out white boy Brian. I help out Jonathan. I'm like, hey, what kind of strike price should I sell? Like, hey, do this. And then boom, this is what selling options looks like as time passes. Boom, he's making money. Another example of this would that you want to think of it like is imagine you buy a property. And then you rent it out. That's basically what's going on rental property. Selling or covered call is like collecting rent. You're renting out your property. Or the home value can go up. And the home value can go down. You're not maybe so focused on the actual value of the home. Sure, you don't want the home value to go to zero. Like, you want the stock to go to zero. But when you're selling cover calls, just think of it like you're collecting rent. Except for you don't have to do the whole hassle with real estate. I like real estate too. It's an alternative asset class, but it can help you diversify. Yeah, I've decided a lot of stocks to buy my home as well. And it's. But it's dope that you, when you do it. Yeah. So just just a quick recap and some quick tips. Select a stock with strong fundamentals. Don't do this on no shit stocks. OK. Don't be doing it. You sit on a fucking game stop or some shit. The premiums are high on game stop, but they're high for a reason. It could go bankrupt. Yeah. You know, look for a history of stable price movements. Yeah, it depends on the market environment too. You know, contact your local CMT. If you want to learn about forecasting stock market prices, because if you know that a stock is likely going to go sideways or slightly higher, that's an advantage that you have in the stock market, especially when it comes to the wheel. Obviously, select the strike prices for your goals. If you don't want to get called away, you have to sell off foods that are further out of the money. We don't want to get super nerdy and talk about like Delta and probability of the touch. I don't even be looking at that shit, man. Again, I do have you on one fucking speed doubt, or if I need a fucking advice, so I maybe has an advantage in. Another quick tip. I don't want to combine too much technical analysis with this, but if a stock has like a resistance zone, that could be a potential area to sell a covered call on. It's like for example, I own the stock VNO. What's it, right over here? I've got a whole account just dedicated for the wheel. If you want to, you can sell options at where there's going to be like some sort of resistance, because that's going to be an area where the stock could potentially drop from those aren't exactly perfect resistances. But you can use technical analysis to pick your strike price. You pick fundamental analysis, which is like the technical price earnings, audacious to pick the stocks you want. You want to do this with it, right? But then technical analysis, which is like the char patterns, the shit to pick your injury points and your strike prices. Exactly. And all that does is just increase your probability of success. Yeah. And it's really, really nice. So I'll put that to Manso. And be sure to manage your risk. Don't try to do too much on one stock, try to diversify. And maybe you have some wheels running on like silver, gold, maybe you have a wheel running on like oil, maybe you have a wheel running on ABR or like maybe you have a wheel running on bonds. Not when you're not all in one asset class, and you've got cash flow coming in from all plastic classes. For sure. Listen, guys, anyone want to know more about this Manso. You can highlight Greg. He's always in the discord. I'm into discord. The victory unit discord. We in there all the time, man. Listen, Greg. Thank you so much, bro. That was a fantastic presentation. You really, really did a great job. Oh, thank you. I really appreciate it. You did a good job too. It was fun. From a flat thing. Yeah. Bad man and robbing or some shit like, I, please.

=== FILE: [WARNING] AI Is Changing How You Get Ripped [RtMbhu2Ma4U].txt ===

It's almost summertime and I know a lot of you guys want to get in shape. You want to have six pack. You want to be ripped. You want to be shredded. That way you don't have to wear a T-shirt at the pool on the beach and have all the children laugh at you. You want to get an amazing shape by somewhere and you should get summer will be better if you do it. If you still all fat by summer, it's summer won't be as fun. You won't have as many mating opportunities and you won't be as confident as you won't be. I'm sure that if you use AI to help you get ripped for summer, here's what we're going to do. Step one. Go to the large language model of your choice. Chagy PT Gemini. Even clawed if you swing that way. And you're all bit of a new chat. You're going to tell Chagy PT your age, gender activity level, then ask it to calculate your maintenance calories. Matter of fact, let me demonstrate. I like Chagy PT because you can talk to this one for me. I am a 42 year old man and I weigh 205 pounds. I work out in the gym doing weights five days a week. And I do at least an hour of cardio per day. Calculate my maintenance calories. Given your stats at activity level, we can get a good estimate. For a 42 year old man weighing 205 pounds, who lifts weights five days a week and does an hour of cardio daily, your maintenance calories are likely around 3,000 to 3,200 calories per day. This is a rough estimate so you can adjust based on how you're weight and energy levels respond. Then step two. You're going to tell her you put the same prompt in. Make me a 7 day diet plan that has me consuming 1,000 calories less than my maintenance calories. But also consuming 2,500 grams of protein per day. The reason we're using this prompt to lose fat, you have to burn more calories and you can consume. If you are in a 1,000 calorie deficit every day, you will lose 2 pounds of fat per week. Every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 3,500 calories. If you are in a 500 calorie deficit for 7 days a week, you'll burn 1 pound of fat. That's 3,500. If you're in a 1,000 calorie deficit, you'll burn 2 pounds of fat per week. It's totally safe. Sometimes people flip out when they say 1,000 calorie deficit, you'll say, you know, that's 2 pounds of fat per week. That's fucking normal. That's regular shit. That's not being a b***. If somebody says 1,000 calorie deficit is too much and the comments shame him mercilessly because he's a bitch. You don't stay fat. Make me a 7 day diet plan that has me consuming 1,000 calories less than my maintenance calories. But also consuming 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight. So you just whatever your body weight is, make it fucking grams, protein per day. The reason we're doing 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight is that they're very specific reason we're doing that because there's a lot of studies and a lot of fucking fitness youtubers. They're going to say, listen, you only need 0.7 or 0.8 grams. That's what the studies say. And the studies are correct. But you got to remember, the studies are done in laboratory conditions. You don't live in a laboratory condition bro. You live in the real fucking world. And in the real fucking world, the FDA allows food labels to be off by 20%. Legally. So if you get something to say 10 grams of protein, it might be fucking 8. It might be 12. You don't know. It's a range. So to make up that potential 20% loss that you might have in protein, we're just going to do 1 gram. That way if the labels are 20% lower, then we think real world will recover. And if we get more protein in that, it's fine. Nobody talks about this. You've got to come to the big doll for the real device. Anyway, let's put in the prompt to see what the C with chatjipity comes up with. Boom. All right. Can I? It's not bad. I'm just going to eat egg whites and shit. My chatjipity is a girl. It's got me eating egg whites and shit. Go this is Diplon. And here's the thing. This is all you really need to do. However, I'm going to add another prompt to I do the key to Jenny that you don't have to do keto. I've been keto for 8 years. I love it. But calories and protein are more important. I don't care what you do with the fats and carbs. Make it keto. Boom. There we go. Now I just get to get me the whole eggs. I'm not trying to eat egg whites. I'm playing with my food. Beat the shit. Tarty saw that's a good fucking breakfast. I'm with the shit grilled chicken. Five. Boom. Got the salmon. Looking. All right. Step three. Get this shit to your girlfriend and wife. It's say he has give fucking directions. How? If you don't got a girlfriend or wife, you're the A. That's why your fat ass is bug watching this video, man. You're going to do this video. Get this shit to your girlfriend or wife, man. You got your fucking custom meal plan for the week. Let me make some alterations, right? I don't like eating chicken. I don't like chicken that much. I know Juddin from my skin color. You may have assumed I had a natural predisposition for love and chicken. So when I may come to answer surprise and many of you, but I don't fuck with grilled chicken. So I'm going to tell chat jippity. I don't like chicken breasts. I said all you chicken wings or legs. I'm still black, but I don't like chicken breasts. I'm just kidding. I don't like chicken breast. Read through my plan without it. Got it. No chicken breast. Here's a revised version. There we go. It's way better. So you gave me steak instead of chicken. It's fucking way better. Sam in with the skin. They want this to this fire. Damn, I get a cheese out. I'm like, you know, man. Let's go grab pork chops. So boom. Listen, this alone will get you wish a. You may be thinking, hey man, I don't have a workout plan yet. No problem. Here's the proper use. Write me a workout plan to go along with it. If you want to make it even better, base it on the teachings of famous handsome youtuber, brand and carter. I wouldn't leave that last part if you want it to be good. Boom. Seven-sized workout plan goes perfect. Here we go. All right, they got you doing full body workout. I have some videos on push pull legs. Sorry, understand what they did that. Right, man. Yeah, I do do a lot of hit workouts that make sense. Doesn't that bet you can have brand and carter coaching. Now here's the thing. Now we need to track it. So what you want to do is get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. I use the ordering, but you can use the Wump. You can use Apple Watch Fitbit, Samson Watch if that's you think. Some of the fitness tracker tracks your calories, the calories you burn every day. And then track your macros. Like when you go through this meal plan, put it in my fitness pal. Some people are so against tracking your macros. I get a lot of put bit men on the trick. My calories. I'm like, you sound like a fucking bitch, man. All it's just put numbers in the phone. So I've been a bitch. They ain't fucking hard. These are us too hard. Hard compared to what, man. Every day I see them off of this clean in the windows when I look at them. And these condoms of Miami hanging from the fucking side of the building cleaning windows like a latino spider man. Right, that's hard. You, I'm just telling you to put fucking numbers in the phone so you can stop being a fat boy. Anyway, I'm trying to count as you burn everything and track the calories you consume every day. Now here's what I want you to do. I have a free notion template where you can actually start tracking this shit, right? Because again, loser fat is just math. So the track calories you can consume every day. You can say what they say. We follow our diet every day, 2100. Let's say you set the gold of burn. 3100 every day. And again, you would be actually tracking this with your fitness tracker. Boom, that puts you in a thousand calorie deficit. Remember, burning fat is just math. It doesn't matter if you keto fucking vegan. If you wanted to do that, the other shit fine. What's important is burn your more calories than you consume. Now, I have a tracker where you can actually start tracking this every day. It's called the Victor revision planner. You can track your calories and consume them burn and I had this formula that adds it up for you. You can track your protein in it. And you can set up other habit tracking stuff that you want to track. I use it every day is more complex than what I just showed you on the screen. Go ahead and download that now. It's 100% free. And I feel like you got the game plan to get it shaped by summer. You know what I'm saying? Using AI. Let's get it.

=== FILE: [WARNING] Extreme Ways To Burn Fat FAST! [vairEn7diVw].txt ===

It's time to stop being fat. I wanna have you guys stop being fat. Once and for all, and I'm sure you had to do it fast. Now to be clear, in this video, I'm gonna break down everything you need to burn fat fast. I don't wanna hear any of you talking about this unsustainable. Fast and unsustainable. When it comes to fat loss, those goals are in conflict with each other. You can have one, but you can't have the other. If you wanna lose weight fast, if you wanna burn fat fast, I'm gonna show you on this video. If you want some sustainable, then you need to leave this video. Like right now, we'll wait for you to leave. All right, cool. And that all the lazy bitches are gone. I can talk to the tough guys who are ready to lose weight fast. I think that all that sustainable diet shit has been pushed on you by fitness influencers who think you are a bitch. And that's why they give you that easy shit. To lose fat, you have to be in the glory deficit. It's quite literally a mild form of starvation. How would you wanna sustain starvation? I think you should get ripped as fast as possible. Then, once you hit your ideal body weight, you move into a plan that you can sustain. Let's get ripped fast as possible, then move into something sustainable. And just to vanish is it at one, you make progress fast. You stop being fat quicker. So, if you're taking you mad long to lose weight, you are likely to get discouraged. And quit, I seen it happen playing it's arms. I've been a person restraining for over 25 years. But one of the things I specialize in was helping people get ripped as fast as possible. And then, we're moving into some sustainable. This is gonna be super difficult. In fact, this may be one of the most difficult fat loss protocols any of you have ever seen. Definitely more difficult than almost anything any of you have ever embarked on. You clicked on a video because you wanted to lose fat fast. If you wanna get it easy, you should go somewhere else. Probably a middle-aged white woman somewhere on the internet. She's got some easy you can do. This is gonna test how hard you are, how tough you are. And a lot of you will fail, but it's not very much. All right, there's three steps to this protocol. And each one of them is gonna get more difficult than the last. I'm sure I'm gonna lose many viewers throughout this video. This is not the video I would post if I wanted to get a million views, but it will work of that I showed you. So, first thing you need to lose fat is you need to be in a caloric deficit. Meaning you have to burn more calories than you consume. The reason you have to do that is because the way the human body works on a biological level, the reason your body stores fat is because, you know, this whole being able to eat whenever you want shit is pretty new as far as human history is concerned. If our ancient ancestors wanted to eat something they had to grow it or kill it. You just have to go on your phone and order Uber eats. Our ancestors would go through long stretches of famine. And if they kill a buffalo or a willy mammoth, the whole tribe would eat the whole mammoth, because, you know, refrigerators hadn't been invented yet. That fool was about the right. They needed to eat it all, because they couldn't store for later. But they could store it for later. If they ate it all, those extra calories will be stored as fat. Listen, I never killed a willy mammoth. What I'm about to say is just a hypothesis, but I would assume it's difficult to kill mammoths with sticks and stones. It was super difficult for them to actually kill these motherfucking animals. So, if they did kill when they eat it all, then they probably go through some starvation period. And that's been the majority human history, feast and famine. And we evolved in order to get through that by eating a surplus of food. And when we are in a clore deficit, meaning we're not getting a lot of food or not getting a lot of calories, your body would use that fat as energy. We have to do the same thing to lose fat now. We have to be in a clore deficit. To burn a pound of fat, you have to actually burn 3500 calories. So, you have to be in a clore deficit of 3500 for every pound of fat that you want to burn. How do we make sure this happens? Well, we have to track. This is where I'm a lose lot of you motherfuckers. But I'm telling you this will work. So, here's a study done by Duke University where they had people tracking everything they ate. We're going to use just ignore all these other lines. We're going to talk about this as one in gray. This gray line, all they did was tail the participants in a study. They just track what you ate for three months. They didn't give them any diet plan. They didn't give them any protocol. They didn't even tell them to be in a clore deficit. They didn't tell them anything. They got zero instructions. All they said was track what you ate. Guess what happened? You guessed it. These motherfuckers started eating less. All the participants started to lose weight when they started tracking. Now, when they stopped tracking that month three and they started to gain some of the way back. So, the first thing we're going to be doing is we're going to be tracking our diet. If you did want some easy, that's about as easy as it gets. You don't even have to follow what diet plan according to the study from Duke University. These are fucking scientists. All you have to do is track what you eat. They use my fitness powder track. Just track everything you eat and you'll lose weight. You could just do that if you wanted something simple and easy. You guys want to lose weight fast. These motherfuckers lost on average, you know, a little over five pounds and three months. I wouldn't call that fast. We're going to take it up and not. So first thing you're going to do is you're going to be tracking what you eat. And then a lot of people you're asking, how do you track food that you can't find on my fitness pal? I don't eat food. I can't track. I keep a food skill moment everywhere I go. I've shown in in tons of videos tons of times. And I track everything I keep it on me and I just wait my food even at restaurants. And I put it in my fitness pal and it's super easy. It only takes a second. If you do that, man, you'll lose weight. Listen, if you can't track your diet, this is the easiest diet plan I've ever heard. No diet. Just track what you eat and study, show your lose weight. If you can't even do that, get the fuck away from this video. Leave. In order to track if you got to get that food skill, this is fast. If not trying to be easy, keep a food skill on you every day everywhere you go. And though a lot of people are thinking of typing, that's too much work. I don't want to do that. You shouldn't be watching a video about burning fat fast if you're not willing to be extreme. This is not for you. This is extreme fat loss protocol. I've been doing that every day for over a decade. It's not a big deal to me, but I am tougher than you. The next step, you need, is you need some sort of wearable to track the calories you burn. I used to use the Apple Watch for that for years. If you watch my old videos, I'm always wearing an Apple Watch. But I switch to the ordering because it blends in with my entire, you know. The watches out we're now, they don't track my heart rate, but the calories, but they raise your bitches heart rate. And they, you can use an Apple Watch or a ring or a garment or a fit bit. And you want to use that to track the calories you burn each day. Listen to me, listen to me, pay attention. It's not 100% accurate. I know that. One is some sort of baseline because what's the alternative? The alternative is just guess. We know it's going to be a range. Wearables, they usually over estimate your calorie expenditure per day. Even food labels are not 100% accurate. It's fucked up, right? Check this out. The FDA allows food labels to be 20% inaccurate. Meaning, it can be 20% wrong in either direction. It's just a fucking range. Like we're not sure what we want to make the range as tight as possible. What we're going to do is we're going to air on the side of caution. Now once you're tracking the calories you burn and you're tracking the calories you consume each day, then you need to actually have that data and put it somewhere. Let me show you what I mean. This is why I do for the people I train and what I've done for myself for decades. So you get some sort of spreadsheet every day. You come in here and you put in the calories you consume each day. Let's say you consume 2,000 calories this day. Oh, now we want to be in a deficit, right? So let's say we burn 3,000 calories a day. All right? Oh, that means we burn a thousand calories. Let's say we do it every day. Now again, you have to track this stuff because remember, right? Just tracking your lose weight. You'll succeed if all you did was track your lose weight according to studies. All right? Let's say we just kept it the same. I'm just going to be simple. Use a simple math for you according to this. We're in about a thousand calorie deficit each day. You may be saying, hey, man, I heard such and such as saying we want to be in a 500 calorie deficit or influencer someone so said, you just need a 500 calorie deficit. Get listen asshole. If that shit you saw from another video, work for you, you wouldn't be watching another video on how to burn fat with you. Shut the fuck up in a polygized me. We're just going to simple math. Let's just say you did everything perfect each day. You won't. But let's just say you did. You should burn. Remember, every pound of fat is a 3500 calories. You should burn 2 pounds of fat. It should work. It's math. Now, here's the thing. Remember, if it's track is 100% accurate. But then put you in a nice tight range. And that's why we overshoot. We take it. We take it a little higher to make up for it the potential and adequate in accuracy. And you track it. I'm using notion for this, but you can use Google Sheets and just put in a formula and then it comes out this night. You see what your average is every week. I'm going to put a sheet in this video. Kind of like the one I had. So you guys can use. You can start tracking the shit yourself. And that's part one. You want to make sure you're tracking everything. Now, how many calories should you have each day? How many calories should you burn each day? What do your macros should be? That's step two. You got to get your calories and the macros down. What exactly are you going to eat? Let's talk about the diet. I think you should have at least one gram of protein per pound of lean body mass. Lean body mass. You might have to get a dexist scan or find a way to measure what your lean body body mass gets your body fat percentage. Get an estimate of what your lean body mass and you want to get at least one gram of protein per pound of body weight. I know you've heard some other fucking youtuber reference some study. Maybe you read a study saying that you don't need that much protein. That maybe 0.7 or 0.8 grams of protein is enough. However, those studies were done in controlled environments with spiccientists. They knew exactly how much protein that person was consuming. Remember, we don't. We're doing the best we can. But the FDA allows food labels to be wrong. They have a 20% margin of error. Meaning, if you buy some shit and it says it has 10 grams of protein, it might have 8. It might have 12. They're allowed to have 20% wrong in either direction. So to account for that, instead of 0.8, we're going to do one gram. Make up for it at potential 20% loss. Because we're in the real world when I do it in labs, the way that the studies were done. We're in a controlled environment. Now remember, I said at least, I've been a person training for over 25 years. I've trained thousands of people, both in person online. And people seem to have success with higher protein than even one gram. I'm not telling you what to do. I'm just telling you people are trying. When I'm cutting, I take my protein up to at least 1.5 or 2 gram. At least. And there's a few reasons for that. One, there's some studies. It says it's certain that on a ketogenic diet, a little bit, it's more so high protein ketogenic diet. And that's what I do. In this study, it talks about how when you have doing a high protein ketogenic diet, which is what I do. It drastically reduces your appetite. But just high protein in general, we'll give you more satiety. And you're less likely to be hungry if your protein is high. Right? So protein is satiety. And your way less likely to be hungry if your protein is super high. And if you're not hungry, that makes it easier for you to keep your calories low. I mean, that's one macro you want to have. So we want to keep our protein at least 1 gram. Your fats and carbs. I don't really give a fuck what you do with fats and carbs. Keep your protein at 1 gram of lean body mass. And we want to keep your calories. It lean body mass times 10. So if your lean body mass is 200, then you want 2,000 calories that day. And I know you may be saying, that's too little. Right? Remember, we're doing this fast. You wanted to be fast or not. You wanted to be fast or you wanted to be easy. But if you do it, you will lose weight. That means just math. You'll be in a caloric deficit. But your protein will be high enough to retain the majority of your muscle or at least a good portion of your muscle. I don't care what you do with your fats and carbs. Some of you hate keto. Some of you love hot carbs. I don't give a fuck how you do it. Right? I'm just putting it up and keeping calories at your lean body mass time 10. Which is going to be super, super low calories for most of you guys. I caution you against filling the rest of those calories with carbs. Because if you fill it with fat, you're more like they'd be in a ketosis. It's another study that you show keto diets actually decrease cravings. Right? And the decrease appetite. You can see how that can be beneficial. If you're not as hungry and your calories are super low, it might be easier to hit here today. And then you may be thinking that the high protein is going to kick you out of ketosis. That's just not been my experience. No matter how high I take my protein, I test my blood glucose level twice a day every day. Keeping my protein at the levels I don't tell you as long as my carbohydrates levels were low, I usually stay in ketosis. And this doesn't be test my blood ketones twice a day. This is where people are trained. I have never trained somebody and they've gone out of ketosis. But I consume it too much protein. I just haven't seen. I know that study say, Google Neo Genesis, so kick you out of ketosis. I just haven't seen that in the real world. However, being in ketosis is not necessarily what we need for this diet. You just need the protein to crush your appetite. And here's the thing, the problem is, man. Some of you won't focus on a fill-up of carbs. And I know you guys hate the ketogenic diet and you want to attack me from, like, you want to attack me for even suggesting that some of you should do. And the reason you want to do that is because you're addicts, sugar addicts. Because sugar is addictive. The idea of giving up sugar is fucking with you, but here's prison. University would a whole study talking about how addictive sugar is. They say it's similar to drugs. You can eat candy and cake. And as long as you're in a chloroid deficit, you will lose weight. You can't. But can you do that? Can you do that? Probably not. There's another study about how addictive sugar is, Mount Sinai. On top of weight gain, the consumption can cause irreparable damage. Putting you at higher risk, the diabetes, heart disease, depression, anxiety, memory loss, and even reduced brain volume. That's just sugar, man. That's just sugar. So that's why you guys get so mad when I suggest cutting carbs. But you can eat carbs if you want. The problem is carbs make you hungry because they're addictive. So that's the diet plan. When you're hungry, you're living weight. Your calories are going to be super low. You're not going to put on a lot of muscle during this time. I recommend you do three to four full body workouts per week. One to two exercises per body part. It just do that. Focus on compound exercises. I don't want to talk about this too much. You're not going to build a lot of muscle during this period. What I would do when it's talk about is the cardio you're going to do. So I want you to walk 20,000 steps per day. 20,000 steps. That is twice as much as normally recommended 10,000 steps per day. You remember, this is extreme. We're trying to burn fat fast, right? Extreme results. You're going to burn your extreme. If you walk 20,000 steps per day on average, you should burn an additional 1,000 calories per day. At least on average, it's going to vary depending on your high weight. I'm just talking about the average person. You should burn an additional 1,000 calories per day. But remember, you're already in a deficit because you're keeping your calories so low. So on top of that, we're going to burn an extra 1,000 calories just that alone. You're burning 2 pounds at fat a week. You're going to take the average person about 2 hours. I said this before and this big fitness influencer who will remain nameless said that nobody has enough time to walk that much. Nobody has enough time to walk that much. A simple search on YouTube will show you that this like, white ladies doing it man, like fucking women, tiny women are doing it. What is this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, you to work. Flitton is fitness influencer would say, hey, man, it's too much. This chick did it. I don't know why he's not tough enough to do it. So this chick did it. This fella did it. Who else, man? This guy did it. He not even ripped. He just a regular guy. This guy did it. This is all types of people doing it actually, you know. So don't let nobody tell you. This guy's doing 30,000 steps a day. This guy's doing, so people are doing it. He's why I'm trying to say man. And I had a video where I talked about doing it. I'm going to comment from news one in particular. I took this challenge. The two sessions of 10k today, it took one hour before work, one hour after work. All right. I mean, listen, that's normal. And he did it. He lost away, made it, did a great job. Like it can be done. It's less than if you wanted some easy, you shouldn't watch this video. But the reason we're walking instead of doing something and crazy cardio or running is because our calories are going to be so low. If you do hit cardio, problem with that is it's almost like resistance training for your muscle. We want to do some low impact. But we still burn a lot of calories. You can just walk, man. Walk in the morning, walking after the meal. And you should be able to hit this, you know. Listen, if you got kids or dog, you can go walking with your kids somewhere. They'll enjoy it. Walk your dog, dogs love being outside. Walk your girlfriend. You got to need to walk your girlfriend's man. Put on a leash, take, I mean, hold her hand. And I would do it together. You know, and that's all it. We're going to do a full body workout, one of two exercise upper body part. You want to pick the compound movements. Three to four sets depending on, you know, how well trained you are. Do that three to four times a week because we're not really going to focus on it. We just want to maintain as much muscle as possible. Lift heavy when you're doing it. Like, oh, that's the key when you're lifting lift heavy. But also, it's this cardio and this diet. That's what's going to do it, man. There are a few supplements that I take. I'm not telling you to do this when it comes to something. Hey, YouTube moderators, I'm not telling the viewer to do this. I'm saying me. I get the obligatory. I got to tell you that I'm going to satisfy my replacement therapy. I got onto your T like right before I turn it forward. You're 40, 42 now. If you were in your 30s, you should probably look into it as well. My testosterone. It was a man get testosterone was low because you went on keto. Um, do some studies to show that this can actually keto can actually raise testosterone. My testosterone wasn't like crazy low. It was in the normal range, but it was the low end of normal for some of my age. And I just didn't want that. So I went on the fucking juice. All right, whatever. Go fuck yourself. Even before the TRT, this is what I did when I was cutting. I took this supplement is called bronchate. Bronchate has in it a ingredient called a fegera. A fegera when I was in high school. A feger was in every fat burner pill because it worked. Fegera gives you a ton of energy and it really reduces your appetite. In America, I don't know what it's like in other countries, but in America, you have to go to the farms that go behind the counter. You've got to be over 18 and you have to give. And I had, I'm not telling you what to do. This is what I have to do when I get it. You shouldn't use it. So I'm just saying what I do. I have to give the farms as my ID. They look at it. Oh, okay. Do some shit in the computer. And then they fucking give me the shit. All right. I guess I got to make sure I'm not making meth out of it or something. Well, I take this two to three times a day. Plus, two to three hundred milligrams of caffeine. Two to three times a day. This is what I do. I'm not telling you what to do. It's what I do. I'm not telling you what to do. Do whatever you want. You can get it from like a can of Celsius. That's a cool way to get it or pre-work out. Whatever two to three times a day depending on your tolerance. Plus, bronch A, two to three times a day. You'll have a ton of energy, which is important. The fedgera and the caffeine to give you ton of energy. Both of those are appetizing presence. As a member, keeping our calories super low. We want to do everything in our power to keep our appetite low. So it's easier to adhere to this protocol. And it's one more thing you've got to get. This ketone aid. This is exogenous ketone esters. This is not like the ketone salt, usually. This is something different. This is ketone esters. It's just a waste on it. This stuff tastes like trash. I never tasted garbage dumpster juice. But I imagine that this is what it tastes like. But you know, nope, nope. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I take shots of this. It's like the dose that you fill up a cap full of it. And I'll take multiple doses throughout the day. What it does is man, every time I start filling hungry, if I take a shot at that, I'm not hungry anymore. And it gives you more energy. It's exogenous ketones, but like a super strong version of it. Your body makes ketones. And the absence of glucose, liver return, fat, either fat that you ingest or body fat into ketones, nest a few of that your body will run out. However, this really helps people when they're trying to adjust it to the ketogenic diet. Why their body is trying to learn how to make ketones. You can just give it some ketones. You don't need me to be doing a ketogenic diet to benefit from this, right? It's just like another fuel source. It's super dope. Now, full disclosure, you can see I do be mindless shit, full disclosure. I'm really cool with the CEO every once in a while that send me some shit. They never pay me the endorsement. I noticed a difference, bro. I take this during the day, even when I'm not cutting. You know, I take it first in the morning, every morning, every morning, the start my day off. Right. So now we'll have energy so we can walk all these fucking 20,000 steps. This also suppresses appetite. So we have three appetite suppressors. Right? You do that three times a day. It'll be difficult to eat more calories than you supposed to. Plus, if you do it with majority of protein and you keep your carbs low, that's also going to suppress appetite. This is how you adhere to this crazy ass protocol. But it'll also give you the energy to walk all these fucking steps. Okay, I'm not telling you what to do. I wouldn't do this without the bronchi, without the effedre. Like I do not like doing this shit without the effedre. It's probably the most potent appetite suppressant. The fat loss of the fat loss of the fat loss of the two part process, the lapoluses and oxidation. Lepoluses when your fat cells break down in the fatty acids, oxidation is when you're body uses those broken down fat cells for energy. And steady show that the feds are speeds up the policies. But it also gives you energy so you didn't fucking start moving more and you can oxidize that shit. If it legal to put it in fitness supplements, right, nobody built a supplements because it used to be in every fat burner when I was a kid in the 90s. I was 16 years old taking this shit before basketball games, found everybody. I found out of every game, almost. I let the league in fouls. I was a rip little kid. Legend has it. It was some high school wrestlers or some college wrestlers who were trying to make weight. So they were dehydrating themselves, taking a bunch of effedre and they were running around with those garbage suits on with no water trying to make weight for an event. And kids die. I'm not telling you to do it. In fact, I'm telling you not to take it. Don't take it. What is it, man? Everything I tell you is not just based off my own experiences based off training. Levered thousand people were the last 25 years. You know, I've been a personal trainer for a man long. I was one of the first online trainers. I built a multi-seventy figure online fitness business. And now I teach other people how to build their online fitness business. If you would like to know more about that, I have a free ebook that has shown you all about it. It's called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. Links in the description. This ebook will show you how to build your online fitness business even if you don't have a big following. And even if you don't have a lot of experience, you know, at least learn more about the business and see if it's right for you. Because it might not be right for you. But at least you can read the book, go through it. And I see some examples of some other people we've helped. And if you don't like it, if you find us not for you, at least you'll know how to read the free ebook. Anyway, at least in the description.

=== FILE: if you have less than $5000 in the bank, do this NOW [uiWfjcTludE].txt ===

This is what I want you to do if you got $5,000 in the bank or less. That is a goddamn emergency. And I'm gonna give you the game plan to stop being a motherfucking broke boy. And you are gonna come up immediately. And there are a few things we need to do to accomplish this. The very first thing you're gonna do, right? Is you're gonna cut expensive aggressively. You gotta understand man. Less than 5,000 dollars in the bank is a goddamn emergency. First thing we're gonna do, we're gonna cut expenses immediately. And here's why we need to get our income in the control. The way you get rich is you gotta make more money than you spend in a best of difference. But you've been spending almost all your money. That's why you broke. The first thing we wanna do is start tracking expenses. For over a decade I used something called Mint.com to track all my expenses. But now we're using something called Monarch. They do not pay me. Much to my shagrin. They do not pay me to shout them out. If they want to sponsor this video or anything else, I will take the money. U.S. holds that money. Our goal only got a few more motherfucking months before I have to show up and take the money. We're gonna start tracking expenses. Monarch is really dope. It's really dope. Because what you do is link all your accounts. All your bank accounts. All your debit cards. You credit cards. You're investment accounts. Everything of the Monarch.com. And it does a lot of the tracking for you. But I still go through everyday and I just make sure the categories are correct. It's actually better than Mint. It's a beautiful surprise that Mint shut down. Once you have all your spending, first what we need to do is stop eating out. You're saying you are going to buy no new shit. You are going to cut unnecessary shit. What you doing with Netflix and no money. You know making that money to watch Netflix loser? I don't watch Netflix. And I'm fucking filthy rich. This is all you're subscription is all the bullshit, man. As you are in an emergency situation, motherfucker. Next thing we're gonna do. Remember, you got five K in the bank. You are going to get a second job. Bitch, nigga. Monarch is being like yo man, I'm broke man. I ain't got no money. It was like, oh man, you don't make it the money you would you work? No, I was like, well, why don't you get another job? Oh, because because, and I want to ring your fucking neck every time when you broke boys tell me that shit. Because I've been there. I want to strangle you because I love you. If I didn't give a fuck about you, I wouldn't get emotional about it. Get a second job. And I went through this after my father blew his brains out of shock and hit when I was 24. It was during the recession of a way fucking worse, unnatural recession since the depression. Recognizing employment, I couldn't get a job. Even though I had a college degree, I couldn't get a good job. Come to you to go now to business. People were laying in late off. We had record levels of unemployment. I just said, fuck, personal training in the morning. It worked security from 10 to 6. After work, I worked for a moving company. And then on the weekends, I trained people in the morning and I managed to arrest around a weekend manager of a restaurant and queens on Steinways. That was work for jobs. That was work all day, every day. Two years of doing that, I wasn't broke no more. Oh, for those years, I made over $100,000. Working blue collar jobs during a recession. You know what I'm saying? Get another fucking job, bro. Y'all got a bandages that I didn't have back in a way. Or I'll say you can work overtime. If you can. You can drive Uber. It's like, all you motherfuckers were broke. I mean, why you driving Uber after work? I would have loved to drive Uber instead of working for the moving company. It might have been less money, but it would have been way less stringuous on my back. What else can these motherfuckers do, man? Regular as a job. Delivery. I remember this one, dude. He told me he was broke. And he was, oh, you got a job like, nah, he said you're doing Uber? Nah, man, you're not doing Uber. He's just like, nah, man. I don't, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's, you might have to humble yourself, man. I was working for moving companies. I had to call this degree. You know, you sometimes you got to humble yourself if you broke, man, you can't. You can't have no money in pride. Fuck you proud of. Nah, man, you got to humble yourself. And then, that same day that motherfuckers said that. The next day, it was a snowstorm in New York. I was living in Manhattan on Ever West Side. I was hungry so I was going to order breakfast. And, yo, man, of motherfuckin' chick, this chick walked in the snowstorm to deliver my breakfast. And I was like, yo, man, this chick is hustling harder than most of you motherfuckin' dudes. Anyway, delivering, get a second job, all right, boom, work after work. If you're old, man, if you've done it five, man, work from five. Five to nine. You know what I'm saying? You broke. I want to hear nothing about enjoying life. How much life you would enjoy with $5,000, man. I wouldn't be able to enjoy shit. I wouldn't be a bit difficult for me to sleep. I'd be panicking. You need to get serious. Work after work, work on the weekends. I'm fuckin' around, man. Oh, in order to do this shit, you're gonna start planning in your calendar. You're gonna have to plan every day your calendar. You're gonna have to structure. You're gonna have to have a bedtime. You're gonna have to wake up time. I still worked out when I had four jobs. Granted, it was easier because I was a trainer. So I worked out with my clients. I still fuckin' got seven, five, seven hours sleep a night. I know for a fact, you motherfuckin' watching this, click on this, cause you have five dollars out on the bank. You motherfuckin' you've logged more quality duty hours than me this year. The screen time on your phone looks way different than mine. I assure you, you got time, man. You just a bitch. And the next thing you need to do is you have to build your skills. Build a high income skill. You gotta learn some sort of skill, man. Of the top of my head, some might come over with his sales, video production, or editing. Something that people will pay you for. Media buying, like if you can learn how to do ads, learn how to run ads. I know what people who are. Like, most I'm millionaires, and they just add buyers. They run people's social media, they're ads. Like Facebook ads, Instagram ads. Social media management, online fitness. My first business, I was an online trainer. As I was working those first four jobs. I had that idea, hey, man, what if I started training people online instead of in person? And it was more difficult back then, cause it weren't as many social media to do the marketing. And nobody was showing you how to do it. All of us who started online training back in the old, old nine, we had to invent it. I was one of the pioneers. Now I teach people how to do it as well. I teach people to grow their online fitness business. If you wanna learn how to do that, I have a free resource. Just call it, tank a man who's the online trainer. It's a free ebook, you can download and it'll give you the outline of how it works. And you see if it's something that's for you, right? But you have a way better understanding how that works. A service business is one of the best businesses to start, especially if you broke. Because it's very little over here and there's very little start-up cost. And especially if you love fitness, cause I've always had an affinity for fitness. I've always been in love with it. So it didn't feel like work. If you wanna learn more about that down at the free ebook, right? If you're gonna wish, now you have to learn. You have to study. It means there's a lot of free resources online, right? But you can get books, courses, courses, YouTube, get a mentor. Probably you have to pay them. In fact, you wanna pay a mentor, right? Anything that's important to me, I don't let people do it for free. Like somebody wants to do something for free or me, I'm like, mm-hmm. I'm gonna pay you cause I need them to take it seriously. Otherwise, I think they do a new a favor and they're gonna do it when they get around to it. And build the high income skill. And then once you have the high income skill, then you want to leverage that skill for money. But you gotta work your way up here. You gotta remember, you're starting at the fucking bottom. You got $5,000. Alright, so, very soon we could have expensive aggressively. Get another fucking job. You gotta get out of this emergency situation, build yourself a cushion. And you gotta build a high income skill. Then you wanna start leveraging that skill for money. What you can do that is get a better job. Right? And then maybe you gotta skill now, you can get a better job. Maybe you don't have to drive a little more all the time. Start a business. What you're new skills, right? If you're not good at anything, high-go start a business. You're gonna pay you. You're gonna pay you to do something bad. Nobody. You're gonna be a scammer. If you're not good at something, you try to sell a service. That's something you're not good at. That's how scammers are made. Scam is actually more difficult than actually provided a good product. A service if you're good at it. Like for me, it would be more difficult to scam. Because now I have to deal with the ramifications. People will be making YouTube videos about me. I'mma end up on coffee, zill or something shit. Fuck that. I rather just give a good product a service. Right? You get blown reviews, you get tons of testimonials and referrals. And it makes everything easier. You're free lands. Because Nemo was free lands in, free lands videographer before he met me. And then think he still does some freelance. That works. But in order to do that, I remember. Remember, like all this takes time. Like the read, if you're broke, the only resource you probably have is time. And that's why it goes right back. You're gonna have to get even more aggressive with your calendar. You have another video on time management that you should watch right after this to show you exactly how you can start managing your time better. And then I made a lot of jokes. Talk to, kind of cool. You and I may have sounded like I didn't give a fuck about you. But I really do care, right? Like you don't have to be broken in first world country. I'm about yourself. Cut expenses. Get that second job. Right? Start building that skill. And then once you have the skill, you can start making some more money. All right.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-09T06:28:54.107031Z ===
