Goin' on guys, we are here in my boy Moneyboards, $1.4 million. Second studio, and it's the garage as well. I had a nice studio, I thought I could use another one for special occasions when kings and superheroes like Mr. Carter come through and pay a visit for a period of time. First man, tell the story about the cars. I actually have this show-fired vehicle sitting in the back, because a lot more comfortable than I said to the Uber anyways. Yeah. It's pretty luxurious, you take a look in the back, we'll see you. It's good amount of space back here that are not be troubled with touching the seat or anything. Not that. How much is this cost? Oh, you're finding a quarter of a million or so now. A quarter of a million. That's it, think. Oh, I'm going to million. They give them away. Oh, yeah. It's a great value. There's a nice features in there for quarter million. Yeah, man. This little difference, this is, you know, what needed something was a little bit bigger that, if I have multiple coaches or guests over that, you know, we're going to do training. So there's been times where we have multiple people who are picking up from the airport, needed a bigger vehicle. So I thought this was a good vehicle for that, you know, it was like a 7-C-S-U-V. It just happens to have a twin-turbo, you know, supercharged engine. This is the big dog, the Rose Royce Phantom. This is my favorite car in his fleet. Well, it's a little metallic purple in there. And then we had the center caps match of course. Of course. It can't have the Pinch around your center caps, not match on the rest of your purple. This also happens to be the extended Phantom. So having that extra, I think it's 8.7 inches, 80,000 dollar feature to have the long version. So they call it a extended wheelbase. This is the long version with the maximum legroom and back. And you know, then the seats also recline here. This is not a comment for a Rose Royce actually to have the reclining seats. That's how normal feature in a Rose Royce. That's like a $30,000 option to have read the seats. You know, you don't drive the seats, you can show for you. Drive. Holy poor people drive for the rest of the choice. How is this one causing? About 800,000. Oh, yes. That's it. With features and tags. You know, I'm the hood ornament. There's a little ring down here. You can see the so LED light. That little LED lights over $5,000 option. Oh, right. It's a good ornament. It's well illuminated at night time. No. And you got a main shot with the vehicles in the background. And then the zoom in at my face, zoom in at my guest's face. Yeah. It's got some marble money bags. I actually got a lot of money. 10. 10. 10. There's a couple hundred pounds each. Yeah. Those are their solid marble and they're a couple hundred pounds. You want to be more modest and speaking of modest, yeah. Tell me about this. Well, this was a bronze statue of myself. I asked for this statue to be made of me. And it was supposed to be smaller scale when I originally ordered it. It was supposed to be about a quarter of this size. It came big. I thought what the hell am I going to do with a larger than life statue of my torso? And I like the details. Got the AP on, you know? Yes, AP. You get the Pimbo on the scene. I was up in here messing with this earlier. You know, I bought this because I thought like it's a fun thing to have my studio. Yeah. Fun little entertainment for a guest. You know, favorite moment at downtime. It's a music box here. From 1860, this is over 200 years old. Yeah, it's over 200 years old. True. And it does a little wind up here. So this was the cutting edge of music technology home audio. You know, 210 years ago back in Germany. Yeah, I got this shuffle board table came with a property. And I was like, yeah, don't throw that away. I'm not going to play this. Then I thought, well, you know, what if I get it repainted to match my refrigerator? Okay. What if I painted it, matte black and copper? So it matches the refrigerator well. Then what if I put my logo on the ends of it? Oh, I have both ends. My corporate logos. Yeah, it's supposed to keep it ideally you want to get it on the foredown there in score four points. Oh, right. I got another shot. Because it's like hard. It looks pause. All right, let me see it. But what was important for you to build this kind of garage studio? You don't want me to record up poor. I can like, I'm doing that. I tried poverty. And I thought, you know what, this is a map for me. Yeah, I felt the same way. Let me try being a wealthy for a while. Let me try to like earn the best that life has to offer and settle in for some like mediocre. It's better, right? You know, I tried both. Yeah. This responsible thing to do is to let spread tests, you know. And after I tried poverty, and then I tried like, you know, pretty good level of wealth. And I said, man, this wealth stuff is so much more fun, like, way better. You can better taste in stakes. You better stake when you're rich. You need like have nice or cars when you're rich. You don't even drive them. You just sit in the back. Have in money, so I'll have a lot of problems that not have in money creates. That's a fact. It's somebody who wanted to start walking down a path and they wanted to learn from you how to do it, how would they go about that? Yes, what? Brande's asked me to do a live training for his audience, came mine. We're going to do that on April 28th, 4 p.m. Pacific Time, 7 p.m. Eastern Time. In their training, I'm walking you through the 10 most important things. I call the 10 commandments of wealth. Who's right person to come to that live training? Man, in my mind, I think it would be somebody who's not only ambitious but has the kind of work ethic that will allow them to put in the work necessary, right? Because somebody has been putting in a lot of work over a consistent amount of time. But they'll be able to put in the right work that would definitely put them down at Mark's down that path, you know? Go ahead and click the link in the description right now. Register for immediately before it fills up. So now we're here in the second studio. I do my mentoring call over here every week. So I sit on the couch with, you know, whoever my esteemed guest with my coaches that week, I've been on that couch two. But yeah, we have another fellow prime pro over here. We have another lighting system. Sometimes I sit at the desk. We got, you know, just a little trinkets and success trinkets in the background. Some university degrees. Now I had to start with this GED. Oh. I didn't finish high school. So when other people was in high school, I was being a little misfit and got myself in trouble. I was always kicked out of school for some sort of in-sabird nation or funny enough, I wasn't so good at taking orders. I was a lot better at taking orders for myself than I was from taking orders from other people. I mean, I don't get that from you. Yeah. Funny thing. Funny thing. Get your change over time. The game needs a dean's prize for building the Chicago Booth Brand back then. They said that meaning I had done more to contribute to the school's reputation and brand than any of their students in my class at that time. For Campo Corratti, this is like halfway to Black Belt in a nine-built system, five out of nine right now. So I got some work to do to get my Cradi up to Black Belt level. It's really the MMA strike in Campo Corratti is, you know, general MMA strike in, not just traditional Corratti. But yeah, that belt was awarded by this blue belt. This halfway to Black Belt is awarded by Leo Do Machita and Glover to share a human Leo on Glover when you overdue training with that. That's right. Which you got. Yeah. That was pretty intense. Yeah. It's a adventure to be training with two UFC champions and have to hold yourself to that standard stuff. It's intense, man. Now I got a few of those. I got a $10 million there from ClickFunnels as a recognition of $10 million from my money Bird Mentorian program, $10 million in sales for that one program. Yeah. Over here we got the $25 million dollar plague. ClickFunnels, really my $50 million. Yeah. Because my $15 million. No, I had this for some time. Yeah, I got my $15 million. And then they slow to deliver in my plaque. So we got to contact them and get that fixed. I should have my $50 million plaque from 2024. So here's the combat center. Right. And tell me about this, this area. But you know, those belts over there, I have put in a lot of work to give those. I've been working on those for over three years. And I started a grappling. I had some of the best coaches in the world to come help you with my grappling, come up with my fighting. And we need a place to do that. So my boxing coach, Polyvon Aashy, Shoutout to Polyvon, was up all the Polyvon's five-time World Champion boxer. Yeah. And he's the one that gave it that name actually. You call it the IIT-Derek. You ready to go to the combat center? So we got no one as the Money Bird Combat Center. Yeah. He gave it that name originally. You got your face on here. Yeah, of course. Do you want to have their face on their custom made? Yeah, man, maybe. Like they don't. I like it. I like it, my face, I don't think. Yeah. I noticed. Yeah, I had noticed. I don't want to over here. Hmm. You know, this is important. These are a little reminder. So like your goals don't care about your excuses. Hmm. If you're a type person that you're more concerned about your excuses, then accomplish in your biggest goals, don't ever expect to accomplish those goals. You know, success enough for everybody. I spent thousands of hours on these sampling mats. You spend a little time over there with me. Yeah, no, I had. Yeah. Yeah, I spent thousands of hours. If, uh, I mean, I got the video of all the people that been in here is like voice gray seed and chuckle the Dell and Tito Ortiz. I mean, the whos who Rich Franklin was here last week, uh, Glover to share Gordon, or high-head, Gordon Ryan's the best grandpa there in the world ever. Mikey, Wilson, Etchy, Jake Shields, Gilbert Burns. You know, the 30 other people I'm not thinking of. I had so many world champions here. Joke and me and pushed in me up in unnatural ways. Yeah. You first two years, you just uh, is it tough time? Yeah. Yeah. It's a tough time. So, you know, this is a huge sauna. Like yeah, I got a couple of them. I got one over in the the me and palace as well. So, uh, this is second. This is second. So, yeah. But I'd like to go from here. We got this sauna and this, you know, very intense red light therapy. Over here, I got a big, soaking tub. So, I just filled that with cold water and throw about 30 pounds of ice in there and have real, I was thinking to be cold, like 38 degrees. Who don't have a illuminated amethyst to their custom ice bath? All right. So, this is the one in the best private gyms I've ever seen in my life. All right. This is better than a lot of commercials in the, uh, been it. So, you better than some that I've worked in. So, tell us what's going on. I got about 30 stations around here. We're um, I just wanted to make everything. Anything that you could want for lifting weights to to be able to put on some good muscle. This one, I'm gonna offend my friend Fex Lewis sent me this. This one's his personal, oh my donkey calf machine. So, he had two of them in his gym in Las Vegas and the dragons later, shout out to Fex Lewis and the dragons later, Jim. Well, you don't want some people who only got one sauna. Hmm. I got a second one right here. Okay. The combat center sauna. Yeah. Then I got this sauna right here. But my favorite thing, my favorite favorite thing is the steam room, straight. The sauna's are great. The cold plunge feels miserable, but you feel great later. My favorite recovery piece is even such, right? Hmm. Besides chairs, it's a different level of luxury. Some people will never know the joys of having a normal people. Yeah. It's not for everybody. Not for everybody. I'm gonna want to click that link and try to band it in an April 20th at 4pm Pacific, 7pm Eastern. We're gonna go through the 10 Commandments of Wealth. You're gonna want to click that link right now. After we go through that presentation and share the 10 Commandments of Wealth with you, we're gonna do a Q&A and answer your specific questions. We think they should do a bigger thing. I think they should click that link. It deserves. If you're not serious, they shouldn't. It's not fair, everybody. Is it for you?