There's lots of videos here on YouTube about how to be productive, but most of the videos are made by people who ain't fucking rich. I'm going to show you my productivity routine that helps me make over $6 million per year. And it's not just stuff I do now that I'm already fucking rich, successful on handsome, but a lot of the things that got me to where I met are things I still do to propel myself to even greater heights. If you watched me on YouTube, you can see the whole rise from starting a small apartment in Queens, making videos, a two of Pin House Condo in Miami, really bawling. During that time I've made tens of millions of dollars. If you implement this, I promise you will see tremendous progress in your life, both financially, personally. And it's going to help with your mental focus as well. Now, if you've been watching me for a long time, you're going to notice that I've said some of this stuff before. That's because it works. I don't have to keep coming up with new, inventive, fantastic shit. If there is some shit, it works. I'm a kid doing a worse, in fact, I'm going to double down on it. And the fact that I've done that and made even more money to more double down on it, cement my allegiance to these methodologies. Number one, you've got to track everything. If you are not tracking, you are slacking. Tracking the progress is one of the foundational things I did to become a multimillionaire in all aspects. And there's a few reason why tracking works. If you've seen this example before, shut up and let's do it again. Because you ain't doing it. Because you'd be rich by now if you work. All right. So a lot of times we'll have goals. This trophy represents a goal. I know I'm in amazing artists. Try not to get too distracted by that. A lot of times people will tell you to just focus on the goal. Focus on the goal. Focus on the goal. The problem with that is a lot of times we can look at the goal and we can think, oh, shucks. I'm so far away from that. And then we get sand. And then quit and discourage. A lot of you guys are there right now. This is you. This is like a picture of you. If you really wanted to hit this goal, there are like actions you need to take to get there. There's a role to this goal. You may think how far that's a role. How to sneak. This role represents actions. If you focus on the actions, you won't be a set. You focus on actions. It's going to be more motivated. Because the all these things you have to do to accomplish the goals. If you focus only on those every day what's going to happen is you'll know that you're going to accomplish it. If you want to accomplish, let's say a weight loss goal. You have to be in a clerk deficit every day. In order to do that, you have to work out, eat a certain amount of calories. And if you do those things every day, you'll hit the goal. Right. And it breaks down to man. So what we wanted to do is instead of looking at the goal, just look at today. What we need to do today, it just work on making a perfect date. And if we can start stringing together perfect days, then we know for a fact we would accomplish those goals. When I'm training somebody, I've been a training for over 25 years. And I can see their macros every day. I can see how many calories they've burned every day. And I can see their in the glory deficit. And if they keep doing that, I know they'll accomplish their goal. It's not hope, it's not wish, it's not luck. I know it's going to happen. Because they're doing the actions, then I have way more confidence. And that's how we are with our goals. If we can just figure out what the leading indicators are, we'll know that the goal is inevitable. So goal is what's called a lagging indicator. This just shows what happened. The actions are what's called a leading indicator, which shows what's going to happen. So if we go back to our fitness example, if somebody's hitting their macros every day, getting enough sleep, getting enough rest, those are the leading indicators. If they're doing it every day, we can see they're doing everything, then we know for a fact they'll hit the goal. We don't even have to look or think about the lagging indicators, the goals, because the leading indicators actually tell us what the future is going to hope. So we have to track the leading indicators, because this tells us the future. So for me, with my goals, I track everything I eat. I'm a cycle about it. I keep a scale with me. I track all my macros all the time. A lot of people say, man, you could still probably be in good shape without doing it. I'm not trying to probably be in good shape. I want to be in me. So I mean, it's an amazing shape. I don't want to leave that the chance. So I go overkill. I track how many hours sleep I get every night. I do that. My ordering does that for me. My ordering also tracks how many calories I burn these days. I track that. I track the metrics in my business and how many leads we get per day. How many sales calls get booked? What's the conversion rates? Because if the sales team has high conversion rates and we get high lead flow, and we know that's happening every day, those are the leading indicators. So we know what those are going to lead to. So the lagging indicators will be, oh, we're going to have a bunch of fucking money. And I'm going to ball harder. I used to do this in spreadsheets, but now I use a template. I mean, an notion. And I gave you guys to links and description. It's called the Victory Vision Planer. So this is one of my from last year. This is my habit tracker. So this is January last year. The thing that I wanted to make sure I wake up before five. I wanted to know exactly how many days we got it. Boom. I checked it off every time I did. You see I did 80% of time. Not bad. It could be better. My sleep. Not time and bad. So the ordering doesn't just track time and bad attracts when you went to sleep. And I look at my sleep. I average six hours of sleep. It could have been better. The lead indicate this is what do you think happened to? Yeah, probably didn't have as much fucking energy as I would have liked to. Working out. I tracked every day I worked out. Boom. You could see I worked at 85% in time. And these were just like the rest days. Eight to three percent. A M M M P M meditation. I tracked how many times I did it. I did it most. I could have did better. Especially with the P M. Right. But 80% I feel pretty good about that. Tracking my macros, though, 100% you know what you know the fucking deal. I tracked how much protein I got per day. average 225. The lead indicate this was going to happen. I would have this month. I'm just going to be fucking muscular. You already know. You know, he's working out and he's his macrower. Calories consumed. I boomed my track that every day and it had to give me average. And then Calories burned according to my ordering. And then I had a formulae that the deficit. So, you know, just the sum deficit. I probably said it did average, but just the sum. So, I was in the deficit this month. Right. And that's why the protein was higher. I bumped my protein up when I'm in the deficit in order to persuade my body to retain more muscle. I tracked how much water I drink each day. The average. This was too low. Right. This was too low. Right. Close. It's more now. I tracked my finances every month. Every day in mid.com or 80% of the days in mid.com. So, I did before mid.com doesn't exist anymore. Now we use mine or in my art. I tracked every dollar I spend and I categorized. And mine or does a lot of it for me. But I can see where every dollar spent goes. Right. So, I don't have no fucking subscriptions. I don't need no bullshit. My personal life end in the business. You can look at the lean indicators and you already know that I'm going to lose weight. And you know that I were going to retain more muscle than I would if I was because I'm getting a high amount of protein. Now, let's go to the social media. You know, you know, build a muscle from me. It's important. We posted a YouTube video 80% of time posted IG feed 74% of the time. The guy who was posting to my IG feed, he got fired for this straight up. That really happened. Because I was looking at the lead. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. It's not over 80% is below standard. So, he got fucking fired. Flex fish. Yeah. I can't tell you what it is. But it's some net. I do didn't make sense of money. Right. I could have did it way better with that. TikTok posts. That was 100% cool. So, we can look at this and see, oh, this guy's probably going to grow his social media. He's fairly consistent. I could have been better, but he's fairly consistent on social media. So, we only have to think about the goal. We know it's going to happen. And if I didn't hit the goal, we know it's actually why. You don't have to read your fucking horoscope. You don't have to go to a gypsy, read your fortune. You know it's going to happen because you can see the actions. Right. And this is some of the stuff I'm working on. Yeah, a practice guitar. I didn't practice as much as I would have liked to this month. I think it was, I don't know what was going on in January. Right. So, you can see I probably didn't. I probably didn't fucking make that much of investment. You know, practice Spanish. This was a minute. Oh, you see. My goal with Spanish was at least 20 minutes a day on average. I did not get that. Right. Your Ablaron Piquito, West Spaniel. Then studying my goal is to average 90 minutes a day. I feel a little bit below that. But you know, read 90 minutes a day. You good. Oh, this is a practice. I can't tell you what this is, but I was practicing something else. It's a secret. That's why I changed it. But you can see, okay, he's acquiring some skills. Right. And leave nothing else. He's learning more. You look at the leaner indicators. Right. Boom. Hours worked. You know what I'm saying? I mean, you know, I'm putting the network average 9.7 hours a day. Now bad. Now bad. You know, some days were more some days were less. Right. These are days that I was doing some else. I didn't see my son as much this week as I liked that kind of fucked me up. But it's so all good. That's the home. I made up for it the following month because he looked. We he lives in a different state. All right. Cryo therapy. I didn't do cryo. This is something that I find helpful. I mean, you know, working on my ring. I didn't go through the range. Then much, this was a busy month. Right. Time has been with friends. Right. Because that's something to support in me. Make sure I spent time with friends. So these, these were the areas that I really kind of lacked in. Right. Time with my girlfriend. I averaged two hours a day. That's super helpful. Right. Girlfriend, not trippin. Like how much was she trippin this month? She was not trippin 90% of the time. Which is a good month for her. Right. So I was proud of her for that. Maybe her be able to stay cops. You only was trippin a little bit. And this was around the time of the month, you know, bleeding season. Then I give myself a rating. It was the quality of my relationship with my girlfriend. I see correspondence with her trippin. Quality of my health. How I felt about my health. Cool quality. My business quality of my life. You know, scale the one to ten. So you give a fence. So I track everything. And I can see when one of the lead indicators starts to lack. Then I like all I need to step it up. And this way I can stay on top of it. But I can also tell the future. All I got to do is look at the lead indicators. And I know exactly what's going to happen. I do this in notion. There's a copy of this. This template where you can use. You're going to have to add the habits that you want in there. But as a copy, it is called the Victory Vision planner. The link in description. There's a video attached to it on how to use it. This is a cheat code to life. If you're not tracking your slacken, but this is why it's important to track stuff. I'm going to show you two studies. This is done by Duke University. And all they had, all they did was have people, they got about the fat boys. Have people had these fat boys track their macros. I'm going to track their calories in my fitness pal for three months. They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't tell me to do paleo keto. They didn't even give them a calorie deficit. They just said, man, don't chase nothing. Just track your macros on me. Just track your calories. And they did that for three months on average. They lost five pounds. News of five pounds is pretty much it's not that impressive. Until you remember, they did not even give them a plan. That's how effective tracking is. I'm sure you're another study. It was published in American Psychological Association and it showed that people who track their progress in any goal were 76% more likely to achieve it than people who didn't. Here's a link to the study and everything you can check it out on your own time. Right? But frequently monitoring progress towards goals increases chance of success by 70%. So it's this not just me talking, this ain't bro science. And it just makes sense. If you don't have a speedometer on your car, how fat how do you know how fast you're going? If you're able to GPS tracking your movements, how do you know you're on the right path? You need to be your own GPS. You need to be on speedometer. Make sure you're going in the right direction at the right speed. And the only way to do that is to track it. Right your goals down and plan them out. People tell me, oh yeah, how these goals. And I asked them about the goals and say, what do you have a plan? And it was like, oh, I got a plan and you have deadlines for every step. And they'll say, no, oh man, oh man, you fuck enough. One of the reasons why I was important to write your goals down. Like physically write them down. There was a study done by this dude named Gale Matthews. And he's a psychology professor at Dominican University. The McKin University is not a college where they study Huka, Mangu, you can major in chant clay to throw away. The thing you read is the college in California. And he did study and found that people who write their goals down are 42% more likely to accomplish them. Here's a link to the study. All right, Dominican University of California. All right. And you can take the city out yourself, whatever you've got to attend. So 42% more likely to accomplish your goals. In fact, I rewrite my goals down every morning. I read that in a bunch of books. When I was younger, I just been doing it and it's worse for me. The victory vision planner. And this is what it looks like to actually plan out your goals. All right. So if you go to the victory, the victory vision planner, you Dallas and Dostan and sampling. And he's, it's called the ambition planner. Here's how I work and then you do it. All right. In the victory vision planner, you have these, you can make these columns. So each one of these should be one of your goals. And this, this is dummy data, right? But the goal, okay, this goal goal, he wants to make a hundred, uh, Cape Remarket revenue. He wants a hundred, okay, you two subscribers. He was a new Lamborghini and he was a loose 10 pounds of fat. Each one of these cards is a step in the plan. The beauty of this is you can set a, you can set the deadline for the plan. So for this, this dude is supposed to conduct his, let's say this is one of the goals. He was the star's YouTube channel. He needs to research his niche, right? It's improgracy and did he get the goal September. I made this one one time with the template on time. Go, let's move it. And let's say, all right, man, he needs to have that done by the six of March. Boom. Now we have deadline for every step where he needs to create a content calendar. He put a deadline for that step. Then he's to have been on the, the third, right? And then what we can do is we can go in here. We can add stuff to the car, right? Anything we need, right? A plan now different content types. As moved as they. Now we have a deadline. This gives us a game plan for trying to accomplish. Right? And if we once with your right more stuff that is we see is not starting yet. Sorry, no problem. Right? And then we can keep track of it. Is it done? What's not started? What's in progress? And this guy wants to get a new Lamborghini, right? Establish post purchase finance in plan. Let's say, oh, that's the first time progress. Let's just move it to socket. So you guys, let's say it's supposed to happen this week, right? And let's say he already started this in progress. Right? It's sure it's in registration. Let's say that's supposed to happen like later on. They're on the month. Boom. We can see everything that's in progress and everything's going. We can plan everything, right? Then we can go to this and you can see all your cards, all your, your steps for every goal. When you hit on the progress tab. And you can see what's not started, what's in progress and what's done. Right? This out. This is what you have a game plan. And you can look at it by this month. What needs to happen this month. And you can see what these have been this week. Right? If if I had stuff for this week, it'd be on here. Right? Let me put some stuff on this week just so you can see it. Right? So this week, this guy needs to do this part. Boom. He needs to do. I'm just doing a random right now. Just so you can see. All right. Let's go to now. Now we go to this week. Now we can see everything that has to happen this week for him to hit all his goals. Right? And if we missed those, then we can change. Did we just move the date? It's totally cool. And you can see the progress for all your goals. Where at what's in progress was going? All your goals. You can see all of them. But you can also, you, let's say you hit on, you put it on this month. All right. These are things I got to do this month. Now you put these in your calendar. When you're going to do them, not to do days, but when you're going to do them. And once you're going to calendar, then you just start following your calendar and you'll accomplish it. Right? Right? This is, you got to have set, not only write your goals down, set them, but you need to have deadlines for every step. And you'll be able to, and this is the way you can like track your progress. This is, this is going to serve as your GPS. You hit this progress tab. And you can see how close you are to accomplish your goals. How far away you are. Right? And from honest man, I look at this once a week. This is dummy data in this one. But I look at this once a week. I got it all planned out. Look at my progress. See what's is. I'll see what has to happen this month. And then I put everything that he do this month in my calendar. Not when it's due, but when I'm going to do it. When I'm going to do it. Right? So let's say this meeting takes two hours. I plan the two hour block in my, in my calendar. Same thing with everything that has to happen this week. The best way to plan goals. Honestly, the Vickory Vision Planner links description. If you want to get this, it's totally free. You know, it's just a notion template that I made for you guys. And there's a video here. There's a video in here on how to use it. There's a little video I have here. I don't know how to use it. You know, our, quote, plan every hour of every day. If you look at my calendar, there's no white space. His whole thing is it's playing out. My life is choreographed every hour of every day. And the reason I do it is because I can get more done in less time. Right? I'm super productive now. I'm not trying to spend enough time with my son. I'm not trying to spend time with my girlfriend on my family. I know that it was going to happen. I'm not trying to get to the gym or trying to find time to get the gym. No, I know exactly. I have everyone going to sleep when I'm awake up. It's the number one hack. And I started doing this before I had money, man. And this is why I have money. Because when I first started, I had multiple jobs. It was during the recession, oh, eight, ran through my father killed himself. I had to think of it a family, but it was also a fucking global recession. Right? And I couldn't get it job. You know how to call this a green. Nobody was hiring a fed. We had record unemployment. But one thing I, if you down to do labor, you can always find some work. So I used to wake up at 4 AM and I would train people. I'll take the train from Queens. The Harlem train people at the newest post-up on 145. And then I would shower there, take the train down to solo. And I would work at security guard in front of the protest store, fucking eight hours. And then after that, I would work for my boys moving company. You know, in the weekends, I woke up early train people and then I managed a restaurant, the story of Queens on a snowy street. But during that time, I was still working on building my business trying to figure it out. Felt time to work out. Still got enough sleep. Why? Because I planned every hour every day in my account. I knew exactly what I lived with the day was choreograph. So even now, I know exactly what I'm going to wake up tomorrow. And the whole day is choreographed. I have a whole video on how to plan the account. Let me just go watch that now because it's going to really break down the perfect time management. It's going to really break down time management in a way that will skyrocket just success. If you take nothing from me, start planning every hour of every day. 90 days from now. Everyone around you will wonder what happened to you. How you accomplish so much this little time. You do this in the next 90 days. I promise you, you will accomplish more in those 90 days and you did the prior year before. Promise you because you'll be able to squeeze more success out of each day. Go watch that video now and learn how to accomplish your goals. Let's get it.