I want to talk to you about one of my favorite books. By one of my favorite people, one of my idols, one of my role models, someone I look up to. The big homie, Ray Dalio, Ray Dalio, wrote a book called Principles. And it's basically half out of biographer and half ideas and principles that have helped him become one of the richest men in the world and to grow the largest, the largest hedge fund of all time, rich water capital. Yeah, I read this book shortly after he came out. Like so much about it again in 2020, I want to break down you some of my main takeaways. And I think they would, they can potentially benefit you. Now, I do suggest you read the book, click the link and buy it because it's a fantastic read. It's broken down into a few different parts. So in the beginning part one, Ray is talking about his life and how he became a ball and ass shot calling ass. My fucking coming one of the richest men of all time and really, I'm building the largest hedge fund ever. He talked about how he lost all his money. Man, this motherfucker had win broke. They had to lay off all his employees and he had the borrow money from his father-in-law to fucking survive for a few months. He went like so broke because he made a big bet on a stock market crash that didn't happen. There's a lot of lessons learned from that. Just imagine that some of you guys are scared to start a website business or spend a thousand dollars on something and this motherfucker lost a few building and had to go to his mama's daddy for some money. That's why I privilege right there. I wonder what happened if I started struggling and I asked my girl's dad for some money. My favorite part is part two of the book where he talks about his life principles. One of the main things is what he called his five-step process. It looks kinda like this. It looked kinda like, mmm. That's good enough. You said what he called all-dacious goals. Are we in a regular goals? I'm gonna live another year. No man. All-dacious goals. I really go for something. That's step one of his five-step process. Follow by. Follow by and it's funny he mentioned this right? Failure. A lot of times people are afraid of failure but where Ray talks about is actually embracing and expecting it as actually part of the process. I mean, so many people who are scared to start a business or scared to do something new or scared to talk to a girl or scared to make post a YouTube video or whatever. They're afraid of failure. You need that failure. It's actually part of the process. Because once you have that failure, then you reflect. Which is part of the learning process. The learning process. I mean, you have to reflect on why you fucked up. Learning the principle. And that's when you reflect on your failure. Then after that step three is improving. You set a goal. You encounter some failures. Maybe some setback. Which is part of the process. Nothing to be scared of. It is actually part of it. Learn from that shit. Then you improve. Then you set more audacious goals. And that's the five-step process. Because according to rain, it should always be doing that. By rolling up. But you gotta keep going through the process. No matter what the fuck you got going on. I just found this super helpful. Because it allowed me not to fear the failure part of it. Because now I understand, oh, this is actually part of the process. You have to encounter failure. You have to encounter subjects. You have to encounter trials and tribulations. And now I kind of be expected. After reading this book, one of the takeaways is, I never expected things to just go easy or things to work the first time I do. I know that I'm encounter some setbacks. But then once you learn from that, that's the only way you can improve. And then after you improve, it can start setting bigger goals. And it's really my favorite part of the book. And Ray went on to talk about his failures. So when he lost all of his motherfucking money and acts that add to us, his daddy and law, for some bread, he said, had not been from what he learned from those failures. He wouldn't have been able to build the biggest largest hedge fund of all time. But it never stops. You're gonna set more goals and you're gonna fail again. You're gonna set for the other game. I'm actually failing all the time. Like I make mistakes. I have setbacks all the time. I had something to do. Right? But I learned from those. I'm in the improving process of the failures I had today. And it's like that would everything. And if you just keep that in mind, it takes away the fear. So if you're scared of failure, just know hey man. Oh, you're supposed to fail, bro. It's not supposed to be easy. You're not gonna set up a big ass goal and just expect it to go easy, man. NASA had fucking spaceships blow up and then explode and it gives a diety shit. But now we send them a fuck as to the moon. They had to learn from those failures. It's like that with everything. It's all this one clip of this girl. She went a beauty pageant in her state. I forget what she stayed. And she tried like 20 times or something. She kept failing over and over again. But then she went back to the drum bar, kept improving. She eventually went and became a misamerica. Had she just gave up after the first time. Instead of learning and trying again, she's never been misamerica. I talk to people all the time and they say, oh yeah man, I tried them. Like how many times you tried? I want to twice. I'm like, well fuck it. It's not enough. To get data, you should be excited to fail. According to the Ray Dalio, it's part of the process. Michael Jordan, he kept going to the NBA playoffs and he can be beat by the Detroit Pistons. It's called the bad boy twist Pistons. He lost some twice in a row. Pistons won a championship. After the second time, he said, man, I'm sick of this shit. And he realized that the way they played basketball, but they were really like, be fucking them up, real physical game and Jordan was skinny at the time. And when he realized after those failures is, oh man, I need to get stronger. And what he do he improved, he hired Tim Grover to be his coach. He put on a bunch of muscle, got stronger, next you know boom, six championships. Right? It was part of the process. Those Detroit Pistons made Michael Jordan. Like, if he wouldn't have been as tough head in that bin for them, you need that process. You know, there's other stuff about the book that's really good, but this is my favorite part. Honestly, I highly suggest you read it. Ray has some other books, but that's the best one. That's the best one. It's one of my favorite books of all time. So that I come back to every time I'm in this zone, I think you know what now and now and now when you lose, when you lose, don't lose the lesson. And you learn the lesson and then you improve and you get back after it and it says some more goals. Have his all the time, it's supposed to happen. You're supposed to fail, you're supposed to get knocked down and you get back up and get after it. Check the book out.