1000 bottles of baby oil and lube. This is one of the reasons why he's denied bail. He probably could have just had sex with him like, consensually, his dude is going to jail. About a year ago, things were a lot different for Sean P. Diddy Cones. He had just received the lifetime achievement award at MTV's Video Music Awards. He also had just received the key to New York City. He was riding around with the key hanging out at the window of his car. He seemed to be on top of the world. What did different severe makes? He has recently been indicted. About a federal government. He's been indicted by a grand jury. The charges include, but are not limited to, racketeering, conspiracy, sex trafficking, fraud, kidnapping, obstruction of justice, and arson, multiple counts of arson. He's alleged of a pattern, a verbal emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. This should read like a supervillain. They needed Batman to stop this motherfucking. And we're going to get into why. Let's read what the feds had to say. This is the indictment. United States, Southern District on New York, verse, Sean Cones, AKA Bob Daddy, AKA P-D-D, AKA D-D, AKA P-D, AKA Love. Alright, enough. Let's read through the indictment. So, for decades, Sean Cones, the defendant abused, threatened, called herst women, and others around him, to fulfill his sexual desires. Protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct. To do so, Cones relied on the employees, resources, and influence of the multifaceted business empire that he led, controlled and created. A criminal enterprise, whose members and associated, engaged and attempted to engage in, among other crimes, sex trafficking, forced labor, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice. Here's the thing that's important to know about this case. Throughout the indictment, they talk about how his employees helped him, commit all these crimes. It wasn't just one man going around, committing all these crimes. Like, he uses employees. And this is going to be very important, because what I believe, this is going to turn into, is what's called a RICO case. A RICO case is our pretty much reserved for, like the mob gains. That's why they keep calling it a criminal enterprise. And when the feds, come at people with RICO cases, they have like a 90% conviction rate. This had to get like my boss's in, and game members. What they're saying is he used his employees to do it. So this is a criminal enterprise, based around, this is who getting super freaky. So Cones manipulated women to participate in highly orchestrated performances of sexual activity with male commercial sex workers. Tell me, I don't know what kind of sick, what fucking you got to be. The higher a male prostitute, I didn't even know those things were real. I thought that she was like a myth. It's one thing to try to get women, try to have sex women. It's another thing to try to get women that have sex women, male bra's. Like this is just a weird and weirder. At times, Cones and others acting at his direction. This is very important as a pertain to the RICO case. Made arrangements for women and commercial sex workers to fly to Lowe Cones location. Cones ensured participation from the women by among other things, obtaining and distributing narcotics to them, controlling their careers, leveraging his financial support and threading the cut them off using intimidation in violence. Jesus Christ, some worship that I found interesting in this. Cones assaulted women by among other things, striking, punching, dragging, throwing objects and kicking them. This is kind of like what we saw in Cassie's video. When he was doing him smash bros moves on her in the hotel room, these assaults were at times witnessed by others including one instance in Los Angeles Hotel in or about March 2016. So that's the video. This is important. Love the defendant used Cones businesses, including certain employees to carry out facilitate and cover up the abuse and commercial sex. That's important. He uses employees. This is going to be a RICO case. They're not just using them for the R word, they're not just using it for some sort of sexual assault. They're saying that he ran a criminal enterprise. This is going to be a RICO case, racketeering. It actually says so in the indictment. Members and associates of Cones enterprise are going to keep saying at every time, right, this how you know they're going to get them on his RICO charts engaged and intended to engage in among other activity, sex trafficking for slavery. In their state transportation for the purposes of prostitution, this is important. In their state transportation. This is why it's a federal charge. Because to get a RICO state, to get a RICO charge, you have to be doing shit. State the state. Otherwise it would just be New York state. But the feds to get involved, you got to be doing shit nationwide. You got to cross state lines with it. And it's very important for the prosecution to actually put this kind of shit in the indictment so they can get the RICO charge going. Like this language was made in a particular way. In their state transportation for the purposes of prostitution, coercion, engaging in prostitution, narcotic offenses, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice. Jesus Christ. They don't get this brother. Check this out. This is why it's in red. The Cones enterprise, not just diddy, the Cones enterprise, constituted an ongoing organization whose members function as a continuing unit. For the common purpose of achieving the objectives of the Cones enterprises, the Cones enterprises was engaged in. And its activities affected inner state and foreign commerce. You see what they're doing. This is a RICO case. This is going to be a racketeering charge. Most racketeering shit is like people moving. Don't state the state. This is going to be a sex trafficking racketeering charge. So then not just going to get him a sex trafficking, they're going to get him as he's running a gang or a mob. Like this, that's like mafia shit. This dude is going to jail. Cones and other members in the society is to the Cones enterprise, wielded the power and prestige of Cones role at the Cones business to intimidate threatened and elure female victims into Cones orbit, often under the pretenses of romantic relationship. This was so crazy about like some of these like crazy guys. It's like under the pretence of a romantic relationship. So it's like they thought they were going to like fuck with Ditty and they were down. That means that they were down to fuck with Ditty. But they wasn't down to fuck with what fucking prostitutes and get drugged and all the other shit. But once they got bored there, Cones then use force, threats of force and coercion cohere. I can't pronounce that word right. Don't fucking. Two calls victims to engage in extended sex acts with male commercial sex workers. I didn't even know that was a real thing. I didn't know those mufflers were really existed. I thought it was like Sasquash or bigfoot. I did not know that these mufflers were real things. You know what I'm saying? But they apparently they exist. With male commercial sex workers that comes referred to as among other things, freak offs. You understand how fucking crazy this is? Imagine. Imagine. One of your boys say, yo man, this is a girl I've been talking to. I think she likes me. I'm a brainer here because she thinks we're going to have a romance relationship. Kind of the right you said right here. I'm just a pretensive romance relationship. But when she get here instead of us doing our romance thing, I'm going to force her to fuck some other niggas. Who I also pay the fuck. That's insane. That's like really insane. It's all alleged, right? But if any of this is true, it's fucking crazy. Like just really imagine it. Your boy gap man is girl I think she kind of likes me. I'm a force or the fuck a male prostitute though. Some people just got problems man. That's like that Bill Cosby shit. Because you know Bill Cosby he was drugging those chicks. But what you got to remember is those chicks came over to Bill Cosby's crib. At night to kick you with them and then drink. He probably could have just had sex with them like, consensually. He was fucking more time millionaire. Famous Bill Cosby. You know back in the days man. He was like the most famous black man in America. He was rich and chicks came over to kick you with him at night and drink. But he said man, she could. I know she'll give me the pussy. But our rather take. That's when he was thinking. He said instead of getting the pussy he rather take it. Yeah. That's fucking insane. Anyway, freakoffs. Freakoffs were elaborate and produced sexual performances that combes arranged, directed, masturbated during and often electronically recorded. I should be laughing because it is victims. I just imagine when your boy tells you man. Yeah this girl likes me man. I'm a flyer. I'm a flyer out. I ain't gonna fuck her out. He tells you he ain't gonna fuck her. He tells you he's gonna. He's gonna hire some male prostitutes to fuck her. And masturbate to it. What kind of crazy shit is that? That didn't say allegedly. I definitely don't want the combs in her prize coming after me. I don't want none to do with the combs in her prize. All right. You know, in a rage in these freakoffs, combs with assistance of members and associates of the combs in her prize. I'm telling you they keep throwing this in here because they're really gonna get them on racketeering charges. And I'm telling you man, when they go after you for that, transport it, that's important to them. Calls to be transported, commercial sex workers across state lines and internationally. This is like this kind of senses, this shit that they're adding, that you notice is that they're really trying to make this a or equal case. It's not just gonna be a sexual assault or arson. It's like, now this is a criminal enterprise. You're saying it, you know, it's as employees it this shit. And they were doing this state to state sometimes in other countries. Freakoffs occurred regularly. Sometimes lasted days and involved multiple commercial sex workers. You get that so crazy way to say prostitute, commercial sex workers. Like are there non commercial sex workers? Are both because sex working for the love? I think those are just people. If you have sex in nagging and pain, I think you just like a human being, but whatever, you know what I mean? Or we act, oh yeah, commercial sex workers. During freakoffs, combs distributed a variety of control of control substances to victims. In part, they keep the victims obedient and compliant. Sometimes unbeknownst to the victim. That's why that's that bill cause we shit. Combs kept videos he filmed of the victims engaging in sex acts with commercial sex workers. They're gonna keep throwing that in man. This wasn't just the homies who wanted those. I'm plus right, these were like these were guys. He paid to have sex with these women. It's crazy. In saying anyway, after freakoffs, combs and the victims typically receive IV fluids to recover from the physical exertion and drug use. You have, listen, I don't know about show, but I never had a so much sex I needed an IV. I never, man. Never, but those these are the sex parties. This is insane. Imagine that's how hard they were going. They needed pharmaceutical interventions after that shit. Cause they were fucking for days. Fucking and taking drugs for days. So much they needed IVs. This is wow. Now here's the thing, remember. The United States government has like, especially on real charges. They have like a 90% conviction rate. Remember in March, they ramps act as homes, collected out of evidence, got on a video's issue. They wouldn't have put that shit in the indictment. If they didn't have evidence of this shit, the feds do not bring shit to trial. Unless they have evidence. Unless they're fucking sure they're gonna get a big conviction. Especially a high profile case. This is different, man. This is different. Especially with Rico, you know, state the state shit. Members in the associate's against again, they keep putting in it. Members of associates of the co-m's enterprises. They facilitate the freak offs by among other things, booking hotels, for the freak offs, stocking the hotel rooms in advance, with required freak offs to plies. Hold up. Required freak offs to the plies. That might be the fucking nasty as senses of her all year. Stocking the hotel room in advance with required freak offs to plies. Including control subsense, baby oil. We're gonna get to that later. Lubricrant, Lubricant, extra linens. Ehhhhh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And lighting. I guess you gotta set them move. You can use regular life for a freak off. Cleaning the hotels after a freak off to try to mitigate room damage. Hold up. Every hotel I ever been. I left that shit fucked up. I never thought about cleaning a hotel room. That's why I don't do Airbnb's. They'd be having rules that you wanted you to make the shit nice. Nah, man, my hotel room is gonna look fucked up. In fact, there was one year while I lived in a hotel. Yeah, I was homeless for one year. I lived in different hotels in man. Because I traveled so much. I was going every week. I was taking, I took like a hundred flights a year. And you know, I was in between homes and I said, well, instead of just getting the fucking place, I put my shit in storage. And I just fucking lived in different hotels. Anyway, it was dope. But one of the reasons I did that, I didn't have the clean shit. No matter how fucked up the place was, when I left, I come back and it was clean. These motherfuckers fucked it up so bad during a freak off that they had the clean before the fucking clean and crew came. Gross. It probably like Spider-Man was in that motherfucker. What a clean, they gave room damage. A ranging travel for victims, commercial sex workers, and combs, two and from the freak offs, reimbursing combs with required supplies, delivering large sums of cash to combs to pay the commercial sex workers, and scheduling deliveries of IV fluid. In or about March 2024, during searches of combs' residents, this one named Ramsex, this crib, in Miami, Florida, and Los Angeles, California, law enforcement sees various freak off supplies, various freak off supplies, including narcotics, and more than 1,000 bottles of baby oil and lube. To people online, when I before I read the actual indictment, they just said 1,000 bottles of baby oil. They did not mention that it was that thousand bottles of baby oil and lube are getting. It was a fucking thousand bottles of baby oil and lube. Listen, after this, they should make it law. Any nicknick. With over five bottles of lube needs to be indicted immediately. We need to look every nicknick. Like you're gonna be put on a list. If you buy more than five bottles of lube, man, you need to be put on some fucking government list. They need to start keeping this shit from behind the counter now. You know what you buy? Like Adville, Colton, Sinus. You got to show them your ID at the farms. So they make sure you not am a fucking math maker. Make sure you ain't about to go breaking bad. They gonna start doing that shit with lube now, man. Behind the farms is take your ID to make sure you ain't a deadler. During, and separate from freakoffs, comes among other things, hit kick through objects and drag victims at times by the hair. These assaults often result in the injuries that took days to heal. Colm also threatened the victims, careers, and livelihoods, including if they resisted participating in freakoffs. He was terrorizing holes, but remember, these were male-processors mostly, I think. I'm sorry, now prostitutes. Commercial sex workers. He didn't have to threaten them, man. He just paid. On more than one occasion, Colm's himself, carried or ranish firearms to intimidate and threaten others, including victims and witnesses to his abuse. This is one of the reasons why he denied bail. He was ready to pay $50 million. You know how bad you got to not want to be in jail to put up $50 million. And they said, now, $50 million. We still, we're not giving this motherfucker bail at all, man. This is a fucking super villain. We're not just gonna let him out at Arkham. They gotta hold this motherfucker down. In or about March, during searches of Colm's residents in Miami, Florida and Los Angeles, law enforcement sees firearms, ammunition, including three AR-15's, the face serial numbers, as well as drum magazine. All right, well, that's just normal Miami shit. That's normal Florida shit. Who don't guys separate AR-15's, right? Members and associates of Colm's enterprises, enable Colm's to get shows victims by following his directions, regarding financial payments to the victims, advancing or suppressing victims career, man, this motherfucker's a super villain, when employees witness his abuse, or others threatening his authority, or reputation, Colm's members of the associates of the enterprise, engaged in acts of violence, threats of violence, threats of financial, and reputation of harm, and verbal abuse. These acts of violence included kidnapping and arson. In addition to multiple occasions, Colm's through both objects and people, as well as dragged, choked, and shoved others. Hold up. Colm's through both objects and people, have you ever thrown a person at a person? I've never seen a person get thrown at a person. Outside of smash bros, one of the fucking almost never get thrown by other people, like almost never. No one's ever thrown me. I've never seen a motherfucker get thrown outside of a delgeo, in real life. However, on multiple occasions, Colm's through objects and people, how strong is this motherfucker? I know why I said he was a super villain, but this is motherfucker of super human strength. He's throwing people at people. I've never thrown a people, and arson, we all heard about him. Blowing up kid cut his car, allegedly. But this ain't multiple, multiple times he out here blown with shit up. Here's the official racketeering and conspiracy charge. This is a reco charge, man. This is a reco case. They gonna get him, it is over. This is why they charge in more racketeering. They listen off some of the illegal activities. He did why he was out here, racketeering. Multiple acts involving kidnapping. Multiple acts of arson. And you gotta remember it, like for him, for them to call it racketeering, it wasn't just him popping the hood of someone's car in the middle of the night, wires should together. Nah, he was paying him, employees to do that. And multiple acts. We only knew about the kid cut his car blowing up. They'd say they have evidence of him doing that shit. Mad times. Multiple acts of bribery. Multiple acts of tapering witnesses, victims, or informants, multiple acts of, you know, tell me, forced labor, multiple acts of sex trafficking, multiple acts of transportation, including travel for the purposes of prostitution and other illegal sexual activities. This is why the kids get involved, because it's shit, but like from state to state. Multiple acts involving possession with intent to distribute. And they really get in this motherfucker, man. Remember they found a bunch of drugs that is crited. They said how many bottles of baby oil on the loo. They said how slippery it was. But they didn't say how many how much drugs they had in there. Yeah. And that's just the first count. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like it goes on. Here's count two sexual, uh, sexual trafficking fraud, transportation for engaged prostitution. This shit goes on and on. This is 14 paid indictment. Listen, if you got some times, if you feel like doing some little light reading, it's available for the public. But this is some real super villain shit. We didn't know when we was dancing to the bingements. We seen more money, more problems. We didn't know. I had to take victory. The song victory of my morning playlist. He was doing all this shit behind the scenes. He's like, you live in a double life. Yo, it's a rap. It'd be really difficult for me to believe that he's not gonna do some serious time. And if I was to make a prediction, I wouldn't make a prediction that he would take some sort of plea deal, so all this shit doesn't come out. Because if he takes his detrial, we're gonna see shit that happened on the video. We're gonna know everything that's on the videos. We're gonna know about all the evidence they have. I think he's gonna take some sort of plea deal. Unless, of course, he wants to clear his name, right? He's a prideful dude, man. I mean, to do all this wild shit, you gotta be crazy. And you can't predict crazy. So he might try to clear his name. But I think it's a rap, anyway, I actually have another video about how I think he went down his path. Because you don't start off on some super village shit that Joker didn't start off being the fucking Joker, man. He had to work his way up to that shit. And I kinda talk about how a lot of people go down these dark paths in a video. I think sometimes success can make you feel invincible. And that's how people start making mistakes. It's very interesting video. I went into the psychology of it. Go check it out right now.