Alright, so we also, the open and ceremony of the Olympics. If you didn't watch it live, then you saw social media's reaction. People were pretty upset because they had an enlomenal peak. They were representing themselves, but they did the shit like the last supper or something. Is that how it would happen? Listen, I'm not on Olympic committee, but I would have advised against that. But I was demoted. Like, I think y'all can do something less blasphemous. How about we just leave a religion out of it and just focus on sports? That's what I wanted it. But the last King Keto's not in charge. So, they did that anyway. You know, now everybody's saying to be super surprised that France did some fruity. I'm not surprised they did some fruity. I'm surprised that they didn't do anything fruity. Like, this France, we talking about. Hey, didn't even bite! And it came through and said, you want the golden thing? You mean that the golden thing? We don't like the Jewish people anyway. They just gave it to them, right? That was super LGBTQ2. Right? They been on this shit. What they be in, baguettes, croissants, and you surprise they did some fruity. I think the part that was black was the whole last supper shit. I don't even know what that was supposed to mean. I don't know why they did that. I wanted to did that. I don't know if you know guys noticed. A lot of times religious people can be like a super enthusiastic bunch. And you know anything about history? You study the crusades. For people of super serious about their religion. Here's what I'm saying to you. They shouldn't have did that. That shit was found. It was stupid, morotic, even. I really believe that. Like, just even if you're not religious, you can probably look at that like any probably shouldn't have did that. Right? But here's what I want to say to you. Because a lot of people I know were super upset about it. And I get it. And they were having a fit man. They later ruined it. I'm boycotting the Olympics. I'm not watching it. I'm not doing nothing. And that's cool if you want. I saw the homie tape friend of the show. Big homie. You know, I know tape says 2018 before the bullguides man. He flew down the Paris and led a protest. You know what I'm saying? I guess it cool. All good. All y'all. I want to present to you an alternative perspective. I'm not saying anybody with anybody's doing this wrong. But you don't have to give a fuck about everything. No, seriously. You got a really thing about what should you give a fuck about? And is this one of them? Here's my criteria about shit I should give a fuck about. One does it affect me or my family? Two does it affect my income in any way? If the answer is no to those questions, I'm probably not going to give a fuck about it. You know what I'm saying? They I think it was whack. I don't think they should have did it. I like it. I definitely grew up Christian. I don't know if I'm Christian or not now. Maybe I'm not because I didn't get pissed enough about this. I don't know. Right. But you don't have to give a fuck. Because there's so much shit that goes on in the world. You can't give a fuck about everything. But your life improves when you stop giving a fuck about things that don't affect you and your family or your money. But if you focus on all of what some sad see fresh people are doing on another continent, that means you're not focused on you, your family and your income. I'm just telling you. I said something to that effect on Instagram. One of my followers he got super upset about this is that it does affect your family. And I was like, how exactly does the opening ceremony of the Olympics affect my family? I've been alive for 42 years. The opening ceremony of the Olympics has never affected my family. Like never. Now once how is this different? And they said, oh man, it's spreading demonic shit. I'm like, oh, y'all believe in the devil. Listen, if y'all believe in priestess, the word superstition, maybe I see your point. That's say Jesus ain't the big homey. I ain't saying that. But you're just how see Ryan Garcia. What do you say? He's just something like F France, F Paris, F the LGB, Eliminal, P. Why two K community? You know what I'm saying? And I'm like, oh man, I'm just not confident that that's opinion. Jesus would take, right? Jesus said, John 87. He was without sin cast a first song. Jesus was talking about forgiveness. Jesus was talking about somebody slaps your face, turn the other cheek. Didn't Jesus say that? Was it Jesus talking about forgiveness? I feel like that's all he was talking about. Now he did start fucking shit up in the church that one time. But we only got one instance of him spas it out. But most part, he was preaching that forgiveness man. He was preaching that tolerance. He was teaching that love when Jesus was on the cross. Being murdered. Jesus said, Luke 2334. Father forgive them. They know not what they do. While he was being murdered, I don't know if he would agree with some of the stuff that people were saying like the homey. Garcia, yeah, he said, burn and hell. T people, I don't want to say it. You're saying that over some sassy dudes playing dress up. But why Jesus was being murdered on the cross. He was saying father forgive them. Right? So I just feel like as Christians, it's okay to not like it. It's okay to voice your opinion if you want. But when it goes to burn and hell. Well, all that stuff, that's not what Jesus was on, man. Like that's not Christianity. That's not Christlight. You feel me, it's okay to not like it. And it's okay to have an opinion. But when you start hating people, Jesus said, turn the other cheek. Jesus said, he was without sin. Can't stop first stone. How the young is that? Jesus was being murdered. He was dying on a cross. And he said, father forgive them. They know now what they do. And y'all talking about hate these people, kill these people over some, some say that's the fridge guys playing dress up. I'm just saying that wasn't Jesus as messages. If you actually read the Bible, that'd be my problem sometimes when Christianity thinks, I don't know the Christian on those read the whole Bible, cover the cover. That doesn't wacky shit in there, I'm because especially the first half. I ain't go lie to you, man. What Jesus is like the words of Jesus killed them, that's like some of the religious to ever read. Matter we in the A.D. man, we turned into the other cheek. All that I for an I she that's old school man. That was Moses Solomon. He's in. We over here. We turned in cheeks, man. Right? He was thou sin. Cast the first stone over here. Now that's the new type. You know, father forgive them. They know not what they do. That's the kind of time we're on now, man. So when I hear all the hate coming for someone did some, you don't like. I just don't think that's what Jesus would do. I'm just being honest. I'm not saying you can't have it. I'm not saying you've got to like it. I'm not saying you can't protest. But when I hear the hate, that's when I'm like, I mean, Jesus just wasn't on that. He wasn't on that kind of time. You know what I'm saying? Like Jesus was literally not on that kind of time. Why he was being murdered. He said father forgive them. They know not what they do. So just keep that in mind. When you tell them the teeth, people would burn and hit it. Oh, it's like Jesus wasn't on that, man. When you say that shit, the Jesus managed to burn the hill, right? Jesus was probably looking at Jesus like, yo man, if you ain't sin, cast thou, Ryan, few ain't sin. I don't know. I'm not saying I like it. I'm not down with all that. I thought it was whack as well. However, father forgive me, no matter what they do. Y'all spasin out a little too hard for some sassy boys playing dress up. I'm gonna be honest with you.