In this video, I'm gonna show you how you can get rich. And this is the real game. Oh, how to get rich. I'm not gonna sell you nothing. I'm not going to try to get you to join my webinar. No, shit, like that. This is 100% I'm gonna give you all the games. The reason I have to give it in this format, because this is nice and f***ing sick. Oh, it's not gonna be easy. You want an easy way to get rich. If you want to get rich, quick, skiing. You want to look somewhere else. Right? If you find it, though, let me know. Cause I've been looking for one of these motherf***ing for, what is it? 40 years now? And I haven't found one. But I've seen a lot of people get rich. I've got rich and this is exactly what I did. And I'm gonna break it all down for you step by step. Now, I'm assuming that you are a broke. And you started from nothing. I'm assuming that you don't have no skills, no money, no connections. Maybe even no degree. I'm assuming you ain't got shit. You're just a poor, bro, b***. Searching around the internet for ways to make money. And you found yourself here. If you've got any of those things, this is gonna be a little easier for you. If you don't got them, that's cool. This is the game plan. This is what I did and this is what you're gonna do. This is not easy, but it works. And it will work for everyone who does it. But almost none of y'all gonna do it because most people fucking suck. The average American only has a thousand thousand in a bank account in his 17 pounds overweight. Well, fucking fat losers. And they're fucking greatest country of all time. And during the greatest time to be alive. And the only reason they can stay alive is because we have a social safety net. That's most of y'all. First step, in getting rich, is you're gonna start working 80 hours a week. Let me explain this to average American. Makes somewhere around $60,000 a year. But according to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, the average American only fucking works about 38 hours per week. So we're gonna fucking double that and you should be able to double your income. And when I say work 80 hours a week, if you got it, you're gonna get a second job. We're gonna start driving Uber or Uber Eats or doing deliveries or doing something. You shouldn't start in no business if you broke right now. You're just gonna fucking work. We're gonna trade time for money. Because one thing broke my fucking's hat is time. And you're gonna trade that for money. Initially, you're gonna just work as much as possible. Get jobs on a weekends, part time jobs. I wish I had the opportunities that you guys have now. It's 2007 right before the financial collapse of 2008. My father, he blew his brains out, shout himself in the head. And I had to take your whole family letters with nothing. It's set up a bunch of fucking debt and a bunch of motherfucking problems that now I have to solve. I'm the man in the family now. I'm only 24 years old at this time. Even though I had a degree, I couldn't get in a fucking job. I couldn't get a good job because nobody was hiring. We had record unemployment. Companies were going out of business. It was the worst recession since the great depression. Instead of being a fucking punk and crying, I know it was a recession. I just fucking worked. I wake it up at 4am. I was training people in the morning and I shouted at the gym or security at the proudest store for eight hours after that. I worked for a moving company right now. It was five days a week. And on the weekends, I woke up early, train people. And then I was the weekend manager of a barbecue restaurant. I did that shit between 12 and 14 hours a day, seven days a week or like two years because I refused to fucking be broke. And that's what you guys need to do. Right? If you're fucking broke and you ain't got no skills, no connection, no money. If you do got time, you need to invest all that time in the fucking coming up. The reason we want to start working more, normally they get in rich is you make more money than you spend and invest the difference. If you do that over a long enough period of time, you will get rich. For example, if you were to invest $2,000 every month, into an S&P 500, which has a annual return of around 10%. After 20 years, you'd have $1.3 million. Now, if you wanted to get that million in dollars faster, then you could have to either put in more money every month and or pick a vehicle that gives you a higher return. We'll talk about some different ways later in this video. First, you need to do before we even get there. You have to make more money you spend. So you're gonna be working 80 hours a week. So get doubling your work. You should be able to double your income. Or maybe even more. Because those two years that I was working 12, 14 hours a day, I made over a hundred grand every year. Working fucking those blue collarish ads jobs. You should be able to double your income. That key is to not raise your expenses. Now, I was not the time to start buying fucking diamonds and APs and shit. You still a broke boy. You just make it some money. We're trying to get some real fucking dope. So we're gonna be investing that money. But you have to make sure you do not increase your standard of living. If anything, we need to lower expenses. So the next step you have to do is start tracking every dollar you spend. If you watch videos from me from like fucking 10, 12 years ago, I used to talk about tracking every dollar I spend in mid to dot com. That shit went out of business. So now I use this shit called Monarch to track my expenses. They don't pay me no money to shout them out. It's just the best sacrifice. However, I will take the fucking money if you got damn nerds. I listen it. I then shouted you out. It's like 10 fucking videos now. Where I look at it, you motherfuckers owe me some motherfuckin money. And I'm gonna come collect. You'll start tracking every dollar you spend. You can hook up all your accounts to it, all your credit cards, all your debit cards. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna start tracking your spending. Make a game out of lower in it. So you want to cut all unnecessary spending. If you any subscriptions you have, you don't need motherfuckin Netflix. Xbox game pass fucking cornhub premium. Whatever the fuck you got going on, cast with that shit if you don't need it. We want to lower expenses. Now, check this out. We doubled our output. Or right now we're still only training fucking time for money. Remember the formula. This is the fucking baller formula. Make more money you spend and invest a difference. That is the baller formula. The next step is you have to save six months of expenses. Reason you want that motherfuckin safety net to deploy against the shit we bout to do. And it should only take like six months, fucking half a year. Hey, no time. It sounds like forever you, but hey, no time. It takes a baby longer than that to get born. So six months you should have enough savings to not upgrade your lifestyle motherfuckin. Don't buy no new shit. And in fact, you should be selling shit. After you have six months of savings, now it's time to start investing. You're gonna keep working 80 hours a week. And you're gonna use that extra income to invest in some sort of skill that can shift you from making money from your time, from making money for your results. This is gonna be either a job or a business that's results based instead of time based. Business you start is gonna be results based. But you can also get jobs that are results based. For example sales or something like that. If you're doing sales, you get paid commission. And that's results based because we need to get out of time for money. Cause when you change the time for money, there's a limit all how much money you can make cause there's only so many hours in each day. But results when I pay somebody for results, I don't really give a fuck how long it took them to get it. As long as I get it for example, Nima, he edits the videos. He's independent of contract. He got his own video production shit. And I'm like, yo, edit the videos. Help me. And then he starts explaining to me, Oh, so I'm gonna do it like a man. Stop, I don't care how it happens. Just edit it. I don't care if it takes some fucking five minutes or five days. As long as I get to shit and he's got other people doing shit, making thumbnails and I don't even know these nigits. And I don't wanna know. Hey, you edit this video. I hope we've never meet. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is not important to me, to report is the results. Name is he, because he's paid by results. I don't care if he does anything, as long as I get what I fucking need. You know what I'm saying? We're gonna move into some of this resource base. I'm assuming your goofy ass ain't have no fucking skills, connections, education. After you have six months of savings, you need to immediately start investing into your skill set, you know, sales, video editing, buying ads, encoding, or some shit. I'll fuck the same program, I'm gonna be doing that in 10 years. Maybe don't go there. The robots are coming for an acid first, but you can move into an industry either a job or a business where you can start exchanging results from money instead of time from money. My sales team, they pretty much work the same amount of hours. Some get paid more because they get better results. There's no fucking ceiling. How much money they can make because they just get paid by results. I was talking to them today. My sales team and I had them set their goals for how much money they wanted to make. I want to make $20,000. Another one said $30,000. I was like $40,000. I'm like, yeah. Yeah. I would love to pay you. My fuck is $40,000. I would love to pay you. I would love to pay you. I would love to pay you. If I'm able to pay them that much, that means they made a whole bunch more for the business. Sometimes a job that's resolved to the base is better than having your own business, depending on the person. If you have your own business, you have to do all the marketing. You're responsible for the product or service. You're responsible for the customer service. You're responsible for the sales. You're really responsible for everything. To have something like a sales job, you're only responsible for one thing. You have all the upside of entrepreneurship. Like my sales guys can pretty much make their own schedule and they can call their own shots. They can make this no cap on how much money they can make. But they only have to do one thing. I had to be in charge of all of this and that's what it's like for entrepreneurs. So you have those two pets. You can either move into a job as a resource base or you move into a business which is, you know, any entrepreneurial devil or as 100% resource base. You want to start investing in that skill set. That means courses. That means books. That means hiring mentors. For disclosure, I fucking mentor people. I feel people make a lot of money. I'm not trying to sell you the mentorship, right? I'm just trying to sell you the idea because I wouldn't be where I am without the mentor. Soon, this is what I was doing. You know, my first business was online training and I was like, fuck, I don't know how to do that. I had to learn video editing. So I had to buy courses on how to edit videos. I didn't have the money for a good computer at the time. So I had to, I had to, I had to fucking learn how to make computers. We didn't have click funnels in Shopify and all this shit back then. I think courses in classes on how to build websites. I had to build my first website. I was coding that shit with HTML. And then when I finally started making some progress, I actually hired mentors. One of my first mentors was a do-name, Elliott Holes. He was one of the first fitness YouTubers who wasn't a fucking dork to get to a million subscribers. He was fucking have black and from the hood. So I was like, I related to one. And I paid him the mentor me. Then I paid his business partner's mentor me too, right? So I'm a big believer in mentorship. It's short and it's your learning curve, right? Because experience is the best teacher, but it doesn't have to be your experience. So you want to start investing yourself. And you can do this as you start your business or as you start moving into the job. You still keep the other job. So you might be working fucking more than 80 hours a week. I was working 80-ish hours a week. Sometimes more. And my other jobs. While I was starting my business on a side. And you may be thinking, how the fuck did you do that? Did you sleep? Were you able to work out? I don't want to sacrifice my health. In order to have enough time to do all this shit, you're not going to sacrifice your health. You're going to sacrifice almost everything else. You're going to start really planning every hour of every day in the calendar. And I started doing this. And I was using Google Calendar. That's what I use now. Still to this day. I plan out every hour of every day. Most people waste way more time than they think. There's 168 hours in every week. You can still sleep eight hours a night. All right, that's 56 hours per week. You've still got 112 hours left. If you work 80 hours, still 32 hours fucking left. And I know, yeah, you got to use the bathroom. You got a fucking eat food and shit, man. But shut the fuck up, yeah. 32 hours. You can fucking make some progress. I know because I fucking did this shit, man. I'm not making this shit up. I promise you, if you start planning every hour of every day in your calendar, you will be amazed at how much extra time you have. And you really noticed how much time you wasted. We're going to start deploying that time against our goals. We're not going to sacrifice our health. If you've got a family, don't sacrifice your family. The one thing we will sacrifice is all the other shit. Because during this time, what I wasn't doing was my fucking bullshit going to parties, chasing hosts. I wasn't watching sports. I wasn't going on vacation. I have video games. Wherever you want to fuck is due. All I have was time and energy. And I deployed all of it against my goals. If you picked a rope to have a job, it might be a little easier. Maybe you'll keep your other job. Your main job is bring you income. And if you get a job in sales or something like that, something that results base, you deploy the other time against that 80 hours is the minimum you should be working if you trying to get rich. I never seen nobody get rich. I've just 40 hours a week. Like I just never seen it. That's should don't even happen in the movies. Like we ain't never seen a movie about a month, fuck a working 40 hours a week. And then he gets rich and famous. Now remember, the baller formula, make more money than you spend and invest the difference. You're going to keep investing in the business, right? And you don't want to go full time into your business until you have two things. One, you have six months of savings. Put aside. You'll be able to take more risk. And you'll be able to take those risk confidently because you know, I can always fall back on this. The second requirement you gotta meet is your side hustle or business needs to be making as much as your job. For example, for me, I had like four different jobs. And I was starting my own life in this business. And my business was making enough money to replace one of the jobs. I stopped at the first one was a moving company because that was like fucking difficult. Full body workouts every day. I didn't work less though that time I was spending with the moving company, I put into my business. So now I'm putting more money into the business and it became more lucrative. And I was able to quit working in security. I still kept my weekend job and I still trained people as the business may more money. I was able to quit another job. So your business has to replace the income from the job. You don't start working less. No, you still work 80 hours a week. You just put all that into your business so it keeps becoming more lucrative. The very first investment is you're going to make is into your business. And the reason why is because it's going to give you the highest return. For example, when I was building my business, I was not investing in fucking stock market, crypto, real estate, and then I shit. I learned Facebook ads. I was another skill I had to learn. Right? Because remember, I kept learning skills. Learning new skills with Facebook ads was one of the skills I learned. I was like in my account. I'm like, oh, man, I'm getting two three X returns on my ads, man. I should just keep putting the money there. Well, like, I'm not going to fucking double triple my money and fucking crypto in a month. So business will always give you the highest return. However, it's the riskiest as a general rule. Higher returns equal higher risk as anybody who made money off of a mean coin. So because business has higher return is risk is right? It's the risk is as much as it's important to keep learning and keep building your skillsets so you become better at it. It's business keeps changing competitors are aggressive. And you want to always keep improving learning more. So keep investing your business, keep investing your education. You can invest in stocks whenever you want. If you had a job, you can do that immediately. If you just picked a results based job and you can do that immediately. If you picked a business, I think you're going to get the best returns in your business. However, even though I said I was in two three X returns, I couldn't just keep pumping money into it, right? Because there's a scaling limit limitations. So anybody who runs ads know, if you fucking pump the budget up too aggressively too fast as become less profitable, it like breaks it. That's one thing. But also, even if I could properly run up the ads, this still supply chain issues. For example, first of all, my online fitness company then I started a supplement line. For the supplement line, the ads would work. However, we had to make sure we had enough inventory. We came make sales and we don't have the fucking product. It takes time for the extra to get manufactured. And then so the margins of work you have to spend a shit load of money to buy a whole bunch of product. So the price goes down. Also, as you scale, you got to build your team. You can't just evenly pump money. So I got to the point where I couldn't put as much money as I wanted to into the business because we just had supply chain issues and scaling limitations. And that's when I really started, the first time I'm portfolio, that's when I started really investing in the stocks and real estate. Again, we have not gotten to the point where we increase our living expenses. We still keep our living expenses as low as possible. A luxury, don't get bought from money. We make work and it comes from our passive income. Not our earned income. Our earned income is money. You make fucking work and grind. The passive income is money you make from investments. Once you've kind of hit the ceiling of how much you can spend on your business and you start diversify, you can do that earlier if you just have a job. Now, you're still investing your skillset, but you can start investing in early. If you've got a business, you're going to get the best return of your business. So then we start investing into real estate and stocks. And then use the profits from your real estate and stocks to fund your life sales. That's when I really started increasing my standard of living. It wasn't in until I was a fucking million in it. A multi million here in the United States. Let me start buying nice watches, fucking jewelry, design or shit. But I was doing that with the money I made for my investments and not the earned income. Because you want to think of every fucking dollar as ammo in the world at your rate, wage, and against poverty. And you don't want to waste the bullets pretty maturely. It's like, it's like a sea. The first negative ever star ball was like a caveman or some shit who decided to plant the sea instead of eating. Right? He delayed the gratification. Nick is probably thought he was crazy. He was like, yo man, you put in the seed. He was even seas. Egg bang. No. Look at this motherfucker putting the seas in the ground. Fuck wrong with you man. Yeah. He was like, no, I'm a plant these seas. And next you know I'm gonna have trees. And these trees going bare fruits. Be my family off these fruits. I think it. All right, whatever man. We won't go hunting gather some more. Right? And they kept hunting the gather. This motherfucker started agriculture. He delayed it said to eat in the seeds. He delayed gratification. And he invented agriculture. Because of that motherfucker, we were able to build fucking cities and civilizations. We didn't have to fucking hunt and gather everything. You got to do the same shit with your money. You wanna look at that money, plant that seeds somewhere, and then you live off the fruits that as seed. But if you fucking eat the seeds, you won't stay broke. And that's how I made my first million. Are you got to stay disciplined? Make more money you spend in best the difference. And that's the game plan. That's the structure of the investments. Here's the thing though. This is the part that's gonna piss you off. It's gonna take about 10 years, right? I don't know exactly what I became a millionaire. I remember being 34. So I think it was around eight years. Eight years of working 80 hours a week. Making more money I spend in invested difference. Coming from like the fucking bottom right out the recession. Had to take your to a whole family. And I did it. But it was just consistent work. 80 hours a week. Keep expenses low. Making more money you spend in invested difference. Now, when you're now motherfuckers see me with all the shit, they don't know man, they took fucking 10 years of planting the seeds. And then this is the harvest in that shit. That's the key. You will get rich. Even if you wanted to take the slow route. $2,000 a month at S&B 500, you'll have $1.3 million in 20 years. All right, that's the slow route. You want to speed it up. You make more money. You should have way more than $2,000 if you work in 80 hours a week. And then to have an investment vehicle against a higher return is your own business. My first business was online training. And now I teach people to start doing a lot of fitness business I've taught over 15,000 people how to build successful full time on my fitness businesses. I've only got about 10 students who their fitness business is making over a million dollars a year. I did 15, right? But I've just like, thousands who have gotten to over six figures per year. If you want to learn more about a starter, I won't want to lie fitness business. I got a free book called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. It's 100% free. And it really breakdown what it looks like to be online trainer. And you see if it's right for you. Because you may read him like shit. I don't want to do this shit. If you love fitness, you love helping people accomplish their goals. You might find it really rewarding. Like, I didn't feel like work to me. It still doesn't feel like work to me. Because I enjoy fitness. And I enjoy helping people make transformations. If that sounds like a business, you can get excited about the melody book and learn more about it. All right?