You know, I hear a lot of guys saying you should stop watching pornography. They don't give you all this research about how porn is killing your brain. Maybe, right? You know, if it's a problem, then you got to figure out how to stop it. And I can go over some ways to stop any addiction. I'm breaking up some porn from now every now and then. So good, baby. For me, but it's not like a problem. If you are asking strangers online, how you can stop watching pornography, maybe it is a problem. I never even thought about stopping. You know, because it's not a problem. You know, and I'm not sure I'm saying it's good or bad. It's one of those things where it's a life. I made millions of dollars accomplished all my life goals and I'm still out here crushing life. And I'll be watching some porn, man. Yeah, I've been distracted for me. First, you got to know what was the problem. I don't know if this is true, but I feel like a lot of these guys on the internet tell you to stop doing shit or telling you to do shit. But in that, the thing that's going to improve your life, for example, and so you got to go this trophy represents the goal. Now, to accomplish this goal, it is some access you have to take. I just feel like things are only a problem if they prevent you from taking these actions. For example, let's say the goal was to lose 10 pounds. A pound of fat equals 35 of the calories. So if you are in a 500-clorid deficit every day for a week, right? So if you burn 3500 calories, you'll burn a pound of fat. You know, say every day for 10 weeks, then you accomplish the goal. It's going to work for all mammals, young people, adults, chipmunks, dolphins, all mammals that are to work for, right? And it wouldn't matter how much fucking porn you watch. It wouldn't matter if you made your bed or not. It wouldn't matter where your horoscope said, or really when you think, is this thing stopping you from accomplishing your goal or not? Or is it just some shit that people are saying? I can't tell you, right? You gotta tell us, maybe some of you guys have some problems with porn that I'm not pretty too. I have an experience so I don't want to diminish any issues you might. You guys may be having fun. But if it's stopping you from getting this cloric deficit or whatever your goal is, right? This is just an example. You're going to be in, is this stopping you from doing the things, taking action, that you accomplish goals, and yeah, you need to quit doing those things. If it's not, then fuck it. Focus on the things that help you get accomplished your goal. You can understand, but really focus on those and only those. But if it is stopping for those goals, how do you stop yourself from doing it? The reason anyone does anything is because they're moving towards perceived pleasure or away from perceived pain. This objective reality and then there's subject of reality. Objective reality is like, you know, what's happening in the world. Objective reality is how you experience reality. So these are perceived things, right? So in the time when you're all horning and you want to watch the porn or whatever, you have to get it popping, lighting candles, man, take yourself on a date by yourself some roses. Whatever it is, when you're doing that because you're thinking about the perceived pleasure, or your brain is wired that way. We have to change the association. Really, the way I only know the change the association is the list of hate and the list of great. Right down, all the reasons why these things are bad for you. Whatever it is, you're trying to abstain from. And then, right down all the benefits that you will receive from abstaining from mistakes. And if you do that, what happens over repeated exposures, it doesn't mean that you change your association with pain and pleasure. And then you'll start to associate negativity with this. You just, it's like a form of hypnosis, right? Over time, you'll start to associate bad things with that. And then it won't, you will need as much discipline. The truth is, man, when you're trying to abstain anything, discipline is school, but we want to get discipline out of the equation. Because I don't care who you are, discipline alone is going to fail you sometimes. We want to discipline to be the last resort. So the one way you do that is to start changing your association with pain and pleasure. That's going to take time and repeat it exposure. So anytime you want to abstain from something, you need to increase the friction. For example, like your bitch is really fucked with your boy. And when I got a girlfriend, I was said, man, I don't want to cheat on her. I want to make it even impossible. So it would be so difficult. So first thing I did with my girl moved in without her asking, I gave her the location on my phone, right? So now let's say I wanted to cheat. And now I got a fucking figure out some genius way to do that shit. And it'd be too much friction for me to even go after it. Like that. That's what I did like day one. I'm not tempted to do it, but in the event that you know, fucking Kim Kardashian or somebody DMs me and says, yo, I'm in your city, pull up that not as friction. It'd be easier for me to say no because of the friction. Another reason I'm like one of my favorite things to eat is ice cream back in the day. I have an ice cream in the low-top, but when I wanted to quit doing it, there was no ice cream in the house. Not to still go get some ice cream right, but there's more friction than just walking in my fridge. With the pornography, you have to figure out a way to increase the friction between you and the poor, right? And what thing you could do? And it's like, in an obluckers or you can install some shit. There's apps you can install on your phone or on your computer. There's actually blocked those sites. You can get a rattle, but now there's friction involved. Third thing, you have to replace this habit with something else. It's difficult to just quit a habit, right? Because now you're fucking bored. To sit you obviously love, you can't do it in the war, so now it's like a loss almost, right? They do it with that loss, make it difficult, but if you replace it with something, so you got to find things, almost like have a list of shit to do. When you feel that urge for porn, like have a list of go-to shit, you know, go for a run, take a cold plunge, half sex with a woman. That might work, right? And have a go-to, and when you get those urge and that urge gets strong, it's not to let me funnel this energy somewhere else. Now here's the thing, these other things, you want to decrease the friction, right? So if you want to replace it with cold plunge, get a cold plunge and you'll create. Right? So you can just fucking fuck, you don't want to jack all of you, just rip your shit off and jump in the cold plunge, right? Decrease the friction, and things you want to do, for example, this studio, it's set up all the time. Like the lights in here, the cameras, and shit, we don't have to set up every time you want to film or do the podcast. I want it no friction, so I dedicated a room on my house to doing this fucking podcast. And the cameras, literally, even if we film outside of this, we got different cameras for that. Because I want it so I can just sit down and get the work. So there's literally no friction between me and recording these videos and doing the podcast. That's it by the side, right? And that's why I put out a video on YouTube every day, because it's no friction for me. And then the final thing you can do, it can't be trying to quit or doing it sometimes or doing it every once in a while. It's got to be like, you don't do it at all. For example, like when I stop drinking, I didn't like, I'll only drink sometimes, I just quit drinking. And it was easier. Absidence is easier than doing things in moderation. Because when you do things sometimes or you treat yourself with this event, you like teasing yourself a little bit. And you have the crave as to do it. When you have a cheat day or go, you engage in this thing that you're trying to abstain from, it's not like you did the thing once. I only did it once, it's not like you went once this month. Wait, once this month. You were trying to stop doing it and you gave up once this month and then you had to restart and restart as a hardest part. But if you just say, I don't do this no more. Are you draw a line in the sand? It becomes easier, like something switches in your brain. You notice somebody, I know I don't lose their name out of it, but they want it to drink less. That is looking like, all right, many good luck. You know, I don't want to crush nobody's drink. But they keep going back in the drink in a lot. They're drinking less for a little bit. Then they say, okay, how deserve this. I can drink this one. The next thing that they drink, they fucking drunk again. And they say, yeah, I mean, you're going to have to quit because you got a problem. Right? This is only for things you got a problem. I'm not telling you not to drink, do whatever you fucking want. Right? You got a problem home. You can handle it. So don't do it at all. Like, I don't eat candies or sweets or nothing because I'm at eat that shit. You know, I don't have step on doodin' and halfway. So I just don't do it at all. Sometimes being extremely is easier to do with things moderately. Because you're teasing yourself every time you give yourself a little one of these little things. Right? And you weaken your dissonant. Then the first step by associating pain with doing a thing in pleasure or not doing a thing, when you do the thing, you're going to feel bad about yourself. Yeah, I know somebody who has a problem with gambling. Like he hates himself a little bit when he get he ever was, because he knows he got a problem, but he is just quit. But he can't because he's doing it. He's trying to do a moderately. I should have the word. You got a fucking cut the cord, homie. Right? If it's a problem for you, you got to take different kinds of action. I mean, you got to like unfollow these, these chicks. Like you can take action. To, let's have a whole video about who are going to more depth about quitting bad habits and starting new ones just to check that shit out. You know? Bye.