You should be preparing a sandwich for a male who's superior to you. Put some titties on it on the on the gram, man. You'll be out there. I can't really tarnish your woman's legacy because no one cares about a woman's legacy. Marry. You give a lot of day in the vice. Yeah. And one of the things you say is type of women you should avoid. Maybe it's type of women you should avoid. You should date. We put together a tier list right here. Boom. And we got you know S tier A tier B tier D tier right. And we just got different kind of chicks. We kind of ranked them by profession. You know so we got OF girls, nurses, would drivers teachers you too. It's a bunch of a. So we do OF girls, man, what would you place them? Only team. And do you want to matter? Is he gonna tell me more about that bottom of the tournament? What? Why is that? So. Got many to understand it. I know we're laughing about it like for the guys out there. Because there are guys out there that actually think like, Oh yeah, no, if you and girls can be. She doesn't have sexual and care. I'm wrong, right? Yeah. It just does be puny picture. Yeah. It's not about what she actually post. So that is a component of it. Yeah. It's the fact that she's okay marketing herself. Sexually for monetary compensation every month. Yeah. That's the issue with only fans. So I don't because a lot of guys pay a lot of attention. Well what kind of content is she post? Bro the fact that she's on a website and the first place is terrible. This the way we reflect on me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I need to grow it. Okay, let's go. Let's say she goes Bible study. Let's assume the best. Like she literally has an only fans, right? Where she's reading the Bible whatever. And she's not a thought through a four. It's still a bad look. Just because he's not. Exactly. Like people find out all your girls on only fans. It doesn't matter if she's a virgin and a good girl. The optics alone is going to hurt you. Yeah. And I've always said like, you know, if a man does some fuck shit to his girl and his girl stands by him, she's not losing no status. If anything, she's going to be revered. Now you're so strong. Yeah. Look at Kobe Bryant's wife. Yeah. Remember when that should happen, like when he got accused of the rape in Colorado, that can like 0405. His wife stuck by him. And now look, she's respected philanthropists like people over. Higher-prevriting, right? But you look at what Smith you get that earlier. Come on man. Girl does some bullshit. No one remembers I am legendary anymore. I won't even remember. I don't want to. Ever since the fucking, what did he say to him? Tuesday to take him and tanglomans. And tanglomans. Dude, did he say that? I was like, I'm done with those. Yeah. You know, I'm so a woman can ask me to turn his shaman like a see what? You know, a man can't really turn his shaman. He's like a see because no one cares about a woman's like a see. We're going to be honest. Howdy gives a fuck about her title or how much money she makes or her career. Like nobody cares about that. Yeah. Get back in the kitchen. Yeah. Anyway. Okay. All right. All right. And now what about nurses? Where we put nurses? See, this one's tricky. Yeah. Because it depends on what kind of nurse they are. But what I will say is most of the time is pretty problematic, especially traveling nurses. So I'll see. I'll see. Tim, Tim, Tim, you. Why? So a couple of different reasons. Number one, the nurses typically have to have some higher education. Women have higher education. They're more likely to be three or four. Really? What is that? It's already again, the college experience. You know what I mean? Like, just be thoughts. And then I'll talk about that. The other one. The ones of happening is they start ending up being groupies for the doctors and the physicians assistance. And the other men that are our higher status than her in the hospital. Ah. So they start being thoughts in that regard to especially traveling nurses. Really. You heard a lot of wild stories about them. Yeah, man. And they have some girl travel. I've heard this verbutation. Yeah. And it's time girl travel. Same thing with travel agents. Like, excuse me. Flight attendant's. Play me on some thought shit too. Yeah. Because women are less sexually discriminated when they're traveling. And they know that there's not going to be negative backlash or ramifications for their promiscuity. Okay. And their ability to travel and be in a different zip code one day and another another day. Really allows them to act like a whole with impunity. Whole with impunity. Whole with impunity. All right. What about Uber drivers? Like, this is. This one is kind of middle of the road. Because like, you can deal with some Uber drivers that like, they might just be trying to make a buck and you know, they don't want to do anything sexual to do it. Yeah. Low scale or something like that. So it depends. But I would say be. Beater. Me neither. Yeah. Have you ever ever seen a hot Uber driver one time? Yeah. I think that's the only thing like one. One way before I had a girlfriend. Yeah. Yeah. I actually like, we're seeing her for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to first time I thought, a Pima Uber driver. I was like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. That was a crime. I said it's a female. I cast like. Seriously. I'm serious man. But I'm not trying to die. I don't want to catch a drive. Well, that's probably a smart movie. Yeah. It's like no bad. She's a female. No man. There's no benefit to this. And I pull my life with in peril. Yeah. No. That makes a lot of sense, man. Ooh. Mm. This one is also, could be bad. A lot of teachers tend to be thoughts. Yeah. Hard that. I'll say this. If she's not, if she's still single as like a teacher. And she's like, and her 20s or 30s, like, yeah, she got me to throw it away. I'll put that. See, see. See, see. Yeah. Depends on age. Old teachers are home. If she's single. The single. Yeah. Like, like, let's say she meets a guy in college. She gets married and then she becomes a teacher. All right. I'm cool. Hey, YouTuber. It takes a YouTube. Oh, man. That's going to be, or you put it on the scene. That's a CT or Timmie. I almost want to put them D, but I'll put C. Okay. Tell me why. Girls that are on the internet looking for status. A lot of the times are terrible partners. In a way. Because women aren't really designed to have power. Okay. When they have power, bad things happen. Mm. That's why every single society that's thrived has been a paint-truckie. Not a major, I mean. Right. It was a major, I could say, well, that shouldn't exist. Yeah. Right. It was not in history books. And they got defeated. So I say that to say this. If a woman is a YouTuber, she needs to acquire status to be successful and said profession. Women that have status typically don't know how to behave. Right. And they can't stay in relationships. Yeah. Because when they have status. Oh, yeah. That's the, I see where you're going. Go ahead. You're going to tell me. So like, you look at someone like a Jennifer Lopez. Yeah. It's not actually single or unable to find the relationship. And she got, it's usually not that. That's right. The fucking top tier. Mofuck is, you know, a list actors, Mark Mofuck and Anthony. Ben Affleck. Yeah, Ben Affleck. What is fucking back, man? Yeah. She buried. Bad man. A-Rot. A-Rot. The check. The fucking A-Rot. Wasn't, wasn't enough. A-Rot and Batman wasn't enough. Yeah. What'd you think you're going to do? Like, bro. So it's like, it's like, when, because guys got to be, yeah. Did it, too? Yeah. Yeah, go ahead, go ahead. So men got to understand that like, when women acquire status and resources, they don't become better people. They just become harder to please and much more difficult to be in relationship with. So a YouTuber, her career is contingent upon acquiring status, hence more views. Yeah. That's problematic for you. Especially if you're also a YouTuber. I see you. Or you're going to be bigger than her. You've got to be way bigger than her. And here's something too, because I literally was talking about this, like, Chiessen, I started seeing this fucking girl the other day. Yeah, I think I saw the video. Yeah. And I was like, and I was like, tell him, like, bro, this is Elle. Every single time I've ever seen a male influencer with a huge audience, get one of these chicks and they are also on YouTube and shit. What's happening is that girl's siphons people over to her? Yeah. A lot of her, his fans become her fans. And then the day is leave. Right? And then she leaves, too. Yeah. So when women acquire status and resources, they look for something better. Because like, for us, like, we don't give a shit about that. So we don't care about that. But they do. Yeah. I remember once, man, I got a girl's number at McDonald's, man. They're saying she was using fries. Yeah. She was out. We don't care. She was out. Yeah. Long time, long time. All right. And the successful women, I know, like, successful women, they got their own businesses or they're making a lot of money or they're doing something. They have a super hard time finding partners because they won't date down. Yeah. So now the pool is made small. Love that potential guys. And this is something that isn't really talked about enough that women become chainbiter success versus men become unchanged from their six. Yeah. Dors closed for them. Dors opened for us. So, you know, obviously this like a very detailed explanation, but I need guys to understand that like, when a woman is a YouTuber, her pursuit of status is going to be directly at odds. Yeah. With you because as she acquires more status and fame, especially if you're not in that same profession, you're like a regular nigga, the likelihood of her leaving you is high. I've never seen it where the woman has significantly more status than the guy. And she never seen that. Very hard to say. I've never seen it. She, you know, there was a girl who used to work for me. She started building. She was getting popular on the internet. And she was married. You know, probably just a paper. And I think they was really in love, right? And then, you know, she started, like kind of in popular, I was like, yeah, this is gonna go on that. Yep. Now we're gonna say, she left that moment. Yeah, never does, bro. Like this, and you know, people call me a misogynist or whatever, but this is why the man has to maintain a frame, this is why the man has to have the fame. If we're gonna do this, this is why the man needs to have the money because we know how to act when we get admired, bro. Women don't, man. Like, like, okay, if you get a gift as a man from a woman, you're never gonna forget that shit. Right, you're gonna appreciate it. Yeah. You're gonna probably keep it. She gives you a card or some other one. I didn't really know my God. Wow. Because most guys don't get shit from women, right? They really don't. A dude might go his entire adult life. And never get a gift from a female or fucking compliment. You're a compliment versus women, especially with social media, they get that shit all the time. So they don't appreciate it. Yeah. So, one's up happening is if someone barely gets anything, they're gonna be far more receptive in appreciative of when it, of it, when it comes. This is why it's all everybody. You need to have the leverage. You need to be the one that's adored. You need to build the one that's expected. Yes, you gotta be personalized. Yeah, you gotta earn it. Yeah, just the main, absolutely. I'm surprised. You can't just say it. Yeah, it's gotta be without saying it. Because, because, with us, if we have the leadership role and the status and the money and everything, we know how to fucking act. Right. And I know something like that. But, is it true? You won't cheat. Right, bitch. But guess what? That's gonna be the main girl. Like, like, like, he might cheat and step out. But if anything, when he deals with his stupid thoughts, if he has a girlfriend, it's gonna make him appreciate it more. Yeah. But I'd be around these bitches. Oh my god, I appreciate my girl more and more every day. Yeah. When I run these other thoughts, I'm like, God damn, man. What the fuck? Every time I'm a more in-gush-show, fresh and fit. And I got a little, this people like, man, Brandon don't talk enough. I'm like, man, cause I, this has to be heard in my head. Make sure you appreciate your girl more, right? Yeah, yeah. Because she's not a fucking dummy. Yeah. When you asked him about when you was asking him to go, they, three countries in the bizzard, Tyler Hasse. I was like, oh shit. Yeah, I know it was like this. It's like a bizarre world, right? Come here. It's like a bizarre world, man. So, so I sat on out to say that like, you know, I know we're going deep into this, but the man needs to be the one that's being petta-slides and has a status quo. Cause we know what I had a behave when we have this shit. They don't. Yeah, that's a big fact. All right. Speaking of which, what about our GM models? Oh, fuck no. That's damn near, right? Put them almost at the same level as old left girls. Tell me what? Very similar to the YouTube, but even worse, because on YouTube, they still got a talk and be somewhat interesting. Yeah. I, I, G, is just straight pictures. Cause we've had a lot of these IG models on, million, two million people on our show. They're fucking retards, bro. Yeah, not for you. It's absolutely idiots. Like, got nothing interesting to say, boringist fuck, zero personality, boil chicken when no season and bro. Bro. When I, when I teach these online trainers, how to grow their father when it's like the guys, I'm just like, yo, you gotta understand, I'm teaching them about the algorithm. I'm teaching them what the post how to do. And like, but if it's a high girl, they just put some titties on it on the gram, and you'll be like, yeah, like these bitches, these bitches with fucking means of fathers, like I know somebody's host. And like, they don't know the algorithm. These bitches ain't motherfucking geniuses. They just threw some titties up, you know? And it's like, but when I got a coach to do, the girl with social media is like, yo, all right, brother. We, we gotta be a good damn scientist. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I hope I said like, guy that has like 10K followers, one IG, that is like a hundred K in female numbers. Yeah. Like you actually have to assume you need that paper butter any that right. Or should like, what that 10K followers is a man means you're doing something, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no thrill. For real, that's like, I would say, we're like a guy with 10K is like, you know, for a woman S10X, yeah. For them, 100K is nothing, you know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, every once in a while, you'll find when he's like super fucking modally, dudes, you know, no diddy, right? You know, we can just do the same shit as girls, but they like, farm, it's like, it's like, it's still late to say. Yeah, farm, if you're gonna have this hot, it's gonna get like, you know what I've always said is like, male, hate to use this or male, male beauty or handsomeness, doesn't know, nearly as far. Yeah, you know, yeah, I know that. Yeah, it doesn't know nearly as far, bro. Like you ain't, you an average chick has more marketable than the most handsome of men. Yeah, that, no let's say do some crazy, like this nigga Luigi, right? When I had pop, you can see yo, some people, right? Just think bitches were checking for him before, probably not, we're not a East famous. It was bitches say that he's handsome, you know, but he was, you didn't have a million followers before, is that all of it, you know what I'm saying? I realitters. Oh, hmm. So this depends where they're at. Yeah. If they're in Florida, it's a sea. Hmm. Yeah, if it's in Florida, and then every bitch down here has a fucking is a realtor. And there's a lot of chicks who are realitters, right? Especially here in Florida. And they, they already say the realitters, but they never show one houses, they never, they don't. They never put in houses on their, they're on their IG, they never posted the deals, the clothes and the internet. Nothing, man. You know, shit, nothing, bro. And, but I know why, because those bitches are escort. Yeah, like if a bitch says it, they're realitters, but she's never like showin' houses on their story. She's not like really, like the guy realitters, like he's showing the new voice. Oh yeah, he's going super hard. The girls, no, I mean, they, she got her license. But it's kind, you know what it's like? It's kind of like, how do I put this? You were in law enforcement. Someone's doing a crime. They have to have a front sometimes, right? Of course, they have to have a front. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what, like a lot of escort. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're like, yeah, they have a bullshit job. No bullshit, I like know some escort. Yep. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a private, that's a private, that's a private, that's a private. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a private, they can just say it, it looks good on public, but, which is an escort. Yeah, you see. A lot of them. A lot of them. If more dudes knew how much girls like Cell Pussy, they wouldn't have petalized these chicks. And for all you fucking idiots, I don't know, something like that. Moon, you've been in my inventory long. Look to what anything, shut up. Oh, no, this is a major city, attractive woman thing, because guess what dummy, 90-view major city, you can be anywhere, bro. Like my, thank you. One of my, so I'm friends with one of the co-founders seeking arrangements. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, bro, a lot of girls are on there. Yo, yo, yo. I told guys all the time, be on there, and use as a dating site, right? Don't be one of these tricks, right? Don't a lot of guys do it, but yeah, bro, a lot of girls are on that show. And it's like, yo, this like, so like, Moon, my boy was, when he was starting to tell me about it. And I went on there to check it out, what was going on. And I was seeing girls I knew. Yeah, fucking, like, and I remember my boy Brian, like this one girl. And I was like, I was like, yo, yo, yo, I was like, yo, Brian, you could buy this, man, this should for sale. Oh, yeah. You had her, like, oh, yeah, yeah, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, get that right down, man. Wow. Yo, is that, that bitch who curbed due to other day, man? Yep. She's seen our seller, but she's selling it. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. I like that, she's selling it. I love it. I like that. Oh, you still not. Like that one, but my, but my, but my man, he was telling me, because he, he was one of the co-founders, he said like, he was like, bro, you'd be surprised how many girls like are selling pussy part time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you think they, they're part time sports. So, like, they might, they might be doing it for a living. Yeah, but it's like a side house. Yes, no, yeah. Now, we're, as say, because I've talked about this, I did a whole episode on like how to pull girls on these sugar sites. There's two groups of girls on this thing. Mm-hmm. There's girls that actually are successful. Make their own money and our tire to brokeies. Yeah. I've met a lot of doctors, lawyers, she'll like that. They're typically not sling and pussy on it. They just want to find somebody that's like, has money. That, like, under socioeconomic status. But that's rare. And then the other side, which is a majority, are the girls that are selling it. Yeah. Part time or full time, like you say. But yeah, man, dude, with the explosion of the internet, Instagram, et cetera, the home one has never been easier and more common than ever before. And for all the 80s out there in the same iron, you know, you have a warp view on this because you're in Miami, et cetera, listen, bro. I mean, the hottest girl in your city, right? In which it's on, where do the fuck you live in? The Bucayawa. They come to Miami and do their dirt and then leave. Or they go to New York City, where they go to Chicago. You see these girls, man. So just some girls on the who are like, they have realitters, right? Remember they always like, do bye or like, they're always, they're always traveling. You know, she'll make money like that? Yeah, because she's never posting that listings. You know what I'm like, Tim, it was the new listings. Spensive restaurants, auditships. Yeah. Guys got up, it's like, it's in the open. Look, man, if a girl is hot, right? Very high likelihood that she's done some kind of sex for carnival. Very high likelihood, man. I like, bro, I'm just going, and she, you know, it is what she's up with America. Yeah. Like, she's hot, you know, very high likelihood. She's done something, whether it's going on dating any paid for it. Or just a, so a picture sugar daddy. Sugar daddy. You know, I'm saying, or some guys, you just use and she does, it might not be straight up like home in on a corner, but it might be like a guy. Yes, you don't really like, he pays for shit for his act. He feels like he feels when he needs to. I'm sure they've extracted value from men by using their sexuality. Yeah. And so if a, if the real answer is not post and listings, yeah, she, if she's not post and listings frequently like every day like a guy real, the answer is, yeah, I put her in deep. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And Miami, I, I'd give her the, I put her in the room. You know, let's go deep. Yeah, and Miami, because I was speaking more general when I was like, okay. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, because I, yeah, so that's why I said, putting their country into account. Yeah. Yeah, but like if you, if you made a girl who's actually, now what if you made a girl, you, she's, she's really every day on a story, she's going to different lists and she's going to open house as different. She's, she's staging crib. Yeah, that's different. Then she's really doing that. And then that's why I gave it to you, because there are like some of them that actually are our legit. Yeah, that's why I gave it to the, the, the sea, because like ours, um, because like the dee is like automatic like these girls not like 90 nine percent of the time they're never going to be adequate partners for. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Truck drive. Yeah. We're about truck drivers, man. Oh, uh, this one's kind of middle the road. This one's kind of Uber drivers. Yeah. Like that one could be a real toss. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This one women truck drivers. Yeah, they are. So like what I was saying is the reason why they're there is because nine of 10 times they're not going to be hot. Yeah, yeah, we should. Ain't no hot bitches, we like, man. Yeah, that's what I really drive driving. Stick on a semi on a fucking semi bro. So like, yeah, all right, finish training. Oh, this could be real bad, but it could also be good to yeah, you can go either way. All right. So it depends on how much of an attention more she. Mm. Because the problem with finish checks a lot of them are attention horrors, man. Yeah, some of them even in the some of them aren't in the fitness. They just, oh, this is an excuse for me to show the right. Yes, you know, yeah, a lot of them don't even work out, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I would say it's more bad than good. So I was put them at, um, I'll put them at C, and see, okay, now if she's really about that life, you know, because I, because I teach people how to become online trainers. And there's some girls, man, who like, take this as seriously, like, one of my students, she made $1.5 million this year. Wow. Yeah, she's really going on. You know what I'm saying? So she wouldn't fit in this, but she's the rare, so I see what you put it here. Yeah, I'm rare, rare, bro. And like this, she have a man. Yeah. Okay, wait, she made more than him. Yeah. Cool. And then, they seem to be happy. They've been in the game, man. Look at that fork in it, man. Okay, gamer. Yeah, I'm gonna put them down at the C, because most girls that gamer hold this man. Yeah. They would have, which you, yeah. Like, bro, it's, it's another example of women in vating male spaces for male attention. Yeah. Like, you know, I was saying, like, you know, maybe for women used to be like non-existent. Yeah. Like, but like now all of them game, but like most girls that game and stream, they show their titties. Yeah. They put, they suck. Yeah, you really good again. You fuck with, you, you like, wanted to tap. Overrots. Yeah, so I played Overwatch for those that are unaware. I played Overwatch at very high level. I made it to Master. No, it's getting to go. I don't know what that means, but I know it's lit. I'm in the top like 1%. All right, so I was good. I'll tell you this, bro. Anytime I hear a female voice on the microphone, a sense of fury and rage overcomes me. Because when I played Halo 2 back in the day, some of my professionally, we will kick them out to fucking lobby. I hear a female voice like, what the fuck? Bitch. What are you doing here? You should be preparing a sandwich for a male who's superior to you. Fuck you doing it. And I, on Xbox, bitch, you'd be giving that box to the dude. Like, what are you doing? And other than two, I genuinely believe, like, most, okay. Women suck at mostly everything. Men are better than women at almost everything. Twinkly video games, right? So when they're on my team, I already know she's not going to be that good, right? But Sam, let them in because they like to hear female voice on the other end. So yeah, bro. Like, are there some female gamers who are good, of course, with the majority, absolutely trash. And most of the time when they're in there, they want male attention, which is red flag. So yeah, if I was a girl, I was like, easy, I would get into something super male dominated. I'd have some fake, big, fake titties, right? And I get into some super women down in like, gaming or like, finance or like, in, in start, a social media. Because they able to, they're able to go into that male street code. Why is every crypto bitch big? Why is every girl gamer that's on Twitch? Also, do you notice that like, it used to be like 20 years ago, if you play video games, things would make fun of you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But now it's mainstream. Why is it mainstream? Because you can stream doing it. And these chicks have kind of just jumped on that bandwagon, using the excuse to show their titties while playing Fortnite. That's what I would do. That's what I would do. Yeah, you know what I would do. But I'd be, you know, I'd be some sort of thought or some shit. All right, what about, what about college student? A rating, of course. Of course, no trace. No trace. They're damn near, they're going to most, almost want to put them in D, bro. Look at Alice doing. Yeah, okay. Yeah, she refreshment. Because she becomes less of a hoist. She stays longer in school. That makes sense. Now, freshman year, they're just trying to party and rage. Fresh me 15 is like 15 guy. Yeah. So, yeah, exactly in a semester. So, yeah, I would say, they're first two years. Because you assume freshmen and sophomore year, they're going to be horrors about it. Okay. All right, cool, cool, cool. What about singers? Ooh. Yeah, that's going to be in the same level as I see entertainers. Stay tuned. Because another, the whole crowd thing. Yeah, you gotta be bigger than him. But even, but fucking Mark Anthony's bigger than Jaylo. He's still still still still. Still, still, still, still, still, still, still. Yeah, that's best 55, bro. I actually like, yeah. She dumped Batman. I've got Batman. Batman. You ever seen him move the town? Great movie. I'm that nigga. Yeah, bro, great. Cause I'm just dope. Great. That's a good fucking movie, man. Name a good movie. Jaylo was on. I can't name him. I can't remember the last hit song she had. Mm. Yeah, man, I love. Even if you were broke, my love don't cause a thing. Come on, man. Come on, man. Subline guy. All right, a flight attendant. Yeah. Flight attendant. I like to call him plane waitresses. Yeah, plane waitresses. Yeah, these girls are definitely, yeah, I'm going to say, be, bro. You don't say D or host. Well, what's the plane waitress? They're access to travel. Puts that puts them in a very bad spot. Mm. So like, defective like they could travel and act like hose anonymously. Mm. Not good. Say to be homing at the different destinations. They're damn, man. They literally are hose and different air and coats. Yeah. Awesome. Wooder Chris shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Once I got this gross number, on the, on the, it was just plane waitresses. Yeah. And I like that. And I got a number and then it did really work out, you know, and I was like, oh, every time I flew to the airline, I was like, fuck, I hope I won't see his bitch. Yeah. Yeah, and they fly for free, bro. Yeah, they do. They fly for free. He's houses, they stay at all these different cities. Yeah. Like, yeah, not a man. It's a wrap. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No plane waitresses. What about politicians? Like, moving forward with AOC or. Nah, because they want, I mean, I don't know the whole, of the hot, though, cops of the female politicians and I actually more I don't even know why. We should even let them have. I mean, congrats, virtual take here. I don't think we should vote. I think we need to return the 90th Amendment and I wholeheartedly believe this. Like, I don't know like, Bro, these bitches can't even pick a sandwich. How are we gonna let them pick a world leader? Like, they came and people, they want a eat? Like, what the fuck, like, who's onto the tube just so everybody out there, oh man. That's me, so juicy. Listen, dickhead. If we had to go on the female vote, You know who'd be president right now? Who's being president? Kamala Harris. Women overwhelmingly voted blue. And they almost always do. If they don't have a man that's super expensive, I'm telling them what to do. Yeah. So it's, bro, not a man. Like, I don't even, women should even vote let alone be politicians. So, so where are you going putter? Uh, she's going to be see. Because same thing, acquiring status to get elected. Yeah. No, there's a thing. Let's say you date in the congressmen or senator. You know, senator is they, they know what's going to happen in the stock market. You can leverage that if they're. Yeah, Nancy Pelosi Pelosi has been his ball. Oh, yeah. Off the, I got a buddy that watches all her trades, bro. Yeah, yeah. I watched her trades, man. You see, yeah. Like, her husband though, like she's ball and super her husband got crazy trades. Yeah. So I, you know, because she know what's going on. Yeah, man. She's fighting on her behalf. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're speaking, which, what about traders? Mm. Mm. Most of them are thoughts, bro. Mm. Every trader I've ever met Miami is flying some a whole ship, man. They, they trade for X now because the other trading didn't work if you know them. Yeah. So are we saying traders in Miami or I'm just saying. I don't know. I'll give it a see because I'm going to try to like, because if it's Miami, it's a D. But if it's like overall, I'll give it a see. And there are some girls out there that actually are like, they know what they're talking about. Yeah. But I'm minority. It sounds ridiculous to have this on the list. But I know some guys actually date sex workers. Yeah. Like, you've heard it. Porn. Yeah, bro. A lot of them. Sugar babies all the other shit. I guess that's where they all fall. That's automatic. It's automatic. Yeah. I think you did. I think you did. These women are a recreation who's only never like, yeah, wife them. Like, man, I don't think, except for, I don't even think these women deserve families. Yeah. I feel you. Yeah. And I'll tell you why. When a woman becomes a sex worker, she has to put herself in a very dark place to do that. Yeah. Once she does that, she no longer has semblance of how to be a proper woman anymore. Because she's seen all the, the brave, deranged, worst men that are, you know, weirdos and her things. So she can no longer build a healthy relationship with men. Yeah. Right after seeing the shit. So I truly believe like a woman's job is to protect her innocence. Once the innocence is gone, yeah. It kind of should have passed the stain, leave a stain on your soul, you know? Right. Okay. I'll give you this analogy for your people here. I've said this before, but some people went out and heard this. I look at women like tape. Okay. Right. So when you get that tape, and you put on that first surface, it's nice and sticky, adhesive, right? Yeah. And adhesive is great. But as you take it off and put it on different, you know, platform for different surfaces. Yeah. Different surfaces. It loses sticking this over time. So by the time it's on the 10th surface, it's a secret. Yeah. It's a fucking dangling. That's how women are. That's how they are. And for everybody out there, God, this guy's crazy. Yeah. We're just getting warmed up. But like, yeah, bro, like, he's being calm. Yeah, yeah, you. But the point is, is that they're like tape, bro. So sex workers got no adhesive in this left, bro. Mm. Not only did he do, or adhesive too, is the streets. That's it. So sex workers can never be taken seriously, bro. It's tape with no longer with no sticky anymore. Yeah, no, that makes a lot of sense. That makes a lot sense. What about authors? Authors. Like, she writes like non-fiction or fiction. If she is home all day, and she's round her books and like, she has a man, it could be great. Actually. So I'm gonna assume, I'll give it a beat. It's kind of a little bit. So find you a author. Nobody's A or S yet. Maybe he's wrong this, man. What about, what about, we talked about plane waitresses. What about a regular witch? Is that land, wangers? This is awesome. They're gonna get hit on a lot. Okay. This one's a B. It's when really depends on the girl. Okay. All right. But she's working on somewhere like a tilted kill, twin peaks or a whoders? Yeah, that goes down a level. Ah, got it. Because those those specific restaurants are for Perth. Yeah. All right, bottle girls. Yeah, that one's gonna be damn near. That's gonna be a de-bra. Yeah, it should even be on the list. Yeah, damn near de-bra. They're not sex workers so to speak, but it's pretty close. Yeah, if I line up 100 bottle girls, like 95 of them are gonna be on some bullshit. Yeah, yeah. So unfortunately, like are there five of their cool, maybe, but like I'm a staggering majority, no bueno. What about real models? Like this bitches on billboards and magazines, like real models. See? See? That's the whole cloud situation. Very unlikely to be a good girlfriend. You told me about this atmosphere model. Oh yeah, yeah. So this is this kind of falls into, so this is very common to major cities. And I've noticed this in a rise of this in after the COVID pandemic and clubs being shut down, they need to get people back outside. So while a lot of these clubs do and events, they'll hire girls to just be there so they can take camera, or pictures, or other stuff like, look at how lit we are, like they didn't show rolling loud. So recently here in Miami. So it's a new profession, but I would also get that to see. Get to see. All right, cool. What about? Yeah. Neema, I don't know what you meant when you said Yagros? So it has gone to me. But what was the Yagros? I don't know, like, if it was a big one. Yeah, they're kind of like, I'm a sphere model too. Oh, okay, okay. What about like, boss-based, man? She's like, she got her own business. She got her own thing, and she was a boss-baby. So this one's in the middle, and the reason why I was like, on one side, right, she's gonna, she makes her own money. So most men don't qualify for her. So that gives you a little bit of a protection. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But at the same time, she's more masculine. And she's more than likely, maybe went to college and higher education. Yeah. Which means she might have hold around while she was there. She got her own own, a little bit. So that's possible. So yeah, they're also gonna be, I think, in the B-Rain. I'm gonna put her in the B-T. What about women who work in it? So there's no, basically there's no good women yet. All right, that's cool. Yeah, pretty much, yeah, what I'm realizing, as we continue to do the sexual size, I'm gonna realize like, yeah, all these bitches, this check's out, man, this is classic, my right. Yeah, yeah, I was like, guys, like, as I'm building this shit, I'm like, damn, wait, what the fuck, man? None of these old qualifiers. Our beauty in the women who work in the B-T industry, you would be- That one's metal the road to our C-B. Because they're dealing with women all the time, so that's good. Yeah, yeah. So, but also the women could be bad. A lot of holes come through. A lot of holes come through, right? All right, what we're gonna put in the lawyers, man? Ooh. Mm. That one is C as well. C. Yeah. Yeah, I thought that was- They want to law school. They're educated. They're gonna argue all the time. Mm, they good at it. And they're good at it, too. So we didn't, so, we're meant, okay, this is the list we had. Is anybody S-T or A-T? So you know what's interesting? The only way to be S-T or A-T is a woman, ironically enough. It's not a have a job. Ha ha ha ha. There you go. Boom. She needed to be in the fucking kitchen for your job. If you may, kitchenologist. Yeah. She needed to do a row. So ironically enough, there you go, Nick, is go. The reason why I know is an S-T here is because they're not supposed to have a job in the first place. Ha ha. Ha ha. They have a good place to end it. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ooh. Oh. Ha ha ha We loading Game House吃 the dinner, and allOUGHF Amazed at were this king with all the kings