In this video on a breakdown, how you should know if you should dump your girlfriend and not. And it's not gonna be based off feelings, you know what you think or when, I'm just, we're just gonna use math and economics. I think this will put things in perspective for you. Your heart can lead you down the wrong path, man. If we look at it mathematically and break it down, I think it'll make a lot more sense. I also gonna have a free spreadsheet template where you can download and plug in the numbers for your girlfriend to see if she's a keeper or a sweet person. So first, we wanna know how much money we're spending on this chick. So let's say you went on three dates with this girl and you spent $200 on each day. And let's say you smash twice, zero. Then you know, she didn't want to smash on the first one because you know, she didn't want to look like, you know, a whole pro tip. Make the first date something like coffee and lunch. So you know, it's been a whole fucking bunch of times. She can you got it, you lunch anyway. And then the second date, the real date. I'm gonna say that you smash, but it's really the first date. If it played it right, you get the third date you smash again. All right, so let's cool. Now here's the thing. We got a cost per smash of $300 on this chick. All right. Now all smashes aren't created equal. So we got to have a smash quality score. We got a judge it. Right. So the smash quality score. Obviously, this is zero right here. We got let's say the first the first way. Hey, this was pretty good. Well, one out, let's what out of 10, this is pretty good. Let's say the second one, the, you know, this is what she let the freak out. All right, she let it all hang out. She's doing the freaky stuff on the second time because first one she want to see me look on. I don't do this, but like, now she get unleashed because she more comfortable with you and get penis. All right. Now this gives us a smash quality score of 18. So what we want to do is we want to take the cost per smash, divided by the smash quality score. That's going to give us what we call the smash quality cost. Right. So in this example, we got our our cost per smash. It's $300. Okay. With a smash quality score of 18. Boom. Which gives us smash quality cost 16.67. Now see ideally what we want is over time, the cost per smash to go down in the smash quality. To go up, which will lower our smash quality cost. Hope this makes sense. Now, let's see what that looks like. Let's say it's like week two work, right? Boom. You go on one official date to a disc girl. We spend money $200. And you smash and it's a 10 again, but then she just comes over the next two times. And you want to spend no money. Boom. Let's say these all 10s. This is just for math purposes, right? Now we have a CPS of only $66.76. So that makes sense guys. Now once we divide these two to get our new smash quality cost, that leaves us now it's down to 2.22. A, it looks like you should keep this chip. Cause now you're getting more out of it. She's bringing more to the table. Like when you watch fresh and fitting them, like what do you bring the table? Always laugh because we all know it's nothing, right? But it's a trick question. However, as she says well, listen, my smash quality cost is extremely low. Then it's like, oh, all right, go on, explain it to me, right? Hope everybody gets this. Now I made this easier for you. And I think I've improved on the design as well. In the description, there is a free link where you can download. And then it looks like this. What I think you should do. And these are example numbers. So for each one of the chicks you're talking to, they get their own sheet or if you got one girl you're dating or girlfriend. Start keeping track of this shit, right? Now what what I think is better if you averaged. I think I don't want to know how to math worse. If you average the smash quality score, I think that works better. So we use those same numbers, right? So it took us out. We got date 600 for the first one. You know, you smashed twice. This calculates your cost per smash for you, right? So it changes. Maybe the out of the sentence description. Right, we're on the same example. But what I think is better if you use average smash, right? So two divided by 18 is what? Nine. All right, I think you should average it, right? And now that's going to change our numbers here. But it's still better, right? I think you average it. And with the second one, second example is exactly the same. But the average is 10. It still works out the same. It's just the numbers are going to be different. Let's say, right, if you average in the smash quality score, I think anything under $10 is good. It depends on your own shit. I think the wife is up. This is a warning. But let's see what it looks like. We have different qualifications, right? Dump her, warning, keep dating there, wife for up. I'm saying boom. So let's let's ask some more numbers. Let's say you spin. Yeah, I hear you spin a G. Some guys out here going crazy, right? Boom. He spins a G and this dude smash is once. Damn. That means his cost per smash is $1,000. This is already looking bad. Even if it's a 10, it's still a Q score of 100. That's kind of high. You got to think about it. You see every time you want some ass, but you've really spent in a hundred dollars. You got to think about that. Now it's even worse if her shit is mid, right? Now it's the double. Hell man, you got to dump her. Listen, you got to go release her. You got to waiver. Let her test for ya agency. I'll know you want to commit that much investment to a chick. But let's do some other numbers around. Let's say you got your ball in on a budget. You spin like a hundred dollars total. But you smash like four times as we you taking this bitch for coffee and shit. You say it. Oh man, now we're looking good. If it's fucking halfway decent, you're still good. Even just a seven, right? So with this man, you should wipe her and then you know, so it's all relative then you might want to keep dating her, right? You know what I'm saying this one? But you got to think. It's like they and man, I'm spending this much. Yeah, it's a 10. But yo, look at the numbers twice as much for a seven. Now you got to start thinking about the economics. You know what I'm saying? You can get this calculator for free. If you date multiple girls spin in plates or all the other shit, exercise the options and you want to, you know, make copies of this one for each chick. And you can do it monthly, you don't say it or you can do a weekling. But just start just keep track of what you spend if you're not tracking this lagging. So do you track it a quality? Then you can make it in a form decision. Oh man, this girl's this blah, blah, blah, blah, should I dump her? I'm the actual, what's your SQC brother? You've got to know your numbers. Just like any business. You watch shark thing. And oh, okay, how much goofy should they do when they're pitching? At some point Mr. Wonderful's gonna say tell us about the numbers. You don't say it and that's when you need to be going to be like yo, I'm out. You're saying if it was some good numbers then you might say you're bidding war. You might see Kevin O'Leary yelling at Mark. You're being you might see Barbara yelling at the hot one. Not really hot. I mean, is rated on a curve. I mean, as far as oh, white ladies go. There he goes, not for me. You know what I'm saying? Right, you got to check in numbers man. What's here? What's here? What's here? No, it was right. So download this. This is 100% free. Let's see if friends share it. Do it the homies. Remember the link is in the description. You should download this now and save us at free notion template in here. When you click on this, it's also another planner. If you want to actually plan your goals out. You know, just to check that out, I have a whole video on how this one works. Matter of fact, you should go watch that video now.