In this video, I want to bring down why I think you should do full body workouts instead of splits. I get questions all the time and what's your split? What kind of split you do? Who can you split? You want to get on your dual split? I do full body workouts and I've been talking about full body workouts on this channel where it close to a decade now. I want to go over why I think there's a period to actually doing body parts split. So to something you should understand, I want to break it down for you and I'm going to show you some examples and I'm going to show you some studies and I'm going to show you some science behind this. This also precedents for this. Before stairways were invented, almost everybody built. There were bodybuilders before stairways were invented. And they did full body workouts. And the reason they did full body workouts while nothing new to this time, the reason they were still able to put on a lot of size before the invention of a stairways or PDs. Chrotysynthesis is a fancy way to say muscle building. It's only the after 24 to 48 hours after you live away. So if you're doing chest day, you're missing out on five days of potential muscle group. But if you work out the same muscle every other day, then your and the consistent state of growth. The reason people switched was because stairways weren't invented. They noticed it protein synthesis would last longer when you're on stairways. Right? And I want to make the case on why I think you should do full body workout. I'm not saying you can't get big with splits. I'm not saying it's personal work. But I want to break this down from a few different angles. For one volume, how many sets you should do per week? For optimum growth. Now a lot of times you guys don't believe stuff until I have a white size man say. So I want to put a video from Don't Me Dr. Mike. You guys might see this guy all over the internet. I like him a lot. It's probably only a matter of time before he makes a video make it fun and make. But I'm still a fan, you know, school. And so that gives me the idea that, you know, when we're just starting out on program week one, we just might be able to get really awesome gains with not that many sets. He's almost said per week this clear right? That's what it is the context of how many steps you should do per body part per week. And this is going to make sense in the context of full body workouts. Then there is a second idea that as your body adapts to training volume your work capacity goes up, your recovery ability goes up. And we also know that theoretically, and this is now very well confirmed. empirically, the number of sets of muscle individually can take before reaches its top cap of how much growth you can get out of it is high. Remember, in the context of this conversation, he's almost said per week. I didn't want to show the whole fucking interview because it's my new soon canal. And that hits our, but I just want to get the nuggets for you guys. It's not 15. It's not 20 sets a week. It's like 30 or 40. Are there some context there, but like, how many studies now pack show that 40 to 50 plus sets a week or superior than 20 to 30? 30 to 40 set. He sung about studies. This showed it 30 to 40 sets of exercises on a body part per week are superior than 10 or 20. All right. And he's going to bring up some studies to prove this. So like, how many studies now pack show that 40 to 50 plus sets a week or superior than 20 to 30? Five, right? Like the Ratellian colleagues, show them full and colleagues replication of that. I don't know how to tell you about Ratellian colleagues, right? I know you guys. No, I don't know how to tell you all about it. But you know, some of the other guys, they might not understand someone is jargon. There's that 52 set study. We're getting up there numbers of studies. So if you say something to the effect of dude, anything more than 15 sets of triceps per week is overkill. That is just no longer terrible assumption. So we know now two things. One is you can get amazing gains starting out with very little volume. Start it off. Like you hear a newcomer, right? And two, the top end of allium is a long as you're systematically recovering. I'm not interested in killing yourself yet. Or at least walking. I'm going to talk to you about how that works in the context of full body work. I've split in a minute. But we also got Dr. Mike. He has another video with this guy, volume needs to more growth. And we have studies looking up pretty high volumes. So I recently looked at the research myself as well. And we have around eight studies. Looking at high volumes and excess of 20 sets per week per muscle per muscle. Warded 26 per week per muscle. That's what I categorized as extremely high volumes for most people. And when you look at all of these studies a few dozen studies, as I mentioned, you see that going up in volume from say 10 sets to 30 or even 40 sets leads to dairy or even 40 sets. It leads to white or growth more growth. I was previously on the channel to discuss that infamous 52 set quality. And that is one of many studies that I've looked at higher training volumes. Yeah, past 20 sets. And when you aggregate all of those, what you find is that there is a dose response relationship between volume and high-perrophy. Can you see high-perrophy even with low volume approaches like high intensity training? Yes, really see your best type of photography. It's pretty unlikely, right? You will likely see more high-perrophy if you go with higher volumes. High intensity training and high values. What's on the high volumes says, right? The more volume I'm giving you the most amount of growth. Now, why is that important in the context of a full body workout? Well, it's me. Let's say you're doing like some kind of broke split. Where you're doing one body part per week. Let's say you're doing chess once a week. All right? And maybe you pick, you got to kill it if you're only doing once a week. So maybe you pick four different chess exercises, maybe some bench press, incline, dumbbell bench press, maybe some incline flies, cable crossovers, that's a pretty substantial chess workout. Especially if you're only doing once a week, it's probably due to that amount. All right? You do four sets of each exercise. That's going to give you 16 sets. But you'll probably be too sore to do more sets during that week. All right? That's probably all you got. That's probably just your chess day. Right? And you probably won't hit chess again that week. Mostly all that's Monday. Right? That doesn't sound like a good Monday for you. You did 16 sets. Yes, you're chess day. Right? Now, if you do that every day, you have done 823 sets of chess that year. Right? Now, let's say you did three full body workouts per week. And during that full body workout, you did two chess exercises. Four. So you did four sets of two exercises. If you did that three times a week, right? That's only equal about four about 24 sets. That's only equal 24 sets for you. We're already talking about better. We're just starting to get into that range. We're those doctors. It was optimal for growth, right? But here's the booty of it. That's a strap and late that over 52 weeks, right? A whole year. Obviously you're going to take days off, but just for math. Let's just say 52 weeks. Now you end up with 1,000, 248 sets per year chess. If I do 50% more chess work than you is stands to reason, much has gone get bigger in that year. Right? But if you're someone like me who's been trained, and you can take more volume, let's say you did four full body workout per week. Again, the same, the same exercise that you go to do four sets of two exercises, each full body workout per chat. Right? That's going to have you at 34 sets. Per week, which is like that started to reach into that optimal range that the doctor was talking about. You do that over the course of 52 weeks. Now you've got 1,664 sets per year. That's twice as much as the guy who had chess day. You guys get this, this is real. You get more sets per year, right? But more importantly, that is the protein synthesis of cars. Because now you're working the muscle more frequently, because you're not killing the muscle each workout like you did if you were doing one body part per week. You can work the muscle out more frequently. And remember, protein synthesis only lasts 48 out. This is because your sword doesn't mean you're growing. If you're working out every other day, now you're in a concentrated protein synthesis, you're going to get way more days of protein synthesis per week. But here's where it gets even better. We all know that if you want to put on the most size, it's an opto to do compound movement as opposed to isolation movements. It's not going to be all compound movements on your chess day. But the average person maybe does one or two compound movements and then some isolation movements. But those of you are just catching up, a compound movement is sometimes called multi-joint movements where you're incorporating a multiple muscle group. So a compound movement for chess would be the bench press because you're using your shoulders and your delts and your triceps to get the bar up. Right? Well, isolation movement is something more like table crossovers. We're like the only movement one joint, right? And you're kind of just isolating the chess as opposed to a compound movement. But compound movements are what give you to stop. That's what you do to real-side. So not only are you getting doing more sets per year. If you do a full body workout the way I'm going to tell you that the how later in this video, you're basically doing almost all compound movement. You're getting more sets that are superior to half of the sets you're doing with a full body workout. Right? I was doing this when I was natural. Right? Before I went on TRT two years ago and I'm 42 now. But people accused me of being all-royed before this. I did only full body workouts. Almost exclusively compound movements. I got more sets than you and almost all my sets for compound movements are you were fucking around with cable crossover as shit. You know what I'm saying? It's superior in my opinion. You can read this on your own, but this is the study shows that proteins and this is not only last for about two days, right? Read this on your own there. The emphasize this a little bit more. I got my voice up from the mind pump. Podcasts of YouTube channel. I did an interview with them at long time where we were talking about this. And these guys, they're also proponents of full body workouts too, so check this out. There's a lot of people that I hear saying a lot of stuff that I've been preaching over the years. And I just like to talk to you about some of these things mainly full body workouts. Like I've been trying to tell people for years that that's like the best for a natural is when it comes to like building muscle. But you know, the body, really, the magazine is in all these other bodybuilders. And this other people say man, everyone does a split. Everyone does a split. You gotta do, you need to do a split to build muscle. You know, it's good at first to do full body, but you gotta either this all the time. And you shut these people up for me. You know, everybody knows south from my impuppies. They were on one of the best podcasts in the world. Very highly regarded people in this industry. So the thing you want to consider with split type of teams is first and foremost, the people that respond that tend to respond well to them, tend to be on a lot of gear. So a lot of these bodybuilders are on a lot of antibiotics. So there's a split, we're in Venice for guys on steroids. They were literally in Venice for guys on steroids. The bodies don't respond like most of ours do. And they're also genetic anomalies. These are guys and girls that build muscle very rapidly and quickly. In other words, the end of that old video, and I'm bigger than the end of that, out six years ago. All of the muscle building signal that they get from lifting weights probably stays elevated from much longer than the average person. The muscle building signal, so he's gonna talk about this. He's gonna mention protein synthesis, but he also gonna break down the signal that comes after you live weight. Now, they've actually done lots of studies on this. And the studies show that when you increase the frequency of what you train body parts, you're gonna build more muscle. There's actually, it's really not at the base. Studies have been done many, many, many times. So I'll give you an example of what I'm talking about. Now, you talk about full body workouts. That's what we promote as well. The reality is you can do a split. You just wanna do a lot of frequency of training. And this is what I mean by that. If you took your chest, for example, and let's say you train your chest on Mondays and you did 15 sets per chest, you're gonna be better off doing five sets per chest, but then doing five sets three days a week. Same total volume, triple the frequency. Basically, he's saying even if you did the same amount of volume, I was talking early in his video about increase in the volume. He's talking about even if you do the same amount of volume and just space it out with frequency, you're gonna gain more muscle because of what he calls the muscle building signal. He's gonna go into this in a minute. I want the studies show is when you, when you hammer a muscle in the gym, you have what's called a muscle building signal. That muscle building signal can be different or independent from recovery, but that means is your muscle was starting to build and it's starting to recover. Those can be two separate things. Studies will show that that muscle building signal elevates right after workout and peaks at about 48 to 72 hours. And they measure protein synthesis. It was what he said. Do this with something called muscle protein synthesis. Do you wanna meet? Even though you may still be sore, your muscle building signal is starting to drop. So if you hit your chest real hard Monday by one day, that signal starts to decline, but now you're waiting an entire week to hit chest. What's more exactly? So what's more effective would be, hit your chest on Monday, get that muscle building signal by the time it starts to drop, you hit it again, by the time it starts to drop, you hit it again. And so you're staying in this anabolic state all the time and you build much more muscle. Same total volume, nobody's saying, cut your workouts. I'm saying more volume. What's sour to say in his, he's referred to studies that even with the same total volume, if you just broke it up, right? You'd have more protein synthesis, which means more muscle, right? I'm talking about more volume, because that's what some of the new studies come out to say. That's what Dr. Mike is saying more volume. I implore you man to start doing a full body workout. Try it for 90 days, see if you don't make some more games, right? And I wanna break down with this to look like for you. We did the math on set. So you're gonna get more sets per week and per year. If you do a full body workout, if you do the way, I'm gonna explain. But for everybody part, pick two compound exercises, right? So if you're working, I'm just gonna say lakes, that's a clue's quads, glutes, hamstrings. If you're a bodybuilder, you might have to isolate quads, glutes and hamstrings, right? But you're just a fucking guy, bro. All right, you got about the window competitions, right? If you are gonna win a competition, that's all but you don't gear, you need to be doing some different anyway. You're just a guy. You're gonna pick two of the exercise that I'm gonna say here. Bar real squads, low bar squads, I think they're preferable because they work your posterior chain better, right? You get more glue activation, and they're less stressful in your knees because you're not to stand so erect. Bar real squads, the low bar variety, or front squads, which is different mechanism, but still good. Leg press, Bulgarian split squads. I'm not a fan of those only because, I'm doing cardio when I'm switching legs, but you might like a, or hacksquads. Pick two of those exercises that's gonna start off your full body workout. Then for calves, pick two exercises. You're gonna either pick standing calf raises or sitting calf raises. Don't make it complicated. If you've got a donkey press machine here, Jim, you can bend over and do that. Chess, go pick two of these exercises. Bar real bench press, incline bench press, decline bench press, dumbbell bench press, incline fat, bench or decline variety, weighted dips, everybody part. You're gonna pick two exercises to four sets of each. For your back, you can pick bent over rows, pull ups, T bar rows, chin ups. I'm leaving dead lifts out of it just because dead lifts are not the best for high purge, right? Dead lifts are great if you wanna get stronger or you gotta support and need to perform it. But if we're just talking about getting big muscles, you know, I didn't need that lift. Shoulders, two exercises. Overhead press, bar bill or dumbbell variety, push press, freestanding hands, damn push up. That's what I did. I'm gonna first shoulder workout. If you can't do that, then you know, that'd be getting up bar. Triceps, you serious about building size on your triceps. I think the best exercise is close group bench press because it's like one of the few exercises that are just like a compound movement that focuses on your triceps. And the same goals for biceps, the revered movement, like close group chin ups are gonna be fucking crazy for your biceps. Look at any gymnast look with the cash that they're doing, you know, they don't like do curls, right? They do an mc chin ups, right? You can do dips for triceps. You can do overhead triceps extensions, but those are ones that I prefer. And biceps, chin ups, pull ups. If you wanna focus on your biceps, what are you doing? Chin ups and pull ups. Make sure you like out your elbow at the bottom. Right? If you want it to focus on back, don't like your elbow at the bottom. But if you don't want to focus on biceps, then you wanna lock your elbow. What happens is, the reason you don't want to do it, if you focus on back as your bicep will get too exhausted. If your bicep is a small, the muscle group, it'll fail before your back fail. If you wanna train back, focus on back, then don't lock out the elbows, and it won't recruit as much biceps. Another thing you can do to make it more bicep or back, put your thumbs around like this, either on chin ups or pull ups. And think of your hands as just like hooks. And you won't recruit as much as your bicep when you're doing pull ups. This way you can exhaust your back without your bicep getting this tired. If you want to focus on biceps, also move your thumbs around this side, like grab it like this. But for chin ups and pull ups, if you wanna focus on that, you can throw some bicep, the isolation movement's all for your arms, cause you know, you want to some curls with your girls, try steps, what a, I ain't got one for that. They're at the end of the chain, right? Your biceps, if you want to do what isolation movement is all except for calves and arms as well. But you definitely wanna have at least one of those, one of those cop-out movements with a tricep and bicep focus. Pick two of those exercises, do four sets of each, three times a week, if you've been training for longer and four times, if you're like me, I've been training for 25 years. I don't even get sore. I haven't been sore in years, right? So I do full body work every day, something like this every day, and I just wait till life makes me make take a rest day. Like if I got a fucking fly in a bunch of events, you know, life is gonna get in the way. I don't plan a resting. This is one of the reasons why people were saying, I was on steroids before I even went on TRT, because I'm doing more sets than yoga for yes. Almost all my sets are compound movements. Why wouldn't that get bigger than yoga for yes? If you're somebody's been working out for a long time or your training, you wouldn't learn how to make money. By starting your online fitness business, I actually got a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of Online Training. The link is in description, go ahead and check that out now.