Alright, in this video I want to break down the skills that you need to build a successful business. I'm well suited to teach you these skills and to rank them for you. Because over the years I've built several multi-eight figure businesses and I've also coached a lot of entrepreneurs and helped them build their business as well and I'm going to rank the top skills you need to build your business. Alright, I got this tier list set up and I got all the skills I think you need. Here's the rank system is a ball and out of control. Alright, that's the most important one. Then baller. It's important. Good, it's like, yeah, I mean, it's good if you have this. Okay, so I guess fine. And then BS like bullshit. A strategy would be in this category. We're going to start with the number one skill. I'm not going to waste your time. We're going to skip the floor playing and go straight to the penetration with sales. Sales is ball and out of control. Here's the thing about business. If you don't make sales, don't make money. Alright, sales are the life blood of a business. Both of your efforts, especially when you start now, is making sales. Everything else to take care of is to make sales. When you've got a business, it's the most important thing. If you be not making sales, you don't have a business. You have a hobby. In fact, in my organization, I always look at it like this. I really feel like sales is the new skillist. And then all the other departments work for the sales team. Some of the departments like marketing, right? When I'm on the marketing meetings, I'm like, how do we get our sales team more leads? But also how do we structure our marketing so it makes the sales teams job easier. And then customer service or fulfillment, I feel like they work for the sales team. They have to do a good enough job satisfying the customer. So the sales team gets testimonials and the sales team can use those testimonials to make more sales. And if somebody's on some sort of payment plan, we need to make sure that they're successful in their satisfied with their products, so they keep paying food to sales team. Right? So I really feel like sales is the new skillist. And everybody works for the sales team. That's how my mind works. Now, I have a bias because I've been doing sales for 25 years or so. And I started off as a sales person, right? So I have that bias, but I really think it's important. Also, if your sales team is good, it covers up a lot of scenes. For example, if you're running ads to a particular product or service and you have a sales team, taking orders, if the sales team is converting that to high rate, then the ads don't even have to be that good. Like I remember when I first started running ads, I wasn't good at first. Everyone in ads, like my cost per lead was trash, you know, everything I was doing on the ads side was kind of trash. I figured, man, as long as I get enough leads, I know that my clothes rate is high enough that I can aburton profitably. Once I got further along, I wanted to optimize the market in as little but to get me as long as you got to sales popping, it covers up a lot of scenes, a lot of problems in your business. You can still fuck shit up, but you could also save your business if sales fuck up. I can not tell you how many times I've been to business. It's like, I don't know what we're going to do, man. We're going to make payroll. Like, Mom, we're going to have the money to pay everybody. And it was like, fuck man, I just went on the sales rampage. And then, saying, give me every lead you can, let's go. And then I just started calling up leads, calling calling calling it in, I literally saved different businesses multiple times with the sales. And then an uncleeting bus sales, if you are good at sales, this is if you're in business or if you're just a sales person, you can get paid more for the same amount of work. It's a multiply. For example, if there's two sales people in their both working 40 hours a week, one has a 25% close rate, meaning they're close in 25% of people that talk to. And the other one has a 50% close rate. And they're close to 50% of people that talk to get the second guy is making twice as much money for the same amount of work. They're taking the same amount of calls, but because the skills are so high, he's making twice as much as the other motherfuck. This is super important. Sales is a force, a multiply. If you can learn sales, you'll never go broke. For example, I have a lot of confidence to take financial risk and to go super hard, you know, maybe go on an out-of-the-lead sometimes because I know no matter what, if everything falls down, this is a sale, she just falls apart. I can just do sales and make just as much money as I am now. I call up one of my homies, whereas I offer or something, but let me do your sales, right? Well, I'm at the little now because I let me run your sales team, you know? And I know, or let me train your sales team for, you know, or percentage of the commission. And I know I can get them off because they're selling their asses off. I know because I've done it. Not because I needed to, but I have friends who have sales teams and they'll call me in to talk to their sales team. I went in their businesses, started working with their sales team, and improved their sales teams, clothes rates, and they started making way more money. Right? Let's move on. The cousin to sales is marketing. I'm going to say marketing is ballroomer. Now, some people would reverse these because there is a thing where if the marketing is good enough, the sales doesn't have to be good. Right? If you're marketing, it is a really, really good. You don't have to be a good sales person. For example, if the rock wanted to sell online training, hey, I'm going to train to be born like he wouldn't have to get on a sales call with you, or on a long zone with you, he just said, hey, I'm offering online training, linking the bio and you wouldn't have to have no copy on the page or that no cool sales letter. There's a fucking bilingual in that shit was sellout, right? Because he's the most famous actor on earth. Right now, he's marketing himself to a point where he doesn't have to be good at sales, right? The marketing is so strong. However, that's super difficult. I think that's more difficult than learning sales. Personally, that's why I put it at ballroomer. But if you're in being an amazing marketer, then it's more scalable. You can be able to bigger business with good marketing. I think I'm no political ties. I'm not even going to tell you what I'm voting for. I don't care when it's the election. I'm not a Democrat or a Republican. But I think Donald Trump is the best marketer of all time. And the reason I say that is because you don't have to population the bull for him and become president without ever holding public office. No tracker in public office. Right, think about that. There's only one other person to do it. And his name was Dwight, the Eisenhower. He had to kill Hitler and save the world. Right. He had to fucking save the world. To do it. Trump just had to be a good marketer. That's not a policy decision. I'm not saying he's a good or bad guy. I think he might be the best. And as far as companies that I think market really will are Apple, Apple's probably the best in my opinion. I know that because before the in one chip came out, they were using Intel processors. Which means the insides that computers were the same as the PCs. They were able to sell their ship for almost twice as much. You know a bit, I get the operating system was a little different, but not different. I know because I used to build PCs. So I know how much. And it was like, yeah, these are my first really got them pay twice as much. And for the same ship. When the in one came out, that's what they changed. That's when I switched over the map. When it came out with the new chip. Anyway, I don't learn it out. I think Apple is great. Here's another reason I know it. Samsung makes some better phones than Apple. I know because I used to have both. I switched the Apple because the market in was so good. The green bubble, the most of the start shaming you for that ship. There's studies online that show that guys with green text get less dates. Well, because my have a more expensive phone. My girlfriend. When I first met her, I texted her from my Android a night swim. That shit was one of the best Samsung's you could get. And she said, you're Texas green. I can't tell you how many times I heard this. Listen, I switched phones. But that is. That's margin right there, man. Yeah, that's it. All right. Let's move on. Financial management. I'm going to put this as a baller. Like financial management in a county is fucking critical. You got to be able to really manage your finance and manage the books. Because if you don't do that, you could fuck around and make a lot of money. A steel gold bank. I had known people who had record years in their business, ended up losing money. Because they didn't know how to manage your finances. Right. Cypals, growths of organizations. I've seen it take down or organizations. Because they just didn't manage their finances appropriately. I learned how to do a county in college. I don't really know how you're going to learn a county without going to college. I'm sure you can't. Some kind of way. But you know, I was lucky enough to cook out. But it's super important. And you could hire someone to do it. But they can also rip you off. You know what I'm saying? You got to be on top of your shit. I do the county from my business to day to day stuff. But I hire people to do taxes. And you should like that. But I'm still looking at every transaction every day. Catarizing it. I know Zack was going over when my business and my money. Let's go with the next project management. I'm gonna put this as baller. Because I dealt with other businesses when you know doing like partnerships or we do different ventures with other people's business. Sometimes we start working with these motherfuckers. Me and my project manager, my CEO, oh Amber, we'll be like, fuck, these motherfuckers are a mess. Like the way they communicate, the way they plan shit is a mess with like we were in shit. Kinda, you know, it's like a type organization. One way I learned this, it was a guy. But he used to put together the project management strategy for click phones, which is like, you know, honey million dollar business. And I became cool with him. And he taught me the project management out where we used software to do it. Right. When I was in charge, we were using Trello. But now my CEO, oh, to use the click up right now. If you get some sort of project management software, you can use click up a sauna, Trello, base camp. Any of these software is this is really going to help you be more efficient with your team. More even for yourself. When you set a goal, you can write each step of the goal and then you put dead life in each step. But it assign each step to an individual person on your team. And then at a glance, you can look at it and see where everybody's at. If somebody's behind, you can be like, hey, asshole, get your shit together, you know. And everybody can see where everybody's at as far as a project. So concern, otherwise it just gets, it doesn't get done. I think people try to run organizations like this. And it usually fails unless the only people are seeing be successful with having fucking shitty project management. People who are like amazing marketers. Right. So we were dealing with this influencer. The ass like millions of millions of followers. So he could so many leads. But their organization was a fucking mess. They were still profitable because the influencer were so good at marketing that he got so many leads in. It's like, it'd be hard to fuck that up. But if they really get their shit together, man, they could probably be making like 10 million dollars a year if they had a better infrastructure. So this is nothing just like a multiply. You get the whole team on one page and you move faster. You want to go fast? Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go together. But everybody got to be on the same or the fucking page and everybody had to be moving. You had to be able to see where everybody's moving. You're being able to manage that shit. It's super important. Negotiating. I mean, listen, it's good. But I think people over sale, negotiation, right? Because I got really good in negotiating. I was studying here, read a lot of books. If you're good at sales, you end up being good in negotiating. But there's a point of diminishing returns when negotiation. You can negotiate so well that you can get exactly what you want out of the negotiation. But somebody who can do a business with they don't get enough. And if they don't get enough, they're not incentivized to work hard and they start half ass in the project. So it's almost better get so good at negotiating. I was getting whatever I wanted. But then the people I would partner with, they agreed to it because I'm good at negotiating them and I'm persuasive. It ended up not being very good for anyone. It's even me because they weren't invested enough for me to get their all. Honestly, it's better to make sure that everybody gets enough of the pie where everyone's incentivized to work hard. Because if everyone is incentivized to work hard, then the pie will get bigger. I'm a boy rhyme in this one said this man, it was like, dope is quote. You said, I don't care how big my slice of the pie is as long as the pie is who wants. You get them saying, but people worry about percentages and they worry about how much they're getting. For example, I used to manage influence. I had the business where I would manage influencers. People had a big following. We would help them build businesses. Digital products or physical products, me and my team would do everything because we could have project management where we're good at like all the other shit. And they're just good at like making videos or fucking being on Instagram or some shit. They were good marketers, right? And we did everything else from and we split it 50 50. Most of them were cool with that because they was way more money than whoever made and we were doing like all the work. They just had to keep making the same videos they've been making but like, we're like, we're getting shout out some shit at the end of it. But there was one influencer I remember. We were going to do a product with them. It feels like, man, I can't do 50 50 man. I'd give you like 15%. I'm like, oh man, we're doing all the work. I'm putting the money for the website, I'm putting the money for the CRM. I'm going to be putting up my own money for the ads. It's like, I can't really do that. You know, I need 50% to make that work out. And he was like, no, I mean, it's going to be a multi-million dollar business man. I want to do it. All right. I'm like, all right, man. You're like, well, all this shit did you see in your himself? One guy and he failed. You don't even be influenced in a more mean. I think this motherfucker got a job, right? But it's like he was so concerned about his slice of the pie being the biggest, the actual pie doesn't fucking exist anymore. Right? The keys to make sure everybody gets enough of their incentivized to work hard. You want to go far. What a gap. Customers service? I'm going to put this in good, you know, as long as the customers are satisfied. It'll be good because you want to make sure that you read good testimonials. And if you get really good testimonials, then that's going to really go to help you to market an effort. For example, when you see me promoting my business, high ticket trainer, where I teach trainers how to start their online businesses, I am always just showing the testimonials, man, because I can't say anything, but if I show you what everyone is. The results everyone's getting and it'll be super satisfied. You got to know how to talk to angry customers. I still don't really happen. Right? You know what? I guess it happens to some people sometimes. People know who they can fucking talk crazy to. People look at me and believe, get a man to six foot two black guy who's 210 pounds. Let me start yelling at him. Self preservation may outweigh their anger in those underlaterative senses, but you might have to do it anger because I don't think the customer is always right, man. If somebody yells at my fucking staff, we just kick him out. Like we were playing basketball and you got him a fucking point guard face, I might fucking fucking fuck you up, you know, you see, let me go get a flagrant. I got to say the press in this out here. All right, it depends on where you are with your business. Right? If you just start in, then it's good. But once you start making some bread, you want it to be here. Networking. You know, networking is bullshit, bro. Here's the thing about network. It only works when you have it pop. Muffin's ain't got nothing poppin. None of the show for themselves. And he's like, man, how do I network with people? I'm like, tell you don't, man, because you don't have nothing to offer these people. All right? So really what you're asking me is, how can I siphon value from these other motherfuckers? Right? Because you know, I ended up the offer. You got to get shit poppin first and this are networked. But here's the thing, once you got shit poppin, you don't even need the network. It might be helpful. It's cool. It's fine. I really don't think some of you need folks on. Like, I just don't believe that, man. I built a million out of businesses, man. Without motherfuckin help from motherfuckers. Right? I had mentors this shit, but I wasn't out here in network and going in network events. I'll do this now. And I'm super rich, right? And that's how my network is. I got it poppins at the point where motherfuckers reach out to me. But I don't need them. That's where it's most effective. You don't need each other. And then you can have a mutually beneficial relationship. But to focus on that when you don't have shit poppin, you're just trying to siphon value from others without anything to offer. And it doesn't work. You can get shit poppin on your own. And then once you have shit poppin, that work in a busy leadership. What you're going to put in ball and out of control. Leadership is super important. But you want to think about it the way I think about leadership. You ever see the birds flying in that V formation doing their migration. The reason they do that is because the bird in front is working hard in all the other birds in the aerodynamics of the bird formation makes it easier for the other birds to fly. What do you call somebody's a friend? Leader. The leader is working hardest. So my employees I feel like I work for them. I don't feel like all they work for me. I'm the boss. No, no, I work for them. And as a responsibility that I don't take lightly. These motherfuckers livelihoods depend on me. Someone got kids and stuff, right? You know, that kids dad doesn't eat because I thought, I'd feel like shit. I work for them employees. My job is to make their job easier to help them succeed and put them in the best position to succeed. You just watch the grates, especially in an NFL like the quarterbacks like the leader at a team. When they went a game in the grates, they never be on the lege house. I'm then nigga. Can't nobody tackle me. Every time my throw some shit is dope. The only reason we got them in the sessions because that bitch nigga couldn't catch. He ran his routes right. Not they never did a Patrick Holmes with never. When they lose, he says yo, it starts with me. We got the better start with me. I got to put my guys in the best position to succeed. I remember he threw a pick six, which is rare for Patrick. And he was like, yeah, I got to put the ball in position for him or see if he would get it. It was, I saw that game and it was a receiver. So, right? But Patrick, you know, he protected his guys and see the leader. You know what I'm saying? That's what the great leaders do. It's they start with me. They never go out there and play him in a team or something. When they went in Patrick's and I like yo, I'm the best ever. I carried all these motherfuckin bombs to all these superbolls. They said they make kids at me. Right? He never talked and liked that. Right? He's all these fake in this team. He's staying in the cold. You know, that's what the leaders do. Right? The person in front is working the artist, just like that V4Mase. But another part of leadership is you got to know when to let other people lead. So it's like sometimes we'll have a project and we'll come up with the game plan together. Somebody on my team is in charge. They're allowed to tell me what they're doing at all circumstances. It's like yo, need me to go, yo, you want to charge. You let me know how you want to do this, right? Because we came over the plan together, but at that point he's in charge and you got to know when to step back. I'm not trying to big time them. It was like yo man. I hired you for a reason. You know what I'm saying? Like I like the hot. I was filming with eight in I was like yo, eight in Zax me a question of her brother. What do you see, man? You got the vision, man. That's yo domain, man. I'm a yo turf right now. You film me. I'm not trying to get me get the camera, man. What the fuck yo stand over you shut up. Do it. Like I would never. I got to trust the people I leave to do their job. I don't hire people to tell them what they do. I hire people to tell me what they do. Presumably, they're better than me in the domain. I hired them for you know, it also takes some pressure off me if I did a good job hiring. And I trust the people's like, hey man, you tell me, what do you see, what you want to do? That's a big part of the leadership, but not everybody can do that. Every sometimes people got a micrerande, they got to be in charge of everything. And it's difficult for them to go far. Another circumstance I see in it a lot. It's just like in that V formation, that doing in the front, he ain't flying the front the whole time. At one point, he's going to go to the back and another bird go to the front. Sometimes you got to put a bird switch, right? So, when me and Aiden now filming, I came over the plane, right? The old we doing this man, I out the corner, but once we on what's we on set, we put a leadership bird switch, man. I go to the back of the line formation, Aiden there for right now. He in charge. We filmed the video in the last last and he was like, oh, I'm gonna get we need another shot. I'm gonna ride this. I was riding the lecture skateboard filming us while we driving the car. Yo, is that good? You want to do it again? You can say now we got it in the short. I got it. Oh, man. You should watch what you want to watch that video. It's a video of me when I'm a test drive in cars. So, that's about to get in the car, right? That's a leadership bird switch right there. But you got to be able to hire good, hiring a recruiting. This is honestly I'm gonna put this in ball out of control. You can only do that with the right team. Initially, when I first started my business, people volunteer to work for me, right? And if they did good after a while, then we would actually offer them a job. I stopped doing it a long time ago because what I noticed is you end up with an army of incompetence. These motherfuckers don't know nothing about nothing. Sometimes you get what you fucking pay for, right? And these motherfuckers don't know nothing. Now we hire people who come with a skill set. My foot is got to be good. We teach them to ins and outs of shit, but then they got to be good. You know, when the image on a team I was teaching them out of edit videos. I don't do any of the hiring anymore because I am the touristy bed at hiring. I might be one of the worst ever. But I would do leadership bird switch. My CEO, Oh Amber, she does all the hiring. And she would be like, oh, we got these people like Amber. I don't care. Who in your pick? I trust you, man. You let me know when it's done. And see, does all that, man. It just is the leadership bird switch. You got to be good at that. Because Amber's a player. She fires the a players. And if you got a players, you're really safe to the next level. Let's go with legal knowledge. Good. You know, make sure you're breaking laws. You don't end up in the being. Take that up north trip. You're filming you be sent up state. Some bullshit. You might not know, right? Because either UK say I know it was illegal. You can't tell that to the judge. Me, you know, I pity on that. You got to note a knowledge or at least build a hire someone said that's a for a communication. I'm put it okay. Like some people write this hire. I think if you build the culture of your business, right? Then you won't have to alter your communication as much, right? Your communication is a super culture. You can't sense sort of the way I talk to my employees, the way I talk to my team, it fits within our corporate culture. It probably wouldn't work stuff. Yes, company, you know, or shit is crazy, right? It's made up. Existing. This is my list. You might not agree with this. Creativity. I put that as a ball of the electro control. And it's going to go with problems. So I'll be telling you what, did to get them. Because business is all problems of all business solves a problem. For example, I needed a delicious drink that's highly caffeinated that I can consume multiple times a day to a ball harder. It's still see you solve that problem for me. I needed a wireless mouse and keyboard for my computer, right? Because I ain't well, why are there such a fucking machine? A lot of tech solved that problem for me. I needed a timepiece that allowed me to not only till the time, but also flex on haters while studying on homes. Some will taste it. I needed to do all three those things at once. All right, Richard, Millay solved that problem for me. They were well compensated for that. So business is all problem solving. To find the problems, takes creativity, but to solve the problem takes a creative approach. You've got to figure out a way to solve that problem. And you might have to figure out a way to solve it in a way that's unique or cheaper or more effective than the competitors. Creativity is a skill, right? It used to be, you know, like, you know, no, no, I used to be selling a Sony records as a rapper and producer. Right now, the college, that sign of Sony records, because that, because when I was a college, I used to open up for all the artists that were popular in 2000s, the opened up for T.I. Nuda Chris. Kind of your West right before the first album came out, the Adblis, a bunch of others. And I ended up playing instruments, I played keyboard drums and guitar. Even though I got dropped from the label, right? I am not a successful musician right now. But the time I spent in music, I believe it's holding my creativity skills, right? I can tell I can think of ways to solve problems where other people may struggle in those regards. But also creativity is important for marketing. If you're making ads, where you're coming out with marketing materials, it's like all creativity. It's almost a art more than a science. I believe I honed my creativity skills in music, you know, coming up with songs, writing music, making beats, it's like, what's the beats on my usual video? I don't know if you're on new day. That's one of my problems. I'm just so talented. I'm good at so many things. It's like it's hard to focus. Right? If you can find ways to create a ways to solve problems, or create ways to market yourself, then it's a multiplier. You can get things done faster, and you can accomplish more to someone who's maybe just a copycat. Operation is managing. This is really good. Manage all the parts of the business, making sure that everything operates smoothly. I'm not great at that, but that's why I have Amber Chief Operating Office. This almost like she runs the business. Like I help come over the plans, but like she from the technical aspects and working with the people she's running every day else. At this point, first I did everything. But what's I got her to do it is like, okay, that freed me up with the focus on the other parts of the business. Right? It's super important because the business runs so much smoother now. Human resource management is this HR. It's okay. I can't speak to it because Amber does all this. Again, I'm not the person hire. It's very, it's fair-ported. It may be should be higher. The decision making. Good. You got to be able to make decisions, man. Especially if you're going to be a CEO, you got to be able to make decisions. You got to be able to be able to need to size it when you're making those decisions. If you can't do that, you know, sometimes people get stuck from paralysis of analysis, and they don't really make moves, or they make moves hesitantly or timidly with too much trepidation. They don't really get shit popping as a result. There's also a risk management. I'm going to put this here, risk management. Everything's a risk, even doing nothing is a risk. And you got to be able to weigh your risk when I want to take any risk in business or in life. I ask myself a few questions. One is, what's the worst that can happen? And I want to try to make it feel better. I don't try to surcoated or make it better that it seems like what's the worst that can happen. I'm like, the absolute worst. And then I think to myself, okay, can I handle that? And if the answer is no, if there's any possibility, the worst is like more than I can handle, then I don't do it. If the answer is yes, then it's like, okay, what do I need to do in order to make sure that either doesn't happen or if it does happen, now I'm still in a good position. So that's comes with like plant bees, back up plants, contingency plants. People think that I'm super brave and risk adverse, but reality is I'm super cautious because I go through that protocol. I'm able to be confident because I got game plans. And I'm like, whatever thing, I remember we had to do an event in a late few years ago. I made sure my team brought back up cameras, back up hard drives, did it in a backup computer, right? We just had a backup for everything. It was extra expense, and it was more arduous than it needed to be. And at the end, our normal boy brought, I was like, man, you made his bring all the stuff, we didn't even need it. I'm like, man, that's like saying, man, you were just see, but we didn't even crash. That's like me saying, man, I had life in shorts, 10 years, I didn't even die. I think of these things like this, so like, I don't plan on the worse happening, but I have a plan if it does happen. I have a contingency, right? I have a fire extinguisher in my kitchen, right? I don't plan on burning the motherfucking kitchen down. You don't say that. I think the likely that it's low. But in the event that motherfucking burns down, I got, I got, I got a game plan, but I'm like that with everything, like pretty much every move I'm made, I really think about what's the worst in happening, but not even what's the worst can happen, like first order consequences, right? What's the worst thing that happened immediately? But then what's the result of that? That's second order consequences. I go with that, me. And then third order consequences, like what would that mean? This one is the offers, how to make offers. I think this is like baller super important. When you're selling a product of service, it's like, oh, like what's the offer? What are you selling it for? If you're selling coaching, okay, what kind of coaching are you doing? What are you going to give the client in for how much? Like, how do you structure the offer? You want to get offered to be so good. They would feel stupid. If they said no, that's a damn candid quote. And if you do that, that makes the sales easier. I mean, I'm going to put it in ball. Because if your offer is fucking a no brainer, then the market in the easier and the sales are easier. And it really makes everything easier. That's my list of skills you need to build a successful business. I have another video I'm going to put somewhere right here where it's going to be all about the lessons I learned being in business over the last decade and a half that's helped me build multiple millions of school check that video right now.