When I first started my online business, it was a lot more difficult than it is now. Started around 2009-ish, around that time. I started as an online trainer, and starting online business was significantly more difficult than it is now. We didn't have all the tools that we have now. In this video, I'm showing you a new tool that was helping you build your online business. Quicker and easier than I think I've ever seen in my life. It's called WAP.com. First, I'm gonna show you why I think it's a game change. When I first started, I had to have a website, I had to have a payment processor to some of the did you can take payments with, so you can accept credit cards, because you can't run a real business, taking cash, shopping, zill, even though those things didn't even exist back then. And if I wanted to sell a course or a coaching program, I had to have a membership site to host everything. And this was super difficult to do all this simultaneously, and then try to link all these things together. A lot of people use something like click funnels. I made a lot of money with click funnels, but before I used click funnels, before click funnels was invented, I had to make my first funnel by coding with HTML. I don't even know if you young kids know what that means. Well, I don't even know. Y'all might have thought it was like a sexual orientation, or something. But now HTML is a coding language. I had to learn HTML and actually build my website. Then click funnels came out and made it a lot easier. I made a lot of money with click funnels. I got there two comma club, where I got several two comma club awards. That's the award they give you. And you have a business with click funnels that does over $1,000 a year. I have several of those. You'd have the one in the world. You do $10 million a year. I have that click funnels award too. But then I still had to have another payment processor. I had to take payments. So a lot of times somebody would use something like stripe. Probably one of the most popular ones now, but I was taking payments with PayPal stripe. And then you got to have a membership site. A lot of times people would use something like the Kajabi or something like that. And you had to find a way to make all of these things talk to each other. And you got to integrate them all. Now I'm going to show you how you can do this whole thing from your phone with one service. It's called WAP. I'm going to show you how to build your own course right now. How you can set up a landing page with the website. How you can set up the payment processing and build the membership site all from your phone. No coding. You don't have to do HTML. You can do it all in one place. So you go to WAP from the app mute after you sign up. You can have different kind of businesses set up by a few businesses in here. I just started doing running my online coaching to hear just the payments. I've been taking payments. Mollonon coaching. When I actually train people, I take the payments to WAP now. I just started doing this like a week ago. What I realized is you can build your whole goddamn business with this shit. So let's say I wanted to start a new course. Let's say I want to sell a course or a membership program. Let's say we're doing sports bed. This is something I'm not going to do. We're going to call our sports bed and victory picks. It's going to be a sports bedding group. All right, victory picks. Money on your favorite sports. I say we ask somebody knows how to sports bed. Boom, now we're building victory picks. Now we have to upload some media. We can take a photo of this, right? So you just go to your media, boom, upload a photo. I just had this one on my phone. And I just happened at our own ad. All right, victim. Now we got to add a description. Weekly sports, bets and parlaze. I guess that's what you'll be talking about. All right, I could add a short bio by myself. I'm not going to do that right now. But what's really important is I can create a plan. Remember I said before you had to connect the different payment processor to your website. But we'll, it's built in. Wap has their own payments. Their payments are so good that with my online coaching, when I train people, I still train some people online. And I do the payments through Wap. Payment processing is good enough to just use that. But it's way bigger than that. You can put a FAQ and then here's a place where you're reviews and then you have some other wops. I mean, you've got to remember his wop is like a cardee be song. Wet ass profit. You're filming. All right, I can add a logo. If I want, I use that same image. We can build our course, literally straight from the ad. Now later in this video, I'm going to show you more about how to build courses, how to market them. You've got to have some of the sale first. That's where Wap comes in. So you build your profile. Great. Now we want to add our plans for our payment. We need to add a plans. All right, we can make it free if we want. I'm not doing that. All right. So it can be a single payment. You can pay once and stay in forever. Or you can do a subscription. Let's do a subscription. We're going to charge, pick the victory picks. Man, we got to charge at least 100 for the victory picks. And it can be once. You set it up as like his payments. So they pay a few times or you can make it infinite. Right, as long as you win, man, you win it. All right, you can set up a free trial if you want. Maybe you want to set up a free seven day trial. Let them know, man, man, get away. We are here getting money. Home, you need to get this money with us. Set up a little free trial. And we'll get set up an initiation fee if you want it. You can charge them a thousand dollars to get started. But you don't have to do that. You don't want it. We can add to a wait list. Now we can add what's called a app. All right, so this is pretty cool. Now they have these things in your car apps. What kind of stuff do I want in my community? But maybe I want a chat in there. All right, so now I got a chat and I can set that up. Now I can add some more apps. I maybe I got a paid section of my discord. You can add this and link your discord in there. Somebody would have to join through my walk and then they get access to a secret paid area. My discord. A lot of people run a walk like that. So I got the discord in here. I got the chat. Let's see. I want to add some more. You can set up a access to your paid telegram group. And this and this was cool with the telegram and the discord. The integrations with walk is if somebody misses their payment or they cancel their WAP subscription, they automatically kicked out of the discord and they're automatically kicked out of the telegram. So you don't have to do it yourself. Like I think that's incredible. And but maybe I want to add like a whole goddamn course in here. Explain to my philosophy on sports beds. All right, so I'm cool. Come in and make my course. And you can make your quarter from your phone. Create course now. How? Two beds. One, Sports. Ten you. We bet. Right. How to pick the best. Winning teams and parlaze. Cool. Cool. Bam. Now I can go into my course. It already says me up. So I got the first chapter in the first lesson. I'm going here. Go chapter one. Lesson one. I could upload the file right now. Upload file. Let's say I already had to file on my phone. Bam. Upload it. It's about to be up in here. Now it's just processing. We can create new lessons. I can create another lesson here. Boom. Multimedia text, PDF, whatever it is. Or I can create a whole new chapter. So as many like chapters or these can be modules. Make as many as you want. And what's cool about this is I can make it so they actually have to complete it in order. It's more focused case skip around. And that's a really cool feature to have. They can't skip around. They got to do an incest sequential order. Maybe I can do that. And I could do my whole course here. Go back here. Upload an image. Bam. Create something like a form. Boom. So I'm going to the form. But maybe I don't want everyone talking to the form. Maybe it is where I want to do my announcements. So boom. Only the admins. Me and my other sports bed and teams can do it. But maybe I can let them comment or something. Cool. And I got a web hook to the discord if I want to. And that, I'm pretty much done. Building my whole course. I can take payments right now. I can take payments right now. That easy. So I'll set up of course you're going to have to put your bank information in and order back in. I can start selling this right now and I did it all from my phone. If I had the videos. And I think this is amazing that you can do this now. Because remember, I had to do HTML when I started in all nine. And I had to have a bunch of different programs. And I had to try to link them all together. Sometimes they wouldn't be able to talk to each other. Wopp is doing a promo where if you made $3,000 in your first 30 days, they have some different rewards for this contest. They're going to feature you want to build board in time square. Because they're based in Manhattan. Time square. But they have other prizes too where they're going to fly to New York. Two nights stay in New York. All expenses pay. You get to visit the Watt Pack orders. They got tons of employees. It's like a really big, well-funded company. And they're going to take you to a five star Waggle steakhouse. Yeah, this is amazing. You definitely want to miss out on this. Even if you've got a course for using some other processes, you need to start fucking Watt, right? Because this is, I think this is the future. Like we're slowly moving all of our stuff over there. I'm already doing my own nine coaching over there. And moving our victory trades program over there. And, you know, I'm in the process of moving my entire business to Watt. Got a business or if you're starting one, I think you start with Watt. I have a link in my description right now. Where you're going to get started and you get access to it immediately. And it's free to sign up. We're getting this Watt money. But how do we promote our Watt? So now we got to promote it. We're going to use social media. And then we're also going to do use ads. We break down what this looks like. So with social media, we're going to use the platforms like Instagram, News Facebook, YouTube, and TikTok. And what we're going to do is we're going to create content. And you need to do at least once a day. Now, what kind of content are you going to create? It's really kind of took forms of content. The most important is going to be helpful educational content. The reason that's important is because if you're making helpful educational content, right, if you do, if you just do Wattyshit, what are going to you? No. Yep. Nope. Nobody made a goddamn dime doing that dumb shit. He crates none of them. Right. Yeah, you want to make content that helps people accomplish their goal. Kind of like I'm doing right now for your goofy. Yeah. Right. And you make this content and what happens? People share this content. This is how you grow social media. If you look at my, I don't know how to post it, but if you look at my most popular videos, it's like how to get a six pack, how to lose fat. Right. It's actually shit that helps people accomplish their goals. We not out of here being wacky and we're not being zany. That's a, that's a, this is a rookie. Do not do nothing fucking zany. Do not do nothing wacky. You are not a clown. Right. You are a educator, right. Ain't nobody buying no courses from flavor, flavor, even though he's entertaining, right. We're not trying to buy shit from him. We want to be, we want to position ourselves as experts in our field. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, we made with sports betting where we called it victory picks. I would do something like breakdowns, some of my parlaes that hit. And I would teach them how I came to those conclusions. Maybe even give them some free picks sometimes, right. A free picker to we go, man, this is my free parlae free parlae Sunday, man. Over time, these people like man, that his free shit's so helpful. I wonder what it's like to get to pay it. And don't be, give, don't be afraid to give them information. There's no way you can give them too much. In fact, you should go so hard. We give them information. And some people will just be free loaders and it'll just get to friction. But those people will become huge fans. They'll be social proof for you. So when someone who is like a real customer finds you and they see all these people who love you, even if they're not buying their social proof, they're showing the potential customers that you're the man. But then you also got to show proof. Right. So proof that your shit is real. You know, the testimonials is the best way. Reviews before and after. Alright, if you look at my story right now, go in my story on Instagram right now. I don't care when you're watching this. There will be some testimonials from my clients who I've helped them succeed. And I showed it all the time. And there's also going to be some hopeful educational content that was posted today. You know what I'm saying? This is what you do now. This is slow. How do you grow your following? By doing this, there's no tricks. The key to growing your following. Remember this, it's just in your brain. Post-dope shit consistently. That works for all platforms. Post-dope shit consistently. That's all you have to do. And you will grow over time. It may not be like a rapid hockey stick girl. You may not go viral, right? But you some of you should will go viral. If you're posting every day, you take 365 shots per year. Some of them is going to hit and then you'll get data from that. And you're going to get better at posting. Alright, so even if you suck at posting that, if you suck at social media, that's fine. Because not a lot of people watching you. What's going to happen is you, but if you post everything for a year, you're going to get good at this shit. You're going to get good at posting. You're going to get good at making content and you're going to learn what works, what resonates with the audience who it doesn't. But you can't skip that base where you got to actually just put in the work. Now let's talk about ads. If you want to speed things up, this is something what we did with Sput my homie splashman. It was in high school and I started mentoring him. He was selling like t-shirts. Based off of NBA players. Right? So like a James Hard in T-shirt. I think that's who it was the legal, right? I think he owes James Hard. He didn't wrestle in wrestle, wrestling works a money, right? So when he did was he paid for shoutouts to popular pages in his niche. So basically these, you see like mean pages or sports pages or pages where they just post shit, they not selling shit, but they have like millions of followers. How did they make their money? He's off a shoutouts. There's one thing I forgot about. Fruit is you got to be flexing a little bit too. If you're selling a fitness shit, then you need to flex house fucking strong. You are out fucking good. Your body is, you know, it might early days in YouTube. I never wore a shirt. You can't say it. I never wore a shirt. Even now, I don't even wear sleeves. I'm a 42 year old man. And you almost never see me with sleeves on. That's unheard of. I'm charred in New Brown. If you still have to make money, there's a reason I got on a $2,000 dollar watch. And Cartier bracelets in the audience. You got to want to walk in your image. If you're a relationship coach, you better be in a fucking relationship. You better be in a relationship. Otherwise you're a scam man. I know some bitches who called themselves relationships go to the end. And then bitches get a keep a man for shit. They scam. So you got to really be, you got a show that you really live this shit. The reason flexing is under, but because it's got to be proof that you really live this shit. Like you wouldn't hire a fucking homeless success coach. Would you know, you know what I'm saying? Now, some of you may be saying it all man, but Bill Bollachek, he's a good coach and he never, through a football, get shot the fuck up man. He am saying you live in the real world. You ain't trying to be Bill Bollachek. And you ain't paying Bill Bollachek for shit, right? He doesn't have to market himself. You have to market yourself to the masses. He just needs one person to iron. The GM of a fucking football team. You have to market yourself to a masses. So if we're going back to our victory bets, when we saw the sports set, bets is fake. I don't really do that. Right? But every fucking day, every Sunday, like Gilman, we hit the parlay, you know, bam, I'd be throwing money. You're saying, have my girl put on a bikini. You're saying, and I start throwing money at her titties. You're saying, we hit the parlay, we hit the parlay, and the titties bounce. The titties bounce and the money bounce off the titties. That's what I would be doing for that business. If I had a different guy business, I'd be doing something else. Right? Anyway, that's step one. The next step is you could actually run ads to your videos. If you have some good educational content, that content boom, you run ads to this. You don't do not go on Instagram and hit the promote button. Don't order boost button. That button was designed to take money, even people don't know how to run ads. The only way to do it is to actually go to the Facebook ads manager, set up a real campaign. And you want your target to be the campaign objective is going to be video views or engagement. Maybe it's engagement. And you run people when you pick the video you want to views, you just just put a video that's already on your Instagram. That's how you run a shit. Or if you do it on YouTube, it's a video that's already on YouTube. So something you've posted organically, when you posted some content, it's already doing well. And you basically run ads to that content. Do not hit the boost button. That button is the in the history of Instagram or Facebook, no humans to my knowledge. Have hit that button made money off of it. You have to go through the ads manager. I'm telling you, that's the way to do it, because you really have so many more options. If you've never looked at ads manager, you're going to be shocked, maybe even a little scared. And how detailed you can get your target in. And it's too much for me to go into now. You can target everybody who ingame with your video, right? Everyone who's liked the video or something like that. You could just target them, or you can make what's called a look-a-like audience. Instagram or Facebook will go fine about a million people just like those people. Right? And you can market it in to the look-a-like audiences. That's what you want to do. You can't do that if you hit the boost button. You know when you talk about something and you see an ad for it. Pop-up. Yeah. People who the Marvel's Rennet ad did it in the ads manager. They did not hit the boost button. These are the things you do to boost you, right? But you want to wait to already have a piece of content that's already popping. This is Go Man. I hope you all painted it. And then the next thing you do would be paid podcasts. Like you can pay people to go on their podcasts. And then you can just, especially if you got a sport, if they got a sports podcast or something to say, we're doing it. They got a sports podcast that was selling sports picks. Like we did before. Go on a sports podcast and pay them. Like these these podcasts, a lot of them make their money. A good portion of their money from the guests. A lot of these guests pay to be on a podcast. When you see somebody on a podcast, and you never heard of it before, he probably met. Right? If it's a pop of the kind of one. But you do it in this order. Is this this is step one? This is too much more sophisticated. And this is three. And if this is if you got some bread, if you don't get some bread, then you relegate it as quickly to organic social media marketing. But then these are the ways you run at. And boom, you're in all the traffic goes to your. Wow. Yeah. I think I just gave you a master class on how to build your course. I'm going to make another video on exactly how to put together of course. All right, how to structure one. You make sure you join while. Because if I wish this this kind of platform existed when I first got started, I would have got way richer a lot sooner. So go ahead and join. Wobb right now the link is in the description. They're doing a new contest. You get 3K in 30 days. You get the chance to possibly be flown out to New York. A billboard in Times Square. You know, five stars. State dinners. All types of really cool shit. Join Wobb right now. And hit the link in the description.