Don't chase Chase victory because Come with victory. Only thing you ever need to know about when it comes from 50 cents sophomore album rider music You hustling backwards if you're chasing a Stupid taste of paper they come with As all you need to know you don't need to read artists adoption You know you listen to pick up You need to look max you need to Victory max chase victory because Come with victory when I see guys obsessing over girls it'd be like Carrying about the trophy instead of the championship The trophy comes with the championship if you win the championship you get the trophy Matter of fact you can't win the championship without them giving you a trophy and they give you a ring and you get a bunch of money But if you just get the trophy just the trophy is nothing without the championship I can still a trophy that'll make me a champion. I can buy a trophy from the store I don't mean all one nothing chase victory not bitches What does that look like imagine you're drink girl? She's perfect every women everything you ever drink though the way she looks her attitude and peckin and just imagine what type of dude? You have to be so that chick finger-banks are self to you. Pitch it that guy and become him So with that guy that guy probably in this shape. He's probably got tons of disposable income Listen 50 shades of great dudes whipping her ass and she loved it because he's a billionaire If you do that shit now, that's a song the billionaire starts fucking her up in the bedroom is sexy So he's probably in this shape probably as disposable income. He's probably mentally stable When people say work on yourself this what we're talking about get your money right get your fitness right get your mental for the two right And you won't have to worry about no bitch. Oh you'll have to do is just be the man If you become that guy then your dream girl will be on someone else's live string Ask a napma fucker house. You can get someone like you and that's what you want You'll have your pick of many girls like that and you would decide okay you try a few out of this one school Mmm, I don't know again. This one this is no gym. You can toss her a side and then you keep trying to you find the right one They'll come to you if you are the man. I just wish more guys understood that because if you just chase girls You won't get all the other stuff because you have to chase there's a lot of effort and energy to go into chasing But if you focus on like sit that I hope you get the money get your fitness right get your your mind said right then girls Would be chasing you when the man walks into a place the bad bitches are trying to get close to him If a mother fucker has to have a bunch of risk and do a bunch of antics and shit That motherfuckers not the man but looks money status. There you need to some guys who max out looks and they're like Super high right you got to be the best you can be but if you ain't a model you ain't gonna be a model But you know, but a dual man of dude gets in shape low body fat gets muscular gets his clothes right. Okay, but looks is not as important Is this is the thing but it's not as important to women as it is does get all Things being equal she rather fuck a pretty motherfucker than a gruesome motherfucker right they don't put as much value on it as us But if you really max it out like the sum of fuckers I know some guys who when they just go somewhere bitches just throw them so that Adam cuz away. Look right that probably ain't us That's cool longs you now gruesome like she can bear us to fuck you You know like some of you guys you ever fuck some bitch and like you don't want on a note man you're sneaking around the crib As long as it's not that you want good shake money now You can make it so much money. You can't make it self as pretty as any motherfucker But you can get your money fucking right and that just takes work and effort and here's the thing Some people say man, but you only attract gold diggers man shut the fuck up bro You go ask your mom right now. Yeah, they had identical twin they were identical in every way and one of them was making some of them You did the other ones a maltime millionaire which one should want to be with if she has a fucking brain She's gonna pick the maltime millionaire right there everything the same why not pick the motherfuckers That doesn't make her a gold digger that makes her a rational union Dean if you put a dog in the street Amy gave him the option to live with a motherfuckin a small crib where a motherfuck who had a great house and a yar for him The girl who he gon pick right no make the god dog a gold digger just makes it a Mambal with some goddamn sense you got a pick a friend there's that really the same in every respect They said ones a more time millionaire and ones a regular motherfuckin who would you pick if you got any sense? You picked the friend who's a maltime millionaire doesn't make you a gold digger just makes you a rational human and bitches We'll do the same but the thing is the difference between men and women is like yeah We'd rather have friends than have money if our girl has money it's cool It'd be better like you if a fucking chick who's a herding a billion dollars wants to fucking marry You'd probably be excited about it right women were moving money makes women cry between their legs Well, it's like it's an apple dizzy yet, man, and then status like it doesn't do the same for us Like if a chick got high status it doesn't mean you know it's cool if you fuck the superstar Or something it's cool because you bragging rights It don't give you an erection her status it does for women Honestly if you want to read any fucking pickups, you just read the evolution of desire by Dr. David But that's the only thing you need to know and what he's gonna tell you is to be the man You know there's something about status it makes you super attracted to one They throw themselves as you have high enough status So it's really looks money status and the thing is you need to focus on money because money improves your life the most and you can buy status status For sale you can spend money to increase your status Whether it's a status symbol like a watch or a car like I know people who invest money into their social media to grow it Just so they just come to them like I make us with it. That it increases their status, you know It's a bunch of different ways. I know people who paid public relations mostly for their business But they got like publicity almost they started to pull this thing. They told me oh, yeah, man They didn't more bitches Money bro you look something y'all walking around with goddamn pizza face purple only pizza face motherfuckers Wanna play a connect that's on you fucking selfie? Should look like constellations you can go to a dermatologist and get that fix man or you said you can get you a trainer You could start eating better you can get better clothes better fit and clothes I put on my suit man my suit is tailored though. I invite you to the record won't they don't make shit up and rap for motherfuckers like this They got to make it towards the average man average man ain't walking around looking like the Oscar statue You can improve your looks with money you improve your lifestyle with money and status can be bought So that's what you got to focus on money and then if you do all these things even become the man you won't have to worry about women You'll have to worry about what to do with all the women how to juggle all the women how to manage all the women and if you find one You're like you have a little okay. How do I keep myself in a way where I don't accidentally fuck your What I'm just right that's gonna be the problem you have if you fucking work on being the man not how do I talk to focus on becoming the man