In this video, I want to give you the blueprint to how to make $5,000 a month as a online trainer. I'm well suited to tell you how to do this because not only you have, I've been an online trainer for over 15 years. I've made millions of dollars from online training, but I've helped other people build usually successful online training. Businesses do it in full time. Some people have no experience. Some people have never trained anybody before in their life. Some people have never ran a business before, but I've been able to help over 15,000 of these people. I don't feel successful online fitness business. I'm going to show you how to do it too. Before I get into it, I also have a free ebook called the Tank Commandments of Online Training. You can click the link in the description right now. And it's really going to give you even more detail than I am able to give you in this YouTube video. If set you down in the right path, it's 100% free. Let's get into it. So, you can become a successful online trainer. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big file on it, even if you're not certified. Right? Just no law saying you have to be certified to train people online. And being certified doesn't mean you're a good trainer. You just means you passed a test. I'm not saying anything against certified. I have certification with that. That's great. I learned a lot. I'm not speaking against education, but I don't want you to think that it's limitation. I've helped tons of people build successful online training businesses. And they've actually helped people get great results. Online without ever being certified. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to build your online fitness business. And I'm going to show you how you can get great results for your clients. Because that's really what's important. If you don't get great results for your clients, and you are a scammer. So, a lot of times when people say, you know, man, I want to be online trainer, but they say that if it's industry or online fitness industry is over saturated. They're both right in wrong. Let's say this represents all trainers. How many trainers do you think there are online? Like, how many motherfuckers would trainer in a bio and screen do you think there are? There are millions. You do not want to compete with all of those people. You want to stand out. Now, what you do that is by having what's called a niche. So, step one of becoming an online trainer is pick a niche. Or niche if you are pretentious. Pick a niche. Now, when I say niche, this means something you want to specialize in. Because if you are just a fitness guy or a fitness girl, then you have to compete with millions of trainers. Under those circumstances, it is over saturated. But we're not going to do that. We're going to pick a niche and we're going to become specialists. Right? So, I want to show you one of my students. Kelly Nicole Fit. Kelly made $1.5 million last year as an online trainer. And she specializes in helping women. Basically, Recom. She wants to get a smaller waist in a bigger butt. She specializes in it. Right? And she made $1.5 million last year. But she's a specialist. If she was just a fitness girl, she wouldn't stand out. She didn't have this kind of following when I met her. I helped her grow her following. And we're going to talk about that in this video as well. Even with a small following, she was making over 20k a month. So, first thing you guys do is pick a niche. Become a specialist. When I think of a niche, I think of it like this. This in-sense for niche. You want to think about who you are selling to? What problem do you want to help them solve? Because business is all problem solving. Right? I need a microphone that I can yell into. And it would pick up my wonderful voice without picking up the background noises or anything that may be happening. And sure, solve that problem for me. I needed a device where I can write on for my YouTube videos. Apple saw that problem with me with this iPad Mini in this Apple pencil. It's all proud. So, what problem do you want to solve? When you really get specialists, how are you going to solve that problem? This is the most important part. Who are you going to help? What problem are you going to help yourself? And how are you going to solve that problem? When I first started my own life in this business, and mind, you, I did this back in like 0809. Right? Right after the financial recession, after my father killed himself. Right? I was working like several jobs. And I had to take care of the whole family. And I figured, man, it's got to be a better way. And the only thing I was really good at is training people. Because I've been a trainer since 1917. First thing I had to do was find out my niche. You know, this is something that I learned in business school. Right? Because I would graduate from Howard University. So I took these principles and applied it to online training. And so who I wanted to market to was men. But not all men. I wanted to focus on young men. So men who are like, it's called it 25 to 35. It's very important that you pick a gender and an age range. And let me tell you why. Because it's difficult to market to men and women. A lot of trainers have taken issues with this, because they say, oh, I want to help men and women. You can train men and women, but it's difficult to market to men and women. So for example, let's look at, you can look at secret to the other and you can just look at it without knowing anything and you know where they're market into. Right? Like look at the the the the fonts. Look at the colors. Now let me ask you a question. Are men and women's armpits way different? No, pretty much the same. But they're marketing to women. Now if we look at the order to market it towards men, you can look at this and kind of tell who they're marketing to. For example, this one has a goddamn fucking bear biting the name out, biting into the name. We can safely assume that's for men. Even if they don't want to say, look at the colors. The font than the names. Here's the thing. This fresh scent of I have this in the house and the secrets like powder, fresh scent, exact same ingredients. This is almost nothing different. It's exact same smell, too. They're owned by the same company. But they know it's both proctor and gamble. It's same company, but the brands are different because it's difficult to market the women the same way you want to market them to men. For example, if we wanted to have the owner that was marketed towards men and women, what would we pick? What color would it be? What would be the name? What would be the font? Whatever you decide, whatever you're thinking is going to be something that's not appealing to either one of them. So you can train everybody which came marked anyway. And then I picked the age range. You want to pick a 10 year age range because men age 25 to 35. They think similar enough. But the man in his 40s, I'm 40 now. I'm 42. I do not think the same way I thought when I was 25. The marketing that appeals to a 25 year old guy is not going to be the same market and it's going to appeal to me. And vice versa. So when you think about our marketing, we want to stand out. If you stand out, you can't appeal to everyone. Look what I did though. I remember all trainers. Well, I said, fuck it. I'm only going to focus on men. No, diddy. But not even all men. Only men age 25 to 35. So boom, already I'm not competing with a bunch of people. I'm not going to be the raw trainers. I'm only trying to get a small segment of the market. And now my content is going to stand out. Now we got to go to what problems we want to solve. I chose to help people get ripped. And I knew that meant they wanted to be muscular and with low body fat. But I used their language get ripped. If I was marketing in the women, I would say get toned, right? Because that's what women say even though it was a trainer, we know that that means they want to be muscular with low body fat. But then you got to think why does that person want to get ripped? So here's the thing. The reason a man aged 25 to 35 wants to get ripped is going to be different from a reason why old man wants to do it. Old man might want to do it because he wants to live longer. He wants more energy. He wants to be able to play with his grandkids, walk his daughter down the aisle or some shit. But young man, you're not thinking about that shit. What is he thinking about? Girls. In fact, a man aged 25 to 35 is difficult to get him to think about anything else. So when I was doing my marketing, it was me either me being ripped or girls with eggs. Right? That's what I showed. For most of my most popular, just me being ripped. A woman's seat was seen as in think, oh, I don't want to look like that. I don't want to look that muscular. Right? It wasn't for her. It was for the guy. And even the workout videos, I would have girls in them, not to attract girls. But so, but for the guy, you see, curdling your video, man, it's like, okay, cool. I might keep watching. So it's what? You focus on what they want. Oh, now this changes as you change them, graphics. This right here is why it's difficult to market the both genders. The what? and it's going to be different in the different niche, right? And how I'm marketing myself was I do keto now, but back then I did intermittent fasting with bodybuilder, or just abbreviated. So think about this, millions of trainers. How many of them 10 years ago, right? Tell men aged 25 to 35 get ripped with intermittent fasting and bodybuilder training. There wasn't a lot of people who did it back then. I was one of the few. I specialized in this. And that would maybe stand out. Now I'm a specialist, not a generalist. And specialists always make more money than generalists who makes more money. A heart surgeon or a regular as doctor, right? You go to them. If you got an ear infection, get throw it hurt, you got an STD or something, right? Or a mother who only operates a heart, right? The specialist. Now even if the fucking STD doctor is like, you know what, man? I know how to operate on hearts. I would even want them to. I want them to go on the operates on hearts. I want the specialist and people want the specialist too. So imagine two trainers. One of them, the only helps men age 25 to 35 get ripped with intermittent fasting. In verse the guy, he's just a fitness guy. He'll help you do whatever you want, man. If you want to be a pro athlete, help you with that. If you obese, you'll help you with that. If you want to be a power lift or help, you with that. Yeah, men, women, children, everybody. When the guy age 25 to 35, who wants to get ripped with intermittent fasting. When he sees those who train their who's he going to pick? There's no competition. In fact, he'll pay the specialist more, right? Because he's a specialist and you stand out. So that's that one. And in the ebook, 10 Commandments of Online Training, I talk more about that and I get some different examples of my students who've used it. And it'll help you get idea of what your niche should be. But it's critical you have a niche. This is also how you grow your following. Because step two is once you find out what your niche is and who your target market is. And what they want, make content around your niche to show that you specialize in this thing. This will actually help you grow faster than if you just did general fitness. Because this is how you grow online. People have to share your content for you to grow. That's the main way people will be able to share it. So when somebody who's in your niche finds you and you post something that's helpful, what they do, they share it. They show it to the friends and they probably have friends who are like them. We have the same goals and interests in the gym. And they share it to that's how you grow your following. That's the only real way to grow your following. Put it out really good content that people share. So you gotta make content specifically range in only your niche. These companies are smart. So when they do boost your shit or put it on explore page or put it on the homepage, it's not on everyone's homepage. It's not on everyone's explore page. When they see a certain amount of people, a certain kind of person interacting with your content, is going to show it to more people like that. So something that's on your explore page is going to be way different than what's on my explore page. Because we're in the different shit. The people who are into that is going to show on their page. If you're making general fitness shit, nobody's going to be excited enough to share it. It's not going to show the algorithm that it's to show it to more people like that. So the way you grow your following is actually to narrow your market. That's to start posting content on your niche. That's step two. Step three is you want to start entering Facebook groups where your niche is. So some of you are guys thinking I don't have a big following. That's cool man. There are tons of Facebook groups full of people in your following. And Facebook groups. We we call this group hacking. I talk about it in the book. Once you have your niche, you know they want. And you go in those groups and you also start posting helpful content in those groups. You would do it every day. Find this many groups. Spots with this tons of groups. You want to start posting helpful content in those groups. And I tell them people you want a come train with me. Nothing you just post a helpful content in the groups. Step four. You want to start DM conversations with the people who engage with that content. The people who like the content. The people who comment on it. You want to hit them up into DMs and start conversations with it. And you don't say hey buy my shit. I saw you hey was going on bra. Saw you comment on my video. What fitness goes you need help with. Something along those lines. You just start a conversation with them about their goals. You need help with fitness man or what what are you struggling with when it comes to your fitness goals. You just ask questions and they'll tell you and just keep asking questions. I give my I give my students a script to follow but the people are you asking what they're trying to come to the fitness goal. Assume what's been holding them back. You can give them some advice. They're new and bite them to get on zoom with you. This is where you sell them. We're not going to sell them at DMs. We're going to start conversation at DMs and they get them on a zoom call. That's why I teach all my students who are making up much money. And on a zoom call is better if you have a sales group. I don't have time to go into it now. But you can get a sales group from anywhere you can learn sales. And basically you're going to ask some questions about what they're struggling with. What their problems are again. And then you're going to tell them what they need to do to come to the goal. Then you're going to ask them if they want to help with that. And most of them will say yeah they don't want to do it on their own. They've been trying to do to show it on their own. Because they know what they do but they need help. They don't need more information. They need help staying accountable. And when they say yes you're going to tell them how you help them. I'm going to tell them how you're going to give them a custom diet plan, custom work out plan. But most importantly you're going to keep them accountable. You're going to check on them every day. Make sure that they actually follow the plan. Make sure that they actually follow the diet. This is step six. They set up a Google sheet with their workout plan and their diet plan and have them fill it out. Have them fill out their macros every day. Have them fill out the workouts every day. What they did. And you check on them every day. You need to hit your clients up every morning. And if they did follow the workout plan and you say you're going to get a good job. Let's keep up that momentum. If they did not follow the workout plan or they did not try to do that. Then you say to them hey man what what happened yesterday. What what can we do to get you back on track what you want to do is you want to get them Positive reinforcement you need to do some right and negative reinforcement when you do some wrong. It was going to happen is you're going to be training them. But not just training them like the way you think about training as a trainer. I mean training the way you train them as a pet because that's how we train pets. I don't have a pet but I assume just how you got to train your dogs. They do some right you give them a treat. But it's all from the positive reinforcement. When you do some you don't want like you know chew a pochew bite the baby piss on the girl for an hour. Right then you give them negative reinforcement. You hit them with a newspaper, you're spraying water, pistol whip on my own how you work. How dog works. But the negative reinforcement they learn not to do it. We're going to do the same thing with humans. All right because it works with humans too positive reinforcement and then they're going to give them a habit of actually tracking their diets and tracking their workout plan. Here's the beauty of it. You don't even have to give them a good plan. It's better if you give them a good plan and I teach my students how to give them good plans. But anything of work. They need to get them to get them to work. He's a study by do university. They had a bunch of fat boys. All they had to do was track their fucking macros and calories in my fitness pal for three months. They didn't give them no workout plan, no diet plan. They didn't have them in a croquant deficit. They didn't tell them to do it in the fast and keep all vegan. None of it. This is just track your fucking calories fat ass. Right? And guess what happened? Over the course of the three months they lost on average five pounds. with no plan, because just the mere act of tracking people actually lose weight. Now you can give them a better plan than nothing. Like these science nerds gave them nothing and they lost weight. That's the power of tracking, because anything you track, a form is willing to prove. Is the cheat code of life? If you want to get better, something to start tracking it. Keep yourself accountable. Most people won't keep themselves accountable. That's what they fact. That's what it came to you. And our job is to keep them accountable. And the beauty of it is it's like, AI can't do that. AI can't keep them accountable. You can ignore a computer or at, or even a, a fucking auto text message. I know from the last election, I ignored all the text messages from both parties. I gave nobody nothing, but I responded to all my friends. I responded to my mom, right? You respond to people. AI can't replace that. The human touch, you can actually always charge a premium for. People don't even value stuff this auto generated. Right? When you get an auto generated text or a messenger from you, ignore that shit. emails, you ignore that shit. But from the subfer from a human, you're going to pay attention to. Right? So that's why this is never going to go away. Only human's going to keep the human is accountable. Right? It's just like when you go to the gym, it's way harder to skip fucking leg day if your home is going to meet you there. Now, you may be saying how much do I charge? Let me give you some context. When in person training, the average trainer at the average gym in America charges a hundred dollars per session. Some places charge a lot more. Like, Equinox is like 250 per session. So if they see that person three times a week, that's 750 dollars per week. But the average is 100, which means if you see a cherry at a three times, that's going to be $300 per week. So every time you see someone in the gym training with trainer, they're paying somewhere around that price. The thing is, the trainer is only going to focus on working with them for that hour during the gym. But now that means they got one, three other hours today to fuck everything up, to fuck up their sleep and to fuck up their diet. Most important part, the diet, most important part, I remember this one. I was an in person trainer. There was some people no matter how much I train them and when it was weight, I was a good trader. And I noticed that there was a robegan instructors, a few robegan charges at the gym. Their job was cardio. It's my focus sweating like a horror in church all day in the cardio room. And they were still like a headbelly's in shit. That's because you can't out train a bad diet. You can't out diet bad training. People with a man, all my training is not good because I can't work with their form. And I can't fix their form. Okay. The most important part is the diet. So what I started doing, and this is what I suggest you do, is you give them the workout plan. And if you're super fucking concerned about their form or some shit, and you can have them fill themselves or something, they're going to do it on their own. You know, follow the diet on their own, we need to make sure they're tracking it, make sure they're keep it. We gotta be meticulous about them adhering to the diet plan. They will get shit. Especially because it's the first time anybody, mostly smoke is attracted, they're diet or follow a serious diet plan and they're whole fucking lies, right? Dye is the most important part. And the in-person trainer is charging more and they're not even doing the most important part. That's why I think online training is a better service. Isn't it much you charge for the better serbs? You're going to sail 16 week packages for 9.97. 16 week packages for 9.97. Significantly cheaper in in-person training. And this is why we want to get on a sales call with them, right? Because we want to give you $1,000. When it's the last time somebody DMed you and gave them $1,000. Maybe never. But people spend $1,000 over Zoom and on the phone all day, every day. You know, spend that kind of money people have to get to know you better, right? You gotta think they watch, they consume your content, they talk to you in a DM and you're on a sales call with them, right? You were able to build trust during that time period. They say no to that or they can't afford it or it's too much or whatever to think, then we do monthly for $2.97 or $3,000 a month. Which is way cheaper than in-person training. And we're going to track the diet. We're going to give them a better product for less money. There's less time intensive for us. Because we're just going to give them the plan and make sure to do it every day. And if that doesn't work, then you do $80 a week. If they were going to in-person training, they're spending $100 a session on average. So we're charging less than a third of the price. And given them a better, a better product because the diet is most important part. If you can get 20, if you get just 25 clients, and you $80 a week, keep an average of 25 clients for a whole year, which is 52 weeks. That is $104,000. That's like what a brand new doctor makes. Or you make it six figures of 25 clients. Do you need millions of followers to make 25 clients? You've probably got 25 people following you right now who'd be excited to work with you. Especially if you really honed in on a diet. That's the game plan to make money as online trainer. If you want more information about that, I got the free ebook called the Tank of Man's Online Training. Click the link in the description down. It was 100% free. It really goes in way more detail about how you can break this down. And as case studies from a lot of my students, you can see their success stories as well. And you can replicate those in your own life. All right, link is in the description.