Consistency is a superpower. In this video, I'm gonna show you how to leverage consistency in order to accomplish all your goals. To accomplish things beyond your wildest dreams, I'm going to show you why consistency is important, why it's the cornerstone key to success, and I'm gonna show you how you can implement it. So you can be more successful in life. And anything you're trying to accomplish, trying to build a business, you're trying to get in great shape, trying to make more money, trying to be a better father, better husband, or f*** more bitches. And so, consistency is the key. If you don't have an up discipline, that consistently watch this video, then all hope is lost for you. Hopefully you live in America, or some country that has strong social safety net, so the consistent folks like us can subsidize your life with our tax dollars. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But why is consistency so important? And why do people have so many issues with it? Well, let's look at this graph. Anything you want to accomplish, anything you want to accomplish is going to take time. But a big problem with this is we believe that, if we put it some time, we should have an equal amount of accomplishment, we think that success is linear. About it, time and effort you put in, you should get an equal amount of reward we expect to look like this. The problem is, accomplishment of anything no word to you, typically does not follow a linear scale. It follows what's called an exponential scale. Meaning a lot of times initially you won't see a lot of big progress. But then something happens where it starts to compound and it starts to hockey-state. And if you are able to stay consistent, you'll actually accomplish more more than you even thought possible if you stay consistent over a long enough period time. The problem is, because we expect success to be linear, when we don't see the immediate progress or get immediate gratification, we quit somewhere around here. And many of you watching this, this is the story of your life. You get into what I call the quitting zone. But if you were to keep going, you would eventually get into the baller zone. And this is where success looks unreal to the average viewer. We see this all the time in life. This is why Albert Einstein said that compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. For example, let's say we want it to make a bunch of money, we want to be millionaires. Well, if we start with $2,000, that might be a stretch for some of you motherfucking. And every month you put in $2,000 on, and you did that for the length of, call it 20 years, right? Let's say you invested in the stock market word. The average return is about 10%, what you'll see is it starts the hockey-state. If you were consistent, but those first few years, you're just like, oh man, fucking year five, I ain't never gonna be a millionaire. I've been doing this for five years. I only had $150,000, which would be a lot for some of you. Maybe we'd like, oh fuck, you know? However, when it starts the compound it starts the hockey-state exponential. And let's stretch this out for even longer. So you did just for 40 years. It really started the compound in 40 years. You would have fucking $10 million. You'd be a millionaire after just 20 years, right? But you have to do it consistently every month. And what happens is you get into quit in the zone and you're like, oh man, this is taking too long. I don't wanna do it. You don't start seeing the immediate results and we give up. That's why super important to stay consistent. Well, whatever you're trying to do, it doesn't just work like that, but money, we're saying, but anything. It even works with skills you're trying to acquire. Not just money, for example, it is best selling book, the tipping point. Malcolm Gladwell laid out his case for, if you want to be world class is something, it requires about 10,000 hours of practice. The 10,000 hour rule. And I've read many of the books that pertain to skill acquisition, such as the talent code or talent is overrated. And they all basically say the same thing. It's not about being blessed with some talent or blessed with luck is really about putting in the hours over a long period of time. Or example, the way you get good at anything or accomplice anything is you take action, boom, you get some feedback, then you make improvements, then you get better. But because you have gotten better, now you enjoy it more. Anything you get good at, you start to enjoy. First started this YouTube channel, 12, 14 years ago, I didn't enjoy editing videos because I sucked at it. But once I got better at it in the videos, I actually started to like it. And once I started to like it, I wanted to what? Do it more. So now I started taking more action. Boom, I got more feedback and a lot of positive reinforcement as well because now I'm better. And that feedback allowed me to improve even more see what I could have did better. And then next thing you know, I'm way better. But now I want to take way more action. And because I'm taking more action, I get more feedback and I get better faster. This is how the exponential curve works. Same thing with compound interest. So it's not about having talent. It's not about being gifted. It's not about being lucky. It's about putting in the hours. Getting enough hours so that you're good enough to start to enjoy it. And then you put in even more hours and you get a positive feedback loop. Now I've read a lot of books on skill acquisition. What I realized is all of them pretty much agree on the 10,000 hour rule. But most at a time, you don't need to be one of the best in the world. Whatever you're trying to accomplish. For example, through my research, I came over something called the skill acquisition matrix. And it looks like this. 100 hours makes you not bad. I knew this when I first started playing guitar. I would practice for an hour a day. And after about three months, I was not bad. I went from not knowing what the different strings were to be in that bad. Not necessarily good. Like I wasn't impressive. I wasn't ready to make YouTube videos about it. Where starts showing off. It's someone saw me playing the guitar in a guitar shop. They wouldn't laugh at me. Just not bad. Not necessarily good, but not bad. And anybody who plays the instrument can attest it is. Hour a day for 90 days, you'll be not bad. It's a living in progress. Thousands of hours though, that's when you get good. That's when people like, oh, that guy is good. She's saying throwing your panties at you. You're not good enough to make vagina's way. But you're good. You're reasonably impressive. Then you get to 2,000 hours. That's when you're really good. That's when you're impressive. Now you can start doing YouTube covers and shit. That's when people see you engage with the skill. And they're like, ooh, that guy's good. He's not fucking around. Nobody's boring with this. Even people who can sing singers, I've never met somebody who can just sing. Most of them start singing in the church or they can sing with their family. They've gotten the hours over the years, even if it was on accident. Now, 5,000 hours, that's when you're amazing. This is the level where vagina started to get wet. When they see you engage in the activity. This is what people see you engage in the skill. And they literally amaze. You are amazing. 10,000 hours, obviously you're one of the best in the world, which is overkill from most of your goals. 20,000 hours. You get a best effort. This is when kids got posted on your wall. They might make a statue for you. You probably somebody screaming to say. Because if you watch Tom Brady's documentary, he wasn't one of the most gifted athletes. He was one of the last people drafted in his draft class, barely fucking made it on his college team, barely made it into the NFL. But he put in so much work. He put in so much time, so much work, so much practice. Got extra coaches to work from. He became one of the best ever. He just really outworked everyone. And became the best square bag of all time. Because we have this chart, this makes success or skill acquisition just a math problem. All you got to do is be consistent. And it's broken down a math. So if you want to be not bad at something, oh, you could do an hour a day, you could get there in three months. Two hours a day, you get there in 1.7 months. Three hours a day, you get there in a month. Obviously I'm rounding. If you're a fucking math with, don't be a hair-fac, check in me. I'm rounding with these numbers. So it takes you about a month. Four hours a day, you get there in about 25 days. Now, if you want to get to a thousand hours. Or are you going to be really good? One hour a day is going to take you about almost three years, like 2.7 years, two hours a day. You've got there at one point three years. Three hours a day, you can get there in one year. You can be good in one year at anything, four hours a day. You can get there in eight months. If you want to be really good, one hour a day, you get there in five point five years, two hours that you get there in about two and a half years and three hours that you get there in two years. Four hours a day, you get there in about one and a half years, 16 months. If you want to be so good, it's something that women want to mate with you. You can get there. One hour a day is only going to take you 13 and a half years. Two hours a day, you get there at 6.8 years. Three hours a day, you get there about 4 and a half years. One hour a day, you get there and 3.4 years. So it's going to take time to be amazing as something. And we need to make peace with that. We need to understand that that's what it takes. You want to be one of the best in the world. One hour a day, you get there at 20, it's going to take 27 years. Two hours a day is going to take about 13 and a half years. Three hours a day, you can get there in about nine years. Four hours a day, you get there in 6.8 years. And in Malcolm Gladwell's book outliers, he said that the average person with 10,000 hours spent about 10 years to get there. It takes about 10 years to be an expert on average. In case you're wondering, I've been a personal trainer for 25 years. I am close to a triple expert. Before I started my fitness YouTube channel, I had more than 10,000 hours. I'm 42 now. I'm old. I know it's hard to believe because I look so much better than you. But the truth is, I'm old enough to be a day. If I am in fact a day, I hope we meet someday. Good afternoon, make me proud. If you want to be one of the best ever, when hour a day is going to take 54 years, got the end of lifetime. Two hours a day is going to take you 27 years. Three hours a day is going to take you 18 years. Four hours a day, don't take you 13 years. Now a lot of you guys will look at this and get discouraged. But like, damn, it's going to take me a long time. If you're good, I want you to look at this and be encouraged because a lot of you guys are working on something and you're in the quitting zone. You feel like you're not getting the results. You're going to give up. However, if you look at the amount of time you put into it, how many hours you have, you're probably right where you're supposed to be. You're probably right on track. And all you have to do is stay on track. And then you'll reap the rewards within enough time. That's why I'm important to track how much time you spend on what you're trying to get good at. I have a free habit tracker. I'll put the link in the description. It's called the Victor revision planner. It's a free notion template. And there's actually a video explaining how to utilize it. You can track your goals in there. You also start tracking the hours you spend working on a skill you're trying to acquire. And I find this super motivating because anytime I started in the discouraged was something I'm working on, all I got to do was look at how many hours I spent on it and I'm like, oh, I'm not supposed to be good yet. It's fine. I'm exactly what I'm supposed to be. And this will allow you to stay more consistent. Because a lot of times, we get discouraged when we're in the quitting zone. We see other people doing the things we want to accomplish. We see them reaping their rewards and we look at it and we like, fuck man, I've been working on this for a month or a week and I suck. And then we just give up. Let me try something else. And you guys give up in the quenzo. But if you know how many hours you spend on it and you look at the skill acquisition matrix and you can see, oh, I'm not supposed to be good at it yet. I'm where I'm supposed to be. Then you could be encouraged. And no, all right, I mean, this is what I supposed to be. All I gotta do is just keep going. And the next thing you need to do once you're tracking is actually put the time in your calendar to work on your goal. This way you can map it out. You want to be not bad at something in 90 days. Cool, put in your calendar when you're going to practice it each day. And now you just follow on the plant. So even if you suck now, even if you awful embarrassing, it's fine. Because a hundred days from now, you should be not bad. If you keep working on it. This quenzo is the real thing. I remember when I was trying to learn how to do handstand pushups. I saw a guy do it in a park and I was like, holy shit, I can't believe he's doing that. You know, I started working on it for months. I feel like I was, I'm never going to get this. What I did was I knew resistance and consistency is undefeated. Oh, here's what I did. I did 25 attempts against the wall, just the whole handspan and the wall would catch me if I fell over 20 attempts every day. This wasn't even an hour, 20 times every day. This is why it took me, you know, like six months. At six month mark, I was able to hold the handspan reliable. Then 20 attempts at the pushup every day. And so I started my day. It took me like three months just to go down without falling. And it took another three months to go down and go back up without falling. Three months every day, it took a total to complete one handstand pushup. It took me six months. I wanted the quenzo, there was a point. I'm telling you, like around this point, it really feels like man, I'll never get this. But I knew if I just blasted past that, I would get it. Then I got it. Now I can do a handstand pushup on command anytime any moment. It's just consistency. Just working on something every day in the background. And if you're going to be not bad at something, if you just practice it for 18 minutes a day. For a year, you can get not bad at anything. Or you only have to put in a whole hour. If you wanted to learn a language or just have conversational Spanish, I'd be able to make you way around a Spanish neighborhood or raise up some big booty latina, which is the only good or easy to learn Spanish. 18 minutes a day. Practice. You'll be not bad in a year because you'll get a hundred hours. So practice. You can have a bunch of small things you're working on. And it's okay. As long as you stay consistent, because consistency is the key. For example, look at this graph. This is an airplane. I'm going from LA to New York. It fits off by 1%. It ends up in fucking Auburn, New York. If it's off by 1% in another direction, it's going to end up in goddamn Delaware. So it's not even just about being consistent. This is about your level of consistency. They happen to system. Are you like this plane is going forward the whole time, but it's off a little bit. So a lot of times people will say, dumb shit. Like something's better than nothing. Oh, or I deserve a day off. No, no, no. You don't deserve shit. Nothing is better than something. Because you can really fuck your shit up by being consistent. I read you do nothing than being inconsistent. Okay, let's say you want to lose 10 pounds of fat in the next 10 weeks. No problem. I mean, you just have to lose one pound of fat per week. Easy game. No big deal. Just mad. Every pound of fat you want to lose. You have to burn extra 3500 calories more than you can assume. Oh, now just mad. You can you check how many calories you consume each a day. Let's say you're cutting until you say I'm a consume 2500 calories each a day. Oh, you're going to do that each a day. And you all you do have to do is you get some sort of fitness tracker or ring it bit. And you want to burn 3000 calories per day. Easy peasy. You don't even have to work real hard today. You can just go for a walk, live weights. All right. Every deficit every day, boom, you lost a pound of fat. That's all you got to do. You just got to be consistent. But let's say you're off by just a little bit because this is what most of you want to fuck is doing. You'll be like, oh man, you'll be consistent day one, maybe even day two. And day three, you'll be like, oh man, I don't feel like going with it a gym today. I don't feel like doing cardio. Fuck around now you went to surplus that day. And then the next day you'll be like, oh man, I deserve it. They all. Some's better than that. I was consistent most of these days. And then you fucking go eat pizza with the homies. Also, you said, oh, let me get back on my shit. Oh, then it's Friday. Right. So it's like, oh man, you know, I'm a cheat just a little bit. I'm gonna have that cheat meal. All right, cool. Maybe you do go to the gym that day. But it's the weekend. Maybe you don't go to the gym on the weekend. Uh-oh. Right. And it's the weekend. You go to the party. Maybe you have some sugary drinks. Sunday in a fill football. Ha ha ha. And you're only off by a little bit. Yeah, some's better. Nothing is more. I've usually eaten 4,000 calories a day. Now I'm being in some better. No, nigga. You actually almost gained almost a half a pound of bed. So this is why I say that nothing is better than something. When you do, just do something. Oh, I did something. Something's better than nothing. You fool yourself in the believing you did something. And this calls is more frustration. Because now you're doing just enough to fail. You know, you don't work out, you didn't did shit, you dieted some days. You did just enough to fail. So it's not just about being a system. It's like how consistent are you. Right? Cause this motherfucker can say, oh man, I worked out most days. And he did. He worked out most days. I stuck to my diet most days. And this not most days. Let's give him another day. Let's say another day he stuck to his diet. Oh, he still got a little fatter. Even though he stuck to his diet for out of the seven days, he still got a little fatter. Even though he worked out five with the seven days, he still got a little fatter. He accomplished nothing. He's still moving backwards. But now he's putting an effort to fail because he's inconsistent. One of the reasons people said that I was on steroids for so many years is because it's like man, he's always ripped. I can never get that. I worked out. I trained. I'm consistent. And I don't look like him. I've been working out for a fucking five years. 10 years. I don't look like him. But were you as consistent as me? Do you keep around a scale like I do? And track everything you eat? Or do you just put anything in your mouth like a whore? Do you have to work out logs where you track every workout you ever. You've done for the over 25 years, right? Get not a consistent as me. I've never taken more than a week off in 25 years. Right? Get not as consistent as me. Anybody who's super consistent as consistent as me keeper in the scale in your bag. And you do that for a decade. Track everything you eat. You're going to get results that outpace everyone else. If you're only off 1% you end up in Delaware instead of in New York. You motherfuckers are all more than 1%. You motherfuckers are going to end up in Miami. You motherfuckin' Cuba. That's why super important to me that you could do to track the coppice your goals. It's track your goals, put in your calendar, track it. Track how much time you spend on it. Everything I have a calorie tracker in the Victory Vision planer. Download that. Start tracking your goals. Get serious about it. I promise you. You do that for a long and enough time. You will coppice things that people will think isn't possible. They will marvel at you. 10 years from now. You will not be recognizable. Everybody will wonder how you did it. They'll say you're lucky. They say you cheated. They'll say all types of shit because they can't even bad them. They can't even die consistent for that amount of time. That's how greatness is accomplished.