Yo, young candle stick, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, we doing some difference today. Yo, so instead of going over the market, we're going to show you our one of our favorite money making strategies. These is leap options. And we've been that conciliant, nothing. This is going to be a free course on leap options. How to make money on the mind. Let's get into it. I'm super excited because we're going to be talking actually about buying options. See in the back. We've talked about selling options. And that's a great strategy. But this is, I think, the best way to buy options in the stock market. This is going to be you. OK. Yeah. That's going to be all you guys. So this is how the communications is going to go. Before we get started, I really want to warn you guys. Options trading is extremely risky. It is not for everybody. Trading options and trading stocks. You know, it's not for the faint of heart. None of this is financial advice. None of this is a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Educational purposes only. Yeah. Let's do it. Now, you guys might be asking yourself, why should I listen to this nerd who's talking to Mickey Mouse? Well, first of all, I've actually been trading options for about eight years. You know, back in the day, it used to cost $20 just to buy an option contract. So I'm glad that it's only about $50 to a dollar now. I'm also a certified options trader by TD Ameritrade. They're not wired by Schwab. But you had to go through rigorous courses, rigorous tests to get that certification. I'm also a CMT charter to hold charter holder. So what does that mean? A CMT means I'm a chartered market technician. And that just means I'm a professional and the practices of technical analysis, not forecasting stock prices. I'm a professional and risk management. Don't lose all your goddamn money. And then I'm a professional and asset allocation. Okay. So we're going to put baskets of money. So let's get into it. We're going to be talking about leap options today. So what are leap options? Well, options are basically just the right to buy or sell any asset class. And we're going to get into it and we're going to explain leap options as we go throughout this presentation. So take some notes. Okay. Leaps are generally long-term options. So options have an expiration date towards them. So you can have short data options. Those are much more risky. Think of like the lot of tickets or yeah, gamblers tend to really get into options when it's short data options. But this is longer term. So it's a lot more peaceful. It's a great way to get involved into the market. But when we talk about leap options, it's generally one to three years away. Throughout the presentation, I can show some Robin Hood options because the top of it shows it really nicely. Long story short, you want to buy a leap call. So think call. If you think the stock is going to go up a lot, you can buy a leap. Put, if you think a stock is going to go down a lot. We're mostly going to focus on leap calls today. But I'll show you an example of a leap point. It's not as fast as day trading. Day trading is super risky. It has a higher failure rate. But if you are successful in day trading, you make crap ton of money. It's not as slow as investing. What are the advantages of leap options versus just buying the stock? Yeah. So I'll get into that. And that's actually going to go on the next slide. A big thing is cost. A big thing is what you expect the stock to actually do. So like what do you think actually mean? It means long term equity and dissipation securities. Basically, you're saying I think the stock is going to go up a lot over the next one to three years or whatever your time horizon is. So my biggest leap call wins are actually on Disney back in 2019. I had leap call options. And because I had those leap call options, I had enough time to go through a bunch of positive news catalysts. So in a dearton at time, that's actually Disney plus was announced. And when Disney also announced Disney just skyrocketed the hell up. Like it just went straight up. I was able to turn $300 into three grand. Disney Tesla, that's that last chart that I was showing on the slide earlier. During C19 when the market took a nice dip, you can buy leap call options. If you think you're at a low of significance, if you think the stock market's going to go up for a long period of time, you can buy a leap call option on a broad-based ETF, a safer investment vehicle. And you spend less money. You made a higher return than if you were to just bought shares. Exactly. Exactly. If I were to just buy Disney shares, I would have made 20%. Okay. That's cool. But since I bought the leap call options, I was able to make 1,000%. That's the big thing with leap call options. You can get a higher return. I completely agree. It's especially when you get it right within that time frame. And the stock just goes straight up. So I have a call options on Nvidia. That was really awesome because that helped really fund a big portion of my account. How long can they be out? It's three years to max. Yeah, usually three years is the max on a leap call option. And we'll go into some examples. Okay. Fran and was alluding to this earlier. He's on top of it. The biggest benefit of a leap call option is it's much lower cost. Look at this guy. He's saving his money right over here. You only need to spend just a fraction of what you would need to actually buy the stock. Generally, it usually only costs like 1,10th the price. And you actually get to control about 100 shares. Now, I'm not going to get super nerdy and talk about stuff like that. But an example of this would be, okay, Ford stock. You could buy a hundred shares of Ford at $12 a share. A hundred times 12, that's a $12 investment. Or you could just buy the Ford 12 call option. And that won't cost you a hundred dollars. What about that is that's the most you can lose is a hundred dollars. If Ford goes bankrupt and you bought a hundred shares of the stock, you could lose $12 hundred dollars. Obviously, it's more cost effective. And calls are not as risky as buying short dated options. So less volatility, it's much more peaceful. It's great for those that have full-time jobs. They don't want to trade the market in and out each and every day. And I try to hop in, hop out. You can just buy a leap call option, check back in a few months, a few years and boom. That's it. What's really cool about leap options to those sense you're spending less money, you can technically have less risk in the stock. You can only lose the amount that you put into the leap option. Okay, so this is a limited loss strategy. Yeah, not only on the limit of the option, you can go to zero. Yeah, you can like lose all the money put in, but you're putting in less money than if you bought the shares. Exactly. So just to give an idea, when you're buying leap call options, the best case scenario is the stock goes straight up. That's the best case scenario. The stock can even go sideways to slightly higher. That's cool. You'll likely make money. If the stock goes dead sideways, you may actually lose money over time. The stock goes sideways to slightly lower. You can lose money or all of your investment. Obviously, if the stock just drops or tanks, you're going to lose money. That was going to happen anyways if you bought the stock anyways. It would have lost more. Yeah, you could have actually lost more depending on this scenario. Another great benefit of leap options is you have a limited profit potential when you buy a leap. Or option. You know, a stock's not going to go to infinity, but it can go damn near close to it. Big coin. Big coin. Yeah. Yeah. Like you can get some serious gains. And all you need is a few really good home runs over your trading and investing career. And then you can finance all those shitty trades that was money. So I'm going to get into some of the drawbacks of leap options. And then we'll get into some examples. Then we'll fly it all together. Okay. So here are some drawbacks of leap call options. Your investment now is an expiration date. So normally when you're just by stock, you can hold it forever. You know, you can invest for retirement. You can invest for many reasons and you can just hold that asset forever. With a leap option, you have a good amount of time. You know, you can have one to three years. But you don't have forever. Okay. So it's not perfect for investing for retirement. But you can do it at a lower cost. You can't hold the leap call forever. Like you kind of shares. Here's a big thing that can happen with leap call options. So if you buy a stock, a stock can go sideways. You don't lose any money. You don't make your money. You don't lose any money. If the stock goes sideways for too long of a period of time, you will lose money. And this is what's called theta. And theta is just the amount that you pay per day to hold the call option. So for example, let's take that forward call that cost $100. Theta might be like minus 0.01. You might pay like a dollar a day to hold on to that call option. That's cool. But if forward just goes sideways for multiple years, you're just paying up that dollar every time. And that option loses value. It's kind of like the cost of holding the option. Yeah. Yeah. Think of it like that. Yeah. Okay. You called negative theta. That's why when we're selling options, not buying options, you're positive theta. And you collect that each and every there. But in this case, you're paying per day. If you don't know what that means, make sure you watch our other presentation on the wheel strategy. I mean, it's a really good. It's a little bit silly enough. Okay. So another drawback of leap options is if the stock pays a dividend, you don't get paid the dividend by holding the leap call option. So you might miss out on extra cash flow. You don't get, yeah. So that's why I prefer to do this on securities. They don't have a dividend. I occasionally still will do some leap calls on stocks that pay dividends. But only if it meets a certain criteria, which I'll get into in a bit. But yeah, if a stock pays dividends just buy the shares. And if a stock doesn't pay dividends, just think, okay, are there any leap call options that are a good deal? No, for you guys what that can look like. One other thing to think about with leap call options is you do need a time it just a little bit better than with just buying shares. So normally when you're investing and you're just buying shares, you can hold it forever. If you're time horizon is long enough, your timing doesn't need to be that precise and getting the best price. Yeah, yeah. With leap calls, you do want to time it up a little bit more. That's just kind of the CMT in me, you know, the technical analysis. Yeah, it's difficult to dollar calls average into a leap call option, right? Yeah, yeah, you can do it. It's just not ideal. It's a dollar cost average into equity into share to actual shares. Hard asset. So now we want to ask ourselves, hey, how do you get a good deal? What is a good deal? Well, remember, the options market is constantly placing in the options. The market prices in a certain range that a stock is going to stay with them. So it's important to understand that some leap call options may be expensive and some call options may be cheap. I like to buy the leap call options that are cheap and have the potential to be expensive. We can get into this in a bit, but what is the expected range? You can find this on the interest win. You can calculate the at the money straddle, nerd stuff. The biggest question you want to ask yourself is what think where do you think the stock can go? Can it go much higher than what your break even is? If the expected range is low, so the options market is pricing in a tight, tight range, but you expect the stock to break that range that's finally called. Okay. That's why I made so much money on Disney call options because Disney normally move a lot, but since they announced Disney plus, Disney moved a lot. And so that's where I got paid. That's where my edge came in. This way, so it's really important to have good timing. What this is what you say. Yeah, and just know what is a good deal. And this comes with options market experience and technical analysis experience. A high expected range means that you just need a bigger move in the stock to profit that your break even is much higher in that scenario. So how can you increase your probability of profiting on leap call options? You can use technical analysis, so that's forecasting future prices through chart patterns, indicators, intermarket analysis, sick mortality, you name it. I'm not going to get super into technical analysis in today's lesson. My news, bright gollets, you can do the monthly time frame, so zoom out because we're doing leap options instead of short data options. Okay. You can also use fundamental analysis. I'm not a professional when it comes to fundamental analysis. Those are, those reports are usually written by CFA, which are chartered financial analysts, so I'm a chartered market technician. So it's kind of like two parallels. You can also have AI help you analyze some balance sheets. You can go on Yahoo Finance and have AI. No, look it down low balance sheets and upload them into fucking Chad GPD and tell them, hey, you may explain in to say explain this to me like you're like, like I'm a five year old. Exactly. And you can put that AI like help calculate fair values for you. It's again, because then what, when you know what a stock is potentially worth, it kind of gives you like a gauge of where the stock can go over the long run. And that can help you with your decision-making process with leap columns. So once you have a solid fair value estimate and a solid technical set up, now we can check the options chain. So we got technical set up. We got the stock fundamentally strong or below fair value. Now let's check the options chain. Okay, so this is an example of XLV. This is the healthcare sector. And here's what I did. I was like, oh well, this sector is in rotation. I'm expecting it to go up a lot. I could just go ahead and buy shares. You know, I could buy a hundred shares of XLV and spend $13,000. That's good. Or I can go out and I can buy a leap call option for $68 or 0.68. $68. That's all I spent instead of 13 grand. And guess what? I was able to make $25. I was able to make a 300% return. Inhale long. This was, this was about like four months. Right. So just because you buy the option, you can still the option anytime. You don't have to hold it for three years because you bought a leap option. That's what's amazing about it. And if you get your timing right, you don't have to hold it for years. You can just sell it for two months. So I'm going to get into a real-life example. And we'll kind of analyze the option chain in real time. So here's an example of a stock that I've been talking about on the victory talk podcast interview. And this is the Morning Star Report. If you want to, you can always get your Morning Star reports from the Analyze tab on Thinker Swim by Charles Schwab. You can just download that right here. If you have Robin Hood, go, it'll give you a summary of it in there. It's really, really nice. And it's not perfect. It's just one little indicator. Just because a stock is below fair value. It doesn't mean it has to get to fair value. What's just a night in here? So look, energy transfer, current price 1587, fair value estimate, $21. Okay. Tell them what fair value means. They might not know. You know, it just, they do a bunch of calculations of like price to earnings ratios, all this different like balance sheet stuff. And I'm not saying I'm an expert in it. But basically, it's just what the stock is worth on a fair day. So here's an example of energy transfer, current price is $16.50. And they say $21 is what it's worth. And you're looking at that, that candlestick formation. It looks like it's about to break out. Am I right? It looks like it's about to break out. And even if it does it, guess what? It's, I can buy a leap call option and not get. Yeah. Yeah, you, you got three years to be right. Yeah, exactly. So this is where it gets really, really interesting because now, so here's the technical setup, sending triangle. Above the 200-day moving average is a simple one. So it's in an uptrend above the 200-week moving average, consistent uptrend. So now we can check the options, shame. So I can show you guys, but energy transfer, look at this. So we can go out to January 15th, 2027. So step one is the expiration date. Yep, when does the option expire? So this is a leap call. Now what I'm looking at is what is the strike price? Okay, I want my option to get in the money so that I can get paid. Explain them we're in the money, it's because we're that's what I was going to be one of our questions. Was in the money options versus out the money? Like what's the difference? Yeah, so if the current price is above the strike price, it's in the money. So if I were to buy like the 10 strike call option, that'd be for money. The current price is 1654. So if you pick a price that's lower or higher, what's in between is in between? If I'm buying a call option that's lower than the current price, right. It's going to be in the money. So it means you're going to show on Robinhood. So I pull up ET energy transfer and we can go to trade options, ET people should on, where I believe, but this is what makes it so fucking dope. Is the option is shame. Yeah, it's got the builder and look, we just want to buy a leap call. Because we're like, well, I think ET can get up to that 21. It doesn't even need to, but it can get close. Okay, if I think it can get to 21, I can buy the 17 strike call option and look. My max profit is unlimited. My max loss is only $120. And guess what? My break even between now and 2027 is 1820. So if you want to 21, that's out of the money, though, right? That's out of the money. Quite the out of the money. You could buy in the money, right here. Look, now my break even is only 1711. The end of the money is like twice as much, almost. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. In the money options are more expensive. Out of the money options are cheaper because they're risky. It's short and simple. In the money options, if you buy an in the money call, you're going to make more dollars, but you're going to make a less percentage game. Yeah, it's less risk because you have a higher probability of profit because you're in the money. However, there's less potential reward if the stock does shoot up to the mood. Show them that in the money option you got right there. Now, look, the break even part is closer than the out of money, right? So it only has to go a certain, the break even is 17. Now, go show them the out of the money option again. Yep. So that's what they can see where it is. See, now the break even is like, it's got to go further. And you can scroll on that timeline so they can see like how much money you can see, how much money you make depends on, you know, it's really, now what I like to do, this is me. I got more disposable income, right? What I'll do is I'll get deep in the money option. So show them like a deep in the money option. Yeah, so you could, if you wanted to, you could just buy like a three dollar strike call. So I have the right to buy E.T. at $3 a share. That's right. Great contract because E.T. is currently at 1650. Now look, now look, I close your break even is. Yeah, the break even said 1785. That's probably due to the bid asks spreads. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when you buy an option, there's different amounts of buyers and sellers. I mean, I think that one, but it's like, yeah, be put at reason, but it's like it's less risky, but you're going to make less money because you're spending more, you're spending more. So let's profit one me. Generally, I like to buy a leap calls just slightly out of the money. Right out of the money. Yeah, the data asks spreads are the tightest. You're not going to pay it on to get into the trade and you're not going to pay a lot to get out of the trade. You don't want to be at a spread. Is this a soon? They don't know. Yeah. So there are buyers and sellers at every moment in time. So the price that you see on a chart, it's not actually V price. It's the difference between the buyers and the sellers. So you can even see after hours right now, the bid, the bid on E to you is 1650. The ask on E to you is 16.54. That means there are people that have limit orders. They're trying to sell their E to you at 1654. And there are buyers right now after hours that are trying to buy it at 1650. The mid price is the price that we see. So we'll see 1650452. Being sure, the difference between that. On like super crazy, like expensive stocks, I'm trying to think of one that comes to mind. Like, be our case, Lashae. Oh, Versailles, I had the... Yeah, like look, the bid asks spreads are going to be a stupid wide on something like this. You're going to have to pay a lot to get into the trade, pay a lot to get out of the trade. That's why people like to trade spy options a lot because you can just pay it. Get out. It's super easy. So that's why I like to buy at the money contracts on Leap calls like this. And if you're confident in your trade, it's not as risky. It'll be more profitable. Exactly. Like an example, like Netflix stock tends to have these bigger bid asks spreads. There's not as many buyers and sellers on Netflix. Like even then, after hours, there's buyers at 72220. And there's sellers at 72250. If you hit like market order, you're doing what's called grabbing liquidity from the market and you're just going to be down on your trade. Right? As you get in. You can't do market orders after after hours, all right? You can't do limit orders. No, you can only use limit orders and special after hours orders. Yeah. You know, if I think ETF can go to that $21 per share level. And my break even's only 1820. I've got an opportunity to profit. Right. And you risk in a hundred, a hundred and twenty dollars. Because you're slightly out of money. But like this show, how much it costs to go deep in the money? Yeah. So if I just buy at the money, it's only cost 120. But if I just want to like control a ton of shares, okay, the delta on the option is how many shares you're artificially controlling. So point, a delta of 0.99 means you're getting 99 shares. It's going to pretty much cost though. Yeah, a little bit less than the price of ETF, but Yeah. You can cost $1,485. Yeah, yeah. But the thing is you're going to get paid a lot better. You're doubtful. You're still getting paid more than if you bought a hundred shares, even though it costs the same. If you're right, you'll make less percent game, but you'll make more dollar game. Yeah. Oh, that's something to consider. Do you want to get paid in dollars or percentage points? Yes. The way that I was worried about my kithis view, what I don't want to make. Yeah. Yeah. And you'll get a better feel for it as you really start to trade and pay per trade. These leap options. Mm. So that's going to be really important. So again, look, the expected move is pretty low. So that means the options are cheap. They're not pricing in a big range for ETF. We've got the technical setup. We've got the fundamental setup. This is a good deal. So here's an opportunity again. So I'm looking at so fine. And so far, I've been a stock that I've been talking about in the victory talk podcast for a couple months. And look, they give a fair value estimate of $13 per share. Go over to the chart of so far. And we can see is there an opportunity. Okay, the current price is $9.87. So you know, morning star gives a fair value all the way up here. 13. So what does that mean? There's a potential opportunity. If so far, I can pull back and maybe come to a support area. That's where you do what in the box. Yeah. For leap call options. Mm. I can take a look at the option chain. I can see, hey, 2027. Maybe I could buy like the seven strike call. There's a little bit of margin for profit there. Maybe I can buy in the money five strike call. Who? Super simple. And that's where you can have that extra opportunity. You know, if I pull up so far, and I think it's going to go up to $13 a share. This is really cool because now I don't even have to sweat too much about it. And of course, so far, I could drop. We could go through a recession, you know, whatever. I can buy the 10 strike call and look. Okay, look, my break even is 1380. Maybe these options are a little bit too expensive. 13. 13 is the price target. You were waiting for a pullback. This is like real time. That's true exactly. So that's where your technical analysis comes in. And if you can get a good deal and time it up just a little bit, that's where your margin of profit gets created. But even that if you didn't want to even time up the market, you could just be like, I don't care. A break even of 1120's good enough for me. I buy them in the money so far leap call. I'll check back three years. You don't want to let them expire even even if you're in the money with a expiration, right? You know, that depends. So you can actually hold the expiration if you want to get exercise and you want to own the hundred shares at your strike price. Tell them that it means when you exercise. Yeah, so when you exercise an option, that's basically saying, hey, we have a contract. You told me I have the right to buy. Let's say I bought the so-fi six call. At expiration, if so-fi is above six, at expiration, I'm going to I can choose if I just hold my option through to expiration. I'm going to have a hundred shares at six. So I'm going to the broker's automatically going to buy a hundred shares at six, and it's going to put $600 into so-fi right there. But guess what? A current price might be a lot higher. So you'll be up a shift ton of money. Yeah, yeah. So you can do that if you want to hold onto the shares. I've never exercised the option in my life. Oh, really? I've exercised some ET call options. Okay, yeah. Deep in the money, and I was like, I don't mind holding it. That's good. Nice. What's up? You're just aware of that. You most of the time just want to flip the premium. When do you want to exit a leap call? So we figured out the entry. We got the technical setup. We got the fundamental value. We got all the stars aligning. We're in the dreams. We're in the investment. When do we want to sell? Well, we want to exit when the asset reaches your price target. In this case, so-fi, touching 13 ET, touching 21. When the business model has changed. So let's say, oh, something changed. And I don't like it anymore. I'm just going to exit. If you need to cut losses, let's say, hey, I don't think this is a good investment anymore. You can always just exit, believe Paul. You know, you'll take the L. Let's find. Make sure you do your research and have a good reason as to why you're exiting. I'm rare. Cut losses on leap calls just because I like to just hold them and you can play out. If you need cash, maybe you need to just raise cash. You can always just sell. It's not a big deal. When there's what's called an IV spikes, this is getting a little bit more technical. So you can set the best time in my opinion to sell leap call options is when you get what's called an implied volatility spike. And that just means the range opened up. So if a stock goes straight up, this is a great time to exit. It still could continue to go higher, but the rate of change matters when it comes to trading options. It's like four D trading. So if you go straight up, oh, you're going to make a lot more money than if you were to have just bought the stock. A quick example of this would be like on Tesla when I bought leap call options. I saw that Tesla was going through an implied volatility spike. This is where I bought the leap call options. Tesla went straight up. And what happens is those options just get stupidly expensive. And it just pays to just take the profits. That's what I like to do. It's I'm not saying it's the best way or the most correct way. But it keeps me liquid, meaning I just get to rotate into the next trade. And it's all fine and damn deep. So that's a great way to consider exiting. OK. Another way to exit is if you just get over bought. If the RSI gets over bought, that's the relative strength index. Super simple way to exit a leap call option on the monthly on the weekly. So we briefly talked about leap calls. Now I've briefly want to talk about leap puts. So if you think a stock is going to go bankrupt, like, Palatana or something like that, bad bath and beyond, if you think a stock could go bankrupt, overvalued, or do for a big drop, you can protect even a portfolio by doing this. You can buy a leap put. And that's just the right to sell 100 shares out of certain price. So if your losses are kept, if you actually short a stock, you can lose unlimitedly. But if you buy a put, you can only lose so much. They amount that you put in. Your gains are kept, though, on a put. If the stock goes bankrupt, you can't make more than, you know, what is priced in. Really quick, like, let's say you think so far is going to go bankrupt. You can buy a put and look, the max profit is only $695, but your max loss is only $375. And that's a simple amount to zero. It's pretty flexible. That's what's awesome about this. Okay. They had a decaying still a factor. And you want to do this on shitty stocks or ETFs. Yeah, the other rotation or thought to get bankrupt. Make sure you don't overpay for the put premium. So, in example, this, you know, in the Legion investing channel is like, hey, SDG, I think is going to get destroyed. Let's do some leap puts. And stock dropped a lot. I turned $300 and a $700. Just like a small train. And it also protected my portfolio, too. If they'll overall market drops and a lot of other stocks are dropping, a leap put can be very, very helpful. And then what's cool is when all the stocks drop, you take profits on the leap put. Now you got cash and you can invest it wherever you want. So it's really helpful to just have that skill in your tool though. Options are flexible. So if you think we're all going to turn into X-Men, you can do a cool on biotech. If you think oil prices are going to surge in like a hyperinflationary environment, you can buy leap call options on oil. And then you'll make a crap ton of money on that trade. And it'll maybe pay for a few gallons of gas. If you think the stock market's going to crash, you could do leap puts. Oh, super flexible. Great as a hedge. Think quantum computing is going to take over. You could do leap call option on quantum scale. You could do leap call options on robotic CTFs. So it's really flexible. So here's some key takeaways. If your investment time horizon is one to three years, a leap call option is pretty cool. A mix of leap calls and shares could be a good way to have like a balanced portfolio. So I own ET shares, boom, I collect the 8% dividend but I've also got those leap call options where if ET takes off, boom, now my portfolio is going to get that extra bump. They call us updated to K. That's the amount you pay per day to hold on to it. Regular shares or equity investments have no they did to K. And you can hold them forever. So the upside is unlimited if you just have regular shares. Remember, you want to combine technical and fundamental analysis to put the odds in our favor? If you want to make sure you get a good deal, you know, make sure that your break even is reasonably. And you can check that on Rob and Ed, options profit calculator or you can hit me up. Okay? So that's all I have for today's presentation. It's fun. That's what's up, man. Yo, thank you, great. Yo, listen, if y'all want to know more about this, you can check it out, check it out. Discord, we got a lot of information in there about stocks in general. If you want to know about a sale option, as we have another video all about the wheel option, check that out.