Some of you, the skinny fat. Some of y'all are fat skinny. And this summer, you gonna wanna be outside, having fun with everybody else at the beach, the pool, the functions. You gonna wanna slide up on some big booty latinus or big booty white girls, they got them now too. You might wanna get you one at them. Or you might wanna get, get you a little black girl, man. The sendin' over kinda. Whatever type of, you wanna start this summer, you'll need to get in shape to do that. You know what? You can't burn fat and build muscle simultaneously, pay attention. There are some circumstances where you can burn fat and build muscle at the same damn time. The people who can do it are people who are just starting working out. This is your first fitness video you ever watched, first of all, congratulations. You started your shit off right. You skipped all the bullshit and came straight to the dope shit. You should be proud of yourself. Working out for real, you can't build muscle and burn fat simultaneously first year because your body's going through such an adaptation phase. It will be possible for you. If you've been training in the gym for real, for more than a year, then it's unlikely. You'll be able to burn fat and build muscle simultaneously, but there's still hope for you and I'm gonna show you how in this video. Probably been doing it for a year, you still look like shit. That's how you ended up watching videos. But for God, I don't watch videos on how to build muscle and burn fat. I'm making it working right now. You can also do it if you are on some sort of performance, enhancement drugs. If you take it, roll it, train, super soldier serum, whatever they gave Steve Rogers. If you got somebody to Hess shit, you can burn fat and build muscle with the same time. However, at the same time, if it's possible, it's not optimal. Cause think about fucking body builders. These motherfuckers already have elite genetics. They're on tons of PDs. That's why they all die super early. It's not about the years in your life. It's about the life in the years. That's the mantra of a dying body builder. And they have the best nutrition coaches and the best body building coaches working with them. And they still don't try to build muscle and burn that simultaneously. They go on huge bolks, get fat and roast for like half the year. Then they go on a huge cut and look fucking shredded for it for their show. They do that because it's the most optimal. So just because there is a world where you can do it at the same time, it's probable but it's not optimal. However, I have a work around for this for you. First thing they do is they bulk. They go on a bulk. So they start bulking and they bulk until all year until they're fucking gross. This is the gross line right here. Yeah. They bulk all year. Now here, a bulk and put it on muscle. And then they go start going on a cut. Then they start going on a cut finally. Then they go start going on a cut. They're going to cut and then they start cutting. They do like trash half the year. Like I said previously until they cut. And then they finally start looking good. No, daddy. That's what bodybuilders do. So let's just say this is like a year. What I'm going to show you a method is how you can actually stay looking good all year and start building to muscle and burn in fact. Right, we're going to take the same philosophy. So what we're going to do is we have our bulk face and our cut face. It looks like a road. It's the road to ripness. At the end of that row is a six pack confidence. Itches. We want to mate with you and have your black babies. Instead of doing it for a whole month of fucking year, first you cut. You want to cut until you're as ripped as you want to be. Then you get there and then you bulk. The blue line is going to represent the bulk. So now we're bulking and then soon as we start to get a little bit fat. What we do is we cut again. So that's ripped as you want to be. And we keep doing this over and over again. And I'll talk about how long you should do it. Each phase, but the blue line represents bulk in the red line represents cutting. And the beauty of this is you stay looking good all year. You're basically doing the same thing as the body builder is just shorter the ratios. I call it micro cuts in micro bulk. A lot of people will try to tell you that you can build muscle and burn fat simultaneously. Listen man, the most anabolic thing you can do is put yourself in a chloric surplus aka a bulk. And the best thing you can do to lose fat is to put yourself in a chloric deficit. So we're just going to do this the same way the body builders do it. We do it in shorter timeframes instead of six months periods. One of the reasons it works so much better for body builders is they don't care if they're fucking fat during the offseason. It doesn't matter. They only need to be ripped for a show. Me and you, we gotta be ripped all year round because we want to get pussy all year round. I don't want my girlfriend looking at me. We're like Dan, you should look good. Now you do it like shit. And then we gotta go see the micro be Jordan movie or something. And see wishing I look like him. I don't want that. You don't want that. I'll beat Michael G. B. Jordan's ass. We can do creed for right now, Nicka. I'm sorry Michael if you're watching this I mean the turn up on you like that man. You seem like a good brother. But you and Michael be coma, Nicka. And also when he's body builders do this shit, they're on mother fucking PDs. Remember they're on PDs. So they're going to burn. They're going to build more muscle during the bulk than we will. They'll put on less fat than we will during this bulk, right? Because they're on PDs. And because they're on PDs when they cut, they'll retain more muscle and lose more fat because they're on PDs. KDs work really well. Don't they Michael be Jordan? Oh, and another thing is the reason we don't want to get fat during a bulk is because fat sales don't go away. I'm taking Nicka's back to high school biology right quick. The way sales work. Some people erroneously think that, oh, if you get fat, you can turn that fat in the muscle. When I hear that, I just think Dan, the fucking United States public school system really needs to pay to teachers more. Sales can do a few things. They can fucking grow and they can divide. But they cannot transform into other cognac sales. We are not X-Men. I bought sales, don't turn in the skin sales. Sales do not transform into other cognac sales. So it does not turn in the fat. But here's what happens with fat sales. When you get fat, you start booking the fat sales a grown. They expand, they get large. And then what happens? They divide. And then they get large. So what happens is if you want to bulk you will end up with more fat sales, you may think, okay, I'll just go in and cut and I'll get rid of fat sales. No, it doesn't work like that. When you get new fat sales, you do not get rid of them. They get smaller. They can get super smaller. Fat sales don't die. Let me show you when I'm talking about. The professional institute of health. Basically, in this study, it's on my fat sales in your team years or any years. They linger for a lifetime. When you get new fat sales, they stay forever. This is why it's easier for fat, one focus to get fat again. Because they got more fat sales. The fat sales only have to grow. They don't have to divide. The only way to get rid of fat sales, no one's wants you to make them. To get rid of them, is get a light post-suction. Here's another study. Just talking about dynamics of fat sales, turn over in humans. They're building the fat sales don't go away when you get them. We don't want to make new fat sales. That's what happens when you run these big ass bolts. We actually make new fat sales. The micro cut in the micro bulk prevents that from happening. Let's go over the rules. I don't care if you skinny fat or whatever you got going on. First you go on a cut and you get as ripped as you want to be. It's a few different ways to do it. But the number one thing you should do. First, you have to be in a clogged devs. Meaning you are burning more calories than you can. What you want to do is you want to get yourself some sort of fitness tracker. You can get yourself a Fitbit, a Garmin, Apple Watch. You can get yourself a Samsung watch. If you are real nerd, I don't know anybody with a Samsung watch whose ever had vaginal sex with a woman. I'm sure they're out there. I just ain't seen them in the wild. I think a Samsung watch is the best watch to buy if you've taken a vow of seller-be-seem. And you want to make sure that no one is sexually attracted to you in any capacity. You still have a Samsung watch. That is pussy repellent. Oh y'all. Tax and get female friends. Your mothers, your sisters. Have you ever fucked the guy with a Samsung watch? After they get done throwing up in their mouth, a little bit. Ugh, no! I'm sure they're finding devices. Those Samsung makes the devices. Everyone's to pay me to endorse their ugly ass watch. I'll take back everything I just said. Johnny Samsung, if you listen. I will have one of my ankle and your own bolf race. If you give me enough money. But up until then, that's the goofiest shit you wear. I digress. Get yourself a fitness tracker. My preferred fitness tracker is the ordering. I used to wear the woop. It doesn't match all my tire. If you wear a suit with the fucking woop, you look like five kids or some shit. Man, you look like a goddamn cyber bully with that shit on. And I used to wear the Apple Watch until I started wearing these Swiss watches. And this don't track my heart rate. But increases your mama's heart rate. The one you see me increases your bitches heart rate and when she sees it. Anyway, why is it important to track the calories you burn? Because we want to put ourselves in a chloride deficit. Meaning we're burning more calories than we can soon. So we should know how many calories we're burning. And these fitness tracker will help you with that. Then not 100% accurate, but we want to make sure we're in a good range. So that's step one. Get yourself a fitness tracker. I think Samsung makes a ring. I'm sure it's fine. If you hate pussy, go ahead and get yourself an Android Samsung phone. Start sitting in bitches' green text. You will accidentally save yourself until marriage with that shit. Wait, your marriage and God. Who's also a nerd. Anyway, the next thing we need to do is you get to get your phone, right? And download my fitness pal. And what you want to do is start tracking all the calories you eat. This is the part where my focus start acting like some real bitches. Oh, I don't want to track my calories. Well, I have to track my calories. And they act like it's the fucking most difficult thing in the world. They start crying about it. Like I accidentally do more fucking calculus or some shit. All you gotta do is put numbers in your fucking phone. If you think it's difficult, then you really need to reassess your associations with challenges. Because I see people doing real difficult shit. Like I see these men hanging from fucking building, cleaning the windows in Miami. Like a Latino spider man. Like that's difficult. And let me show you why you should track your calories. So it was a study done by Duke University. What he did, they got a bunch of fucking fat boys like you. And they say, hey, Fed ass, all we need you to do is track your mother fucking calories. And my fitness pal, I had to use my fitness pal for three months, right? They didn't give them no diet plan. They didn't give them no workout plan. They didn't had these motherfuckers doing keto. They didn't had these motherfuckers doing vegan diet, paleo diet, none of that shit. You know, they just say, track what you eat. Instead of just putting anything in your mouth like a whore. Just fucking put in my fitness pal fat boy. Get the three months that it shit. These motherfuckers lost at average of five pounds. No plan. Like you got to remember, five pounds in three months is not impressive. Until you remember, they did nothing. They had no diet plan, no workout plan, nothing. All they did was track their fucking calories. Because once you start track and you start being more mindful of what you eat, you start making better decisions. And what happens is people start to realize how many calories they eat every day. Most people have no fucking clue. How many calories they eat every day. My grocery was tracking their calories. And once you was trying to get like me, you become like people around. And she's really from the lower East side, right? But her heritage is Dominican, right? Her parents barely speak English, you know? And she started tracking their calories, right? And she eat notice Dominican food, right? All types of fucking rice. All types of Dominican shit, you know. She eat net. Mungo fungo. That should they be net mungo fungo made from plantains. She eat not as shit. That might go con way mox. And she ain't had no idea how many calories they need. And then she was trying to cut for like, you know, a summer vacation we was going on. She put that shit in my fitness pal. And she was like, holy shit, I'm out of calories for today. After eating that mungo fungo kind of wiggles. And I was like, yeah, yeah, the idea of meals meal me a more. No moths, that's what you're gonna about to do. And I had to fucking slap the plate out of her hand. Right? I slap her. We don't want to hit the bitches. Chris Brown taught us that. We got to thank Chris for making that sacrifice for us as we wouldn't have learned. So I say all that to say the average moth fucker, including you, has no idea how many calories you eat in each of them. Once he's fat boys in the study started finally tracking this shit, they started making better decisions. Now imagine you actually have a real fucking fat loss plan. I'm about to give you when you about to get one from the king of ketosis. You about to get a fat loss plan from the one and only gymnasium Jesus. I'm very excited for you right now. Get your pin and pads out. What I prefer you do. You go ahead and open up chat jippity. You don't have to use chat jippity. You could use Gemini or you can use a claw if you swing that way or you can use grock if you nest. If you like a little bit of racism. We all like a little bit of racism sometimes. I'm open up chat jippity on my phone. Sometimes I like to talk to this whole life. I'm 200 pounds. I live weights. Five days a week. I do cardio three to four times a week. That's my girls on a period and it's like a little less. I want to lose one pound a fat per week. How many calories should I consume? All right. So here's what Shorty said. You know, she did a whole bunch of fucking calculations and shit calculated all the stuff. But here's the thing with the prompt. You have to tell her your weight and tell her how active you are. You should might be different here. I didn't mean for her to hear that. But chat jippity's always listening. But you tell her your activity level. Boom. Boom. I'm a pound a week. She has to make as to make my total daily energy expenditure. Right. She categories me as very active. Cool. Melabotic Ray Odyssey. She did all the math. Final answer. 2600 calories. Then you hit her with this. Make me a diet plan that hits that those calories. But I also need to get one gram of protein per pound. And I'm not disagreeing with that YouTuber. But you better remember those studies were conducted in controlled environments. The science nerds who we're doing those studies, knew exactly how much protein each participant was getting. You and I live in a real world. At the age allows food labels to be off by 20% in either direction. So what does that mean? If you get some shit that says it has 10 grams of protein, legally it could have only 8 grams of protein. It might have 12, but it might have 8. It's not bad to get too much protein. But it is bad to not get enough. Especially when you're cutting because you need the protein to retain the body weight. So we're just going to do a pound. Because even though you might only need 0.8, we're going to go for a whole pound. Because that makes up with the potential 20% margin that the FDA allows food labels to be off. Does that make sense? I don't know what nobody's talking about this shit. How come they don't know that? Maybe they should shut the fuck up. You know it now because you watch this video. Congratulations, man. Bro, proud of you. You put that prop in there. Hit the button, send that shit to sky net. Then it's going to come back. Which is shit, man. It makes a plan. So these are the macros you're going to be in each day. You can adjust the macros to a right boom. Oh, she got it on high protein, moderate fat, low carb. Okay. So the reason she's doing low carbs is because she knows me. She knows I'm keto. It's going to be different for you when you put it in. I'm keto. So she got me at 50 grams of carbohydrates. Right. She wrote me a diet plan. What you notice is there's no, there's probably going to be no chicken breast in this shit. Because she know I want to like chicken breast. I told her, hey, it's chicken breast for women. Don't ever put that shit in my thing. Right. She got me chicken thighs. Now you got your shit, man. You got your game plan. Right. And here's the beauty of it. I just want to put you in a chloride deficit and you're tracking how many cows you're burning to make sure you're in a chloride deficit because fat loss is just man. Now the next thing you got to do is start tracking all this shit every day. I got a habit tracker that you can download. It's called the Victor revision plan. You can track all your goals in there and any habits you want. But you need to pay attention to the part where you put in your fucking calories burn and calorie consume. So let's say, when you track because you got to be consistent, right? You got to make sure this works. Right. So let's say calories consume. Remember, we're supposed to get 2600 each a day. Let's say we're doing this shit for a week. Boom. All right. So we track how many cows we consume. But we want to track how many cows we're burned. So so in your Victor revision plan area is going to have this flamethrower laying here that does it. This is just a small version of it. And track how many cows you're burning each day. And these are total calories. And I just calories for exercise, right? So let's just say you set that goal for 3,100 each day, which is fucking light work. Right. Boom. Your burn 500 calories a day equals 3,500, which will have you with exactly burning one pound of fat per week because every pound of fat you want it to lose. You have to burn an extra 3500 calories. And that's why we we track in our macro because it's just math. How long do we do this for? Well, the first time you do it, you do it until you get as ripped as you want to be. Even if you skinny fat, you want to do it until you get as ripped as you want to be. And some people tell you to bulk first. I think that's so fucking stupid. For a lot of reasons I talked about initially, but also build and muscle is a more difficult process biologically. Right. The muscles have to break down and then grow back. Fat cells just have to shrink. Like you can lose fat way faster than you could build muscle. You're skinny fat right now and you just get skinny. You're immediately look better and you can do that faster. If you start bulk in first, what's going to happen is you won't be a skinny but you'll be a little fatter. And the problem with that is if you put on little muscle on top of some fat, it won't look as impressive. But sometimes I swear to God, when I cut people look at me and be like, oh man, did you get bigger? And I was like, nah, I actually got leaner. But I look bigger because of the proportions. I'm a waste of small and so many makes my shoulders look bigger. You can see the more cuts in my arms and shit. I've been a trainer for over 25 years and I train women and they said, oh, I want to get my butt bigger. I'm like, yeah, but you kind of fat bitch. We don't get you butt bigger. We got to get rid of the someone else love handles. Those cheetah rollers. Right. So you don't have to only date black guys this summer, right? You can date them if you choose to, but it won't be your only option because you so fat right? We need to get rid of that first. And then here's the thing, once they got leaner, that ass looked better, right? Because the waste was small. She looked like a motherfucking hourglass instead of looking like a two liter. She was curvy instead of blocking. You know, she looked like Jessica Rabbit instead of SpongeBob Squarepants saying goes, for you, skinny fat boy. You're going to look more pretzels soon as you get leaner than when we put some muscle on top of your lean frame, you're going to look way better. You do that cut until you are as ripped as you want to be and use the mirror for that shit. If you feel like you're looking ripped as shredded, boom, then you cut. Then we're going to the bulk. So here's the rules for the bulk. We now need to be in a cleric surplus. So we want to be in at least a 500 calorie surplus. We want you to cut. You take your calories and pounds multiplied by 20. That's how many calories you should get for the bulk. Long with the same 1 gram of protein per pound to body weight. Now you can go back to chagipity, right? With those parameters. Let's say I was trying to bulk. I am 200 pounds. I live weights for the five days a week and do cardio make me diet plan where I'm getting my body weight in pounds times 15 and I'm getting 1 gram of protein per pound to body weight. I'm going to make her do the math. Now I send your boom. Zagina need 3,000 calories per day. Boom. She broke my macros. Now she knows I'm keto. So it's going to be different for y'all. She's got my carbs a little high. She fucked it up with that. All right. So she got all this shit. She got me no meal and it's it. That's the workout plan. This probably would be good for both of y'all. But I'm still keto. I still bulk on keto and I'm going to tell her make me a keto version. You got your diet plan for the bulk. How long do you bulk? You bulk until your abs start going away. Your abs are going to be your reference point. When you go on your first cut, you cut into you super ripped and you got and you finally got abs. Because all of you have abs. Even if you skinny fat, you got abs. You got abdominal muscles. You just can't see them over the fat. You over here looking like barred simps in right now. When you got the abs, then you bulk until you can't see your abs anymore. I'll wait until they start looking kind of less defined. It's not about the duration. It's about abs. Who's what you can keep abs all your round, but you're still bulking and cutting. And then right when your abs start to fade, you immediately go back into another cut. You can actually do this indefinitely. I've been doing this shit for like 20 years. I never do maintenance. There's really no such thing as maintenance. Right? You're either in an anabolic state where you're building muscle or you're in a catabolic state where you lose a muscle. If you maintain the same amount of muscle over a month or so, that means that you were equally anabolic in catabolic during that month. But you're always isolated between it too. It's kind of like when you're driving a car and you're driving straight. It looks like you're driving straight. But you know, you're always making those little micro adjustments. Right? You're never going to 100. Adjustments those on, but you're still moving forward. That's what the micro cut in micro bulk is like. I've been doing this shit for like 20 years, man. This is why people who said, man, Brandon, how do you stay ripped all year round? What the fuck in micro cutting in micro bulk? If you want to my OG fans from 2009, when I first started this channel, I was talking about this back then. This is the best way to build muscle and burn fat at the same time. Because you're not doing it simultaneously. You're doing it within the same time frame. Now, what about the workout during this time? If I could tell you what to do, but this video will be too fucking long. We got sky net now. Yo, make me a workout plan to build muscle based on the teachings of famous handsome YouTuber, Brandon Carter. You got to write handsome just get you, mix it up with any other Brandon Carter's out. Of course, this bitch knows what's up. She knows me, man. You're insane. Full body training for that. That's what I recommend. I have videos on a guapful body training is more effective. And this should give you the workout. And you can do the same thing for the cut tools. Tell them to make you workout based off the teachings of Brandon Carter. And you might be thinking, why fool? Why does Brandon work in full body workouts? Because I believe it's the best. And I've been a trainer longer than you've been alive. I've been training people for 25 years. Back when your mom was putting your daddy in the fringes on for you, you even got born. I was training him people a day. I have another video you should watch right now that it's show you why I think full body training is more effective. You can go watch that now. But also wait a minute. Some of you guys, you like damn. I want to be a trainer like you, Brandon, how do I do that? And I got a free book called The Ten Commandments of Online Training that it's show you exactly how to grow your online fitness business. I made millions. It's an online trainer and I've taught about 15,000 people out of grow their online fitness business too. Some of these motherfuckers are famous on YouTube now, man. I was a result of my teachings and my tutelage. You could be next. For free, all you guys do is download that book and show you how to link the description. All right.