Alright, so a lot of people come to me, they say, yeah, I'm trying to start my business, but I ain't got no bread. I ain't got no money. So I decided to bring my man, Shemidi here. He's an expert at helping people get funding for their businesses or their investments. And he's from Chicago like me, man, what have all my skills? Good. So like, man, tell me more about what you do, how you help people get funding for business. Yeah, so people come to me and get a dump for your service. We leverage a LOC to get access to your first 100,000 to 200,000 business funding. But my method the way I do it is 0% interest business credit card stacking. So that means I'll be able to get multiple different credit cards at a 0% interest row about a year, two years. And we try to get your 100,000 that way or 200,000 that way. Instead of trying to go get a loan, what are they going to ask for documentation? Maybe banks, they may attack, return a lot of stuff. Most people don't got them type of dots. Yeah, so you kind of mean, we get your no-doc money. So you get them like a few hundred grand. Yeah, so the first round of the fund we have get any between 100 to 200,000. And how long did they have to pay it pay it back? So you really want to pay it back before that 0% interest lost out. So you got a year, 18 months, so about a year and a half, sometimes, sometimes two years, depending upon the bank and minimum payments. Yeah, minimum payments. So the whole thing is the reason why I love this model so much is because I can leverage some of the L's, $100,000 in pay back. They probably don't mean you pay back $1,000 a month. So every credit card that we use, they probably will make us pay like $150 a month back. Yeah, I mean, you've got to have good credit though, like you can't do it. So what kind of credit you need? Yeah, so you need anywhere between $700, $750. Okay, it's not really about the credit score, bro, it's really about the credit report. How we build your report. That's what we don't build the reports to. So basically, I got things where I just let people learn and build up themselves, which is not hard. It's literally just getting things in your name that you need to pay on time every month. Yeah, like fucking bills or what. Yeah, so like, rent reporters. So like, it's one way that we can get your rent, report it to your credit report and we can back data to a three years. So now we have put two, three years of history on time, payments on your rent, onto your credit report. That's a good account. That's how we establish a better report. Those are type of accounts. So it's going to be on credit cards, right? Yeah, let me just back up. It's going to be on credit cards. Yeah, right. And you get cash for credit cards. You use the credit like tell me, that's exactly how you just play more. So you can, liquid, it's called liquidation. Yeah, you can liquidate money off credit cards if you want. Yeah, not on time. The 10 thing that we got paid for, you can use the credit card for most of the time. But it is a situation where you have to absolutely, we definitely could be able to liquidate credit card money off the credit cards at the cash. Is that extra fee for this? Uh, another way we do it now. Uh, I do it away. You don't have to pay no fee. Uh, small sales supersavvy. Man, well, you do like it. It's made to you. I do. I do. But um, most people think about cash event. So cash event is going to tax. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, we don't want to do that. We want to use creative strategies to be able to get the money off the credit card. We want to buy some shit and sell it, man. Uh, let's just say a simple little quick little eating one, right? Yeah. If you buy to go pay your rent for $2,000, all right, let me pay with my credit card. Give me $2,000 cash. That's just like a little simple little way. But otherwise, you can send me an invoice. Okay, send me an invoice of $5,000. Mm-hm. I pay with my credit card. You my friend, best friend. You know, husband or Joe White. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, so somebody would different, but in and now you they could be able to give you the cash. Wait, but if I do that, I got to pay taxes on that money. As you can be able to offset it, uh, I'm gonna pay taxes on that. All right, and this is kind of stuff you teach. Yeah, it's nice to have a question. So what what we do with, man, let's say I'm a dual, right? I'm trying to start his business. Yeah. You know, it takes some start of capital. So now like a service business or some sort. And I'm like, man, I need to get this funded. I don't know what the average credit score is. And then I've something that's something that's the SME. And I got a bunch of liquid cash, obviously, because I need a cash. Like, what can you walk me through the steps that like, maybe a viewer can take him to? Yeah. So we need leverage a Metro 2 AI software. All right, now this software kind of does the work for you. Meaning they'll pull in your credit report, right? They'll basically pull up all the negative items when you're credit reported and they'll leverage AI and Metro 2 compliance to be able to draft you up dispute letters to send to the credit brewers and on your behalf, so that you can start disputing the negative things off your credit report. Okay. So we'll rather you clean your credit up first. You know, you can't go get access to the money with the negative items, collections, the regulatory, market, market, bank reps, these late payments. All that stuff. How long is that going to take the clearer? Some people's fast, some people's longer. So everybody's different. Some people get done in 60 days. Some people get done in 60 days. Some people get done in 60 days. Eight months. Right. It all depends on what you have on there. You know, how many you started there earlier? Yeah. The sooner you started, the better thing you started yesterday. Yeah. Perfect. Because credit is a tool that we use in our life. A lot of things. Oh, show me. Like, I put so like, I put everything on my car. I think you're like, I don't even walk around with cash. Yeah, everything's going to credit. Yeah, everything in the credit card. So yeah. The next business model will be, no, no, but you say first we coming to credit up, then what then I come to you. Yeah. So then, you know, come to me. We build. Okay. So if you are getting things in your name, get your auto loan and get your first credit card. Okay. Put your rent on your credit. Where's she a score B? Uh, so it's starting. Getting something that's the count of the matter was score. So we get like self-lender, credit, and so on. We get building products. Yeah. You get out of her way along your credit report. That where doesn't matter. Self is like a good one, right? Yep. So credit strong, rent reporters, kick off. Anybody can get access to those. Anybody can get access to those. And then you start building, you should up. Yeah. And why you getting rid of the rockers were you marked. Yeah. And then when they come to a certain score, then they can start utilizing your methods to the new old credit. Get the money. After you can plan it, after you get to about 700, you said, yeah. So clean it, build it up, and do you go get access to the money? No, I don't know what's the steps now. Yeah. So then now you need to my personal preference. I tell people to do is go get you a mentor. All right. Leverage the money to go get you a mentor and fill the business that you want to start or grow. So if I'm trying to get in a real estate, I don't just take the money and go just pie property of a hundred thousand dollars and just now I'm just in it. That's not ideally what you want to do. You want to go get your coach take that money. Take five thousand dollars, 10 thousand of it. Now go get you a mentor and a coach of somebody who's a eight figure earner in real estate that an RA'd have 400 properties and did this buy on your time, like the back wall can cut down your learning curve. Yeah. So now he gives you the layout, the blueprint, the learning curve, you learn everything you master. Okay. Now leverage the money that you got access through to be at a start this business on investment. I think that's a smarter way. No, it's a risk. Yeah. It's a risk and everything you do. The risk when you walk outside the door. But for, I mean, if you don't do it, what you're going to do. So that's all right. All right. All right. Yeah. That's the fact. So when I had just gotten to real estate, this year, okay? Yeah. That's the end. But the new section, they really stayed in. I got my boy, a mentor to help me walk out of the door. You go. And it's done. They get easier. Maybe it's not. So I would have met the figure out all that I'm on. Yeah. That very sister best teacher, but they ain't got to be your experience. You know, well, how much money have you been able to get for your client? We got one of our clients who had a great credit for your 800 credit score. Yeah. Had his business open for two or three years already. Mm. We got some minor credits, credit cards, loans. We would end up getting them around $650,000. It was found on call out. Yeah. That business credit is different than personal credit. No. Yes. 100 you tell me the difference. So you leverage personal credit, which a personal name, and personal credit report. And you get things in your personal name. Business credit will be which LLC and your EIN. And you can build that upset from your personal credit. Yeah. You got personal credit score and business credit score. Right. You can build both of those. And your loans and your loans or your credit cards, they don't count on your personal credit report. Uh, no. So the ones that we get, they only report to the business out. But. But. But. But they're going to pull your personal credit to see how good it is to get to the amount that we want you to get. So personal credit can help or hurt you with your business credit. But business credit won't hurt or help you with your personal business credit. Nope. Exactly. They'll know if you get the wrong credit cards and they will sum it the wrong credit card. So like capital one or discover business credit card. Yeah. They also report to your personal. Really. Totally. Port. That loan which a business credit So if they let it go, what is it? And everything. Huh? This is so they report you usually. Yeah. That's terrible. Raised. And we don't want that so that that that that the defeat the purpose of what we trying to do. Yeah. I'm trying to invest 50,000. I don't want to reflect them on personal credit. That's the fact, man. I got an amics plan them in a goal. Yeah. You know, it is that they say it is no limit. But I find that limit every month. I'm blind at it. It's it every month. Yeah. And if that's, if I had that kind of utilization of a personal credit my suit would be trashed. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So give me some other tips, man. They did it. Yeah. So now I'll get I started and schedule my funding company. Okay. So oh, you, you weren't a funding company. So I run a funding company. Yeah. Tell me more about that. So that's me doing a dump for your service and getting you access the at first 100,000 to 100,000 dollars. And you don't do nothing. So hands off thing for a client dump for your service by us. And we try to service you in a backing. Also, like if everybody doesn't want to do all this work you told me. Yeah. They don't want to do all the work. Yeah. Yeah. I just do it for you. What is the work? So they would sort of know like exactly what it is. Yeah. So if they did it on the own, what would it look like? It'll look like this. You got to have access to reps inside of banks. So you have to have relationships with people inside of a bank. Well, this is the high level with a down doing. Yeah. If you don't know, you don't know. But we get we get access to relationships, managers, inside of banks that we know the underwriters of. And we be able to push our applications through them. So we don't go online like the masses. We don't go on the banks to be at a plyppocratic art. Like the masses. We have relationships with people inside of the bank who's are close to the underwriters who push our applications through dacusines. So my client don't got to go on the bank. I don't got to go on the bank. We get our poofles through our relationship manager. And we get the request on them is we don't get our poof for limits. Most people get our poof for limits. Yeah. West our limits. So if it's if all was to do it like somebody was to do all, they're also going to call herself. It'd be a way different experience. It's a way different experience. I think somebody get a poof they like, man, I got to put the 3000. And then the same credit card with the same credit card for our poof for 80,000. Oh, say like, how the yeah, okay, so you got some you got some inside. Yeah, plugs. Yeah, so basically, um, because somebody's somebody's going to know that basically the the type of application pushed through that I have a my relationship based managers is a different application. We get the put on our notes on our application. Why we're using the money to reflect why we need this limit. And for them to honor like, okay, that's credible of why this person needs that limit. Yeah. And then we are directly with the underwriter with the relationship manager. So he's pushing it through himself, you know, and then we also get that special note. And then we also request our limits. So now that combination of things, plus you have a good credit report now. So you're already that gets us the higher limits than what a lot of people get. I got you guys who, so if someone was doing it on their home, they probably just wouldn't be able to it would have those advantage. And say, when you get to say, just going blind for it online, just applying the whole trying to figure it. They hoping it would. They hoping it would. Yeah, you got to go to guys. You have a much charged for it. Yeah, so it's a percentage on the back end. Any way between five to 10% of the back end. Also, it's no money upfront. I don't know money upfront for that on the back end. We get, okay, you know, but we just charge one of their cards. But they sit at zero percent interest. Yeah. And then we always use the card that got like an introduction like bonus. So sometimes you might get a thousand dollars back. I'm just paying us. I'll really. Yes, like you know, I've been getting like $80,000 rewards points on a thousand over a worth. Once if you spend an extra $100, yeah, well, you got to make this payment for your service. Okay, cool. God, now you're reaching bonus isn't stuff. What do people usually use this money for? Like starting businesses? Uh, so I'll say what I use it for. And what are the people that come from under me in my learnings? What do you use it for? We use it to build up personal brand. We use it for marketing, advertisement. Okay. And sometimes we use it for anything in our business. Like the pay for a role or until like purchase the reinvest back into my business, the reinvest back into myself. We invest into mentorship. I leverage other people money for everything to be honest. It's really no official. What's the problem? So it's better for people already have a business where just could use it to start business. Both. Okay. If you already have a business, you have extra opportunities to scale with more money. Yeah. Some more money you have, the more capability you have to scale. Some buy with access to 500,000 versus some buy access to 50,000. You can do a bigger thing. You know what I mean? So just anybody with a brand or anybody that's starting one. My mind said is, why would you use your own money? When you can put your money to the side, I do. And leverage somebody else's money to be able to make money. What do you say about the people like Dave Ramsey to you? Never I'm creating, never buy money. Like what's your counter argument? This is how I think about it. If you don't learn how to leverage debt, you're all going to work with somebody that do. Tell me more about that. So if I'm trying to make money most of the time, to call people go to work. If you're not going to start a business or a leverage debt to get into real estate, or he just type of things, right? Okay. Well then, how are you going to make money now? If it's not starting business or an investment, it sounds like you're going to have to work for somebody or do something legal. He just says, yeah, I let it. And if you want to work for somebody, if the person you're working for is leverage and debt to start their business, and they're hiring you for. And so I feel like, man, you should learn it and leverage it because and it just extends opportunity. A lot of people trying to get out of debt to go to zero. And then you still broke. You don't got no money just because you're out of debt. That's what you do. You know what I mean? And it's just, that concept to me makes a lot of sense in my head and brain. And you know what I was in college is like early 2000s, right? Maybe it was like 2000 or something. And I saw, I saw episode of MTV Creeps with a bird man. And he said, hey, whoa, dude, I ain't got no loans or in thousand. I don't know those on his cars. I don't know all this. Oh yeah. And I thought, oh, bird man don't got no loans or no credit. And I'm gonna do the same thing. So I had like no credit until I was like 38. Like zero, my credit score was the one I looked, it was like zero. Yeah, like it was nothing. I built business like a multi-seventh figure business using debit cards and shit. Wow. And I didn't realize how much of fucking I was missing out on. You know, because you know, so then I got into credit. I thought I learned about it. This is like just a few years ago, bro. Now I like a fuck man. I was so stupid man. It's crazy. It's now I got the amics platinum in the gold. And I got so many points, man. That's the bit of your bro. There you go. The talk went into the road. You talk about it. It's almost shit. And I get free trips, free travel. There you go. Because it makes me mad when I think about how much money you missed. Right. It's in so many point. No. It's like, you guys, so then man, you guys, that's the power of credit. Three million. And you're million. And they're going. Yeah. So that moved the route. So you know, it's not a screenshot. No, that's three million dollars in rewards points. That's extra money that you have access to. Yeah, just because you use credit. Nothing else. Like my flight's a free. Everything. Well, travel hotels say, yeah. I mean, the computer. And I was building a buy it off Amazon. I write and they said, they gave me the option. You use my own voice. Oh, shit. I think you can tell. That's amazing. But that's amazing, right? Yeah. It didn't just leverage, right? You know, I can only make moves with the money I had when I was running. The business of the debit card. I did. Right. And I had access to like, oh, we can scale these ads. But I know what kind of a return of ads been like, it from my ads. And so it's in if I use their money, it's like, oh, shit. That's, you know, it's like, you got the all- It's very important. But I was like, it's like the best model that I ever seen in my life. Like, when I started really getting into my bread, it's like, this is the real road. Like, you can really let it just love like that. Easy if you just meet the requirement. It's getting. And makes the little different records. You've got to pay it off every month. Right. The one you have. The one that is different ones that you can get. That you don't got to go. Like, those are charge cards. Yeah, these are charge cards. Yeah. So the ones we use, we don't use charge cards. The best of the purposes. But for what you're doing is bond. I get them too. It made sense because I went from using my debit card. So I was like, I just treat it like 100 a debit card. But I get the fucking points. 100. And it may be just like, I got to pay this off every month. You see, you're like, you just thought, you did the living. They find that living for you. But it will. But it goes up over time. It can go on up. Yeah, yeah. And so, but it's like, I paid off every month. Yeah, right. You know, it's just, I went through the last minute, though. It took a long time. I can money every day. Yeah. You waited in the month out. I recuperate. I'm late. Not gonna. I'm not paid off. I just like, some of Bellbee, man. Like, I've paid off on the last day. I don't be paid. They said, they'll probably. Yeah. I love his. Yeah. Let me. But I just like give him a lump. Some on the day up. Yeah. Yeah. Not that school, man. So, you know, what would you say to somebody, man, who's thinking about learning, like, created, like, how to how to go about it, like, Trent learned, and leverage this stuff the way. Like, we have and you teach us students. Yeah. I just feel like it's like anything else. It's like when you didn't know how to ride a bike, around the down there, you had to ride on their training wheels until you were able to ride without training wheels. It's just about learning. It's just about learning about it. How to use it. I'd leverage it. Once you learn it, it's not rocket science. It was not the thing in the world. Like, I would think that you got to be the smartest person world to be able to get 250,000, have 800 credits go when I was used to think about credit. So I know a lot of people out there are thinking about it as this big thing. And it's like, it's literally not. It's like one little concept you need to learn in this life. You just need to get it together and use it. You learn me. And when people get over that hump of it, all this, you scare yourself on a back-end, scientific things that you need to do. It's just something you need to learn and just start using and start getting used to what to do and not to do with it. And take care of it and take it seriously. They can really change their life with leverage and internet. I think one of the key's, man, you know, is just really the thumb up borrow money's only to make money. Yeah, that's the number one thing. Yeah, that's the number one thing. You need money to make money. So it's like, I use it on things that make me money. And I usually want to see like a ROI within the first month. You know, but I know how to do that with like the shit that I don't do. Yeah. But, you know, that's the only thing I would caution. People will get to like, I only use it as a tool to go get more money. Yeah. You know what I'm doing? That's it. You like, and these don't don't be out here trying to, I'll mail me a hit-up, smitty. And I'll mail you a hit-up, smitty, and I'm making you the new AP. It was like, don't, I don't do it like that. I'll tell you. And I'm glad you mentioned that to them because I need to double mentioned it to them. Yeah. When I first got into this in my first time coaching, that's what one of my students did. Man, he came in. He's like, wow, this is amazing. I got a totem how to get his own 100,000. Oh man, that man went, hey, wire. He came back. He said, I got my first Rolex. Man, I got my range truck, man. Oh, why don't get this? I said, you put it down payment on the range. He wrote it, you got the Rolex. You got the glam. I mean, nothing left with the range truck. And he had bought some more stuff. Like, when they got a condo, he like, I finally did it. My guy did everything I wanted to do. I said, oh man, no. But I just asked out a coaching. So I didn't even know what a new view was and where did I, I was in that case when he did that, though, it made me so much better as a coach to now. You know, focus on that point of please don't go. Spin this money on things that you can't make money up of because you got to pay this money. Bad. And I mean, you got to pay it back. Like, he fucked his life up more probably, right? Because now he's got a bigger car payment. He borrowed money to put a down payment on more than. They don't, you know what I'm saying? Like, he really, he's super leverage. Like, he really fucked himself up. And then he got a new condo. So he probably paid first last month rent and all this shit. And now he's, now he's monthly. It's, that's his high. Use that money to ruin his life. No, but I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I say, let's go bring out this car. You got, okay. So you're in at least make a car, no back or more. Hopefully. Okay. So that helped him out with that. Yeah. Now I did the Rolex and the condo. I don't know what you did with that. But he's, he's in good now. He's good to say, yeah. Yeah, he did the learning that he was super young. I hope he was young. I hope he was young. But he made me the better as a coach to not you. They're right further like, all the users as a tool, man. You don't got the money that you can't pay it back or good business money that you know. Spursur just going to go in a good way. You not, you not. You got to pay it back. Got to pay it back. Just go to the floor. Like, no, your personal doesn't mean it's not him. No, you got paid as much. I was a person. You got paid back. You got to pay your bad. Yeah. Money is leverage, right? And credit is like leverage on leverage, right? So the thing about it is, like I've seen money, fuck some people up, right? Yeah. I know I want to say his name, but this is due in my family. He made a bunch of money. I told him I start this business city with running. I was like, coach him and he started doing really well. And then he just used that money to really, like it accentuated how fucked up he was. Right? Like all the vices. He got like more into the vices. And then he had made over a million dollars, right? And like one year. Like because he had me, it's a coach, right? So he's going to do well. And the family. So I really care. And then he just started falling off. And then he sent me his crazy shot of his big guy doing it $1,000. And then so I like make a choice over. So I flew him, I flew into Miami to come here. I was like, now there's some emergency. You know, you grow man, when I leave that out of dollars. And I hooked, you know, remember, mint.com. You could hook up all your accounts to it. And he could use like a report of all your spending. And all the money. I mean, it's kind of, it's like, it's made by the into it. Right? So it's like quickly. It's like quick books, but like for your personal life, right? And I linked all of this in to mint.com. And it'll go back like a few months. That's all right. We're going to categorize every dollar you spent through this been like 80 grand on chicks. See him saying, no, not the not for us to just like, five, my yeah, yeah, and then it was for us to take with him a temperament. You know, but it like they've been flying around and I'm like, oh, man, he blew all his money, man. So they got he didn't know credit because he would have put himself in a worse position like like your boy, man. Like that's what he's doing with his cash on land imagine. If you could just throw his card around. I say that to say to the viewer, like you got to be real careful with that. You got to be responsible like a fucking dog. Where you got to meet him? We shouldn't have to tell a dog. You shouldn't do it, but you have to tell them. Look at him. Yeah, the average American's IQ is only about 100. So there's a lot of people to the left at that bill curve. And we got to make sure we look out for them. That's the fact. And they'll fuck their whole suit up. But that's why I spoke on a part of mentorship first too. Yeah, I didn't say just get out here. You know, I mean, getting you a coach, I meant to the guy you through the helping you with the situation. You know, I buy yourself trying to do these things. I make it just so much easier and such less riskier. You know, but getting to the top, you don't take some risks anyway. So you get a pair for that. I don't go thinking from what? What does that think he said? What does that think he said? I'm a thing. You got to take risks? I'll take risks. Yeah, I said you got to take risks. I think I'll take risks regardless. Trying to get to the top. Yeah, no, no. I mean, but as long as it's calculated, it's like, you might, I tell people who scared to take a risk, especially when it's money, especially if they broke already. I'm like, muffin. You know, you mastered being broke. You could have been broke. Yeah. So like, worst gap in is you're going to be broken if you had made it. But you could have been broke. You like you comfortable here. So like you should like take risks and give yourself a shot at least, man, just 100% you fall too far from. Speaking of speaking to which man, you from Chicago like me, man. Yeah, you throw you from the west side. Yeah. And I don't know what about west side. I try to stay away, you know, for like gang affiliation reactions. So like, oh, no, no, no, no, no. South, South, South, South, South, South, South, South. Yeah. But when I think of the west side, I think it like, like, muffucks might have chickens in any backyard, or the some cities that really liked that, or what, like, muffucks might be. Yeah. I think like crucial conflict. Like the rap group, they was from there. They used to wear overalls and shit. So so I wasn't in that long. I was, I was in South too. I was South, I was South, I was, I was, I was, but like, overheat South, so like 75 and exchange over. Okay. That's it. We're a, it's terrible. I'm like, so, um, me being over there for like a year and then like I older and I started hanging out with my group of friends, I hang out with now. They're from west, so I started my grade, no, but I got older. But I never like stayed and lived in western state. I'm who's the west suburbs. So you were okay. Okay. Yeah. So, but I, I say that because most people in America don't know what suburbs is. I just think Chicago or West Side Chicago, but just really the west suburbs. I know, okay, a lot of Chicago. I led in Chicago in the trenches in Chicago for two years. Yeah. I told my mom, we don't ever bring me back at every. And my like, how old was you then? I was like, uh, I think I was like 11 and 11. Yeah. Bro, I said, my mom, my own everyone come back here again. I just seen the back. Breakfast stuff. I see my life at this age. I know I'm not supposed to be seeing this up. I see. Yeah. I'm out there taking me on. I'm talking about basketball. I'm trying to live a good life. I ain't trying to get killed. But um, so I went to the west suburbs. So like, past Sean burger not okay. Okay, okay. Oh, that's cool. That was it. It's way. It's way. We'll live a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How old was you when you got over there? Uh, yeah. Yeah, it's just young. And okay. Yeah. And then out. So it's just young. That's good. Yeah. So when I started learning the business stuff, I understood right away. When I when I grabbed it, I kind of knew what was about to happen. I'm like, I know my work ethic. I know my willingness to lock in. I know my willingness to put in the work and ask you to ask. This is about to take me to the next level. But when I get to the next level, I can't be in Chicago. Yeah. I know what's up. Carl's gonna be Johnny Gitt. I just have a jury on me. Yeah. And I cannot be in Chicago. I have a big target on my back. So I have to move. Yeah. But then a tragedy happened on my best friend while I lived with. Yeah. I was sad I started here. Yeah. On James Chicago. Yeah. So that was the biggest turning point for me to be like, it's definitely over. And I need to figure out where I'm from and doing for the government. Yeah. And then like that moment, I had in my brain since that day that I wanted to get out of here. My mom here, my sister, my little brother here. My daughter's here right now. So now I got forgot this vision. Like I hide this as soon as my grandson was else. I'd never been in a world in my life. Yeah. But his brother has got to happen. He's got to happen. But when I always, when you hold me stuck getting killed man, like a lot of guys I grew up with just dead, you know what I'm saying? And it's just like, you got it. Everybody at living, I have to meant why though. Like, move man. You can go, move somewhere and be poor somewhere else, right? You know, it's safe. It's not Chicago man. Like why? I never understood where I'm going to fucking stay man. I did, I think I think it's just, they don't, they don't know better. It's like a bubble of just seeing what they seen and knowing what they know they don't know outside of this bubble. There's social media is just bubble because they friends with the same people as in this. Uh, with they see everything with a group around, they mom, they parents, they friends, it's all in this bubble. They don't see outside the bubble. So it's hard to try to even think about how they could get out of it. They never think they don't know about it. Nobody don't know what's going on out there. They literally only know what's in this bubble. Some people never, out of Chicago never even went to the west side of Chicago. They only, hey, like, you never been, I never even been in my life. I had a 30 years old girl. You never been, I never even went to the west side. That's what they're doing. That's what I mean by their just, it is one bubble, a range from 33 to 79. They never been outside of this one bubble. They didn't like it in the five, 30 years old. So I think that they just haven't been exposed to how they can and would aid it. They can actually move. That they can actually do something besides being in this, that they're in. Yeah, I literally think that some of them are like just roamed in to it. It's just like, that makes a lot of them. You know what I mean? I can, well, I got to sit the way to military school because I got to, like, some trouble on the sunrise. I was here on, like, some affirmative action typeship. So I was like the only black dude there. Like one of a few, like me, it was my cousin. He got in trouble. And it was like, you know, I mean, five black dudes there. And everybody else, like, super rich of an M.A.R. It was like, my focus from Mexico, who was like, my time in Italy is like, like, like, British Mexican families would send their kids there. And though I started seeing it, she was like, oh, shit. This is different. Like one of the homies got him up, one of the homies got him fucking range over for his birthday. And, you know, he's going like, oh, shit. This is different. Yeah. So I think it's exposure to make people think, okay, maybe I can do more. And I think you're right. They're saying that bubble. Yeah. And not you get the courage to fucking move, to leave. Me, I, once I got that exposure, military school, I just never went back. I was like, I went to college after I went to Howard. And as I was like, I would really go back to college. I was like, man, fuck that shit. And then after college, I went to Atlanta for a year, and then I moved to New York. And I lived in New York for like 15 years. But how'd you get the courage to leave? Yeah. So I was in the bubble too. No, that's not what I'm. That's how I noticed this real. I was in that bubble and I understand the outside. I was going on in all the different states and stuff. People do a business. I don't know nothing about credit. I don't know nothing about it. But my friend, the mine, started first. So he did what he did was called, like we call it like the locking season. Like he disappeared for months, like six months. He like didn't go outside with us anymore. He was hanging out going with. So he liked that was no credit. In the crib, yeah. He wasn't going with the girls. No more. We didn't want to vacation anymore. We in outside. I spent in part and having fun going to the club. Nothing. He cut it cold turkey. What he was doing was he was learning. He was learning about real estate. He was learning about building this business credit. He was learning about you know funding for this learning about how to start business. I didn't invest. And then he kind of told us at first. We kind of blew it off. He wasn't listening to it. Like man, you know, you acting weird bro. Like you come outside with it. He was like, no, I'm really like, I got something. I learned something. Nobody listened to him like that first. Because we didn't understand what he was doing. Well, I made you tripping. We kept saying that for a while. And then he popped up with. He got my first investment property. No, I was like, I ain't my way to make it. Oh, don't you meant to tell me about something like cost $300,000. I did do that. You know what I mean? He's like, I've been telling him. Yeah. Yeah, I got a proof of like two credit cards for like 10 and 20,000 each. So he got at cost $30,000, $40,000 one day. Maybe I've been trying to save $30,000 for three years. And it stood him and they could do it. You mean to tell me you got to prove for $30,000 one day. Yeah. Like, but when in my head, bro, it was over. Like from that moment on, I had a light bulb. Being in my head to be like, wow, there is a lot more out here than life. A lot more things I could be using. A lot more things I could be learning about besides what I've been doing. I think that I could do out here to make money or look. It's just a set of learning game and shakes and stuff. You have to say, you know, drugs and rounds. You sit around. Yeah. Going to work for 20 years. It's all I see. I see some drugs, stuff, scamming. And people going to work for 20 years. Yeah. Yeah. You listen? You know what I mean? But he did that. That changed my life forever. So now I tell him, I tell him, bro, teach me everything that you just learned over the last six months that you talk about. Oh, you used lock down for six. There's a lot of lessons in this story. I don't know. So he used lock down for six months. Yeah. He accomplished something and then you was around him. You could you saw someone like you who come for you from through something, but then it made you feel more real to you. Right? Well, imagine sitting and I'm seeing some of you going to TV. So people hear it about it. It's like, when somebody just like you did it. Right? That's why I was like, oh, we're really going to get that part of your story because there's some people who watch it from where we're from. Music. And then they, they, it looked like us, right? And they might be, they, it makes them more real to more just we get these stories out. But after that change, you're like, they don't what you do. They won't have. Yeah. So then I went in my own lock and seeing a little like six to eight months. Yeah. And I'm this is taking over my whole brain. Now, I can't think about nothing else but business credit. Yeah. It's better than I'm like. I got to figure all this stuff out. I got to learn everything about it from the bottom to the top. I don't care what it is. I'm learning about it. Yeah. So then did that for about six months. So I just learned everything that he was like, then he was like, you wouldn't, he gave you like material, like, chords is, chords and all that stuff. And then he's so he invested into a program called Spah. $5,000. Oh shit. Right after he did it, I did it too. I'm like, I'm, I'm all men. Whatever we go, whatever I'm about to do, I'm all in. And then so I thought I locked into that mentor and that coach. I got $500, $800, $800 and RPX, but man, I went pro. I was just so locked in. I mastered that stuff to the, to, I don't, it's nothing. Nobody can ask me in this word about business credit credit or funding. It allows you something. If another lesson, right, you, you found a lane. You like really learned it. Yeah. That's it. Nothing else. I don't want to talk about it. I'm just strictly this until I master and then able to do it for myself. And then able to do it for other people. So then I did it for myself. I had a bad credit score. I looked at my credit score. I'm like, oh, let's get this stuff rolling. Let's get this stuff rolling. I'll throw it up get some credit cards. Some. Look at my credit score. 4, 69. And all day. All right. That's the first step. I thought, nothing put you in jail when it's that low. Like, something like you up and you fucking scoundrel. At that time, you didn't care about that. Yeah. But I looked at my credit score. I said, oh man, my credit score. 4, 69 can't do nothing with this. No. So now I thought the first thing, the first learning curve I got learned is credit repair. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I learned the credit repair aspect that how to go about it. How to do the right way. How to clean these things. All I had to take it off. Can you take this stuff off just like every day? Clean my own credit. Okay. My credit. Me and my friend. He was helping me to eat like bro. He was just used this. Or I'm learning this stuff. Let me try. It's just this work. So everything. He got some stuff that work. I got some stuff that work. We're trying everything. I clean my whole credit report off. Like a four month. That's what's up. I'm just going to score two. Like 730. Right. Yeah. I got my first credit card. All of a sudden. That's the feel good bro. Yeah. It's the real. I got my own credit. My own name when it was four five thousand miles. Yeah. I'm like, okay. This is real. Really. I mean, I had. When I. I didn't have nothing right. So I had to get the authorize. He was the. Yeah. That's the only thing I did. You know, one of the homegirls. My homegirls. She put me on. So I took home. That's it. Shout to you man. She blocked me man. Oh. We still cool. So appreciate what she did. That's the cycle man. You know, you may grow. You'll start hanging out. Then she blocks me. That's what that's an hour. That's the. That's the. Because you always put your game. Yeah. No. So that was. Yeah. A good card. If you had a like five year. Right. So that. And then that allowed me to get the. Amics. Not the plant. It was the blue. Right. And then I got the blue. And then I think I went. I had her rent somewhere. Did if you get savings of Cal and Amics. They look favorable about herself. I'm going to start their high yield. Say it is just a little bit. Then they offered me to fucking platinum. And then then. And then. And notice. I think it was the goal for. I don't remember which one was first. But I took them both. I'm waiting. I'm waiting for that. Fucking centering man. Yeah. The black got a plug. I got. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. No. That's the first. Yeah. I got you should be. I think I call it. No. I got. I know some of them. No spin as much as me. I got. I got. That's what's up. But you know what I love about your stories, man. Like we're from the same city. Some of the background is a shit. And. Like you did it legit. You did it legal. And came up. And. I just. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. Mm. So we were going to be. A hundred percent. Crying, yea, that's what we were doing. Of. It's. Yeah. It's really. Me. Yes. I was arren barley. I was rh. I was on 1. Then they would. Ienger. I've been like.ottle. What made you pick Atlanta? Uh, this is gonna move anywhere. Uh, so I started seeing now, now I'm in my business. I'm getting business savvy. I'm starting to learn. I'm starting to understand. We got to start businesses. We got to get invested. Everyone get to the next level. So now I'm seeing stuff on social media. Now I'm my social media. It's my social media. What I watch and what I'm scrolling through. Every day is changing. Yeah. Unfollowing all the BS and all the game, banging outside and shit. If you're not a wild, the drum, because they're gaming banging on the internet, man. I don't think they really do when they're doing that. Yeah. It was different when I was from Chicago. Yeah. That's what I'm unfollowing all that. And now I'm following all the multi-millionaires, all the positive pages, all the theme pages that talk about me and a million and all the non-sense advertisement. Now I'm from business. People always say, hey, I start this business. Yeah. This was, I did, you know. So then so those things. And then every time I come across somebody that I, you know, resonated with or felt as though I can learn from, they kept being from Atlanta. So I'm like, all right. Then I don't know that. And then I always heard a little bit when people were out of town telling, oh, that's the black club on Japan, New Year's of people that make a lot of money. They go there, line them in. So that was the first place I knew about that people who do that type of stuff, that's so I'm like, okay, why would I stand by an environment where I haven't met not one million there? Yeah. Where I see it. Well, here, having been to where it's 100 millionaires and one event, how be it a bump showed this in revs shoulders with a lot of people at a higher level. Way faster than I am here. So when I had them on my own, it took me like three four months out of there. I love it. I myself, smart move me. I buy myself, I got out. But who came by yourself? I'm myself. That's what's up. I got out. I wasn't scared, bro. I'm just like, you know what? I've been doing this for long enough, right? It doesn't know where it, it's nowhere, it's nowhere. It's like, look at this, you know, I'm out. Yeah, no, it's from what I see is, I mean, they got they got crum-shed there, but I'm sure you can go in where like two chains grew up or no shit like that. You see. I'm during my dad. When we're on bed now, I'm out of the go first. The suburbs are so different. Yeah. It's too much moving around, going on, man. Great. No, I feel you, man. If I see to me, dreadlocks, I'm like, nah, nigga. I know what's your time, y'all, long. Unless you got sued on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just doing a Navy's movie. Right, every time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought you were popping. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're out here looking like Keith, Keith. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like, as Atlanta, you know, I still feel like it. Maybe, maybe. I still feel like it's heard. Like, I'm wearing none of my watches this year when I go to the other time. Like, I'll be working in G-Shot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As this moves, we always been aware of time I'm out. I'm always going to be in Byrdman, where is I'm with a millionaire. Yeah, okay. And here, you just know you just got to know it. I know, I learned how to move on Chicago. Yeah, that's the same thing. So, I learned how to move out there. He plays a dubbing going to the other side, man. This easy move, no, or do I have to Chicago, like, last year for a... It was like a funeral and in my girl came with me. And I was like, all right, we're going to sell. So I had to call this jury, put it in and say, yeah, nine. Yeah, yeah, they're good. You all don't fucking around me because, you know, I got the strap. Yeah, yeah, they're really good. You did. Right, super cool. I know these marks. Listen, I know these people. Right, not that stupid. That's been real. Yeah, that's not no for play. We were just southside, like, you know, where I'm from, it didn't. My sister because she got a church, like, man, slightly. Literally, we had to drop past old block to go to the fucking church. And I was like, really, man. Listen, I was exactly this old. It's not like, I don't feel like that in the land of, but I don't be in those parts. I'm sure they got, they know how they got it. Everybody got bad parts for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to go to them parts. I want to go to them parts in those days. No, it's a lot of lessons to get there. That's not that hard. Even in my enemy, man. You know, but there's a lot of lessons in there. Like, one is like, you got around somebody who was doing it, what you gave you different Vision. You know, like, because you become like the people you're around. And it's involuntary. You know, this is why people from different regions have similar accents or a dialect, or maybe you're interested in similar, because it's, you become like the people you're around. And you don't even have to think about just happens, right? But you met somebody who was doing some different, right? And then you, you've actually not said that he showed you what was possible. And then you moved to Atlanta. I'm sure you started making even more money when you moved in Atlanta, right? Because you got around other people who are, it's like a different vibration. Everybody's on a different frequency. You know, the worst thing about Chicago. I mean, the hood is Chicago, right? This beautiful parts, but it's like, it feels hopeless, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like, you could feel it. It's in the air. You could put it in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, and then when I go back, when I go back, I know them kids. They don't like think they go on to be fucking hitchhiking managers or fucking, you know, they do. It might not, a lot, like also real shit, you know? And I would just say, man, if you could change an environment, even if you ain't fucking balling when you do it, like it's media, the, as soon as you can, like change an environment, you know, it, it, it, it changed everything for you. You know, I try to be that person that can open up their brain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, get them to think about exposure in different ways and different areas. I try to be that person for them. A lot of them show all of me on social media. Yeah, so I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? Like, I hate it all time. I try, but as we got to do many videos as I post in the many ways as I tell them, man, it's still hard to get through. If, you know, this, you got, you just have to keep doing it, man, because I think the more of us, personally from Chicago come out, and we, we, like, were successful in a very legit way, where some of this, like, admirable, then it, it's, um, it's attainable, right? Like, we didn't, we not like superstar athletes or a fucking, no bad rappers or nothing. Like, I would, I would, I would, yeah, I would. Yeah, I would. Yeah, I ain't go to college. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I started this stuff in ground zero. Yeah, man. I ain't go to college. I'm not the smartest person in the world. Don't ask me to write no 10-page paper. Yeah, ever. I'm not going to be that's what I quit college. Yeah, I'll tell everybody, if 15-page paper, I walked out of the next week. I said, I can't do this to the top, I don't know what to do. You know what I mean? So you still, but they, we still was able to figure out. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Now, when I was a military school, I, I fucking, I saw how rich. I saw like real, I actually met rich people. Yeah. I think those was the first white people I had met. Like, I don't think I had a conversation with a white person and so then. Yeah, but some of them was rich. I was like, oh shit, but it's real. And I'll be, that's when I decided to, you know, I'm just stuck in the degrees and go to school. Yeah, but it, it, it, it, it, it exposure like change my environment, my, my perspective. And now we get the internet so they can see people like you who come from Chicago and they can see this image. She maybe did all he had to do was fucking lock in for six months. Yeah, yeah, I think I, my life's right, I wrote that. That's six to eight months in my life changed my life forever and I would never go back. Nah, I can never learn what I mean, I know it is over. That's the fact, man. So this is man. So how can people get in the touch of your two-man thing when you're in? So, this is, immediately go all, social media platforms, man. YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, so my birthday coming up. Where's your birthday? Some of my birthday is in three weeks. Oh, so, so I said this tomorrow. Come on. Yeah. Uh, some of my birthday in a few weeks. What I'm gonna do, I'm hosting the five day virtual mastermind. Small, some of the help people who do what I do. I'm helping you be at it. Learn how to clean and credit and start a credit and prepare business and a funding company. To start your own funding, start your own fund, how do you start scale a Grow it so that you can go out there and try to make 10, 20, 30, $1000 a month. And give you an idea of a business that you're going to start, like, make you way, one way faster than you probably making money now. Yeah. That's what I'm going on. So that's my next thing I'm putting out for people to get help with. And that's going to change. That might, must have been changing people live. They'd be getting there and learning that stuff and they'd be like, then, of a show, man. Yeah, that's dope, man. I also, man. I appreciate that. I'm, man. How do you possible, sir? Yeah. Fantastic. Michigan, check out my man, your high-litch off. Peace. Thank you.