Down the sofa, I'll be down the slide I've been real friend of Jim Start This is part of my design I've been self-made You know the bills paid up in this part of this up is crap You wanna rent one With under real thing I've read a red bit through a mine Yo, what up with that? It's a boy who ran the Carter I'm gonna do a day in a live video Saturday day So you're how we'd get in it out here in Miami, Florida Favorite thing about this condo is the views When I go live on Instagram or Facebook People will comment down on that screen screen Because I go live with this in a background That we like I'm in It's just my light Sometimes my light is so dope It's difficult to believe it's real But you may be from me sometimes I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white I'm in a world of white So first thing I do when I woke up Is I drink some water Mix with LMNT But electric light And the stuff called Keyton A This gives me a little bit of energy Then I had four shots of expressel That I mixed with Two-in- West Pro T-Shakes And now I'm about to go outside With some more than Cornelio Listen I got a private elevator And my spot So this is just an eye elevator Everybody else that is building got heels The elevator is out here But one thing I like to do every day Is wake up and go for a walk Outside I walk for about a mile On the ocean Just to give my my right Start the day off Like super positive I'm back down here We're like doing this once a month I'll wrap my shit I just take the money and just stack up Only by corn Cork cart So you get tatted up All the other bullies I so right now I have a meeting With my sales team And then a few other projects I got to take Hero So y'all gonna come with me to the podcast room Get that in Podcast room is super messy right now All right so now what's about to happen is I'm about to do my training call my students Who I help grow their own life in this business And what we start these calls off is I ask each one of them I am like y'all How much money you made this week? How many clients you got this week or how many clients you got this month? How much money you made this month? And it's It's definitely my favorite part of the week You know even if I'm in a bad mood I'm not feeling good When I hear these client wins And I hear this success there I have it It just makes me feel really good because I know it's like really changing their lives and allows it at family And I know it's like changing the client life so this is exciting How much did you say you made this week? So 8,100 this week 8,100 this week Nice man that's not bad at all For the month right now we had 28,100 So we got for 30 piek at least How much you have for the month right now again? 28,100 28,100 Come on let's give jazz around to the boss 32,000 32,000 in your first month in the program Yes, it's always eight come on man Let's go let's give wood around the floor. That's fantastic man I'm sitting so far right now Stay seen tossing So right now you had 16,200 for the month Yes, okay, and I'm just just so I'm clear how much did you make last week again just one more time I'm just gonna be all the last week. I made five thousand I'm done it's that bad at all. It's a good Leonardo or round of applause. Let's go One All right, so that's some of the client resolve. Can you show you the game that I gave them because you know the game is what a student This is not for everyone but my favorite part of this not only making money and changing lives, but it's also changing the lives of the clients Like one of the reasons I got into training people because you know, I first started working now It was to fight better. I wanted to get better and buy a lens and I got bigger And I noticed people didn't want to fight in the war, right? And I had more confidence And I noticed that translated it's like better grief as long as I had even good grades at school I had more cop into my ability to do everything. I became more outgoing less shy braver in general And then those same kids that would be little assholes before the white while I wanted to fight they asked me to help train them And then guess what unless I started training them they started changing their physique their personality So change they stopped being little fucking assholes and they started getting better grades They had they were doing better in school and I saw it it changed their lives And that's why I got into training so I know that by me helping my students get more clients It'd be very helping other people be those same kind of results and now what I got into this for helping people is Sprit in at a way bigger level because now I'm training the trainers who are going out to trade people It's just super rewarded in value I saw them all the way to get this speed at the home of a Craig Valentine's of Bet they want me to talk about Personal brand and monetize that a person brand Become well a well suited speak on that subject Me no via She's kind of witting you know like at her and Stop looking pervert and then we got the homey The quick got the homey aiden He's gonna be filming a lot of it. You know Jing Chido he's got over a billion followers on the Instagram He knows what he's talking about. Or right? He's built a business now trading online trainers How to build their businesses and so today he is gonna talk to us about how to monetize Contest you want to pay very close attention to this by the father shock collar of my army Mr. Randy Carter. Well good up We are Three How many of you guys worry about like giving away too much in your secrets? Anyone? Yeah, yeah, you know I'm worried about them and then I'm gonna do this shit You know people suck bro like most people are good at anything and Then I'm gonna do it and even if they did do it Like they're gonna come up with other problems. I you can if you're really good at what you do You probably can't teach it all of it in a one minute video Right, so sometimes I tell them I'll tell them everything But then I'm gonna do it especially if you know in fitness industry, right? You can Go on Chad G PT get a good workout plan or a good diet plan But who's gonna make you do it? All right, I still train some people. I just know some of advertised but and like don't ask me for because it's like a ridiculous amount But Chad G PT is not gonna call them he asshole Fuck you, is your macros yesterday? What happened? You know like I will I Did it said it is more you know You're saying like they still need the coach especially if you sell coaching is easy or if you sell it done for you But then that they're not gonna do it and even if they do it do it they're gonna run into problems That can only be solved with experience is everything All right, there's certain things about your industry if you're good If you're doing for a while that's More art than science and it'd be difficult to For someone to learn without experience and they're gonna realize quick that they should come to you So they're sure in that learning card so give it all the way it doesn't really matter Cuz they're not gonna do it Business Hey the else All right you guys been great. Thank you. Appreciate Yo I had to run upstairs Because I had to give mine scale because I'm going to punch My boy Jeremy Jeremy's just got to do world's voice It worked out really bad No Angry It ain't a life that involved our shop call and the upbringing pretty too long vivid duck I think the duck beats to the second side. You know, you know, stuff to, how ya? Be just stuff we've walked out a little that a match for the bit of the side, with chicken juice. And then this is always taking your match for the data. You're using the body of weight or food. At a Michelin restaurant. You're just came back from Ludge. I never had an $80 egg before that she was crazy. But now about the go live on Instagram and TikTok. Some will teensly, you got two phones that allow me to do that. Yeah, man, come fukling. Now I'm about to go do a podcast. I'm going to his crib. This is doing a name on Tanner. He's actually one of my competitors, right? But I use the term competitor loosely. Just because he got charged on me in the computer. He's at Cfield Me. Okay, to be now about time. Did you know how many times I hit? I was scrolling on your YouTube. And your first video is 11 years ago. How did you stay so consistent with that? Funny, man. I hit a YouTube page before that. So that wasn't even the first video. Oh, really? Yeah, it'd be like two years before. And then I shut down on even the why. Yeah, I got shut down. But how did you get one back up? Because I thought you'd get taken down. You can start doing it. Oh, really? Yeah. Did you speak to the audience a little bit about some of the jobs? You undertook to get your business off the ground. Because it to be frank. I think one of the reasons I respect you is you. I mean, bro, you had a pretty, I would say, like, from what I know. Pretty difficult, pretty rough. Like, you went through some difficult things. You definitely persevered. So I think it's good for people to see where you're at now. Multimillionaire. Jack does fuck. Looks like you're 30, but you're 42. Versus, like, when you were starting out. And you're going through some shit. So maybe, like, talk a little bit about just some of the jobs. And stuff you had to do because I know, but I know they may not know. Yeah. So in 2007, my father committed suicide. Like, shot himself in blues brazen. And, you know, I was right before the recession of a weight. And it's very difficult. I had a college degree. And I couldn't get a job because we had unemployment. So high, everybody was laying off. People were going out of business for it. Ford, molders, almost one of the business. A government that bailed out for it and gingian. So I was like, fuck, I got taken my family, my dad just fucking blues. He brings out the shit. You know, I got to take it my mom. I was like, I can outworked it. What I do got his time in the industry. All right. So I started waking up in, like, 4, 4, 30 AM. Right. And I would train people in the morning. And then shower at the gym boom. Then I would go to the protestor. And I was, uh, I was a security guard at the protestor. And so I was sometimes they had me the morning fifth avenue. That's why I like wearing a product because I remember my mom's being a sh... And then after that, I worked for my boys moving company. I had a friend along the middle of the company. And that was like five days a week. You know, and on the weekends, I would manage, I would train people in the morning. And then I would manage a restaurant in Queens. So these is like 12 or 14 hour days every day. This is like two years of this shit. All right. Straight up. And then I read a four hour work week. I sent fairs. And I was like, all right. If I started like a train people would go online. And this was like a novel concept back then. Yeah. There was no one doing it. I mean, there was no one to think. The only person I remember before I got into was you. And then there was maybe Greg O'Galger who kind of did. But he was, I was he was way after me. Yeah, I think he was still in high school at this time. Yeah. I took a eight, right. Because he's younger. So yeah, it was just me if you were like, Matt O'Bus. Matt O'Bus. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the old guys. The original Jim Shargas me. I think Mike Rashid was doing this shit. Ellie Holes. Ellie Holes. He's like one of them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was the first. He changed a little bit. He doesn't do all the same stuff. Ellie. Ellie. Ellie. He's on. But that's like my big bro. You know, that's my big bro. And he was actually like a mentor to me when I started doing this. I was trying to figure this out. And you know, I got to the point where I had some online clients. I figured I was figuring it out. I was able to quit. I was able to quit the moving job. Just kept training people and I kept my weekend job. And I was doing this for a long time. I had about to do another podcast. You know, I'm going to take risks regardless trying to get to the top. Yeah, no, no. But as long as it's calculated, you might. I tell people who scared to like take a risks, especially when it's money. Especially if they broke already, I'm like, I love you. You know, you master being broke. You good to be in bro. Yeah. So like worst cabin is you're going to be broken. Yeah, but you're good to be a bro. You like you comfortable here. And so like you should like take risks and give yourself a shot at least, man. Just 100% you fall too far from. Speaking of speaking of which, man, you from Chicago like me, man. Yeah, you throw you from the west side. Yeah. And I don't know much about west side. Try to stay away, you know, for like gang affiliation reasons. So like, oh, no, no. I know. I know. No, no. I was there. But what's I think it like motherfuckers might have chickens in your backyard or the some shit is really like that or what, like motherfuckers might be. I think like crucial conflict like the wrap group they was from there. They used to wear overalls of shit. But I went to West suburbs. So like passion burger not okay. Okay, okay. Oh, that was cool. It's way. Yeah. How old are you when you got over there? Oh, man. It's just young. Okay. And now. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got all of that. Now you did it. What made you move to Atlanta? So when I started learning the business stuff, I understood right away. When I when I grabbed it, I kind of knew what was about to happen. I'm like, I know my work ethic. I know my willingness to lock in. I know my willingness to put in the work. Excuse me. I've, this is about to take me to the next level. But when I get to the next level, I can't be in Chicago. I have a jury on the pitch. Yeah. And I cannot be in Chicago. I have a big target on my back. So I have to move. Yeah. But then a tragedy happened on my best friend while I live with. Thank you. Oh, so I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. On the pitch of Chicago. Yeah. So that was the biggest turning point for me to be like, it's definitely over. And I need to figure out where I'm from and doing for the girl. Yeah. And then like that moment, I had in my brain since that day that I wanted to get out of here. My mom here, my sister, my little brother here. My daughter's here right now. So now I got forgot this vision. Like I hide this as soon as my girlfriend somewhere else. I'd never been to a world in my life. Yeah. But it's about the, it's got to happen. I gotta have a, it's not like, I don't know. I only, when you hold me stuck in a kill man. Like a lot of guys I grew up with just dead. You know what I'm saying? It's just like you got it. Everybody living the hood. I, I had to man why though, like move man. You can really go, move somewhere and be poor somewhere else, right? You know, it's safe. It's not Chicago man. Like why I never understood where I'm up against statement. I did. I think I think it's just, they don't, they don't know better. It's like a bubble. Yeah. Of just seeing what they seen and knowing what they know. They don't know outside of this bubble. There's social media is this bubble because they friends with the same people as in. Uh, with they see everything with a group around. They mom, they parents and friends is all in this bubble. They don't see outside the bubble. So it's hard to try to even think about how they could get out of it. They never think they don't know about it. Don't know what's going on out there. They literally only know what's in this bubble. Some people never, out of Chicago never even went to the West side of Chicago. But it only good. Hey, like you've never been, I've never been in my life. I mean, 30 years old, bro. You've never been, I've never been to the West side. That's what you're doing. That's what I mean by there just is one bubble or range from 33 to 79. They never been outside of this one bubble night. Life in 185, 30 years old. So I think that they just haven't been exposed to how they can and which they can actually move. That they can actually do something besides being in this that they're in. Yeah, I literally think that some of them were like just roamed in to it. And it's just like, they can make it a lot of time. You know what I mean? I can, well, I got set the way to military school because I got it like some trouble on the sunrise. And, but once I saw, I was here. I was like some affirmative action typeship. So I was like the only black dude there. Like one of a few. Like me, it was my cousin. He got in trouble. And, and it was like, you know, I mean five black dudes there. And everybody else's like super rich. I've been there. There was like muffins from Mexico who was like, Maltime in his shit. Like, like, bridge Mexican families with send their kids there. And so I started seeing it. She had like a whole shit. This is different. Like one of the homies got him up. One of the homies got a fucking range over for his birthday. And you know, and how you to go on like, oh shit, this is different. Yeah, I'm saying so. I think I, I think it's exposure. I think it's exposure. It makes people think, okay, maybe I can do more. And I think you're right. They're saying that bubble. Yeah, bubble time. And I think you get the courage to fuck him. Well, delete. Me, once I got that exposure military school, I just never went back. I'm like, I went to college after I went to Howard. Okay. And as I like, I would really go back to Chicago. Like, my book, that's it. And then after college, I went, I moved to Atlanta for a year. Then I moved to New York. And I lived in New York for like 15 years. I said, you back to your ex, but good luck with that. This is big as it gets. Hey, let's see how you doing the pressure. Let's see how you doing the pressure. All right. So that was a day in the life man. Hope you found it. Interesting. Hope you learned some things. Got some out of it. It's so hit the like button. Subscribe and all that shit. But also, you know, I'm doing a free training. To show you how to grow your own life in this business. It's going to be free and I'm going to do it live. Click the link in the description for more information on it. I'm going to really just taking by the hand to show you how to get your first online clients. Even if you know I have a lot of experience, even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a big bottle. Or I'm sure that you can start for nothing. You can first clients. It's 100% free. I'm not sure how many spots we have left. But click that link in the description. We're just to for it. And, you know, if you click it in time, register in time. There will be a spot left for you tonight. Maybe I'll do it again some other time. Some other day. You know, but I want to miss out on this man. I'm going to do Q&A. All that shit. All that shit. Give a man a remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. Let's see how you doing to pressure. Let's see how you doing to pressure. I'm going to get live on forever.