I will not have athletes back squat in the middle. I mean, like 10 out of 10 athletes coming here, zero. Real, zero. I don't have ride rentals. I don't have my gots in the PGA tour. No backswaw. I will have a maybe front squat. Freaking side squat, the zurtra squat, golf squat or double belt squat. The first one. Yo, without a man big brain and card, and I am here with my man, Dom Saladino. It's a Liberty trainer, owner of the drive 495. It's a great facility. We're in the comfort gap today. You're allowed to slip up. We had a maybe workout today, man. Yo, I might have seen Don on the cover of a muscle fitness. Muscle fitness. He trains a Ryan Reynolds trainer for both that pull movies man. He's a great shape himself, man. Like just the major. Every time I workout with him, I learn a bunch of new stuff. If you're a trainer, send in your advice. There's another level. And a year, I continue one of the guys that I know who's like on that elite level. I'm a great trainer. Thank you. So can you tell them about the workout that we did today? Yeah, I think Brandon and I really see I know I have a lot of stuff which I need. I mean, both a grade that we've been doing full body workouts every day, every day. First of all, I said it on camera, make it the, you know, yeah, the people we were getting for it. Everyone's so used to torching a muscle group. And then having to allow a taste or recover and we're in believers that if you can hit something more frequently, you're practicing it more. You're getting better at it more. And we both had great results off of doing it. With lower volume, of course. Lower volume. The intensity's still good. Yeah. But, you know, we're always leaving a couple of reps in the tank. You never take anything to fill your as of this program. Yeah. And we really went back and forth. You don't let the warm up because you, you're the warm up. I just do jump rope. And make you dance dance, but this was a more dynamic warm up. Probably would I do a little bit differently. Yeah, I was fully like, I want my warmth to be, not your warm up purposeful in the sense of getting a heart rate up. Yeah. I'm trying to heal more birds with, you know, with one stone. OK. So what I'm doing is I'm mixing my mobility or areas that I'm trying to work on. So if I have a client coming in, they're going to work on a pull-up. They're pulling up, goes into their warm up. So today we worked on things like we worked on extension. We worked on rotation. We worked on hamstring, hinging. And we got the body warmed up with, you know, for mobility drills that took us what? Five minutes. No, it was quick. But I was like, I was very, very glad. I'm very glad. And it was also just, I never, do you stuff like that? Yeah. I was feeling it in a different kind of way. I'm going to go to these some stuff, period. So you maybe probably. Yeah. And I thank you. Thank you. Every time I work on it, I work out. I've been waiting. I haven't worked on it. But it's always, it's always hard. It's always hard. It's always hard. And let's be very clear that he humbles me and about a, you know, Ken, you can get different categories with he's. So, you know, I got to work on a lot of stuff. But that's what's great about us training together is we both recognize what we're good at. We want to learn what we're not good at all the others. Oh, it's learning. Oh, yeah. So after the warm up, we started with some. Yeah, yeah. We just ran 10 reps. Yeah, we did about three sets of 10 with a pretty comfortable work weight. And it comfortable. It wasn't like nothing. No, crazy. I'm trying to set PRs. You know, like, yeah, I didn't post. We felt good. And then after that, we went to a little push full. So we did a low inclined double press with a actually a ring. I'm burning. The ring and burn. Yeah. It's fun. I haven't done those in a while. That was your idea. Yeah. That's like a like, a like, rings or T.R.x. Yeah. jungle gym because kind of like with your, with your warm up. We worked on some muscles. Yeah. That you don't really work. It's a theory. I'll be just a soft one. The body fat. That's why gym is a still grip. They work. They don't think about it. They've been a certain way. And they're vocal. Yeah. That's always suppressing me about you. You know, your ability to do handstands or L6 to handstands. And you have to have an incredible amount of shoulder mobility. And you have for someone who built and he's got one of the best disease I've ever seen. But for someone with that type of physique to have that type of shoulder mobility in reach, I think, is like stellar. It's like, it's like, it's like, you, I got to do it in every day. So that's why, but you're not killing it. And not you're not destroying it. And that's what a lot of you guys don't want you to think about is that we come in here. We hit it. Look, I'm sweating. We hit it. But I've formed never bring it. No, no, no. So when I say, it's like, it's the form is clear. I go with it. But I feel like I can't do it with perfect form. Yeah. That's not quick. Like, I'm trying to steal more. Me, the body is going to be the body. But like, once the form starts to break, that's not quick. I want people to leave and I couldn't agree more. But I want people to leave the session. Feelin' good. Yeah. Not like the analytical land that for hours. Yeah. Yeah. That's the difference. And listen. A lot of body builders out there, you know, who are on a form of enhancing substances. They're bodies can handle that. Yeah. But as natural guys, you know, you've got to go in there and you've got to hit it a little bit smarter. And those have, like, when you've got their arms, like, he's got to be inserted or he's been going heavy instead. Like, you know, like, Virgr for going that heavy to the point where we can recap. Right now. Like, I'm on a, I'm, I, I, I, I, I, I PR this year on a couple of lifts. And I'm going to continue to do that. That's just something that's important. And the amount of that to do it. But as we're getting older, we're trying to get better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's like. You go related. 100% of them are, of course. After that, we did the double bell squat. That's what it got. That was a squat. That was a squat. Guys, if you have it, I mean, I see guys for 500 pounds squats. Take two kettle bells in the rack and squat and they're literally shaking. Yeah. So I only did one kettle bell because I wanted to work on my horn more. Yeah. Like it's something I'm practicing. They were going heavy to me. I want to practice it before I start kind of, you know, that's what I'm doing. But that's more. Yeah. That's why you want to know. That's what I'm doing. So, no lie, Dad. I mean, well, I'm going to do like a first one. Yeah. It's more of a front squat. First on like the very comfort can I give I show it? Yeah. Yeah. So, um, it's really so what Brandon was doing is we're, listen, I do these. Grabbing in the combo position, sitting in the hole and pressing back up. So right now, what are we doing? We're loading the anterior chain. The abs and core are having an incredible amount of stress on it. But because of my hand position and where the weight is loaded, I'm able to get into the hole a little bit deeper. I'm able to open my hip. So when I get a bar on my back, which I still do, because I'm getting my shoulders in this position extension, it's making it so much more difficult for me to get into the hole. So when I see people who are like, I can't squat on the bar on my back. I'm like, go here or go here. And then we double belt and we could squat from here down. Uh, when we start going heavy, I'm watching out there, start grabbing the double 40s, double 44s, or 200 pounds in front of you. Yeah, and that is hard. So it's a little like a front squat in there. Yeah, that one. So you don't really work here as posterior chain as much. You're just not working. Because you don't work. Okay. But again, because the bars on your back, your first move has to be a little more hip dominant. Okay. Now that it's in front, we have the ability to get a little bit more knee dominant. But you're still hitting the glute. Yeah. So hit the glute. Let's go. I would say it's probably target the little less on the glute than say the back. It's still good for athletes because of the mobility. I will not have athletes back squat in the middle. Really? I mean, like 10 out of 10 athletes coming here. Zero. Really? Zero. I don't have my gut in the P.J. tour. No back squat. I will have them any front squat. Break it, sign squat, search your squat, go up to squat, or double belt squat. And the ability you only do front squat now. I only do front squats. I've got four squats. So you feel like you're all in it? Yes. Especially if you play as like if you have no shoes, you need to place your feet on the ground. And then you kind of like push them a little bit. Yes. You're talking at the glute. That's actually, that's incredible. I haven't heard of many people. You're actually trying to think of your foot. We're looking like a club. Yeah. I got flat feet. So I got, I have really flat feet. So if you're looking at my feet, I know art. So it's very easy for my foot to kind of pronate and drop in. So I really have to try and work on creating that art. It's hard. I struggle with it. You say you bring the arch in the front squat. You have more of a more of your posterior chain. I mean, if you see, you kind of like, sort of like, you kind of like want to move your feet outwards. But I'll actually do that. She's trying to almost move this way without letting her feet slide. She's like, like that. You're talking about your feet. You can feel it. Like, even though you just stand here. Yeah. I never did try to work. I never put a lot of emphasis on my movement. I can feel it even just just standing. Like, just like not even doing the movement. God, you have to go light away. You're not going to do that kind of kind of trick. It has, like, with time, you can go heavier. But at first, you just want to focus on, like, the form and actually, like, learning how to, like, get the muscles to my connection and the, like, the, work. But then we went, uh, good job with that. Then we went into your own little hundreds of times. That's not a thing. I don't think that same thing. You do a little bit. I'll just go, the right now. I'm going to catch you. No, I'm going to, the point, like, I don't, I like drop it because the fast, which most of our was in the slow switch, most of our was like, said, that that pipe ate a type B. We're going heavy in a lower, lower rep range. But then it's almost like you did. Uh, 21, uh, Yeah. It's like, it's just, it's like, you're, whatever it is. Yeah. You're around that red band. Yeah. But you still get to heavy. So like, I really think that's the key to my arms. I'm, I'm not my main arm, it's loud. The one thing that you do really well is your connection to the muscle and your training. So when I see training, even chest at the top of every repetition, you're not a power of your, you know, you're really strong. God, that the top of every rep, you can see brand, you can literally see him moving the way from pointing to point B with this, not with this. Oh, yeah. Yes, you're literally sitting there. And every repetition, you just see the fibers and his upper chest is kind of like the lines are moving. And that's, that's, that's, kind of, some feedback that he's been in the game a while. And he knows how to contract that area. Well, thank you, man. I think that's, so a lot of guys do be like, some super, we'll make fun of me. This is a brand is not that strong, right? And a, let's not be looking away. Like, these guys do do and they're doing bench press. And they're like, moving their shoulders. Yeah, so, we're working on portion a lot of them with a check. Yeah, they look like, I don't even to say that, but like, you got to understand what your goal is. Yeah, you're a powerless third, and your goal is to move it from the other. Put all the spots to and move. You need to look a certain way. And he is strong. Trust me, he's really strong. Someone gets on the incline and pushes hundreds around for the set of 10. They're pretty strong, dude. So, like, there's like, I'm really concentrating on working, like, when I'm working chess, like, I don't want to move this thing. Right? Like, I want to move. I want to keep my shoulders back. Like, why do guys do this? Huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that, or even with roles on my, the opposite, I might want to get, I might come forward. You're intentionally kind of pro-tracked. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's hard. Yeah, right? And even with Bionic, it's almost like, I'm trying to think about, like, my elbow, it's, it's literally tinged here. Right? Right? This is the only part of my body. I'm trying to do this. I'm trying to try to do this sometimes. Sometimes when it gets full too heavy, I'll feel this kind of move a little bit, which is it. Right? It's never that, like, but I think that's the thing, like, when you talk about, like, if you want that separation, like, you've got to do that, like, you've got to separate that, my opinion, you know, in the Puffin injury. I told you, and then lastly, we finished with a carry. So I like to almost finish every, not every workout. I see maybe two workouts a week. I finished with some sort of a carry. Today we went with a rack carry, which, what's the big benefit of these people? Oh, my God, first of all, take a, take a look at, I've got it now in Gage. So when I'm holding the weight and one position, and I have to walk, I've got to engage, one half of the body to stabilize. My lats, my chest, my shoulders, my glutes, every, my course tight. And then by walking and moving dynamically now, one of my heart rate's elevating, so I'm burning fat, I'm drinking a sweat, and two, my body is getting pretty strong. You know, I'm saying, without, you know, without movement. So when I have people, even with injuries, I could train around those injuries by getting a minute, just a basic farmer carry, just by getting the whole weight, the weight, actually, what? One half of my body has to engage so much right now, so it doesn't give me the full of what I'm saying. Yeah, just hold on, it's like, you see, look at these. Like, this kind of shit, like, that's why I was doing a show. Like, that shit's like, right there, that's, like, I think that's like, I think that's like, I think like, guys, we want big traps in there doing this. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I can't tell you last time I did a show. I don't know, I mean, look at, like, you're up and back and you're trapped, like, it's from the carry to think. Or in the dead, it was the dead, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's squatting, or that stuff, but, you know, that was a fun session. I mean, that's not even an hour, I mean, I know, I was like, more than you made it 40 minutes. We got a good warm-up, so you do like this almost every day. Something like this, everybody. Yeah, you know, my two men, like, I mean, I might have moved many of the dynamic stuff as you can, but I'm going to start incorporating it, man. I should do some plan, metrics someday. Sometimes, you know, coming in and do that, and just warm up and going to the faculty jumping, skipping, and we'll do that to get the body. Yeah, and this, like, you're training like, you're pro athletes, well, I like the pro athletes, and seven, maybe doing the full body every day. I might go like an upper lower upper lower. Yeah, because I'm just trying to, I'm trying to do less. I'm actually, I'm trying to take a minimalistic approach with that. So I want their job is on the field. So when I start doing it here, starts taking away from what they're doing on the field, then I'm not doing my job. So I'm always having a leave, like, that's it? I'm like, yeah, that's it. Okay, okay, okay. You're getting a field in the field. You're different during the off-season, but I guess, you can take it up. Yeah, it is like you're training like Ryan Reynolds and those down. Yeah, Ryan Reynolds and those down. Yeah, Ryan Reynolds and those down. So it's going to change a little bit. I mean, you know, we will go from kidding body parts, maybe several times a week to upper lower splits to right now we're on cold bodies. So yeah, but right now, and he's wanting it. They do respond and we'll, I give all his body looks good. He's lean, he's getting his heart rate up. Today our session took us, with how many people start fighting out, 43 minutes. Oh wow. So it's like, that, you know, that's what I like it. Like it's like, it's less than an hour. And I just do it, I store my day off, everything, everything, stuff like, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're going to, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to find you a social media. Oh man, really appreciate that. Don Salad, you know, on Instagram and my club is tripled 95 and downtown Manhattan. Yeah, we're going to be in the video and we're going to be working out a lot now. Yeah, so that's what we're going to do. Awesome.