2025 is on track to be a year that can change your life. This is a year where you can start building a generation of well. We got Trump in office, stock market, crypto market, they definitely believe in Trump in his leadership and they've spoken. The shit he's about to do, he's deregulating everything. He's going to be a very business friendly environment. I don't think he's going to be a poor person, friendly environment. Because traditionally, that's not how the Republican party really works. But I'm not a poor person anymore, so I'm a ball. And I want you to ball too. And I'm sure you got to take advantage of what I think is about to be a bull market as a result of Trump winning this election. But I'm not the only one who thinks this. So before I show you how you can take advantage of this, I want you to hear from one of my buddies, the homey Ian, from Irina Leisure podcast. He does a shit every fucking Monday. He posted this on his Instagram. And it's a lot of the same shit I've been saying for a fucking ever. As a man, it's for you that you put 40% of your money into the market. You don't have option. You as an entrepreneur, the first four years and you're trying to figure it out, you are not going to outpace the S&P or Bitcoin or Nvidia or I bit or Tesla on this run or Eli Lilly or Blockie is not going to happen. It's not going to happen. You have to put your money into assets. They're going to make more money than you are and put the Mr. Betta entrepreneurs than you are for sure. That's the man that's quoted you put 40% of your money into the market now. I've been saying for Snow as I can remember. I invest 50% of my money, 50% of every dollar I make. I showed it to you when I talked about NBA account and I talked about the whole system. But now there's other people saying it. He's saying that as an entrepreneur, it doesn't matter how much money you make, especially if you just started, you're not going to do better than the best companies in the world in this market environment because shit is about the skyrocket. You need to be investing as much money as you can in cities markets. But most of y'all poor boys and you ain't got enough money to invest 40% of your money in the market. That's too broke. We got to make more money become more successful. So in this video, I'm going to break down the habits you need to build. But to just make this year the best year of your life. This is going to be a life changing year for you. But you have to change as a person. You have to build certain habits. Here's what I want you to imagine. Let's say you died today. And then you meet God. You like, yeah, what up God? And he's like, yeah, what up? And he's like damn God. What? What? That you love me. You was like, what? That's what I heard. Like, why don't you show me love? He's like, man, because this is what you were supposed to do. And he showed you a version of yourself who didn't waste time. Who didn't bullshit his time away on fucking Instagram, TikTok, porn, hub, oh, whatever the fuck y'all be doing. Who wasn't lazy who didn't skip workouts. Who worked diligently to give an English of all the opportunity that we're put in front of him. Made the most out of every day out of every minute of every day. To become the best version of himself he could be. And he showed you this motherfucking. He showed you what kind of income this person produced. He showed you what kind of financial future this person built for his offspring. How he set up generational wealth. And then he looked at you, he was like, motherfucker, but you did this. I believe that that might happen. I believe that's what hell is like. And I don't want you living that hell. I want you to actually become that person. You can become that person. But you have to build these habits. Or to make that a reality. First thing we need to do is time management is super important. Because what is life is time. You're going to be born and then you die. And in between that is what is what we call life. But it's really just time. Right? You have a certain amount of time here. And how you spend it would determine what kind of outcomes you have. You know, some people say dumb shit like, oh, you can't take money with you. You can't take it with you. No, it's not about what you take when you fucking die. It's about what you leave. What do you leave by? What kind of impact did you leave on the people you love? What kind of impact did you leave on the world? What's not about what you take is about what you leave. And you only got a certain amount of time to fucking do it. Bruce Lee said, if you love life, don't waste time. Because time with life is made of. So we have to manage our time. And because this is our number one weapon in our arsenal. And the war against poverty. Time is our number one asset. And we have to manage. First thing you need to start doing is using Google Calendar. I have a whole video on this. This video is not sponsored by Google. I'll take the money, you know. I'm saying if you were fucking nerds are watching, I'll take the money. We're going to do in Google Calendar. This is going to plan every hour of every day. Plan every hour, every day. Let me show you something. Here is what my calendar looks like. This is the month view of it. Every hour of every day is planned out. My days are choreographed. I know exactly what I'm doing. And some people may say, man, that's too rigid. That's too rigid. You're shut the fuck up. It's rigid because my goals are super ambitious. If you have low level goals, like if you just want to live another year or something like that, that's the magnitude of your ambition, then yeah, you can fucking freestyle every day and just do what you want to do, right? But if you're trying to accomplish big shit, if you want to set up a legacy that you leave behind, if you want to do anything really noteworthy, then you're going to have to do things that most people aren't willing to do. So what that looks like for me every week, there are 106-8 hours. In every week, everybody can save me my hours. If you sleep 8 hours a night, but you should, right? That's 56 hours. So that's going to leave us with 112 hours. Now, I recommend that you work 80 hours a week. And this leaves you with 32 hours left. So do whatever you want. This is how we're going to get ahead. This is what I started doing after my father blew his goddamn brains out. In 2007. At a whole family's shit, right? All right, cool. Fuck. Make matters worse, then the recession of 08 hits. Almost all life insurance has a suicide clause. Right? Otherwise, my father would just be buying that shit and blowing their brains out all the time, right? So that you can't get money if you commit suicide, right? So he didn't leave us any money. He left us a bunch of fucking bills and problems. My mom had a fucking taxes that he owe back taxes, IRS called another time. It's all fucked up. I'm like, all right. So what do we do, right? All right. I guess we got to figure it out. Then the recession hits, right? Lehman Brothers, Stock Market Crash, the global economy starts the collapse. And I had a college degree, but I couldn't get a job. I couldn't get a good job at the time because everybody was laying people off. We had record levels of unemployment. Like when I hear people talk complain about the economy. Now I think, you know what because of the soft. You don't know what it's like. I know what it's like when it's bad. When it's bad, it's bad. Right? General Motors almost went out of business. The fucking banks. If United States of America, almost went out of business. The government had to build all this shit out. Imagine what would happen to the banks go out of business. We were on the, on the brink of collapse. So what I do, man, well, I'm not a bitch, right? I've like, we got to figure it out. So I started working 80 hours a week and you may be thinking, how do you do that? Well, that's when I started fucking planning out every hour of every day. Planning out every hour every day in Google, I have a whole video on how you can do this, right? But what I noticed was that, man, I was wasting a lot of time, right? So I just got a bunch of different jobs. Train people in the morning, shower at the gym. Then I went and worked at the protestor. For another eight hours, right? I was security security guard at the protestor. I wasn't good at the job, right? I didn't guard anything, work keep anyone secure. In fact, a lot of shit was stolen and then my watch. And I didn't try to sell them. I was like, yeah, now he got his guy. I remember what's out, open the fucking door. But it's lady and she had just told, it was like, oh, why, lady, I didn't think she was a thief, right? You know what I'm saying? She said, thank you. I said, hey, thanks for coming in. And she walked out with a $5,000 per second. And then when it's security guards, the security manager, he saw the shit on the fucking cameras. And he runs out. She just walked out with the person, like, this guy, she got it. So we got to do better as a team. We got to do better. I did that five days a week. And then on the weekends, I trained people in the morning. And I was the manager, the weekend manager of a restaurant in Queens, a story of Queens. I did that for two fucking years. But guess what? I wasn't broken. I was not. The second worst economic collapse in American history. Almost as bad as depression. I mean, not that bad. But it was number two. During that time, I made over $100,000. Just working just outwork in poverty. And you could all do that. Especially now. Now she's crazy. So work 80 hours a week. This is going to be harder if you have a bunch of kids. I didn't tell you to have all them kids. All right, I didn't not tell you to have all them fucking kids. I told you not to. I didn't mean, like, hey, man, wait to you if I naturally secure to start giving birth to humans. You just think it with the wrong head, man. All right. So like, you might never be able to work 80 hours a week. But work took a pass at it. Now you still got to spend time with your kids. You still got to spend time with your family. That's what these are the hours as for, man. I know I got to eat what about eating, shower, and fucking blah blah blah blah blah. Well, you know what else likes to eat? You can't even do my fucking stuff. You know what? Clean with them motherfuckers. Go run your errands with these motherfuckers. Hey, kids. Gather around. We're going to the grocery store. All right. You know, make it into an adventure. My son loves going to Target. Is dope. That's when you see it. When you got to do all the other shit. Do that shit in the 32 hours. Do a witch of family. If you ain't got kids, you should. What do you tell them? I spend time with your mommy. Because remember, we have to invest in said 40%. I've been saying 50% to average American works. They're really nine hours. Like 38, 39 hours. Not even 40, right? Oh, we. I'm telling you to double that. If you double that, hey, you already double your income. And the reason we need to do that is because we need to invest that in the market. If you do it right, you can set up like real wealth, man. Right. You can set up real wealth. All right. So it's time management. And then just because you plan the time doesn't mean you're fucking doing it. Once we start managing the time, this is going to allow us to invest 50%. And listen, if you want, you could just pick it index fund. S&P 500, QQQ, some like that. If you're more sophisticated, you can pick individual stocks. But this is about to go fucking nuts. Work 80 hours a week. And that invests half your money, right? But we also do not raise living expenses. Now, yo, I don't want to see none of you. My focus buying lambos is shit. These next two three years, man. Even if you got lambom money, you need to be put that. That needs to be motherfucking investment money. Because we want our investments to pay for our expenses. So if you read Rich Dad Poor Dad, he's so bad. He had two dads. They weren't like in a homosexual relationship. It was like one of them just wasn't his real dad. One of them was like his homies dad. Who was like a dad to him. It wasn't like he had two dads who was like married on some gay shit. You know what I'm saying? And it's okay if he was though. We love all people, man. Who you have sex with none of my business, right? He had his po-dad. This is po-dad. This is po-daddy. And po-daddy, he worked for money. That's why we all worked. He worked for money. Then he spent his money on all types of shit. Yeah, I'm saying life shit, regular shit. You know, does he spend his money on shit? That's what most people do. But Rich Dad, Rich Daddy. That's what my girlfriend calls him. But Rich Dad. Work for money. All right, they all, they all the same kind of time right now. They both worked for money. But Rich Dad spent his money on assets. Use the assets to buy him shit, right? But see, the assets will keep buying you shit over and over again. For example, this watch is one of my cheap watch. This is the AP Royal Oak Offshore, a Lini Cup edition in Titanium. Right, they only made like a thousand of these. I'm going to go try and get you one. It's not difficult to find. Right, but they made a thousand of these, right? Now, I use assets to buy this. But I still have the assets. So the assets bought my next watch too. You're going to say, but if you work and you spend money on shit, then the money is gone. It's gone forever. And you've got to work again to get more shit. But I spend my money on the assets. The assets bought the shit. But the assets keep producing shit. It's like, this is like farming. This is how the first baller was created. The first mother fucker to really ball. This back in like the hunter gatherer days. My fuck is found some seeds in shit or they got some seeds. And most of these motherfuckers like, y'all man, oh, we got some seeds. That's ETC's when they just eat the seeds. Now they got to look for more seeds when they hungry, more food. A first baller, he saw the seeds like no white doll instead of ETC's. I'm going to put these motherfuckers in the dirt. The other cave motherfuckers was like, y'all, man, you're putting the food in the dirt. What's the matter with you? Use both the eat that shit. Put in dirt. He's like, nah. Nah. Y'all don't get it. If I put the seeds in the dirt, they go and grow crops. Off these crops. I'll be able to feed my family for generations. The bro cave man was like, dumbass. Put in the food in the dirt. But rich cave man was like, y'all, nah, I got these seeds. Instead of eating them now, I'mma delay gratification. Put the seeds in the ground. And he kept getting more seeds, boom, putting them in the ground. Next, you know, this motherfucker had a whole plantation. He had a whole crop of seeds that grew into a fucking plant. And now he eat off the plants. Now he don't have to be a no man. No more. The poke cave man's, they was on some no man, yellow shit. Go around the earth, looking for food and shit. But he was able to actually settle down. The first rich cave man. He was able to just settle down, build a family, a stable family. They didn't have to travel, scoward our earth for seeds. Because the seeds was working for him. He put in the work planet the seeds. Now the seeds is working. Now the seeds was the niggas who started civilization. If these motherfuckers didn't do this shit, we'd all be fucking going around the earth, looking for seeds right now. But the rich cave man had the mental fortitude to the late gratification. Plant the seeds, start a civilization. Nice building the family there. The young saying starting governments, creating currency. Next you know, go watch my YouTube videos. Now you need to stop being a motherfuckin' don't man. You still work for the seeds. But start planning them motherfuckers in the ground. Start planning them motherfuckers so they growin'. You do that by buying assets. But yo, rich daddy wasn't a lazy motherfuckin'. He kept working. What do you do? He bought more assets. He kept doing that shit, kept repeating the process. Next you know, the assets is buying more shit. More shit. This motherfuckers rich. Hold dead, die, po. That's gonna be you if you don't listen to my voice man. Because that's how you get rich. You make more money than you spin and you invest the difference. Over low enough period time, you'll get money. You invest it in assets. I'm telling you now's the time. Put that money into the market. And the next thing we need to do is, like honestly, we got a build discipline. This is very important. And the reason I say that is because you can come up with all this plans, you can say you're gonna do all this shit. You still got to do it. Like you motherfuckers said, goals this here, you're gonna get in a complex. You made fucking goals and plans. This you didn't look out to the job because you didn't have the discipline. I wasn't really born with any real advantages, except for being tall in hands. But other than that, I didn't have the real advantages. I was born to South Side Chicago, motherfuckin' black ghetto. Right, we're little dirty and nimblest king vignanimums from, like I can walk over there from where I grew up. And my father blew his brains out when I was in my early twenties. And the only reason I'm here is because discipline, a lot of people say, look, look, I hear all this shit about luck. If I would have had these lucky opportunities, so lucky my dad blew his brains out. But if anybody looked at it, I did experience, if I wasn't discipline, I wouldn't have been able to take advantage of me. Everybody had the same opportunities as me. Everyone saw YouTube, everyone saw online training. In fact, I was trying to put other motherfuckers on. And some of them tried, but they didn't have the discipline to stick to it. You got to build discipline. And I really think one part of building discipline is your two impatient. It's not that you're not strong enough to do it. Some of you just aren't strong enough. You don't have enough discipline. I would dress you motherfuckers in a minute. But a lot of you guys are too impatient. You try something for a minute or a day or once or twice. And you give up when you don't see it results immediately. So you have to have patience. But it's weird because it's patience, but also urgency. Because the game plan I'm laying out for you guys is not a get rich quick scheme. I haven't found a get rich scheme and believe me, I look. Even if you do find a get rich quick scheme, like I know some motherfuckers boss some weird coin or some of fuckers who boss him in if tees and may millions, where are they now? Well, I didn't know because if you fuck around and get successful on accident because you got lucky, but you don't have discipline. You're not going to be able to maintain that success. Right. Let's say you got to slug his meat. Let's say you ended up being a fucking six foot two, Martin millionaire living in downtown Miami. Would you be trying to get to sleep at 9.30 10.30 every night? No. You motherfuckers have like 35 baby mom is right now. You'd be all fucked up because you didn't have the discipline. You would lose it. You would indulge in the fruits of your labor to the point where you would lose it. This is why a lot of athletes, they can build the financial discipline. They're disciplined enough to work out and run. Right, but then not discipline, then not financially. This is when this white average motherfucker in NFL is literally broke. Five years after they retire, Tom Brady, he's going to be fine. Right, but I'm talking about the average guy. And Tom Brady's improving the average is probably way less than five years if you don't count Tom Brady and Ray Lewis and him up fuckers right, the fucking stars. We had to build discipline. And part of it is the patience. No one that it won't happen overnight. But we also had to have urgency. You had to think long term and short term. You want to think about your goals long term and be patient about your goals at urgent about today. And you're talking about a child, let's say a child who's in your family. You might not see this month, but once maybe twice a year, a family reunion, funeral or wedding, some shit like that, right? You see the kid. And if you only see him a few times a year, every time you see him, he's going to look like he's grown a lot. But the him, he might not notice. His parents might not even notice how big he got because his gradual is just a little bit every day. In fact, the amount he's grown from day to day is almost indistinguishable. The way nature works, nature does, as much as it can every day, provided the kid has nourishment and all the. So nature's working at capacity each day, even though it's just a little bit. But a year, six months a year of that, it really adds up. But nature's working at capacity. You're not working at capacity at your goals every day. But if you did, if you worked at capacity every day as much as you could every day, the amount of money you made from day to day would probably won't be a big deal. The amount of progress you make in your goal from day to day, it'd probably be negligible, which is like fuck, I worked my ass off today. And those days stack up. And just like the child, as somebody sees you a year from now, you know, two years from now, if you've been working at capacity every day, it would be like fuck, you really came up. You had to be urgent about going hard each day, but patient about the results. Urgent what you're work ethic and patient what you results. And if you had that in your mind, it would be easier for you to stick to it and be disciplined. Because if this is progress, right? And this is time, we think that progress would be linear, right? Because it's kind of, we kind of been trying to think that way, right? If you work an hour today, you get paid or an hour work in his linear, but success is not like that. We think it's going to be like this, right? Line here. The amount of progress we're going to make it be in proportion to the time. But that's not how success works. In fact, it's exponential, right? So it looks like nothing's happening for a long time. And then something happens and then things start to take off. The problem is, most of you might focus, you can't stay disciplined, it's because you quit when you're in this zone. This is the quit zone in here. This is where people quit. But had they kept going, they would have gotten more success than they intended, which happens up here. Like we talked about planning seats. Got the dirt plan to seat and this dirt, as a seat, not over giant. All right, get your mud out of the gutter. It's like if you plan to seat in the dirt, you won't see any fucking fruit for a long time. In fact, you won't see nothing for a long time. At first, first that seat has to germinate. This is a seat germinating. It's growing roots, right? This is happening on the ground. Gilbert, Jess, look at this shit and be like, oh man, I've been fucking water in this seat for a long and I'll see nothing. I'm a quit. That's how you guys give it all your goals. I don't see nothing happening. And I'm a quit. That's what happens here. What happened would really happen in reality. This crosses bitch out the way. And what really happens in reality is the seat at some point is going to sprout. Boom. And then it's going to start growing little leaves. It's shit. Then it's going to grow some more. Boom. You're going to have more leaves. And then guess what? So it's going to grow a tree. And then at some point, it's going to start bearing fruit. But once it starts bearing fruit, it's going to bear fruit every fucking season all the time, right? exponential growth. That's when you're at your finaly at this phase here. And it's going to give you fruit all the time no matter what. But you have to get through this part when it was just germinating. Doing nothing apparently. But it was happening underground. That's how your goals are. Your working at your goals and you looks like nothing is happening. But at some point, it starts to sprout and it starts to explode. But you have to work at it every day. This happens naturally in nature. It just grows every day. You couldn't stop it. It's in the DNA. With your goals, you can stop. You can control how much work you put in every day. And that's why you give up. You've got to have a mixture of discipline and urgency. In order to do that, we have to make sure we are consistent. We have to be consistent. And the best way to make sure you're consistent is tracking. What are the things that need to happen every day? So come to your goal. Let's say you have a fitness goal. All right. You've got to hit your macros every day. You've got to hit your calories every day. You've got to get enough water every day. You've got to hit enough sleep every day. You've got to train every day or every day. You're training. You need to actually start tracking how consistent you are doing this. I swear to God, every person I've trained over the last 25 years in being a trainer. If they never tracked their calories before, soon as they start tracking, they're like, fuck, I didn't realize I was eating this much. If they were trying to lose weight. Or if they were trying to gain weight, I didn't realize that I wasn't eating enough. You know, I'm a hard gainer. I know motherfucker, how much you eat every day? I don't know. Let's start tracking. Oh, fuck, you're not eating a dummy, of course. But it's like that. Not only would fitness goals with all goals. When I ask people when they're trying to accomplish a business goal or a financial goal, I'm like, how much are you working at this goal a day? Man, I work hard every day, right? How many hours a week? And when we really look at this like fuck man, you're not even putting in 20 hours a week. And that's why I put together a free habit tracker for you. All right, we have a link in notion. It's two parts. There's a goal planner. We're getting like plan out your goals. But you can also plan out your habits every day to make sure you're on point. And you can actually see each day. If you're a college, you go, I'm going to show you what mine looks like. I can't show you my current one because it's just secret shit in here. And this is one for January, so I had the days. You'll see it, too. My thing I need to wake up before five every day. How often did I, how often, how consistent am I? This level is a consistency. I did that about 80% of the time. That that my other, right? So it's some room from proving, right? How much sleep I got. I didn't get enough sleep that much, right? So I had the date. How much did I work out? Boom. How can I give you guys ads or the stuff up for you to rate? Does the average is and I show you how to set up your own habits. Other things you want to track, right? How many times a workout, 80% of the time that was my goal, meditate, hmm, supposed to be 100, the PM meditation, supposed to be more than that, right? It's not bad, but it's not great. It's not 100. Track my macros though, right? Guess what? I did that 100% of the time. That's why I looked like this age 40. How much protein I got on average? So then I have how many calories I consumed each day on average, that was my calorie consumption. It calories I burnt, right? Boom. Then I have it so it adds up and this will be on your sheet too. All right, if you download it, I was cutting this month. So I can see I was in a nice deficit. Boom, how much water I drink. Just back in time, we were using mitten.com. Now we use monarch. The track, how many days we did I track my macros? I could have did more. Practice guitar, how many, you know, it's not a major goal in my right. So, but I practice 365 minutes, right? Practice Spanish, hmm, could have practiced more. Your Ablar in Pukito, Espanyo, L.F.A.A. They have CCo, how do mundo? So I speak a little Spanish, you know. That's a little Spanish, man. You know, you're filming, man. You have to say they call me keto, swivey, and die, you can be washing their heads, you know? All right, anyway, study, I got to study every day. So these is in minutes, you know, boom. hours, I worked each day, boom. I saw you had a track all the way to say this, so it's all free. You can hit the link in the description down. Look, let's make this year the best years of our life. I really believe this is a year. We had a certain window where we can really maximize our income potential with the stock market and with this new administration. If you don't take advantage of it, man, you're really gonna be like, fuck, I missed out. If you missed out on the last bullet run, during C19, don't miss out on this one. All right, let's go. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh, Shh. Shh. Shh. Ugh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. What? Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. No. Shh. Shh. Shh. No. Shh. What's up? No, shut up. OK.