In this video, I want to break down the five Bible verses that helped make me a millionaire. And you may be thinking, how can a Bible verse make you a millionaire? What is it in the Bible that will help you build wealth? You know, I thought money was the root of all evil, and it was harder for rich men to enter heaven than it was for a camel to walk through a needle, no, it was different than that. I'm going to break down a few verses that impacted me a lot, and how I've used the lessons from these verses to get to the money. I wanted only people I've ever met who have read the whole Bible from start to finish. I grew up in the black church in Chicago on the south side. And when I was like 16, I was in military school, I sent away. We didn't have the internet wasn't out back then, because I'm old, and I was like, all right, man, what these are the rules that I'm supposed to live by. And maybe I have to read the whole book and I said down the reddit. And here's some of my favorite parts as a paternity kitten this month. If I get into the verses that helped make me a millionaire, I got down a million here. There's a few things that need to address. For one, when you bring up prosperity and religion, people always want to bring up a few verses. They want to say, oh man, the Bible says, money is the root of all evil. That's one of them. Well, the Bible does not say that. In fact, open up your Bible's a verse to Timothy 16, the word says, for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. Some people eager for money have wandered from the faith and placed themselves with many grieves. The Lord wasn't saying that money was evil or the root of evil. He said, is the love of money. He said, some people are so eager for the money that they will do some real shady vow things for it. So we're not talking about money within itself, money is neutral. But if you will and do something, some crazy for money, you know what talking about like chicks on OF, doing some strange for some change, and then right is about that young lady, have some respect for yourself. Right? That's evil. You want to talk some on camera for some money, ain't there, right? It's about that baby girl. You need Jesus, right? It speaks to people doing wicked things for the money. The other verse that they're bringing up, I'm going to get some the verse that help you make money. But we got to get through this verse. Matthew 1916, the support where Jesus said, it's hard for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of heaven. And I'd say you it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of the needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God. People always recite that verse and they say, oh, I guess rich people go in the hell. That's not the case. There's many rich righteous people in the Bible. If you go to Job 1, 3, Jesus describes Job, he said, Job was one of the richest many history. The richest to ever lived. He was considered righteous by God, even though he's the richest man ever lived. So rich people obviously can enter the kingdom of heaven. O Genesis 132 it says Abraham, a man of faith, God blessed him with much wealth. Right? So if being a rich was fucking evil, God wouldn't go around blessing the kids wouldn't reward the kids with money. If it was evil, right? We need to go back to that passage. Why did Jesus say that? Well, Jesus was talking to this rich dude, right? And the do-do ran up on the yellow Jesus. I want to be down with you man. How I do it? What I got to do? I got to be down with you. Jesus like, you know what I mean? So I get stuff, get the money to the poor, and then come ride with me into the disciples. He was trying to recruit him into his game. But he would have been the 13th disciple. But he was like, oh yeah, about that given up the money thing, Jesus. I don't know why I'm being able to do that player. And then Jesus said, I see it's hard for the rich man to enter the kingdom and have a few of the same. Jesus gave this man directions. So order. And he was like, uh yeah, now I'm gonna keep my money instead. This man went against Jesus to keep his money. So of course he can't go in there and they're having a break. You gotta have the full context of the story. You can't just be quote in that shit like you read the whole Bible because you didn't, right? Now that we got that out the way, let's go to my favorite verses. The ones that helped make me a millionaire. Open up your Bibles to Matthew 1720. So it is a story. Jesus was kicking it with the disciples and this man came up to him. He was like, check me out. Listen, look at Jesus. My son, man, he'd be out here tweaking. He's having seizures all the time. He is really tweaking. His mother's don't know what to do. She's crying all the time. He spares now on a consistent basis. Can you help this brother? No, my son. With these seizures and the man went on to tell Jesus, I went to the disciples. They tried to help. They couldn't do anything. I think Jesus, I know you can't. Jesus, he looked at everybody. He's like, Jesus said, you unbelieving and perverse generation. How long shall I stay with you? Right? Jesus was kind of fed up and you're gonna find out why. Jesus ran up today. Young shaky man and said, you heal. All right. And then doing, he was shaking you like, oh shit. How good now Jesus? Thank you. I feel good, man. I got the shakes. No more. I got the shivers. This I was like, yo, Jesus. You know, we tried to heal the shaking of fucking for man long. How come we can do it and you could? And he said, because you have so little faith. Truly, I tell you, if you had to faith, as far as a muster seed, you'd be able to move metal. And nothing would be impossible to you. What's the lesson? You got to believe, man. You got to believe you can actually accomplish this go. Whatever goal you're trying to accomplish, I believe I can get to this mother fucking bag. I believe I can get this money. I believe I can have fucking Richard Mills, Cartier Braceless, pinhouse in Miami, big boy girlfriend. I believe it. But when you believe you act differently, when you're timid and you don't believe, you know, I act with the same gunshot. You don't have the same metal for the two. You definitely won't have the person of variance. That's a serity of cops you're going. Because if you don't believe, how do you stay persistent in the face of obstacles? If you don't believe, how do you keep going with things to get tough? You might not even try if you don't believe. However, if you do believe, Jesus said, what? Nothing can be impossible to you. If you call yourself a question, and you don't go after your goals, then you didn't even, you don't believe that you're going to do it. Or you don't believe with Jesus saying, I believe both. So I went after it. So when I started my first business, you know, it was difficult time. My father had just committed suicide. It was during a recession or 08 working on employment. The fucking banks were about to go on business. The government had to bail out the car industry. She was going, hey, why are you? And I started my fucking first business during that. And all I had was faith, man. I wasn't even that great of a shape. Back then. Right? And I'm going to say, I'm a bee and online trainer. And mind, nobody was doing this shit back then. I was in the class. The first class people did online training. This man, Jesus said, if you had to faith them, you must have seen you can move mountains. And nothing would be impossible to you. And I believe that. And here I am. Yeah, I think that's how I made my first million in this online trainer. And I had to invent it. Like everybody was doing it back then, we had to invent it. Because there was no training, there's no books, no resources. Or how to do online training. Because there was no news, a novel idea. But you don't have to invent it. If you want to learn more about it, I got a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training. So exactly how you can start your online fitness business. And you're in a better position than I was. Because the economy is actually doing great. Shows in. But we had the lowest unemployment in 50 years. You know, it was all opposite when I started. Right? Take a man with someone like trains free ebook. Show you how to do it. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you need to certified. The next Bob verse, the help me become a multi-millionaire. Matthew 1422. So in this store, the disciples they were in a boat. And I guess it was a huge storm. She was getting real shaking in the water. Things were going away. Why? They need to look off into the distance with a seat man. They saw Jesus walking on the water. This brother was strutting. I don't know. They didn't describe how it was in my brain when I imagined it. Yeah. Walking on the water, the disciples they first saw in this thought it was a ghost. And he cried out in fear. But Jesus said, take courage. Don't be afraid. And then briefly Peter saw Jesus. He was inspired. He started to believe in himself more. Peter started walking on the water. He jumped out the boat. I want you to understand the significance of this. Jesus of course, man. He, you know, he was a Mackerel and Lee conceived. Son of God or God. Depending on you look at him. And I'm just in and I already know what one of this right. Both. Son of God. And I would ever. Peter started walking on the water. He's the regular guy. Like, me knew. But then you realized, oh, shit. I'm walking on the water. And then he started to sing. He said, Jesus helped me. Jesus helped me. Jesus picked him up man. Jesus reaches hand out, call them. And he said, you have little faith. Why did you doubt right? That's all Jesus taught me to believe. Believe, believe, believe, believe. The point of this was when Peter a regular fucking dude saw a big home. He doing some miraculous Peter started to believe in himself. And he felt like he can do it too. Right. And I think that's the power of mentors. Not only can mentors, shorting your learning curve, help you accomplish your goals faster, but they can help you believe in yourself more. Someone's doing things that you want to do. And you're under their wing, you're going to have more confidence in who yourself, right? Being with those mentors. And then I remember when I first started my own life in this business, my first real mentor was the homey Elliott holes. Now here's the thing, you could learn a lot from podcasts and books. I read a lot of books. I read a lot of books, right? But it's some different about having a mentor because this dude was someone I saw them were different when you see it in real life. And I was around Elliott and I was asking them for advice. And Elliott gave me so much gain. After I met Elliott and you know, he started to mentor me some, my business took off. Through Elliott, I met one of his business partners that do they met Glenn. And I paid Matt like $1400 a month at the Metswormy. That year I was paying them every month. I made a million dollars. And it wasn't just the game. It was also a belief, right? Because Matt was a gene. Don't go looking for Matt. Because he don't do that kind of work. He's no more this long time ago. His business called Biooptimizers. And he told me they did $50 million a revenue last year, right? So he's not meant to want them up because the $1200 is no more, right? You know, it wasn't just the game. He gave me a lot of game. He's obviously a smart dude, right? He was telling me what to do. I had more faith in that than me trying to figure out myself. You know what I mean? Like Jesus told Peter, man, come on, I heard his water man ride. I would be. And Peter went and did he walked no water for a minute until he got scared to point out, right? You know, Jesus like, come on, man, what you doing? Right? That would be like about Matt gave me some advice. It was like, oh, how can I not? This dude is already been to the mountains. I mean, no, he can see things that I can't see. And he can see things in me that I can't see. You know what I mean? That's the power of mentors. It's not just the game. It's also being around people. You've ever been around somebody and you just felt more confident you feel like you're going to accomplish more. You could do more. That's the biggest part of mentorship. That's why Peter was able to walk on water, right? Because he's seen the big homey doer and he believed. The next Boba First to help me make a lot of money. It's crazy assteats 10 19 and it reads a feast is made for laughter. Why is made for Mary and money solves all things? You know, the reason that's important because you know, a lot of religious folks were used those verses I talked about earlier to demonize wells. Talk about like this bed, but it says right here in the Bible, the good book, the word of the Lord, that money solves all things is right there. You can't talk about what is the root of all evil and expect to get it because that's it didn't even say that in the Bible. Right? You got to appreciate to give the glory to God. You'll be grateful for it. If I see a penny on the screen, I'll pick it up with my Richard Millaw. I'll pick the penny up off the floor and I'll be like, I have gratitude with it because you can't ex-guide or whoever you believe in the universe or whatever for more money and be like, oh, not that money. That's not enough or not be grateful for what you get. Imagine you come home and you give like a net your toy man for Christmas and he's like, this is. All right, bro. Even if I'm saying, how many more toys you're going to give him? If you don't show gratitude for it, even if it wasn't bullshit, would you be excited to give him some more? Now imagine you give the kid a toy or I got his little Iron Man toy. My son gave me this because he knows I like Iron Man. He you give you give you the kid a toy and maybe he did some bullshit. It saw you could afford, but he kid he's super excited about. He started running that house doing back those, I got an Iron Man. My block. It's like I did my Iron Man. Right? You'd be excited to get that kid another toy. You're saying next next birthday, next event. Right? Why you think I feel man? You see, if that penny's on the floor, you better pick that up and pray is the low that you got it. You're saying, because then he's going to be excited about giving you some more, man. You got to show gratitude. You got to have the attitude of gratitude, but a lot of times people would demonize money, like it's not important. But the Lord said money saw all things. Right? So to be grateful for what you got, be grateful for everything you get. Even if it's not what exactly what you want, be grateful for it and expect more. Believe you're going to get more. Right? But you've got to work for it. Which brings me to Prodverbs 10th of the lazy hand makes for poverty. But the diligent hand brings wealth. What that mean? Lazy motherfuckers go stay bro. But the diligent hand brings wealth. You've got to work diligently. People try to clown me. People make videos. You too videos about me talking shit about me because I tell people, hey, if you want to make a lot of money, you should work hard. I didn't think that was a controversial tape, but let's say I didn't say it. I didn't just make the shit up. It's in the Bible. Prodverbs 10th of. Don't you argue with me when I say working? You are arguing with the Lord. Because the Lord said, the lazy hand makes for poverty. But the hand of the diligent brings wealth. Right? So you can't just say, hey, hey, guys, I want you all to give me some of these money while I play the playstation. Shims, hey, guys, man. I'm gonna be over here. Uh, getting high. Jerking off playing Super Nintendo. But uh, yeah, go ahead and get me some millions. And they're gonna work like that brother. The Bible says and ain't gonna work like that. You got to work diligently. So when I talk about working hard, every time I say that, some dipshit says, some people work hard and never get rich. Uh, you got to work hard at the right things, man. And you got to work hard with the intent to get rich. Some people just work hard as janitors, right? They're not trying to get rich, right? And you can give you really trying to get rich. You might have to start at a janitor, but you need to be always focused on upward moments, some upward mobility, brother. I used to work for movement, come these ice of work security. You understand? But I knew I wasn't gonna stay there. I knew that was just a step in stone. I knew that was just a stair on the staircase to wealth. And I was gonna keep climbing, brother. So yeah, if you fucking wash windows forever, you might work hard in a garbage, but you got to like, you got to have a vision, brother. But without a vision, the people will perish. That's in the Bible, so me, you got to have a vision for more. You got to be working towards it. Not just working the work. And working hard is levels to that shit, right? When you're talking to the worker forever, never get rich. Uh, they work 40 hours a week. I've been working 80 hours a week for over 10 years. Yums, man. Don't sacrifice health. I still sleep seven hours a night. Every night. That's that's all I need. Still got amazing relationship with my son, my family. Uh, me, no via. And I still got great relationships with my friends. But I work super hard, man. Because it's diligent, man. I'm diligent. I plan every hour of every day in my calendar. Let me show you the fuck diligent me. Next time you say some people work hard. Do they're fucking calendar? Look like this. Are they maximizing? I'm talking about like this every hour of every day planned out like legit diligencey. That's what the Lord's man when he said diligent. He said plan out every hour of every day. You know what I'm saying? So what you need to do, brus the, there's 1068 hours in every week. If you sleep eight hours, that's 56. How many hours you work? That's 40. That's say you worked. That's 40 hours a week. That's say you got to work out. You say you work out hours. That's say you bad ass like me. You work out every day. Seven, that's seven hours. Then you have to spend some time with your family. Put out my hours. You want? Add all those things up. So track it from 168 hours. That's how much hours you got left. Do the math. Look at that number because those are only four things a man has to do. You got to sleep. You got to work. You got to work out and you got to spend time with your family. Now, here's the family thing. If you got kids, it's going to be more. If you don't have kids, what you talking about? Spend a time with your mommy, man. You in a dog. Crow up. Peter Pan. Go up there and be a man. Your mom and your mommy really wants you to make something yourself. Man, she don't want you bacon cookies. What are her, or her man? That's a fucking dog. Get real. Anyway, the spin is much time as you want when I put it. Put it down. Add it up. So track it from 168. And then you'll tell me if by wasting that time, squandering, if you're really being diligent. Because the diligent hand brings wealth. According to Provers. 10. Fuck. One more. The last Bible verse. The hell me get rich? Is 10.5.8. If anyone does not provide for his own. Especially those in his household. Then he is denied the faith and is worse than an unbeliever. Worst than unbeliever. Think about that, man. If you can't provide for your own, especially the one of the young house, the Bible says you are denied faith. The Bible says you are worse than an unbeliever. That means you've got to make enough money to take care of the people who you love. You've got to make enough money to send you kids to good schools. Make sure they have everything they need. You'll make sure your family's taking care of. You can understand? But his, oh my father fucking blew his brains out. I could have just been a bitch and cried. I had some good excuses to be a bitch. They did. I said, nah. I'm the man in the house now. I gotta make sure I take care of my sister. I gotta make sure I take care of my mom. If you want to be the man one day. Or if you're the man now, you get the Bible says you've got to make enough money to provide for your own. Right? Because everything your family needs. Oh, it's my food. Close shelter, education. And the amount of money you have will determine the equality of what you can provide. You don't do the best for your family. You do the best you can afford. If you have more money, you would do more for your parents. You would do more for your wife. You would do more for your kids. You know, send us a best school. You send the best you can afford. You know what I'm saying? Think about that. And take their responsibility seriously as a man. Because the Bible says you should. This is what I made a video about me talking shit, man. You said, man, they're happy as people. I know. Oh, well, parents. I spent all the time with the kids. I see. I know lots of people on welfare, man. That's some bullshit. They ain't happy and the kids ain't happy. And that is the back to submen. Kids from low income families have had worse outcomes in every area across the board with lower test scores. Higher rates of substance abuse, higher rates of incarceration. Higher rates of diseases. Higher rates of mental problems. Right? All of that is associated with growing up and poverty. You got to make sure that you're in a better position. But you and your family, the Lord said, man, I did it. I worked super super hard. Then I made a lot of money. And I was like, you know what? I got to find a way to start my own business because I want to even more money. Like, I can only make so much money doing this labor, working security and working for moving companies and shit. There's a cat on the shit. So I was like, I mean, I did that for a few years, two years, you know, working like four different jobs. Like, I had two jobs during the week and then I had two different jobs on the weekends. Right? And I said, man, I got to I want to take it to the next level. How can I start my own business? I only think I was really good at it was training people, right? Training people. So that's why I started online training. I read a book. Some books about, you know, the internet, internet businesses, which was novel idea back in the time. I started my own life business business. And that's how I made my first million over the last few years. I've helped over 15,000 students build successful online fitness businesses. If you want to learn how to do that, I have a free book called The Ten Commandments of all not training the league in the description. Go down low then now. All right, cool.