Around this time of year, people start making new years resolution. I think a next year is going to be my year. One of the main goals people set for new years is they want to improve financially. They set started to find natural goals. A lot of you guys want to be rich. If you don't want to be rich, I don't know why you watching this channel. You should go watch fucking Dr. Beast or QD Pie or one of the mother channels. Man, where they just talk about entertainment. This channel is about getting rich, getting an amazing shape, and building the mindset of a champion. And in this video, I want to break down the habits you need to cultivate in order to get rich or at least substantially improve your income in 2025. Let's get into it. There's a few habits you need to cultivate in order to really get money in 2025. There's a hierarchy at the base. You're going to have to develop. I like to call financial discipline. Financial discipline. There's a few steps it is. So the first thing you want to do to be more financially disciplined is you want to start tracking every dollar. You guys say you want to get rich. You say money is really important to you. You don't know how much money he spent last week. You're not tracking. You've got to track every dollar coming in and every dollar coming out. Now back in the days for years, I recommended a software called Mid.com. You can see old videos 10 years ago. Let me explain that. That I used Mid.com to track every dollar coming in my accounts and every dollar going out. Catagirism. So I had a clear picture of my financial health at all times. Mid.com shut down. A new competitor is in this drink and it's called Monarch. So Monarch is the app I recommend. They do not pay me. This monster is I'll take the money if you fucking doorks I listen and believe me I'll take the money. Give me some money. You know everybody wants to talk about some sexy market insurers from sexy business shit. But the foundation is like, yo, let's start tracking the money you have. I want you to think about if you had a kid and this kid you bought the kids some toys and the kid didn't buy you on. He fucked them up. He ruined them immediately. He wasn't taking care of them. Would you be excited about buying that kid new toys? No. If God has blessed you or God or whatever you believe in, have blessed you with the money you have and you're not taking care of it. If you're not being disciplined with it, you think God's gonna give you some new shit. If you're not taking care of the shit you've got. So first we got to start managing the money we have. So we want to track every dollar we spend. We need to get a clear vision of our finances and every time I run on entrepreneur through this exercise like I counsel a lot of entrepreneurs. This is one kid, right? He was making pretty good money. He had made over a million dollars in like one year, right? But he was fucking still broke. I made him sign up for this shit through his spending for the last 90 days and he was so surprised to see how much fucking bullshit he was wasting money on. It's kind of shocking to a lot of people once they actually go in there and categorize and really start paying attention to their finances. After that, we want to cut spending. Well, basically we want not cut spending. We want to live below our means. Live, be low, our means. So if you watch my videos, you know, up until maybe five years ago, you always saw me with no shirt on or maybe a tank top, maybe some Jordan's. But I wasn't flexing, I wasn't out here with APs and the Richard Mills. That came later and shit. I was living way below my means. But I was making millions. But I was living below my means. Why do you do that? Because if you want to get rich, this is what you have to do. You have to make more money than you spend in best a different. It's really just a math problem. If you do that over long enough period of time, you will get rich and it's the only way. But if you're on the fast track to get a job that paid you millions, that was to get you probably wouldn't be watching this video. You're a regular dude like me. Now, the very first thing is once you start tracking every dollar, you can cut the bullshit. Cut the subscriptions you don't need. Cut the services you don't need. And it really put a cap on what you've spent it. Tracking will help you get a clearer understanding of what you can cut. Because you can probably cut a lot of things without it affecting your life. I'm not telling you to impose a lot of austerity into your life. Make your own coffee and clip coupons or some shit like that. I'm just telling you to cut the bullshit and don't increase your standard of living. Then the next thing we need to start doing, hey yourself first. I highly recommend. I highly recommend that you invest 50% of your income. Save an invest 50% of your income. First of all, you got to start making more. You want to cut expenses, live below our means. We're going to start making more later, right? But whatever you can afford, start setting the side to invest. Now, what are you going to invest in? There's three areas, either your own business. If you got that or if you want to start that, that's going to give you the highest return. All right? But it's the riskiest. The less risky options are real estate and the stock market. And with the crypto in there, it's very important. Because that's the only way you get rich. It's the only way to get rich. You have to make more than you spend in investing. So I'm going to say that maybe two, three thousand times during this video. Whatever you can't say, start with 10%, but the goal is we want to get it to investing 50%. We're going to have to make more first. But the very first thing is just be more disciplined. Now, we want to make more, but then make more. That's what we're going to have to work more. So my focus would be like, don't work harder, work smarter. Listen, only rich nicus can work smarter. Broke my focus can't work smarter. They think they're not smarter. That's why they broke. We want to have to work harder first. So we're going to talk about work habits. The very first thing we want to start doing is we want to work 80 hours a week. You may be thinking, I don't have time for that. If you got kids, maybe not, maybe you don't. You just do want to work at capacity, whatever it is. If you don't have kids, then you can't. But focus be like, man, I want to just spend time with my family, my family's most important. And then I find out these motherfuckers don't have kids. I'm like, yeah, you talking about your fucking spend time with your mommy? You want to don't, man. Top of you to leave the mess. Dip shit. All right, 80 hours a week. Now, you may be thinking, how to act Brandon, but Brandon, mean, no say, how do I do that? Well, check it out. There's 168 hours in every week. If you sleep, 8 hours a night, that's 56 hours. 112 hours left. If we work for 80 of those 112 hours, we're still left with 32 hours. Right? You're going to fucking go kiss your mama, whatever the fuck you was talking about. Do whatever the fuck you want with those 32 hours. But some asshole is going to say, what about sleep and cleaning, eating, fucking shower and listening, if you win the fucking bathroom, 30 hours a week more than that, you got problems that are beyond a scope of anything. I can talk about in this video. May you need help, brother. And yeah, you do got to eat. You do got to do chores. In order to say, beginning to know who else got to eat, that family you was crying about before. I bet my house that they like eating food just as much as you do. So y'all can do that shit together. Oh, you need to clean the house. Oh, family activity. We clean in the house together. You need to go to grocery shop. I used to like going grocery shopping with my mom when I was a kid. I listed the ride in the carton shit. It kids love it, man. Do all that shit with the fucking family who's crying about spending a much time with. But the kids, we need to work 80 hours a week. Why are we working so much? Because we want to get rich. If you just want to buck and make a little bit more money, I'm sorry for wasting your time. I tried to take you to stop watching this video earlier. If you want to accomplish some things that other people have not accomplished, you're probably going to have to do some shit. The other motherfuckers are not willing to do. If you're not willing to do it, guess what? You will remain banished from the ranks of the wealthy indefinitely. I have not met a motherfucker who's a millionaire who did not work 80 hours a week at some point. This is how we get better to other people. We do shit. They're not willing to do. To help you out with this, we're going to have to use time management. I have whole videos about how you need to use Google Calendar and plan out every hour of every day because that's how you squeeze more success out of life. You look at my calendar. Check this shit out. I got every hour of every day planned out, baby. I say you squeeze more success out of each day. Promise if you start doing that, you will notice, man, I got way more time. And you'll notice how much fucking time be released. Just like when people start tracking every dollar they spend, they see how much fucking money they're wasting. We won't see how much time we're wasting. And times I'm most valuable asset, we need to start planning every hour of every day in our calendar. How do you get 80 hours of work? Maybe you can't do that at your job. Okay, man. Maybe get a fucking another job. You know my story, I don't have to tell it again, but I will have four jobs at one point. I was working 12, 14 hours days, seven days week for two years. Guess what? I wasn't broke no more. And you can do so it. We're about burnout. Burnout comes from stress, not from activity. You see children, they'll play all fucking day, man. But then they'll sleep or whatever, but it's like, they're not burnt out. And now the next thing we need to do, we need to focus on hourly rate, hourly rate. That this is a little bit more sophisticated. But this is something I started doing when I was working on those hours. Yeah, yeah, I still ate food. I still had to make sure my dwelling was clean and my clothes got washed. But this is what I did. I realized, let's say you got your own business. Some of you doing, you're doing pretty well for a second. You're making $100 an hour. That's when you're working, you make $100 an hour. Now let's say to clean your house, it takes an hour. Let's say you smile, small plus. It says clean house. It takes one hour. Cleaning your house costs $50 an hour. Instead of paying an immigrant to clean your house for $50, you say, hey, man, I'm going to save somebody, do it myself. How much money did you save? Guess what, asshole? If you said 50, that's why you pours. Good thing you came to this fucking video. You did not save $50. You lost $50. Right? Because if you just paid this mother fucking to do this shit and you weren't to do it in that time, you wouldn't net 50 bucks. You bought yourself an hour. You made more money working during that hour than you spent to get that hour back. You made you, you made 50 bucks. And so if you didn't do it, you decided to do it yourself. You lose 50 bucks. For me, once I was making some money, especially with my business or even when I was working, right? I would just have food delivered. The grocery is delivered. Instead of fucking going to the, in the car, driving at a grocery store, buying a shit, packing it up, taking it home, unpacking, and like, no, man, just have delivered. And I started using paper and plastic. What about the environment? You're just sucking my dick, man. Classic, gifts for cycle and fucking papers bio degradable. Eat a dick, recycle these nuts. My fucking focus on your hourly rate. Right? I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't do it. No dishes, still to this day, I don't do that shit. At the food delivered, I have my laundry done and I work during that time. Yes, what I made more money. And how do you get rich? You made more than you spent and invest the difference. Who's was happening? Oh, guess what? I'm making more than I spend. And then I invest the difference. Right? This is how you get rich, man. You're not on your hourly rate. So any fucking low value shit you can do, loud, especially the message that once you can afford it, are you start paying other people to do it and then you work during that time. Make more fucking money, man. And we got to set clear goals. Now when I say set goals, I mean, set no goals with a game plan, mapping out each step of the plan and then putting a deadline on each step. And in the description, there's something called the Victory Vision planner, which really breaks down how you can really structure your goals. Basically a goal set in template is free. It's a notion template that I've used for years. But I'm giving it to you guys for free. And a lot of people I've coached have used it with a great success. Now you may not know how to accomplish that goal. No problem. That's where the next step is. Knowledge acquisition. So you may have to start reading. You may have to figure out what your goals are. You may have to study. That may be a combined some courses. It may be reading books. And maybe fucking watching YouTube videos, whatever. Whatever it means for you, maybe taking online classes on the college. Right? Depends on what your goals are. Somebody has figured out how to do what you're trying to do. And you need to mother fucking pay them to teach you how. Now you could get the free information offline. That's cool. For me, anytime I want to learn something, I find someone who I can pay to teach me. It's worked out really well for me. But do what you can. If you can't afford that, then don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can't do. You can just tons of fucking information online. Tons of great videos online. You're watching what. You don't know how to do it. You need to figure it out some way. And you're just going to take some study and some capacity. The next thing you need to do this is let's say you can't know the plan, but you need to still, you need to study trends. I'm telling you a story about this. So when I was first really trying to get my YouTube started, I was making two videos a day. Now my U.S. still had jobs, right? I used my calendar. So I was able to find more time than a ball time by paying local immigrants to deliver my food, clean my home and do my laundry. I don't mean that in a negative way, man. Immigrants are hardworking people, man. Work harder and a lot of fucking lazy as natural or boring citizens. So I was able to do two videos a day while working these other jobs. But I was still studying, studying the trends. And I don't know this is a thing anymore, but it was called blogs. Back in the day. And if you had what's called a RSS fee and you can import the blogs into your RSS fee, then it was kind of like a timeline or blog post. And I had a bunch of tech blogs in mind, because I wanted to see what was going to happen in our industry, right? And the tech industry. And I saw article about how Facebook was going to go real hard to push video on a platform. And it mentioned that videos was going to get more reached in pictures. And I was like, well, shit, I'm making all these videos for you too. What if I just started uploading these workout videos to Facebook? And I started doing that shit. My Facebook grew up blew up to over half a million, because it was getting so much reach. And I was one of the only people posting videos on that shit at the time. This is obviously like a long time ago. And my shit blew up. And I was able to make a lot of money off it at. So it's Facebook was more popular back then too. I think it was before Instagram, it came out. Because I spotted that trend. I was able to make a whole bunch of money. And I would have missed that if I didn't see it earlier this year. I just noticed everywhere I go, I would see people drinking Celsius. You know, every gym I was in, I saw people drinking Celsius. It seemed like they were spinning a lot of money. I saw that trend. So I said, man, I wonder what they're. Are they publicly traded? Come on, he was like, oh, they are. Right. And then I looked at the chart. And I saw, oh, shit is right at some resistance. Maybe if it breaks past this, you also want me talking about it on the podcast. I was like, oh, I'm going all in on Celsius. And I rolled this way. I was focused on the trends. I saw this move that went up 143% over the course of a few months. And then it fucking shit to be it. But I called the fucking wave. It's what I was trying to say. Right. And just like nothing last forever. Just like the Facebook thing doesn't last forever. But I called the wave because I studied the trends. Not only do you need to study how to do your thing, but you've got to study the trends. And one thing you do, one thing you do need to do. I don't care what your goals are. You need to learn sales. You've got to learn sales. Like if you're trying to get rich, you have to learn sales. I don't care what you do. Everybody sells. Even if you just want to be entrepreneur, you're going to have to sell somebody else up. You're going to sell customers. You're going to have to sell business partners. You're going to have to sell at some point. So there's no version of reality where learning sales won't help you make more money. But these are the things you need to do as far as knowledge and concern is concern. I know that if you do these things, you will be well on your path to accomplishing your goals in 2025. And when it comes to studying, if you're trying to be an online trainer, that's something that I know a lot about. I have a free ebook called The Ten Commandments of Online Training that it shows you exactly how to do it. Even if you not certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience, even if you don't have a big following, that ebook will put you on the right path and show you how to you can actually grow your following, get more clients and how you can train them online so they get good results. In fact, I've seen online trainers get way better results for their online clients and most of the person trainers can get further in-person clients. And I explained how in the book, it's 100% free. You can get it. You can download it for free. That's how I made my first million online training. I'm well suited to teach you guys how to do it. And I'm doing it for free in that ebook. So download that now.