Been a little too nice to y'all Now I gotta up price to y'all Snake guys on tax to y'all Show the zork ice to y'all Frozen A6 hard to hate I'm all getting up all the day Got lost in the bar then A I'm flipping the bars I'm flipping the river then I'm flipping up Yo, it's going on to show boy Brandon Carter early in the morning Every day I'm making moves Getting money, Miami border They're enough of debt Four shots of espresso Mix you with the West Yo, quest on pay me the endorses Hatter you a lot of it and I'll take the money You said listen then I got this water mix with Elementing and ketone My creative goto the hybrid elevator I'll know if y'all knew that about me But the crib got a private elevator You know, pull up in the condo me Pull up in the condo Choose to the elevator, constrate to the crib Going down Door it, closing So I'm out here I'm filming with these guys For there is the gram Pay to some And one of the kids is late Fucking young people sawst You can even do that Yo, how you at the wake up F5 F5 30 I'm like, oh, we Even now so we're gonna get a real real tough and he's kids up The whole generation What's the YouTube page out? We all work on bread in thought Zero, are you two? It is and the bread in All written 10 minutes late almost It's I'm usually out I'm usually doing cardio by seven Just one finally showed up That was when that was you just started I had bread and I have one question show us what's your schedule for like bonding parts I've already been hitting the jump What when I'm about to say is not advice Are you ever remember I've been trained for 25 years so what I do is different to do what I would recommend for someone especially somebody new But I do full body workouts every day. No, let me ask you how long you been hitting full bodies like every day for about seven years I did it for seven years yeah every day. I mean, you know this rest days Like I said what like makes me take a rest day So it probably averages five or six days a week. Yeah full body workout All right, so that was a busy morning When outside the cardio workout then I did my sales team meeting on my desk bike Why doing more cardio that's what you got to eat yourself a desk bike or Dike right and now I'm about to train my students who helped build their home. I've been this busy How much I'm lucky have you made this week who's written you started all? So we got one new client last week lighter still week total 2500 a week Woo and we're at 5000 for the month about thousand put a month so far so only the 16th how much you get for the week 3500 and 5500 3500 and 5500 for the week. Yes. Oh, come on man. Let's give me a nod or round of applause. Let's go Kyle This is already about with three of HTT and pretty new I first paid it full 997 oh Man, so you do my scratch so it's pretty happy about the progress and you already got your first $1,000 within the we just say two weeks three weeks Three weeks two and a half I guess two and a half weeks you made your first thousand dollars eight minutes keep that momentum going brother HTT alumnus right here man, say golden what's going on brother? You got $2,000 this week yep. It gives the background of applause So how do you make as you can see my students are here winning band it in amazing results listen If you would like to learn how to you can grow your own life business business too I got a free ebook called the 10 commandments of online training Go ahead and make sure that you download that for free the link is in description Download free now. It's sure you got to build your all life business business Even if you don't have a big bottle and even if you don't have a lot of experience Even if you don't certified it's no law senior certified to be online trainer gyms want you to be certified for a short reasons, but I got my first job as a trainer at bali so fit this without me a certified They I was trained people. They say you meant to get certified again that within the first two months and I got certified It didn't necessarily make me a better trainer like what makes him good trainer is holding people to count them Like especially online training it's all about holding people to count them right because they can go online Find a workout plan or die a player. They can go to you to dig and go check a PT if on the best die Plan of workout man Chagg PT is not going to make sure that they track their diet in their macros every day But if you can do that they'll give results They will give results and people will paper that they'll pay for accountability Yeah, they think need but you'll learn more about that in the free ebook take a man's phone my train All right, so now we're headed to go see my niece and my nephew because Just got them a new playground set. We're gonna go over there. It's people want to install it for him They broke their other playground just was going so hard so we got to get them a new one Their day it passed away about two years ago. He died in a car crash and he was just like one of my best friends Like we grew up together in Chicago We lived we live the black away from each other Then we both got sent it to St. Military School and he was two years old at him So he went to Howard University for me one of the reasons I went to Howard because I wanted to go to the same school And then after college we both were in New York around the same time for years So we was all we was always together my very first video on YouTube He was behind the camera. He was there direct in if you go back to my YouTube agency A very first one he directed he was the cameraman for a lot of my whole videos like we was we was real close And then he died in a car crash even though I'm not there day I tried to help To feel that role as much as possible or at least it's be there like a like a father figure in their lives Even though you know, I know I never would place him because there's something would happen to me I know he do the same for my son. So let's go get these children to play for One thing I like to do is work when I'm in Uber. It's doesn't really resist I like Uber's and what are these? I haven't had a car For man alone for like 15 years and I was in New York I just took Uber everywhere and I'm doing this as I move to Miami Because I work in the Uber. I know people like to make fun of me online when I said that But I really do work in the Uber so it's like this is an hour drive to West Palm There'd been an hour of time Where I couldn't be working because I'd be driving some dummy sticking at the type of Why don't you just hire a driver because now that's another employee somebody you got a manager just only I got to think about I leave town every other weekend to go visit my son So what did driver go me doing when I'm going I mean when I go to this is my son where he lives I do get a driver for the day it drives us around everywhere we go Oh you listen what's up how you doing Good how's the build going Oh My let's go look for me Okay What Just done Yes You've got to watch I I think it is. Yeah. All right, so I got to get together in my presentation for this talk about the do of our boy Jeremy's Mass. I already know what I'm going to say. I got the outline, but I got to put together the slides for the presentation, so that's what I'm going to do right now before we leave. But I'm going to be doing the presentation on my desk bike, so what he did, cardio, done, wound and worked. Yeah, so the big home he way, pick me in the novia, you know, we had it the Jeremy's crib for the, I'm going to be speaking in the Mass of mine and I felt like it was going to be cool for Jeremy and way to me and shit, you know, say I'm in the experience. Wait, I, I, I, I seen you just using the gym and all the big building Spanish girls kept running up to not hurt, they had big blue, I can see it. That's what he was telling me. I'm like, and that's what I heard, so like, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was a bit up to six. I'm hanging in. Absolutely. Grind, it just head down, focus, how many people can I help, how much content can I create, just deliver in my purpose to the world. There's no reason that I've overcome everything. I'm overcome to not deliver that to other people. I found my purpose was to be the best version of myself and then show with the people how I got to this level of being. All you've been doing online coaching, you also help people with like other like business and you're a child and nobody, way on the field of liberty and say this or not, and you know, horse, he helped put together 10x health in all crack heart, those helps shit. I was right here. How many carers is this? Why did he get so small? How much is it about after a knife? This is how I weigh all my food. First I'll put the plate on the scale of people's heel button and put the meat on the skin. Call the family. So how long are we before it? I think it's a lot of things for each other. Now that it's much. I get asked to get it in your exercise bike. I put Jeremy on it. I was telling him, I'll listen to him. Actually, I'm asking for a test bike. So this goes up again. That's like one. And you can be on the day call day. One more call. I've never said a very simple thing about making money. And I'd be thinking about making money. There are tremendous amount of people out of potential, but never actually wise it because they don't know how to think they don't know how to approach making calf. And as stupid as it kind of sounds, there are actually secrets to learning how to ball and make a full load more money on what you're making now. Now, what I'm about to share with you is if you do it, it'll make you a lot more money. I'm fucking guaranteed it. But I know almost many of you guys are going to do it. But there's a high probability in this, like if I was talking to the normies, it should. People say work like balance. You really only got one light. You know, you got one brain. You don't think it would be like a CPU. You know, when you have too many tabs open, what happens? Yeah, many guys all had too many four hubs up. And they shut down. We've all been in, look at that, for right place to finish. They've got those hubs talking about. So there's four areas of, like, this money, hell, sexual relationships and friends and family. That's my best friend, white boy Brian. The reason we got to talk about all four because again, I only have one single few. You guys get it all together. Now, which quadrant you guys think is the most important. Money in the most important because money will make everyone of those quadrants that it won't pull back. So Brandon, how many times we work out today? But you know, I mean, about third workout. Started morning with some cardio on the ocean front. I walked like a mile in a half. I jumped rope for a little while. Then I went to the gym, like a pool body workout with a swimming pool. Then I was the second workout. And I'm doing work out here. But I'm going to cardio all day, like two of this, like night in the crib and a chair. Yep, him won't. He's also a lot of weight. I'll do work on one thing. I still do this. Just do this fight when he's working all day. You can beat. For a salary. Go for it today. I've burned over three thousand. Charlie 3000 and it's only said, Yeah. What's your goal for today? I go with it. Fort thou, can calories today? Because I want to cut a little bit because I know I'm going to eat. Three, three, darling. So I want to fire and forward down. Down, be calorie. How much protein you take here I know? Me, I'm getting three hundred grams of protein a day. I'll weigh about 200 pounds. And I know people say one gram protein per pound of body weight. Or even less. Like some of the steady state you get 0.7.8. You gotta remember those studies were done in control environments. You don't know what to take because FDA allows food labels to be 20% all. Take either way. So if you have some system where I have the protein on the label, 50% right? You can. So I just overshoot it. I get more than I need. No such thing as too much protein. You need to like too much protein more arching. But too little can prevent your day and so. I know I'm getting a protein. Plus, if you're in a deficit to retain as much muscle possible, I think you want to up your protein. And of course, the FB Maxper is trained for 25 years. You know, you're a certified trainer and nutritionally 25 in years. I think watching you sleep dope like you, Thor, and big amount of expert. I actually trained people when you was shit on yourself. I was trained in people the day and belly, so the fit rich ass. And I have experience in the real world outside of laboratory condition. That's what I base my body and all. You know, the actual subject training real humans. Thousands. Good. And real life. Yo, you watch so well. Look at videos and you think you were expert. So we've been. Max, let's take a look. Is this a fun time? You. You. You. Oh, the. Who won? Well, man, the key. I'm. He tells us you. You. Me. I go to the regular day for you boy, man. I'm about to go to sleep. I got the roll ball and you know, but listen, man. I got a free book that I want you to check out. Count up 10 can members of online training. And it showed you how to build your online fitness business because I was broke before I started online training. Like online training is how I made my first million and then I par late that million is it's a more million is doing other stuff. But it was the real start. I was a fucking bro boy before it. But you see the life I'm living now. You see the friends I have now. You see the lifestyle I have. You see what I'm able to do for my family from my friends from my girlfriend. If it wasn't for my training, I'm going to have that. All right. And I want to show you guys how you can actually build your online fitness business for free. And it either call to 10 can members of online training. You know, show you got to become a online trainer. Start getting your first clients. Even if you don't have a big following because I'd have a big following what I started. I started this in oh nine. All right. It's back. Somebody social media is in even in this. It's easy. You're in that. And you'll be able to do it. You'll be following even if you don't have a lot of experience. Right. You don't need to be, you know, some guy would pick these and train because you're just trying to regular guys. It just helped them guys get ripped. I've trained pro athletes and I've trained, you know, people in the full and competitions. That's more intense. But you're just trying to regular people. And more importantly, you don't need to be certified. That I had a certification when I started. But nobody ever asked me what was a certified right. Again, you're just trying to regular the people. So you don't need no intense knowledge. Really, you just got to be able to keep on accountable. That's the main thing. Any plan to work for the average guy. Any diet plan to work. As long as I'm in a club, that's a delusional fact. As you're a miscarpeless again, and then the protein in doing some sort of work out or taking it on a game muscle, you just got to keep on accountable. And you don't need no certification legally to be the trainer. Some people are relatively believe that you have to be certified. Dietary nutritionists to get nutrition advice. And that was a true. Almost every fucking all my training and you know would be a prison. I don't know where that myth came from. You only need to be a certified dietitian if you give them advice, specifically to cure diseases. Lean care of cancer, bro. We help when people get good shape. And now I'm going to show you how to put that together. I'm super excited for you to get their copy this. You book is it? You can download for a link in the description. I'm going to like subscribe. I got to have unprotected interracial sex. And then go to sleep. I'll enjoy peace.