Young Goldie was set players and God Goldie the one and only was going off in me. As other men's good to have the backposs. We went through your intro last time. When people don't know, you actually help a lot of men improve their game and improve their lives. When you coach these men, what are the main problems that you see that these brothers have? I mean, everybody got the same problem as like a self-love. So they're doing everything for validation outside of themselves. Right? And that's how you're always going to do some BS, right? So you don't really love yourself. You don't really sell validates yourself. So therefore you look for from everybody else you're looking for from dudes. You're looking for from females. It means you change what you do based on what you think people are going like. If you start there, you always go lose. Right? Because you always go change your friend and change what you wore. A lot of these do without no who they are. Right? They can't even direct the bra to get them what they want. Because they want to be what they think silly bra's life. Right? So they act the way that they think silly bra's life can get mad that they attract a silly women. You give them a sandwich. When you know who you are, you know what you are. Only going to attract a woman who is into you. And if you not a silly dude, it's not going to be a silly woman. Right? If you hit a woman and you don't really know what you like, then it's just up in an air. And she's going to take control. But when you know who you are, you know what you're going to get the woman in director to which you're all. But these dudes don't even know they sell enough to even be able to display. You know the positive things about them, the things that they like their hobbies. You know when I get with a woman, I'm always talking about myself. What I like, my dreams, my goals. I'm interesting because I'm interested in myself because I know myself. These dudes, they just they don't know what to say because they don't know themselves. And how did that fuck up there related to who it was with the women? You start an off-road because you're starting off playing a character that's not really you. So you're catching somebody on false pretenses. You can't keep that up. So then you eventually become who you actually are once you can't keep that front up. And the woman doesn't really like you anymore. But she's attached to you. So now the disrespect comes in. Now talking crazy comes in because she was bamboos with how you expect her at. If you start wrong, you're going to finish all. You got to start by being yourself. But you got to be somebody that you like, which means you got to work on yourself. And then you got to know yourself. These dudes don't take no time with themselves. They don't take no time with themselves. They don't even like themselves. I love myself. And that shit exudes me. Not only that I like myself so much. I treat myself so well when I deal with the women she got to treat me on that same level. Like a woman can't talk to me crazy. A woman can't even talk to me wrong. Even kind of wrong. Like I say it all the time. And if I sneeze and she don't say bless you, I'm looking to look in an average place. Like this might not work. You know, because little shit turned into big shit. But you got to have that such high estimation that yourself and you're going to make everybody who come in and treat you on that level. I'm going to tell you a quick story and I thought about this the other day. I was in high school. Like you go to the last table at last time you eat with your friends. And you got to a point where I'm like every time I come around on my quote on quote friends, it's like I'm always the butter the joke. So you know, I ended up like I ain't going over it on walk around a school by myself unless it eventually other people was walking with me. These dudes be asking like, yo, what should I do in the situation where I'm not treating right she doing, she doing that? Nobody had to tell me. I'm not being treated right. Let me remove myself. But it's crazy to me. If I'm in a situation where their man, woman, whatever is not treating me with respect and how I feel like I should be treated, I'm going to remove myself. These dudes have to ask what should I do. Oh, and lately, man, somebody's disrespecting me. I'm going to remove myself because I love myself so much. But when you love yourself, you ain't taking no disrespect. I see dudes man, they'd be like, almost scared of their girlfriend. Yeah, man. You ever see your scared of their wives? You know, like, this great. I see it on the sitcoms and people at like this funny, I'm like, yo man, but that ain't funny. It's a program. They see it on each show, it's looking like even a cartoon is like a family guy. You know, you see it all the time. It's the fat stupid husband with the wife who's sharper, who put them in check. So if you've been trained to accept things like that, so that's your this backwards, though, I wouldn't ever. And a real situation, the woman wouldn't want to be in that situation. What it do is like beneath her. Yeah, right. And that's why she's treating like that because she upset. That's not what wasn't her dream. It'd be with a motherfucker. She got there. I'm telling you, you don't respect yourself. So why should she respect you? I respect myself so much. I'm gonna walk away from the situation. I'll care what's on the table. When ladies are on our care, if it's uncomfortable, if I got to move, I'll care what it is. I'm going to walk away about my manhood. Even if I'm living with the woman and got to be homeless about a I go be homeless with my manhood intact. Before I let a woman disrespect me, because if you can be bought, you can be bought for a big, you see everything going on in the media right now. If you compromise on your pressables over some small, which means you can be bought, it's only going to be the right amount for something that you say is outlanded. You came by me over some little, you came by me over some big, you know, it's slippery slope. The first move is the worst man I'm trying to tell you. And that's one of the 48 laws of power, man. You know, a BA is like a king to be treated like a kid. You got exuded, but you got like a self. Yeah, man. How can these dudes get to the point where they respect themselves more? Every man out here with his fictional character, all TV or somebody that's you know that you respect. What attributes do they have? Right. Model what you like. Right. I have a thing on my program. Construction in every area of life, I'm how you look to the wife you want to have or whatever to see one of those attributes right now work every day to close the gap between where you are and where that is. So when you look in the mirror, you have some respect about yourself the way you look at that person or the rock or wherever your idol is when you look in the mirror, you want to say damn. Yeah, I like that person because when you like that person and everything else is different, but they want to skip that step. They want to take the shortcut. Yeah, they want to tell them how it takes work. Yeah, it's a work, but it's fulfilling though. Right. People they say they be like, well, what's my purpose in life? Well, if you weren't blessed to have a purpose on your mind, I say your purpose should be to become the best person that you could be and then get that person to the world to be an example because I mean, it's just one of those things, man. What's more important than being something that you like when you look in the mirror every day? Yeah. Because that effect, everything like people don't understand too and it's kind of off topic, but people who are fat, they don't understand it. Then being fat affects every area of their life. Their entire life is different because they fat. How many think subconsciously the energy leak that you have every time you do something? Secretly, you know, you're around people who aren't fat or you around your friends who are fat. You know you're going to be the last choice. You go to the pool. You're thinking about how I'm looking at you. You're going to the store to buy something. You know, so it's so much going on in the back of your mind. Everything that you do, you don't even know is being affected by this one area. I tell people outside, man, getting in shape and having a body you want will do more than if I get you million dollars. Because your confidence is different and confidence. Your self worth and self-immigence affects everything. You've read psychosybernetic for sure. And you know, that's what I got out of it is you're not going to be able to perform at your capacity unless you feel like you can. So if you don't have the confidence, even if you have the skills, your body won't even allow you to reach the capacity of which your skills are because you don't feel right. So everything is about feeling. So do whatever you take to become confident. That's why I put this it all. This might not be your thing, but I am make me feel good when I stand outside. It make me feel like the broadcast is saying to me, whether it's me having this on that gives me the response I want or whether I just feel so good when I put it on. And I'm acting in a way that's confident enough to get the response I want. It worked for me. That's a fact. It's almost like you've critten me wrong because you gain God on. But I feel like you got to gain yourself. Yeah, you've got to. You know, I love you coming to me and they'll be like, man, how do I get more calm? Does how do I believe in myself more? You know, or like, why I got so much self doubt. I'm like, yeah, like you got to give yourself a reason to become. Yeah. Right. You know, so I do the same shit here to do it. I teach it's called the list of great. Yeah. When you think about the diversity of something to come up with, all your goals. Right. What kind of attributes that person have? What do you get up? You know, what's his diet like? What's his focus like? What's he not doing? And what's your start acting in accordance with that? What happens is you start to like yourself and start to believe. He feels better. Yeah. And if I'm not fucking saying, you like, I'm not fucking hate on me. I laugh. It'd be like if you said I'm a Chinese woman. Yeah, yeah. I would like that. I have it, right? I know I'm a man. That's what I mean. That's what the wrong would be in the Chinese woman. What I'm saying is like, I would look at your lips. But you're crazy because you're so wrong. But what those say is he was right now. When you sell validates yourself, man, it don't matter. See, you say something about somebody. The times that they get the most mad at you is when it's something true about what they say. That's the only time. So that's why I don't really trip when people say stuff to me because I sell validates myself. I know what I ain't true. I know why I love myself so much. I feel so highly about myself, man. What you say don't even matter. And in nights, I was at 10. I don't even respect you enough to even care what you say. But when you don't respect yourself that much, and you respect everybody else more than you respect yourself, then everybody's words hurt. And then you're changing your front and changing who you are based on the woman based on the dude based on this. I'm not changing who I am based on anything but I feel because I'm the most important person. We only get offended. When there's some truth in it, when they strike a court. Hey, listen, I was talking to a body man. You know, my baby mama man, she used to say the most hurtful shit to me, man. But in that, you know, as I grew out and understood it, it's staying for a reason. And I may not be fully true, but it's something in here that's staying. Okay, so to me, when it's staying in hurt, I got to investigate why does it hurt. And then I can figure it out. And then I eradicate that then when she say it again, it don't matter because it's no longer true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's like, and once you built your character, I had to call it using the list of great, but what did you call it, and let your character construct? Right. Once you start acting in accordance of this list, you like yourself so much. And you know that the average person need to win the man. Come on. So come on. For some more, I'll fuck it. Some shit about you. It's like it's meaning. Come on, man. If you just run in a good couple of days, when you hit your workout, when you hit your mac, roll, you didn't drink, you went to the club and everybody was asking you to drink you didn't drink. Oh, home, you feel proud of yourself. You got to get different. You know, you woke up early this morning. You hit everything on that list. You did everything you were supposed to do. You didn't lose your temper today. You know, you feel good. And now you're string a good day together. A good week, a good month, a good, come on. And it just compound interest on itself. And it's hard to lose. Like, you're actually not only like yourself, you start hitting your goals, right? But the goals won't even be as important as you're like here. I was just about to say to him, you will start to feel like you think you're going to feel when you're a multi-millionaire. I know you have the money when you start to life yourself. Like how you look when you're looking at me or when you hit all the things when you're not doing the biases. You will start to feel rich. And then I feel like once you start feeling like that, you're going to attract that. Yeah, yeah.