One of the greatest marketing books of all time is breakthrough advertising by the homie Eugene Swartz. If you try to buy it off the Amazon, it's gonna cost you about $200 back in the days. I could have bought a Gucci belt, but instead of getting that Gucci belt, I bought breakthrough advertising. And I wanna break down the most important part of this book so you ain't gotta spend a 100 on it. If you're out here, ball it, and you wanna spend $400 on a book, the link is in the description. So I've heard about this book, because one of my mentors is doing a Mac Delante. He helped me grow my first million dollar business and I asked him, man, what's your favorite book? I know you read a lot, he said. Without hesitation, he said, break the waiver, charging by Eugene Swartz. And Matt is one of the best marketers I've ever met. He was, Elliott Holtz's business partner when he was building his business. And he's went on to build a supplement company called Biooptimizers, last year they did $50 million in gross revenue. I'm gonna break down the part of this book that I feel like most valuable for me. And I'm gonna show you how I used it in my business. And how you can use it in your business to make more money. So my favorite part is the book is when you with Naomi Eugene talked about the levels of market awareness. Listen, my handwriting is not the best. Don't worry about that. You take your own notes and make it legible on your end. Also, if I spell a word wrong, you gotta remember, I was diagnosed with dyslexia as a kid. So if you make fun of me for it, that's a hate crime. Levels of market awareness. And the home Eugene, he said there was five levels. So the first level is unaware. These people don't know nothing. This is the most challenging group the market to, right? They're unaware of the problem, right? And when I say the problem, every business solves a problem. I needed a microphone that I can talk into that would pick up my voice clearly, but would not pick up any other sounds in the room and sure solve that problem with this SM50. So basically, if you don't, they're not even aware of a problem that they have. They don't even know that they need a solution. They don't know they have a problem and they are not aware of the solution. For example, let's say you get in the Uber. This dude is musty. He's stinking. In the armpits, you don't even know he's stinking, right? They would be that person. He's unaware that he's stinking. And if you were the older in company, this motherfucking don't even know that there's a solution to it because he don't even know what the problem is. And now I gotta give him a one-star review. And then Uber's gonna text me and say, hey, can't get all that up in, man. You usually get five stars and it's like, yo, man, I had to have the windows all the way down, man. And I had my head hanging out and it like I was a motherfucking pet dog, one star. He was unaware. We're gonna talk about how to market him over here. The next level of market awareness, problem aware. These people, they realize they have a problem, but they aren't aware that a solution exists. They realize they have a problem. Don't know what solution exists. For example, we're about to come out with this product called thought repellent. A lot of guys they have a problem is like, man, all these girls that I meet, a lot of them is like thoughts or skinks or skis. It's right? They don't know that there is a way to solve that problem. That's why we're coming out with thought repellent, right? You spray it on either of these, because you're like a force field, skates, and holes can't get close to you. It's not out yet. I mean, they're weird to problem. They don't know that. They don't even know that it's a solution. Brandon Carter's gonna save the day again. And then we have solution aware. Now, these guys, they know they have a problem, and they know a solution exists, but they're not familiar with your solution. So maybe, for example, with the thought repellent, they might know that there is a way to repel thoughts, but they don't know that there's an easy to apply spray that's coming to the market. Then we have product aware. So basically, they know about your product, but they aren't sure if it's the right choice for them. They know about your product, but they're not sure if it's right for them. They're just not sure yet. It's kind of like, let's say you're trying to talk to this girl. She likes having sex with guys. She's a heterosexual, and she knows that you have a penis, but she's not sure if that's the right one. For her and her goals, then we have most aware. So these people, basically, they know all about the product. This doesn't mean they're ready to buy, but they're totally familiar with it, right? Most of where, know all about the product. Doesn't mean that they're a customer. It just means they're all aware of it. Like I know a lot about NBA Young Boy, the rapper, but I have never willingly download the name of this music all they're trying to get. Me and their 40s to listen to his music. But I know a lot about that fella for whatever reason. I'm most aware, but I'm not necessarily consumer yet, right? So this line will show you the details about these people. Now I want to talk about how to market to them. Before I feel this out, this column out of how to market, I want to kind of break this down a little better, and I want to label these, right? I'm going to call this level five, level six. I mean, I'm sorry, level four, level three, level two, level one. We want to teach people how to grow their own life, fitness business. You know, we, we help a lot of people who don't have a big following. That's the majority of our students, and we have them become successful. Everyone's the one we get somebody who has a nice size following. Maybe like 10, 20,000 followers, right? And what they notice is immediately, when they start marketing, those people, it's almost easy for them to make money. And the reason why is because there's a bunch of people who are here, what I call, what we will call level one, who are already following them. And there's a lot of them. A lot of people here in their level one, but what they realize, it keeps getting more difficult. So you got the people, and this is not a nipple, but you know, now that I think about it, we're going to call this the marketing nipple. But there's a lot of people in the level one, and you lick them, right? So these people are here, most of where. These are pretty, your hideous leads. And then, there's a lot of people in this level two and three. So level two and three, this is the outer ring, the areaola of the marketing titty. So level two is in the areaola. These are the warm, right? They know about your product, but they don't know, they don't know what's up. Then you have people, they know there is a solution, but they don't know about yours. And then they go here. Now it looks kind of like a clown, titty, or a smurf titty. This is basically the smurf marketing nitty. They don't teach you this in business school. And then everyone else is in four and five. Now the key is when you get these influencers, or these people who have like, you know, a nice ass following, it's easy to sell to these people, level one, right in the nipple. It's not as easy to sell to the people in the areaola, level two, right? And it's more difficult to sell to the people in level three. And in the level four and five, they're not even fucking on that shit right now. So what happens is a lot of influencers, they'll get mad, they'll get the, and we made a whole bunch of money at first. And then it's like, man, now it's difficult. So easy at first, well, like now you gotta go marketing these people. I tell them, now your job is to get people from level four and five into your ecosystem. And you gotta move them through the levels that that makes sense. And you gotta keep moving people down the customer journey. To market to the unaware, to level five, your advertising should be highly educational, educational content. So you need to teach them and show them that there's a problem. They don't even notice the problem. You'll see politicians do this, but they'll make problems up. They're like literally make shit up, right? And they'll make up problems. Because that it's easier to solve a, make believe problem than it is to solve a real problem. We can't do that because we have to actually sell something. So educational content works best for online trainers. What I tell them is that hey, may you make educational content. And what that does is that starts to bring people into your universe because people start sharing it. And then they see it in their friends, share it. One of our students who had the most successful with this recently was a Korean Armstrong. He's the reason on every fitness video people are typing such as making big as hell. Because he started that trend, I guess. And Cory, he started putting out lots of educational content. Really what that does is that moves people into his ecosystem. And moves people into his market in Smurf Teddy. And then the more they get up, the more of it, they get, the more they start moving towards the nipple. And then eventually he can milk. But you know, I know last year, Cory made $400,000. From his online fitness business, but this was a big part of the strategy. That's outreaching to the unaware with educational content. And that's how he grew his following. We taught him how to make educational content. He started putting it on shorts. He started putting it on IG Live, TikTok. The Titi got bigger because it was more consumers in his Smurf market in Titi. For the problem aware, what you want to do is, you went to educate them about their problem. So this is like general education. Boom, you know, this is general education about their problem. And I'm going to show you some examples of this. Matter of fact, I'm going to show you one example from Cory right now. Let me bring it up. Here's some educational problem for the unaware from Cory. I think this has to never apply to again, part two. Let's say you've been progressing with your reps, your sets, and your weight, and you've hit a wall. You're not making any type of gains. You're not seeing any progress. Try high frequency training. All right. So what he's doing, this is more like level four marketer because he's talking about a problem that his, his target market actually has their problem where they know they have a problem. And one of the problems he's saying is they hit flat toes. So he's going to show them how to solve that problem. So this is a good example of education about their problem. I frequency training is basically emphasizing training any muscle group multiple days a week. So if you do this properly, you'll be able to maximize your gains. And the key is to change the amount of intensity you train with. Let me give you an example. So that's how I really want to build my bike set. So but he's going to give you like examples of it, right? So this is this is a problem aware content in marketing. Oh, that makes sense. Now let's go back to solution aware. You want to focus on how your product solves that problem. Moving people up the pyramid or you can look at it like we're moving people into our smart marketing team. You however you want to look at it, whatever makes the most sense for you. And let's go to another example from Corey of how that works. All right. So get ripped on the go. Here's how to get ripped on the go. I noticed because you know, of course, I talked to Corey all the time because you know, he's in our program, how to get trainer basically taught him this style of marketing. And so he knows that he's going to be a good guy. And he's going to style the marketing. And so he knows that he told me that a lot of his clients or the people he trains, they're like busy, they're professionals. So they're running around doing shit. And he says that traveling is one thing. They're really throws them off. Right. So what he's doing is he's addressing the problem that one of the problems he knows they have and number four. But now he's going to he's going to address it. But at the end he's going to watch. He's going to go into how his solution can help him solve that problem. Now what does this this and this should have in common? They all keep you big as hell. Stay away from him. If you want to go and do these things as they're one thing I tell my clients to do all the time. He's bringing in his solution now. So this is like level three marketing because he wants to bring him up to his product. I'm his when you're on the go the main thing you should be looking for is getting more protein in. So we're talking different types of protein bars. One good brand that's out there is the barbell protein bars. This thing got 20 grams of carbs and 20 grams of protein only seven grams of total fat, which is really good because it'll keep you nice and satiated without killing all your carbs and fast for the day. Another good option would be to cliff's builders bar. Not as good as the other one but it's okay. Another thing I like to do is grab a few protein shakes and I actually like to combine these with one of my favorite protein bars. The lany and larys he's talking. We're just going through the groceries and shit. You know, but watch what he does at the end. Cookie five bar. You see this thing got 24 brands of protein. This right here is 42. So you get in well over 60 grams if you just put these in. Basically it's all focused on education. I think that's the best way to market a product that you're trying to sell. Because you know, you see a lot of fucking influencers doing clown shit, changing clothes with their girlfriends or a motherfucking doing skits with their girlfriends. That ain't gonna get your no clients, right? It's maybe entertaining, making sure to views, but he's actually helping people. And that's one thing we stress with our clients is make content that actually helps people. All right. And this is one reason why Corey so successful. Heather, make a whole meal of it. You can also get your some meat sticks. You only get a minute on YouTube shorts on the Instagram version. I'm not gonna go pull that shit up. He says, hey, and this is how I help my clients stay in shape when they're on the go. I give them a meal plan in different options of things to eat that they can find anywhere to add and that's why my clients give such great shape. So he talks about his solution. All right. So he started kind of like this for then he moved up here. He was like, you know what I'm saying? And then with level two, all right. So they know you, they know about your shit, you know, again, they don't know if it's right for them. So you need to emphasize the unique benefits of your product versus the competitors. This is where a lot of fitness influencers mess up. And these tactics were for any industry. My main thing is that teach people to grow online fitness businesses. You don't have to talk about competitors. I usually don't. Here's where you want to start adding testimonials. Case studies. And the goal of this is to bring them from level two from the Yeritha straight to the Nipple and in a dating time test. This would be like, okay, there's a girl she's product aware, right? She wants a man and she knows your man and you have a penis and but she's not sure if you're right for her. This is when you send the dick pick. Now I'm just joking. But check this out. Awesome. Real shit. Eddie guy knows what happens when you start when you get a girlfriend. What do all the other girls do? Yeah. It's a testimonial. It's like an Amazon review. Then all of a sudden girls are interested in you. It's a flaw in the design. It's the same thing. When they see the testimonials, they'll want you. You want to see this when you see testimonials. See them saying. And you want to move them from the Yeritha to the Nipple. All right, or up the pyramid. And then the most aware, most aware. These are people who they're aware, but they're just on the sidelines for whatever reason. So here you can be like super direct. You know, this is sometimes you can have like sales. I tell my own not fitness students to never put you shit on sale because like the lambs don't be on sale. You know, Apple products don't go on sale. Even on black Friday. Sales and sales of work is some sort of promo. But it really just clear call the actions. Call the actions like hey man, do something. I mean clear CT it. You could be more direct with them. And this is really how you move people up. A ladder or through your smurf market entity. I'm going to give you a bonus tip for this to work. You have to really know your audience. This is why I teach my own not fitness clients to make sure they have a niche. And when I say a niche, I mean you got to make a self different. Who are you marketing into? What problem you trying to solve for them? All right, because remember you got to solve a problem. That'd be a problem. And how you're going to solve that problem is very important. So we helped them craft their niche. For example, the quarry, he says he's going to focus on young men. You know, men in like the 20s and 30s. Like around that age, right? He's a good enough trainer to train men and women. You know, when I went when I first met him when he first joined my program, he was in living in Detroit. I know girls, right? Training gang members, girlfriends and shit, you know, chicks with tattoos. But just because you can train everybody. This is me. You can market anyone, right? All this market is specific to a certain type of guy. A young man, a young professional man, right? Around 20, we call it a 25 to 35. And the reason we'd like to pick a 10 year age gap is because if we went to 45, 45 year old and the 25 year old is too far away. Like the way they're thinking about problems. The reasons they want to get in shape is just different. Like I'm 42. The way I thought that 22 is way different than the way I think that. All right? So you try to keep a 10 year age gap because the market is going to be different. As you can see from my smart marketing, I'm like way more mature now. All right? And then what problem you want to solve for them? He focuses on what I used to focus on when I was on the training is men who want to get ripped. Right? So he's not going to tell you how to fucking get better at your sport. He's not going to talk about how to be a pro body builder, how to be a power lifter. He's just focusing on one problem. He wants to help them solve, right? Because there's a lot of problems within that problem. And then how he does it, Corey does it. It's kind of a mix of if it fits your macros in a minifasting. Kind of a mix of that. Now he stands out a little bit. Now he's not competing with every fitness guy or every fitness girl in the world. He's competing with just the people who focus on training young men who want to get ripped. Not the people who want any other goal. And then if it fits your macros in an intermittent fasting, right? So cool. Now he can craft every layer of his marketing around this. So if you go to his content, it's all talking to this guy. The thing is if you're just a trainer, now you got to talk about how to get it bigger, but you got to talk for chicks. You got to talk about what to do with you over 800 pounds. How to be a power lifter. It's too much shit. So your content will be all over the place and that it won't penetrate. Right? Corey's become especially. So when this guy who wants to solve this problem, when this method finds Corey what they want to see is. Fucking hundreds, it's not thousands of pieces of content that help him solve his problem. They tell him about his solution and then show him the product that will solve his problem. So when that guy sees another trainer who's trying to solve every problem for everybody, he can't compete with Corey. That's why Corey made close to half a million dollars last year. He was one of our most successful students. It's all based around this. Listen, if you guys want to learn how to grow your online fitness business, who I have a free ebook called The Tank Command, Mr. von Laundrainant, go ahead and click the link in the description. Check it out now.