I'm about to give you one of my top fat loss pads and tips. This is something I do, a protocol that I incorporate myself. Every time I need to get extra rip really fast for something, because I stay leaning all your round, but when I need to turn it up a notch for a photo shoot or I'm filming a bunch of content or going to your mom's house, I turn it up a few notches get a little extra lean. This is something I've been doing for a long time and it started back when I used to do fitness month. And you know, I used to hit me sometimes and it would be like, yo, you got a shoot on 30's and I'm like fuck, I'm gonna see if I can get a little leaner. This was a one of the protocols that I would implement sometimes, especially if only at two days. And this is the 48 hour fast. All right, I had nothing to say. I'm not gonna say you and I'm just gonna give you the game, because I can't sell you not eating. But this really works. I'm gonna break down how it works, how to do it, why it's so effective and then at the end, I'll give you some supplements and some things you can take along with it to make it more manageable and less awful. So with the 48 hour fast, it's in the name. I'm only right now, I'm at the tail in the 48 hour fast. The last meal I had was at 9 p.m. I'll send a night. Today is Tuesday night. So I will break my fast at 9 p.m. Tonight. So Monday was the only full day I didn't eat full. I ate right for a one sleep. woke up Monday didn't eat anything. Did it eat anything all day today? My first meal breaking the fast will be at 9 p.m. This is super effective strategy because the loose fat you have to burn more calories than you can consume. And if you consume zero calories, you're still gonna burn calories. Some people work out when they do a fast. I don't fuck that. I just wait. But you still burn calories moving around. I still was going to places, don't win shit, you know, living life, breathing air in hell in oxygen, exhaling, carbon dioxide, you know, all the things that humans do. And your body will burn calories just doing that. But if you consume zero calories, you're gonna burn up fucking ton of calories. I'm gonna break down how it works in a minute. But even the why it works. First of all, it just burns calories. That's the first way that it actually helps you burn fat. You're just gonna burn a bunch of calories and you're not gonna consume any. So you're gonna turn this with that burning machine. But it also does some other things. It improves what's called lapoluses. So fat burn in is really a true part process. There's lapoluses and oxidation. The policies is the part of that burn you work. Your fat sales break down in the fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. Right? Because that's why human being store fat. The reason human involved store fat was to keep us alive during times of famine. It's really a storage mechanism. Think about it. Back when we was caved me in a shit, there would be long periods of famine where people couldn't eat. Right? Because if you wanted to eat some lettuce, mind it. It was before agriculture and on that, you had to go kill a buffalo or look for some berries as shit. If you ever seen a picture of prehistoric fruits and vegetables, they don't look nothing like they look now. Dimpschitz was barely edible. Gurgling one day. Over time, we have not just genetically modified, but even before genetic modification was the thing, we would breed different fruits and vegetables to be bigger and more plentiful. The same way we kind of bred wolves to be them little tiny dogs that holes put in their pockets to shit. You know, see how the whole would have dog and her purse? That motherfuckers great grandpa was a wolf. Fuhuhuhu fuck you killer. This bitch ass nigga is crying in a fucking purse. I digress. Just getting fruit and vegetables wasn't necessarily a sustainable viable option for the cave in the shit. They never seen an apple that looks like the ones we eat. The apples was trash. Very little of it was edible. Back then, so they would go kill other animals and eat them. But the animals back then were kind of tough. Man you have what the man was to shit. So imagine. You're sitting around the cave. Doing cave, man shit. Your arm hungry is fucked. Yeah me too man. I got these sticks and stones. You see that big ass monster? Let's kill them with these sticks and stones. And they would go do that shit. As you can imagine, that was an arduous task. Many brave cavemen died in that quest. You couldn't go kill a man at every time he was hungry. So they would kill one man with the whole village would feast. But damn, that's a lot of man with me. Right now, if you get too much food, you get to you full put that shit in the fridge and save the later. But to our caveman brothers, refrigerators hadn't been in veneer yet. They couldn't store that shit for later. So what did they do? They ain't at all. But they could store it as well. They could store it as fat. That's how you ask God fat now. And you need to watch the videos on how to burn fat. You can soon more calories and you need it. A good body still on some cavemen shit. Your jeans are still on the make. They could get a caveman swag. So it's going to store that fat for later. Like oh shit, we better store this shit for later. And that's where fat comes from. It's purpose is to use during those times of famine because your body's thinking oh shit is going to be admitted before this motherfucking killing another man myth. He got lucky with that goddamn rock. He threw it that motherfucking. We don't know when he's going to just get less stores some fat. To make you use for later, keep his motherfucking alive. So fasting actually works with your body's evolution. People say it's not natural. No, no, it's the most natural thing because motherfucking is used to not have a choice. Right? New study published in OBC in your research in clinical practice in 2016. It's found that ultimately they fastened, which is a different kind of fasting, but just fuck with me. Increased fat oxidation compared to continuous calorie restriction. It activated the policies, but it also increased activation of a crease authorization better than just dieting, a port according to the study. So your body also goes into ketosis when you're fast. And even if you're not doing the ketogenic diet, your body will go into ketosis. What is ketosis? Well, normally when you eat a bunch of carbs and maybe you need a whole lot of meat sometimes, your body will convert that into glucose. And that glucose would be the fuel that your body runs on. However, in the absence of glucose, your liver will secrete a hormone called ketones. And these ketones become the new fuel source that your body runs off. When you're in ketosis, it makes you what not hungry. Right? It makes you not hungry and it gives you energy. This is how I'm still talking to you and walking around breathing, breathing air, pumping blood. Even though I have ahead any food in almost two days, because it's the ketones allow me to do that. There was a review published, a journal called Metablas on the show that fasting shifts the body into ketosis within 24 hours, where it becomes your primary fuel. And when that happens, you're not as hungry. Just keep that in mind. So when is you start this, you're going to be hungry the first few hours, but by day two, you're not really hungry. You're just like in this weird, this weird state. I feel that a lot of work done today because now you're in ketosis. Alright, and we're going to talk about some other ways to actually improve on this later in this video. It also improves insulin sensitivity. There was a study published in the journal of clinical investigation that found if fasting can lead to market improvements of insulin sensitivity, which means basically what you finally do start eating your body was utilized the nutrients more efficient. Most people are very insulin-insensitive because they're always eating a bunch of food and a lot of carbohydrates and it makes your body insulin-insensitive. Alright, there's some other health benefits like a pop-a-g, what is this one your sales repair themselves? In 2018, there was a study done in public is called Nature, the demonstrated defasting activates of a pop-a-g, which plays a protective role against neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's, cancer, shitted that nature. One of the main reasons I like fasting. Not only do I want to eat a fucking rip, but it also enhances cognitive function and mental clarity. But what you get past the hunger stage you start getting into ketosis is start to thinking faster. The mental clarity starts to dissipate and you're able to attack problems and get way more done because when your body's running off glucose, what happens is when glucose levels go above, when 10, your pancreas will secrete a hormone called insulin. It isn't as job is to flush out as much glucose as possible to access glucose so you stay alive. Because if you didn't do that, you would die. That's why people with type 2 diabetes, they have to inject insulin because their body does not create it so if their blood sugar goes to lie, they might fucking die. So if you're watching this, you probably don't have type 2 diabetes, so your body makes it's only insulin, but insulin is indiscriminate about how much glucose it will flush out of your body, you know, flush out of your brain, every minute, this is why people get crashes after they eat a big meal. You know what I'm talking about? And we eat that big meal and then you get a little strowsy, a little sleepy. You may not be as sharp. I think the medical term for that is theitis, for some people who might call it food, coma, or whatever. When you're fasting, hey, you don't have that. Once you get past that initial hunger, you don't have that and you just have a sustained amount of energy and a sustained amount of focus and you can get way more done in way less time. So when I'm doing these 48 hours fast, I get as much done as possible during that time because I want to maximize that cognitive benefits of the fasting. So I'll pack my calendar full of things to do and I'm not going to allow it. It really is with my productivity. Now, how do you do this to make it easier? All right, I'm glad you asked. Here are the rules. No food, obviously, right? Drinks with zero calories. So obviously water or odd water, you know, everyone's favorite combination of oxygen and hydrogen. You can drink as much as that as you want. You can drink diet coke. If you wanted to, right, diet sogreens, you can drink pre workout. If you wanted to, pre workout may have trace amounts of calories, but we're not going to worry about it. It's not enough. You can drink black coffee. Look on the container and see if that's calories. Where is that? Well, this is water, sparkling water, zero calories. Oh, this is perfect. That's the only rules. And you do that for 48 hours. This is really most effective when you have to do something on the next day where you need to be ripped. Drop that in right before vacations while I was going to take a bunch of photos and shit, you know, I wanted to look super ripped. Tomorrow I'm filming Tana content. I want to be super ripped for that. And I was doing this back when I was modeling doing fitness modeling and it was like, they would let me know. I'm sure notice that I had to be fucking photoshoot ready. I'm like, all right, 40 hour fast. Let's go. And it's cool. I would also plan to try to get as much work done as possible in this time. Now, how do we make the fast in easier? Two things you can do. I have a few tricks of my sleeve. So the first thing you want to do is get supplements. I'll go over with supplements. We'll help the most. I got a broad of you supplements that will help you with this. I'm not paid by a company's or sponsor by him. I will take the money if you want to because I'll watch it. I promise you I'll take the money. You want to give a real one to some money to throw this shit I give it to you. The very first one I'm going to recommend is this stuff is called Keytoon A. Full disclosure, I am friends with the CEO. He's a good dude, but he doesn't pay me. I just like this shit. There's a clip of Joe Rogan talking about it. And how he takes this or maybe used to take this and gave him a lot of energy. That's a clarity shit like that. Even when he was a fasting. So this is exogenous keytoons, but it's keytoon esters. So it's different than the salt to your buy in powder form. Those are keytoons salt. He's a keytoon esters. They're significantly more powerful. The problem is they taste like this and I never tasted real peace. I never even smelled it. But I imagine it tastes like this. It's what it tastes like. This shit is awful. You know when a car is leaking fluid underneath it, I think that tastes like this. Lincoln car juice. Or maybe like dumpster juice. Like dumpster garbage juice. You ever see a dumpster leaking? Think it tastes like this. But you feel great. And the reason is so effective is to remember it. I said you'll be hungry and maybe you won't feel so great until your body starts making keytoons, which is a process. How about we just skip that shit? Why are you waiting for your body to start producing this own keytoons? You'll have it. And this will really help with the hunger. Like you will be significantly less hungry and a way more energy if you take this during your fast. How often as often as needed. I might take one every few hours. The bottle says it has a limit, but you know me man, I'll place no limits on myself. I'll place no limitations on me. But you should follow the instructions if you want. I'm invisible. Alright, the next thing you want to need. This one here, I'm reluctant to tell you about it, but I feel like I should. And if you play any sports or you need to talk to your people, I don't know this is on a band's selfless list. It's something called a fedgera. A fedgera used to be every fat burn is supplemented back in the day. Back when I was a kid. We didn't have prework out when I was a kid in the 90s. Prework out didn't exist. But there was, she'd called Rick Pugh, which was a fat burn. The riff you was mutton but caffeine and a fedgera. That's the A made illegal for a company to put a fedgera in fat burn is because I guess some kids died or some shit. I don't know. But you can still get it. It's not illegal. You just have to go get it from behind the counter in a form of this stuff called bronchate. So this bronchate is the asthma medication. And you can get it as long as you're over 18. You just got to go behind the counter at the pharmacy in America. It may be different in London. But in America you just go, you go to the pharmacist. You say, hey, look here, Saudi. What you're going back there and give me some of the bronchate right quick. It should be like, okay, I just need to see ID. Right? It should give you ID to make sure you win them off of a terrorist or a med dealer. You ain't about to go breaking bad with this shit and then a security. It's cool. Right? And you want to take this two or three times a day. If you do it, you will not be hungry at all. You know, back when fat burn is first came out, you can really burn fat. Because remember, you got a burn more calories than you consume the birth fat. A fedra kills your hunger. You will not be hungry at all. You won't even want food, which is advantageous when you're doing a 48 hour fat. So you take this, not only will you be less hungry, but you're also going to burn more calories right because a fedra is Michon is the multiple studies to dramatically increase the rate of the policies. Remember, fabric is a two par process. This is an oxidation and the policies. The policies is dramatically increased with a fedra. But it also gives you a lot of energy. This is a fucking stimulant. So if you don't want stimulant, I'll know what to say. You will get a pop initiative. This is been times I've taken this, back when I used to go out and party. I will take this before I go out. You won't be hungry. It's all you're going to have. It's tons of energy. You have more energy than you can do what you'll be of the burn more calories. Right? So imagine this is making you less hungry. So you consume less calories. And it's giving you more energy. Next thing you want to do is like some legit caffeine. Get yourself caffeine. I like to take it in the form of pre-workout because I like one of my ears tingle a little bit. I like to take enough caffeine that can feel it behind my eyeballs. But you all might not want to. But I take two to 300 milligrams of caffeine. You can take it in pre-workout form because you take caffeine pills. Doesn't matter. I use woke AF just because I'm cool with the people who are right. It's coming to you. Fucking pay me. But I still be shouting about because those are the homies. The homies out in Utah. This is the stack. And I'll take this like three times a day. You could have assessed your own tolerance. Right? Because that's 900 milligrams of caffeine. But the lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. Right? So let's say less than 10 percent of the lethal dose. I'll be fine. And also my caffeine tolerance is real high. I've been taking a lot of caffeine since I was a kid. I don't need it. I like it. I enjoy it. It's my only advice. You won't fuck a string and smoke. I don't do that. I just really like caffeine. That's not advice. I'm just saying. But I will take this stack. A fedra. Key to on A. Two to 300 milligrams of caffeine. Two to three times a day when I'm fasting. And if you do that, you won't be hungry at all. You'll have tons of energy. It'll make the fast almost easy. It won't be easy. It's going to sleep. But remember, we plan in this time where we're going to get a lot of work done. So if you can't sleep, amen. Get back to work. Sleep tomorrow. Sleep at the sleep when you break your fast. It's all good. Now you also going to need to increase your electrolytes. So in the past, I would drink water with salt in it. And I would take like magnesium pills and potassium pills or the electrolytes. But I will do it anymore. I just take this a few times a day. These motherfuckers don't pay me either. Maybe because I'm always cursing. But I'll take this shit elementy. Obviously, I got the watermelon flavor because, you know, I'm genetically predisposed to like in watermelon flavor. I'll just drink this anytime I feel any sort of lightheadedness, any sort of weakness. You drink this, you're so filetful. The big reason why people when they go keto when they fast. They're like, oh man, I can't do it fast. I get weak. I don't have energy. I get drink some salt. I remember before this, you came out and I would coach people and it's like, man, I just feel so weak on keto. Man, go drink a cup of chicken broth. I'll tell you do that. And it will do that 10 minutes later. They have me, man, I feel great again. Yeah, you just need more electrolytes, bro. You got it really up your electrolytes. When you're fast in or if you're on a low carb diet. So even when I'm not fast and I drink just two or three times a day, and I feel way better. And this something about this makes you a little less hungry too. But you just feel so much better when you drink one right before this. That's only reason I'm function. Right now. It's really effective in your fast and on a low carb diet. This is a must. The other should just be optional if you wanted to make it easier. Not necessarily this. You can definitely get up your sodium, potassium, and magnesium. This is just an easy, convenient, delicious way to do it. They should fucking pay me. I am a good at selling this shit. I'm gonna find those white people and tell them they need to pay me. Those are the tips, man. For doing it. And if you do it, I'm telling you, man, you just get super ripped. So I remember some people would say, yo, the whole brand is all steroids. He's ripped all your route. He can't be ripped all your route. No one can do it. No. Fucking moron. I don't take pictures of myself and post them when I'm not ripped. We're kind of dummy would do it at. What a fuck. What I just should like that. I fucking would do shit like this and then film a ton of content. And then post that for months. That's what's happening tomorrow. This is why I've been fast here. I mean, we're gonna film like 50 videos, take pictures all types of shit. And that's gonna be my content for the rest of the quarter. That's a little bit of a brand. It's been ripped. That's why he's all steroids. He's ripped here real. No one can be ripped here around. Still dumb ass up. Look, I got an asshole. It takes pictures of himself when they don't look good and post them on the internet. That's fuck. If you want more information on this, I wrote a longer, more comprehensive article on fasting on the benefits of the 48 hour fast. The link is in the description. Go check it out. This is a quick read in this free. All right.