Your baby seemed. My parents keep telling me money isn't everything and I need to spend more time with family But most of my family aren't on the same time as me. What should I do? I hear a lot of people say money's not everything money's not everything Who's out here saying that money is everything? Of course the money's not everything dummy money's not even the most important thing in the world You know what the most important thing in the world is oxygen is the only thing in the world that you cannot survive without for more than a few moments Right you can survive without your family for a few minutes for a few hours days You can survive without money for days You can survive without food for days. You can survive without water for it like two days You can only survive without oxygen for a few minutes until you die. What's the record? That's what Chad GBT is for her. I look here. How long can you survive without oxygen without oxygen? Without oxygen the human brain can start to suffer damage within about four to six minutes Survival without permanent damage becomes unlikely after around ten minutes as enough bitch Oxygen is the most important thing, but the reason we don't fucking talk about oxygen all the time is because we have it in abundance We don't worry about it. However. You started to suffocate for a few moments Oxygen would be the only thing you could think about you wouldn't be thinking about family money. Nothing else money is the same way money is like oxygen You need to have enough of it so you don't have to think about it the same way we have enough oxygen that we don't want to think about it But unlike oxygen money you can run out of you're not going to run out of oxygen. It's just always here You got to keep getting more money and you got to make sure you have it in abundance You know money's not everything there's other things going on right? Well people say they need to spend more time with family I get it if you have kids But like you guys in your 20s talking about you need to spend more time with family. What are you talking about spending so much in mommy? Is that what you talking about? You spend two weeks out with your mommy already that's what you're talking like a bitch you should go out and be something You know and the truth is like money makes you a decisions All right, you would be watching this on a better device in a better house You're going to the best house available you had the best house you can afford you would do more things for your family You need community if you had more money you would be living it a better crib You'd be driving a better car. Lot of y'all would have better spouses if you had more money Right you get what you could afford. I don't mean like buying girls. I mean like if you fucking poor Man you got to find a girl who's willing to fucking marry a poor guy and in my experience Well, that is cheap as long as yet that they're only opt or maybe they see some some potential when you but whatever Man's like money ate the most important thing But let's not demonize that act like it's not important because it definitely is when his natural disaster Some of the world would have asked you for they don't actually go in this man We just had to earth quick over here. We need y'all to spend more time with your families. No, I mean they say they'll give us some of that money Man, we need money when you money when you fucking go to church The one that passed around the offering basket. They don't say hey man don't put no money He'll probably meet it just spend more time with your family I mean they exit for that fucking money When is the disease or something something happened in the world when people aren't troubled? They don't ask you to spend more time with your family to help they ask for more fucking money So let's not pretend like the shit's not important You need to appear to study shell that people would more money actually live longer middle-class people statistically live significantly longer than poor people and People in 1% live a whole decade longer statistically than the middle-class people and not only did live longer They have longer healthier lives just tons of studies to back this up. There's no version of reality We'll more money would be left at advantageous this important. Let's not act like a sign of port But now if you want to spend more time with your family though, that's cool Just putting me calendar is a hundred and sixty eight hours in every week Let's say you slept eight hours in night right because we can't neglect our health You sleep eight hours in night that's a total of 56 hours that leads us with 112 hours each week right if you worked 80 hours Let's say you worked 80 hours you're working at capacity to get this money. That's gonna leave you to about 30 hours left I mean how much time do you need with your family? You know how much time do you fucking eat with these people a lot of times people say me and what about you and then clean And then doing when you know what else likes to eat and my experience family members enjoy eating food as well So y'all can eat eat with them. We're about going in the grocery store Man yeah, get out of the so go do the run do these chores and run these errands together What are y'all spending time doing watch TV now, man? We need to spend time getting shit done. Hey, man. We gotta get groceries. Let's all go to the grocery store as a fam And we gotta clean up man. Let's make this fun and clean up together You know what I say and do you need more than 30 fucking two hours a week? How much time do you need with them? Put it in your calendar if you got a girlfriend or kids maybe got some other shit going on You know, I get it But if you wait guy kids, man, and you just talking about spending time with your mommy and daddy and you were in a dog There's not the fuck up, man Go get the work brother make some of yourself if you got your own band. Leave it in this a little different listen brother I stop listening to my mom for advice a long time ago right just because you know She's cool. I love her very much, but like I don't be asking her for advice. I'm gonna dog You know, I give the advice out here. You know, you got it. You got to make you on the scissors brother It's the same time when it comes to listening to Paris. I got sent away to military school in the last 14 because I got it Travelling I haven't lived with my parents since I might not be the best person to give you advice on what fucking being a parent But I have a son he's dope. You can still hustle. I've been working 80 hours a week for like almost 20 years in a row And I love it if you love what you do is fine, man Don't let these motherfuckers tell you they love what you do is a disease some people might like you Oh, you I don't want to work there. I got to enjoy life. Oh, man I didn't tell you to work at some you didn't enjoy dumbass right? You can pick whatever you want for me I love helping people accomplish their fitness goals. I put myself in a position where that was my career and Because I love it. You don't feel like I work in 80 hours a week, but even when I worked fucking regularly as jobs You know, I worked for moving company sub we're securing but I had a goal a bigger goal in mine I wasn't working to survival if you're working towards it with a goal You know, okay, you know, I'm doing this now, but this is step-and-stone to my next level Then you can enjoy it because I recreation is not the only way to enjoy life Some of us enjoy life by pushing ourselves seeing our far we can push on ourselves seeing how much of our potential We can actually bring to the surface if you only enjoy life with recreation or activities That makes me sad right because then you lived that lifestyle worse like Though the kids from the moon or they got it as Friday I'm like oh, I don't even be known what day it is sometimes. I know the date right, but like sometimes Oh, should today's Friday Today said it okay. I'm not out here waiting for the weekend I enjoy life every day because I learned to enjoy pushing myself and seeing when I made up and fulfill them up potential Don't let nobody tell you it is wrong to follow your dreams even if it's your parents Don't let nobody tell you that if they try to tell you that man your fuck what they talking about it's okay They ignore them. I know it would be all the time If you if you want to get money and you willing to put in the work that I applaud you do was a time We're men who worked super hard to accomplish their goals for themselves and their families were praised Right, but I guess all this work like balance sheet world got super soft and everybody They think that well fucking lights a fucking playground But I want to shit his to fan you know the people who built up the enough resources I don't want to be able to support everybody and the people who didn't I gonna be out here fucking cry and complaining You just got to stop which side of that coin you want to be on it's a recession every 10 years on average We're about to for another one big one I fact we're overdue so when it happens what kind of circumstances you want to be everything ain't about right now It's about the future too. Okay, like I said before you got to find this best if you could find something that you enjoy I enjoyed helping people come to the fitness goals with personal training that I started my online training business If you want to learn how to start your online training business I got a free ebook called the Ten Commandments of online training the league is in the description