When this video I want to break down a simple trick you can use to actually help change your circumstances by changing the way you look at them. A lot of times we'll encounter challenges or difficult situations. It may be seem so daunting or so arduous that we find it difficult to muster enough courage and enough ambition to actually attack it. And as a result, a lot of people give up, quit, cow or pal, act like hoes. But we don't want you to do that. We don't want you to attack your problems, attack your situations like a champion. Because your life will not be an unbroken boulevardering light. Your life is kind of a series of tragedies that you have to navigate. But I'm about to teach you a mental trick that will help you navigate life's problems more effectively as they arise. This is called refraining. This comes from a call New Orleansistic Programment or NLP. That's why I first learned it. It's a way of changing your perspective on different situations that you may encounter. For example, you may have reality, but there's two types of reality. Objective reality and then there's subjective reality. Now, objective reality is really just what happened. Right? Subjective reality is your interpretation of what happened. So, for example, when Trump lost the election, that was the objective reality. He lost the election. Right? Subjective reality, according to my friend, was the election was stolen. And he needed to overthrow the government. So he ended up being one of those people who rushed the capital home. And there's a picture of him hanging from the rafters. He went to prison because his subjective reality was the country was falling apart. Objective reality, yeah, election was lost. Right? But he was subjective reality can have you what I like to call, tripping. What I also want to show you how to take a negative situation and make it positive through your subjective reality. Oh, what you can think about this is it's almost like there's objective reality boom. And let's say this is you, right? In your experience, it's objective reality. Boom. You're looking at it. You see it through a lens called perspective, right? So it's filtered through your perspective and you look at subjective reality through your perspective. And that creates objective reality, right? Or your reality. If your perspective is negative, then what's going to happen is going to color reality negatively. Right? If you're looking at it through a negative perspective, then that's what is how it's going to look for you. However, if you look at it from a more positive or neutral perspective, then that's how it's going to look for you. Right? Two people can see the same event and the experience of different ways. Now, how do we change our perspective? Well, it's something called reframing. And reframing is something that is a way that you change your perspective on things. If my flight gets delayed, I'm at the airport. I see people flipping out acting crazy. Yelling at the plane, waitress. And instead of flipping out, you know, the objective reality is like the plane is going to be like. So I just look at it to the perspective of, this is the opportunity for me to practice patience. And because I reframed it as an opportunity to practice, I actually do that I want to improve, then it becomes a positive situation for me. And use reframing to what to influence your what you're perspective. Right? So we insert a reframing. Right? So reframing. Right? So for example, with the airport, I reframed it as, okay, this is opportunity for me to practice patience. And because I used that reframing, that reframing changed my perspective, which changed my relationship with reality. It's all real, but it's just the way I'm looking at it. That makes sense. Reframing changed the way you look at it. This is probably one of the most powerful mental techniques that I've come across. And I use it all the time. Another reframing is when I was going to quit drinking. I just said, I just don't drink. My sister, she wanted to stop drinking. She didn't have a problem. She just, you know, she just get no dirty and didn't want to drink anymore. Right? But she was trying to limit her consumption. And then everyone was watching. I can have some more. And next you know, next you know, she, she wasted. Right? The way she looked at it, she was trying to limit her consumption. I took, I gave her a reframing. I said, listen, abstinence is easier than moderation. Just look at it like that. If you just gave it up completely, instead of trying to do a moderately, it will be easier for you. And when she looked at it from that perspective, it was almost easier for her to quit. So she hasn't had a drink. She told me the other day in months after I gave her a reframing. So let me explain her reality was she wanted to quit drinking. Her subjective reality initially was it's difficult to stop drinking, you know, social stuff. And I said, hey, abstinence is easier than moderation. I gave her a reframing. And she said, oh, you're right. And then now she just, she does, doesn't drink. She said it was, it was definitely easy for her, right? Because now she's looking at it from a different perspective. Another reframing that we've used in a fitness industry when I trained in clients is sometimes that we like, oh man, died in it's just hard, man, because I'm hungry. And I said, no, man, that's not hunger, man. That feeling you feel, that's not hunger. That's your body burning fat. That's what fat burnin feels like. And I gave them that reframing, right? And what happened was they started to actually enjoy the hunger a little because that man, this is how I know the fats burning. Right? Because you got the Burmour cows as you consume, so I said, no, that's not that hunger, man. What you feel? That's the fat burnin. That's what fat burnin feels like, man, that's how you get ripped. That's how you know what's working. I'm going to give you another one. And then I'm going to show you how to make your own. Every time I do something difficult, right? A lot of times people see me, they wake and see me waking up early, four, five, 30 in a morning, you know, working hard all day, you see my calendar packing, but I mean, you sell discipline. Man, you work so hard, man. And I can tell that anything is difficult, but they don't know. I use the reframing because I do these things that most people think are difficult. I'm better than them. That's a cycle reframing, but that's what I think about it. For example, I was at the dinner with some friends and family, and then, you know, I bring my scale with me to the restaurant, the way my food, you know, I do it discreetly, nobody really is not a big deal. And somebody's like, man, that's a lot of dedication, man. I can never do that. And I just said to them, ah, you know, different strokes different folks, whatever. But in my mind, I was thinking, right, bitch, you'll never be like me. I'm way better than you with everything. This is not even the fucking most impressive shit. That's what I was thinking. But I just said, oh, man, you know, man, you know, you got to find the works for you. Because I had this reframing, I enjoyed the discipline. I enjoy doing things that most people find difficult because I've changed the reframing. Oh, this is what makes me better than everyone. Whether it's true or not, that's how I'm looking at it. Right? So I took something that should be difficult or arduous, and I refrained to make it actually pleasurable. This is the way you can create reframing, right? When you encounter a situation that's difficult or something you want to change about yourself and it seems arduous, you want to look for the positive. Look for the positive. Who can come good out of it. Now, sometimes things are just bad. It may be nothing clear that's good out of it. Then you could look at how can this situation make me better, how can this make me better? Two years ago, I was going through a situation. It was pretty difficult for me. I don't want to get into it. The reframing I used to help me was, this is probably not the last difficult situation I'm going to have to deal with. And it might not be the worst. So if the next one is worse than this, because I handle this one, I'll be better equipped to handle it in the next one. Or if the next one is not as bad as this, it'll be light work compared to this. I'm going to use this to make myself more resilient. And because I used that reframing, okay, I'm going to use this to make myself more resilient, I was better equipped to handle it a situation. Because I couldn't find nothing positive in that situation. Sometimes it's clear. Sometimes it's not. Sometimes you've got to look at it. Okay, this is just training. And a lot of times you're going to have to use that one. My son, if he's having a tantrum or something, this is opportunity for me to practice emotional control. I can't let it tire or control my emotions. I got to be in control. I say, okay, this is a situation. This is training around. And if you do this, life becomes like a training ground. Because you are going to deal with a lot of situations. It's going to be negative stuff. That happens to you all the time. The reframing is the best way I found to actually change your perspective to make these things easier to deal with. And you can do this for anything. If you're trying to quit something, you're trying to quit cigarettes or quit smoking weed. You're just like, okay, this is strengthening my will pal. But you got to be able to come up with these anytime you in the counter difficulty. If you look at it from the perspective, that's how it will be. I have another video that I want you to watch. All about dealing with difficulties. Check that out right now. Thank you.