It's the only hobby that you can take with you everywhere you go and get respect. You could be the richest dude in the room and nobody would know unless you were arrogant enough to say it. Yeah, but if you're... C'mon everybody got to know. Everybody got to know. Is that a no man? I want to ask you about stuff. Up until the surgery. Every time I saw you, you had no one even sharp suits, man. Can you tell me the background how you got in the suits? Maybe why you wear them all the time? You know, because it looks super fly. And it's kind of like your brand now. Yeah. How that come about? It's just like anything else, man. I happened slowly over time. I remember being a little boy. I saw a business man one time wearing a suit. I didn't know what it meant. But I knew he's about some business. And so I was like, man, one day I'm gonna be a business man. And the route took me through construction. I'll find with that. But you can't really pull up to job when I'm one of these. So people would imagine that. It wouldn't even go well. Yeah, I update some construction in my life. It wouldn't take it well. But I always loved it. And I remember when I was building my construction company, I would go to Berlin to co-factory and buy a suit for $150. And there's a sweet little black lady about 90 pounds and I missed pot tan. This pot tan thought I was just the most handsome son of a bitch on a planet. And she did. And she was right. And she would cut my suits for me. I'd go see her and then we'd adjust them. She would tell her for you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She worked in Berlin, and she had like her own little shop. And I go see her. I just love the way I felt. And you know how they say that you look good. You feel good. You play good. Yeah. I remember from ball one in like I roll my sleeves up and tuck them in. You know how you do it? How you tap them? Tap them? I can't help bad it pinch my arm. Yeah. Yeah. And then you boy I tap before you. And they roll it. Yeah. So like the construction company started gain success. And about that time I joined the war room. And it's definitely part of our culture in the war room to dress. Well, Tristan's always in the street. Tristan's always on it. Andrew's not always in Su Satham. He doesn't have a shirt. Or Tristan always has a suit on it. Half time Andrew's naked. Tristan for the most part. Yeah. As they suited up. It was good for that. It was a big part of the culture in the war room. Yeah. About that time I started the online thing. And even like building the fatherland in, you know, go social media. You know, that's right. I started doing the podcast. I was wearing a suit then. And honestly, I fell in love with it. You know, you look good. If you feel like you're about it and people treat you like you're about it and treat you. And like it's easy to pick up that phone and make that extra phone. Falls is your suited up food. And I think that's really important. And then to be quite honest with you. Yes, it has become a part of my brand. It is a part of my brand that I love. Yeah. No, I think that people underestimate just how powerful your wardrobe can be. Bro, in your life. For me, it's like putting that Superman cap on. Let me go in his booth real quick. Both in cufflinks on make sure all this shit's locked in. You know, I pay a lot of attention to it. And it's not because of anything other than it makes me feel like it's not a other than it makes me feel. It makes you feel different the way you present yourself. How is it? But it also has an effect on other people. You know, if you read, um, one of my favorite books is influenced by Robert Childean. He sights how powerful like Susan General are, but just dressed as like a whole part of about a entire thing. It's the chapter on authority. He cited a study where they would have this guy. He would cross the street dressed like a regular guy. He would cross street out of red light. And not many people will cross with him. You know, sometimes when people cross the street, it wouldn't follow them. They put this same motherfucking assumed and like way more people would boil with them. So also some self-conscious shit. Right, you know, and it's a natural. Why not take that advantage? Why not? Like, if you sell every advantage they'd have. Yeah. And then that's the other thing too. Like, a lot of people, they might get to a certain place in their life and they stop looking for advantages. Not me. If you tell me I can pick a 1% tomorrow. Yeah. By doing one little thing. Yeah. I'm going to do it because if you get 1% here, 1% there, you get ads. And things that give you 1% that you get 10% better. Hell yeah. You know, that is like different. It really, really fast. So I'm constantly reading books. And I'm constantly trying to figure out better ways to do the online thing. I mean, then you talk about it all the time. And you can catch that 1% somewhere. Do it. Even if it's in here. Yeah. Because if it's in here, you will manifest it to be real. That's a fact. You know, your body goes, your mind takes it. So if I'm putting this on every day and having to look myself and not. And I look like where I'm going. Then I'm going there. Yeah. It's not even thinking to make it. It's not like being to you believe it. Yeah. You know, because when you believe it, you have hope. It's real. You believe it is action. And that's what the homey Jesus is saying on it. So maybe if you have enough. If you had a faith of a must to see, you know, nothing would be impossible to use. It's a move mountain. Sometimes it gets tired, makes you believe yourself more. It should. It really, really should. It's definitely something that's worth investing in. Spending time on. That's the other thing. I think people don't really hear enough about style. They hear about how to do it. Yeah. But you have to understand. It takes a commitment of time and effort to actually get it done. That's not going to fit you right the first time. This is a new time. I was looking at it that it's not slides. This is the Sachi time. Or just for you first time. Yes, first time. No, it is Louis. My bad. Say, I don't wear this ship. Somebody bought me this time. Yeah. It's not like I've never worn it. And I said, you know what? I'm aware of a brand new ship. Because I know brand and like stuff. So. What it takes time to get your pants right get the taper down just how you want it to hit. You know, because some guys like to go higher water. Some guys want to do socks. I want to be classically. Yeah. Handsome. It takes time and it has to match who you are. And you have to feel good in it and has to be authentically. You all the way 100%. It's got to be you because when that happens, that comes off of you. So the confidence comes off of you. And just in the small things, I've said before on podcasts, like somebody has asked me, why are you so dressed up? And I looked at that person said, brother, we're wearing the same outfit. It's the tailoring. It's making sure it fits you a certain word. It's making sure you feel good in it. Making sure that like the smallest details are taken care of. But you'll never see me wearing a gold watch and silver cuffs. Any watch out where the cuff links and the talk clip will match. Come on, man. You have to look at these things because these are the things that people are noticing. It's not a subconscious love. Yeah. The person is very well put to get in. And what does that tell them? It tells them, hey, this person takes themselves seriously. This person sees themselves at a certain level. There's a standard here. You know, case and point. You know, you talk about like suits being a little snug. I think a suit should fit you like a glove. Yeah. And that keeps you honest. Because if I put these pants on, and I feel like I can't keep them on, and they're going to, our, some is going to roll over on me like I'm going to be a little fat ass. Yeah. It'd get you a line quick because I got too much invested in these suits. It'd get fat. I bought a bunch of custom suits. It's like your son. I bought like eight custom suits. And I was wearing one yesterday on fresh and fit. Always wear my suits when I'm on fresh and fit because it's cold as fuck in there. Shout out to the boy. Shout out to the whole windstorm. Another day, man. Just to see them. But I'm bigger now. I'm bustin' that on the arms. And then like, you know, my legs, my hips and my fucking groups are bigger. So I get it. I have to change underwear for the same reason. How does that affect? You know, for the fitness guys, just shot just buying new suits fucking, you know, or can I get that in? I would get it adjusted. I can't. For sure. In your waist. Now, you can always go with the sides. The lips are not saying here. I'll show you. So all of mine have the eggs. Oh, you can always adjust. You can get a couple inches right there. Okay. See mine were just fucking tailored. Like to. No, no, no, no. So they want to leave a little room because you're going to fluctuate. Either you will fluctuate a little bit. Now, you're probably the most consistent person I know. But me, I'll fluctuate 10 pounds. Especially with these surgeries. Yeah, the surgeries. The average guy, the not Brandon Carter, the one that doesn't have the problems that his arms got too fucking big. Yeah. That guy, if he leaves a little room for that adjustment, he can still pull it tight. I personally think it looks better to go without a belt. Yeah, I didn't wear a belt. It's a smooth look without the loops. Yeah, because what that does is even come across with the part here. It's clean. Belts get in the way. They get old. You got to put new holes and then they get busted up. Yeah. So I don't do belts with my suits. See, this is all your suits custom now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They don't have to start with that. They can go to fucking just get a regular. Yeah, it's just like I said, Miss Pottenham, man. What I would do, I went to Burlington and I would buy a suit. Yeah, it's take it to the tailor. So if you're a young man, if you go get a suit from H&M, let's say. And it's almost there. Take that thing to a tailor, get it pulled up in the back. And you look like a million bucks. Oh, espresso has good suits. First credit card was expressed. My pitch came out. I had the whole hitch style. I was doing jackets from express and the button ups and stuff like that. And I go to a club in it. Oh, shit. But it wasn't really a club because it was in the north of Louisiana, where I went to college. So it was basically a hockey tank. Yeah. Yeah. It was a phase. No, it was ratchet music and you needed a plenty of this. Yeah, yeah, you need one of my first suits bro. I got it from this is grocery store on Queens Boulevard. New York on the side of it. It was just a grocery store. But on the side, there was a suit store. So it's like, oh, it's the suit store connected to the grocery store. And I played like $100 because I also had a rock with this tang suit. And I was like, right, that's it. It was like, I can't wear a tan. I washes me out. Yeah, I can't wear rose gold because it blends into my skin. I wear rose gold because of that. Yeah. We got opposite problems. So I'm wearing the tan suit. He had the fucking blue shirt. And I ended up with the tan. I was like, oh, that's flat. So I went and bought that man with the grocery store. But you can't suit. And I got that suit tailored though. I went to the tailor and that she was flat. It only lasted like, you know, a year. Then it started falling apart. But yo, that year. That was $100. Well spent. Yeah, I would challenge any young man to spend $100 to $300. Yeah, that done. Wear it for a full weekend. Go to Starbucks into your emails and watch out. You feel it'll change you in a very good way. And it'll drive you towards better things in your life. Yeah. It'll drive you towards what would I have to do to be able to be in a position of where a Suerry saw the time. Yeah. Doing it when I wanted to. No, things like that. I say that about atmosphere. Just like go to LA. Go to Miami for a day. Feel it. But you could also do that with yourself. Clean your vehicle. Completely detail it. Yeah. Next lay that suit out. Next morning pull up to that Starbucks. Yeah. Get your stuff out. Set your work station up. See how well you work tomorrow. Yeah. It's going to be different. It hasn't effect on you. That's why Jordan Ward new shoes every game. You say he said he just had a second mental thing. You know, it's mental. On the job that had back in the day while was pretty dark at the protest door. They gave me a protest suit. And they tailored that suit to me. And all we walking around man with the suit on is we're minimum up because you get out the wave. Kids are bumping in. You're some of a scaring. I'm sorry. You know, like I'm like 25. Let's call him. Sir ladies like it too. You know, it doesn't book over here. The evolution of the desire. It was a steady same guy where regular clothes. They put in the same guy in the suit. We met that he was way more attractive. You know, that's a if some of you're interested in if you're trying to get more girls. It'll probably help. Much of a loser. Huh, trying to get girls. You need to. Girls. Even if it's not a suit. You know, you want to dress for the guy. You want to be. Because I don't wear suits a lot. But then in my, I'm in the fitness industry. I like right. So this is kind of like I want to show the arms because it has an effect on. The right. Not demigrant housing. You know, but I wear suits when it's appropriate. And it's not just suits, man. You know, like we go on air is borderline, right? Our sweatpants on his boat. But Eric has his boat game down. Resort it. Yeah, he's stupid rich. He wrote he's all this is business for like 150 mils. And so long story short, he's got some boat wear. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, you have to look his style from the angle of almost all situations. Yeah. Every day, I remember being in college. And I would wear the football hoodie outfit. You know, or my sweatpants football. And I never forget a girl told me she goes no matter what you wear to class. It looks like you got ready. And I fucked myself. That's right, bitch. The point I'm trying to make is that you should always think about what you're going to wear and how it looks. See, regardless of whether it's, you know, casual fitness clothes. Yeah. Going on someone's boat. Going to a dinner, your day to day, even the gym. Dude, I can't wait to go work out again. Yeah. It's been six months. But one thing I remember that when I was super passionate about going to the gym, I would wear certain shirts for certain muscle groups. Oh shit. Now, to talk about when you look at you play good, shoulder day, I had these night when Nike dropped it. It's like kind of first popped off, sleeveless Nike drop it, long, baggy basketball shorts for shoulder day. Like, I showed them I like, early, or early, two thousands. Yeah, yeah. Like, why wouldn't you wear the shirt where your shoulders look the best when you're doing shoulders? Yeah. Why wouldn't you wear the shirt that made your chest or your back look the best when you were doing that muscle group? You know, I tested a lot of that shit when I was a fitness model. They had, they had, they had you come to like this shirt and Nike showroom. And they went to see how I looked on people when I was one of them. My goal is always to look like the mannequin. Yeah. I was the mannequin. Yeah. We like it or now we don't like that. You know what I'm saying, right, I'll put that guy. But I remember having it on other, you know, I feel like I'm ready to go do some athletic shit. You know, if you know, it's tricky for you. And even for me, man, like I have trouble buying, buying clothes a lot. For you still tall. And you got brawls showed it's like, you're a shit. You know, so they don't make the average of marriage shirts or pants. Yeah, they're making it for the masses to be able to wear it. And so you kind of have to find what works. Even my desire should, like, it, like when I wear like Gucci or Louis, you can have it. I have it. They'll do it for freedom. Oh, cool. Yeah, because they better on every one came better. Yeah, it's, I buy like shirts from Gucci. They tailor for me. I'm saying, because the, the waist is never going to fit you. Yeah, you're going to have to buy that shit. You, you're going to have to belt at least a large, but probably an XL. Yeah, it have them tapered hand. I'll do it all my clothes. So that's what I mean by it. It takes time and effort. A lot of guys say, it's not just what you wear. There's a man in a blue suit and then there's a man in a blue suit. There's a guy in a Gucci shirt, a black Gucci shirt. Then there is a man that walked in in a Gucci shirt. And that's the difference is spinning that extra time, the extra attention detail to make sure that it fits you and personifies what you're trying to achieve. Yeah, because it will not be the purchase alone. And that's why I'm with you on go buy a hundred dollar suit. Get it tailored. Get it tailored. Let somebody tell you that it wasn't custom. It wasn't fly. They didn't fucking know. They don't know. That's the cheat code. Like, guys want to dress fancy. Like suits are cheaper than like the Louis Vuitton or the, and so much cheaper. You look more prestigious. And the good news is too is that the suit wears off and you have to get another one. When I just look like you have ten suits. You just keep getting stuff. This game, man. I never felt like I could not have style. Especially now we're in an internet area where everything is getting cheaper and ratio. Yeah. So if you can just find a good tailor, yeah, get a good tail. And rest some time and invest the time into an understand it takes time and a little bit of patience. And man, you can dress as flies anybody else. One thing though when advantage to you have, you know, is you're in shape. So if you get in shape man, it starts every kind of fly. Yeah, yeah, it starts with a man head. So my goal is like to have to be classically handsome. And that means I could go from wearing a suit to being on a boat to wearing just a plain white t-shirt and some jean and some Chelsea boots. Let's say. And look good. That's because of the mannequin. Yeah, you got to be in a lie. You got to be in a lie. Good. And it's a little parts and pieces, right? Right. That's the good. So let's say you're wearing a white t-shirt. Yeah, but I bet I'm going to have my Ray Bands hanging out right here. I might make sure the watch matches the Ray Bands. I'm not going to mismatch these colors. The shirt's going to fit me snug. I'm going to show off. So those years of hard work. The jeans are going to hit a certain way. Doing a taper down to the Chelsea boots. It might be a little too tight, but I have a great ass. And I'm not sorry. When I wear my blue jeans, I need this in my back talk. You need buy today. Yeah, let me get yourself some. Buy it. If it doesn't come out, it's y'all fall. And when you get a shape made, I have a lot of expensive clothes. But the road is shirt is from Sheen. This is some fucking Chinese sweatshop shit. And it's like, I have a lot of the shit. My girl buys a lot of it. I'll bet it to you. But I'm in shape, right? So it fits different. And Ray said different. I was in percent of my shit. It's a different. I always say the fitness is the first thing you should. Fitness is the first thing. It's the only hobby that you can take with you everywhere you go. And get respect. You could be the richest dude in the room and nobody would know unless you were arrogant enough to say it. Yeah. But if you're in shape, come on. Everybody got to know. Everybody got to know. Is that a no man?