In 2020, when we were all on lockdown, I decided I wanted to learn a new skill, and that skill was traded, both swing trading and day trading. And I am the only person I know who was a profitable day trader in their first year. One of the reasons I was able to be profitable my first year of trading was because of this book. It's called trading in the zone. I read this book, I don't know about 20 times that year. Because this is not just a book about trading. This book can be applied to life in general. This is really one of my favorite books. I actually become a pretty good trader. I try a few districts. Now with my own money, I have a prop firm. And I have 20 funded accounts. I have 150,000 dollars to trade with each account. And the prop firm is called apex. This is just yesterday, man. I made about $1,000 each account. Now that's gonna be five years that you get in as a due to the shit consistently. But I've been making a lot of money trading. I want to break down this book for you. If you want to check out yourself, there's also a link in the description. The main point at this book is not any trade in strategy. It didn't talk about trend lines. He didn't talk about how to trade. He teaches how to think. And these lessons can be applied to anything. The author Mike Mark Douglas. He says that trading is more about psychology than it is about the system. The consistently trade profitably. You gotta have emotional discipline and an understanding of probabilities. So this is a mental game. Marx says one of the main reasons why most traders are not profitable. In fact, I think statistically 90% of the traders do all their money. Very low odds is because they can't handle the psychological pressures in an uncertainty. Emotions like fear, fear of being wrong, or fear of missing out. Effect your ability to execute whatever strategy you have. What's worse is overconfidence. Like overconfidence can be dangerous too. This leads to self-ciabatized hesitation, reckless behavior, and inconsistent results. Here's the thing about trend. Let's say you have some sort of edge. Some sort of strategy to get you in edge. When you're trading, you usually trade. You're really guessing that something is going to go up. Or is going to go down. Right? That's what you're placing the bets. Theoretically you have a 50% chance of being right. Like a little bit of a coin. To be profitable trader, you only need to be right. 51% of the time. Almost any strategy you will work is the emotional part where people fuck up. This five fundamental truths that Marx says you need to understand about trading. 1. Anything can happen. The market is unpredictable. Any trade can lose. And you need to accept this. And free yourself of the need to be right. But one of the things that helped me be successful is like I'm not trying to be right. I'm trying to execute my plan. And that is needed to be right more than I'm wrong. If your strategy has a real edge, all you have to do is execute it perfectly. And it was fucked up about trading. Is you can do the wrong thing. You can break your rules and deviate from your strategy and still win. Because you got rewarded. But don't watch them. Not supposed to do. Now you're not going to do the thing you're supposed to do. Because you just got rewarded for it. So you can do the wrong thing and be right. You can do the right thing and be wrong. That's the fucked up thing about trading. But it's also like that in a life too, right? And another thing, Marx says you don't need to know what happens next. You just need to focus on your statistical edge over a series of trades. So it's really about being right more often, not always. You just need to be correct more than you're incorrect. You want to lose sometimes. And that's fine. Nothing more goes to his debt that the market is random. There's a random assortment of wins and losses. Wins and losses are random in the short term. And a losing streak doesn't mean your strategy is broken. So I think a lot of times people will go through one of these losing streaks and they'll abandon their strategy. Or they start looking for other strategies. For me, I've been sticking with the same strategy the whole five years. So people will tell me the other strategy. This is working for me. This is where it means like, yeah, I believe you. But I'm not trying to learn your shit. The homey Bruce Lee said, when I scared of the man who's mastered 10,000 kicks, I'm scared of the man who practiced one kick 10,000 times. So I just practiced one strategy over and over again. And when I say practices and other reason while I was profitable my first here, I did over 200 hours assimilated trading before I put any money on. So I went through the wins and losses and all this stuff unemotionally. And I really mastered my strategy. And I'll give you some more tips on how I became profitable my first year towards the end of this video. And then the next thing, Mars is this, and Edge is just a higher probability. But it's not a guarantee for any single trade that you had to focus on long term. And this is just like a good life lesson. Sometimes you'll be wrong. But it doesn't mean that you are a fuck up or even what you did was wrong. It's like sometimes it just doesn't work out. But you don't want to focus on a sample size of one. You want to see what's happening over a long period of time. Then you'll see if your Edge is really working. Or if you're good at executing that edge. You can win or lose any trade even if you do everything right over a series of trades. Over a series over a long period of time. Are you winning more than you're losing? And then another thing, Mars says is every moment in the market is unique. So don't let past emotional experience influence your current decisions. See the market objectively. So I see this a lot with people trading like the losing. And then I'll start what we call revenge trading. And then I want to get back into it and win and then they, you know, not in that area of emotions if taking control. But the market didn't do anything to you. The market is random. So you just have to look at it like as organized chaos. Your job is to snipe the right moves. It's very difficult for people to understand because in the moment emotions get involved. I want you to think about a casino. In the casino, if you're playing like a lot of the games, you have the same odds of winning as the dealer or the house. That is going to fall the way for all cards. That's going to be randomly distributed. The casino doesn't need to win every hand to be profitable. They can lose a bunch of hands. And as a still repropyl, the thing is that the dealer is going to do the same thing every time. The dealer is not emotional about it. The dealer don't give a fuck. Why have these weights really goes to this all worse so we can go to fuck home. But the players are emotional so they're doing emotional shit. And that's why the house wins all the time. Now you have to be able to act as an unemotionally as possible. Thinking probabilities. Accept the risk. This is one thing that really stuck with me in this book. So when you make a trade, you have to think about how much you're going to risk. All right, how much you want to lose and you can do this with your style blows. How much are you willing to lose on this trade? And then really accept the risk. And what he means by accept the risk is if you really accept it and you're not emotional about it. I'm capable of losing $100 here. Because if you're all emotional and antsy and you're like, if you're tripping, oh, you didn't really accept that risk. Like, on a deep level, you didn't accept that you could really lose that money. You put that bed down. Hoping you didn't lose the money. What Marry talks about in the book is put it down like, hey, man, that money's gone. Another thing Marry point out is to actually take responsibility for your own results. Whether it's good or bad, he says never blame external factors. But other market did this. The market didn't do nothing. The market don't even know you, only. This was you. All you can control is your performance. That's just a real life lesson. All right, you can never control other people. You can never control outside circumstances. You can only control your performance. And you gotta take responsibility for your performance. And understand that you can do everything right. And still, not get the outcome coming you wanted. But the key for success and training and in life is to get more positive outcomes than negative ones. And if you're going to take a risk, you gotta accept the risk. And if you can't really accept the risk, then don't take it. The main thing I really got from this book is really important to control your emotional state. It's probably the most important thing in training. It's a B.S. Congress possible. So a few other things that helped me become profitable my first year was one. I did 200 hours of practice on my strategy before I put any money down. Down low in historical data and going through like just days and days and days. You know Malcolm Gladwell in his book, Outliers, is that you need 10,000 hours to be at experts. I wanted to best in the world. But most of us don't need to be the best in the world as something. To be profitable or to make money. I think 100 hours makes you good at something. If you ever any of you are a played instrument, you know if you practice an hour a day for 90 days, you'll be like, okay, not great, but okay. But the more hours you get, you know, a thousand makes you like really good. A thousand hours makes you really good. Now I have like over a thousand hours of bachelor trade. That 200 hours it made me like, okay, I'm good. I'm decent, I'm proficient. But if you start that with your own money man, this is why people lose their money. Nothing to help me is I've been meditating twice a day. 250 million sessions a day were like 15 years. This is a study done by Howard V. University the after it. Just eight weeks of meditation. The party will bring called the Immigna. The starts to shrink and that's where a fighter flight, fear and shit comes from. You're bringing produces those chemicals. Those neurochemicals that cause those emotions. And that's where you're produced and that made the, that part of your brain starts to shrink, it starts to atrophy, right? So I'm just calmer than the average motherfucking. Not because I'm special just because I've been meditating for like 15 years. That's really else if you're trying to get good at trading. Another thing that helped me, it wasn't my only way to make money. Like I was making money doing some meals. Because I think it would be difficult for me to become and less I'm an emotional if I was dependent on that money to survive. It would be too important. But if I think about it like extra money like a hobby, it's easier for me to become. I always keep making extra money. I never want to rely on this even though like I made 20 grand doing the yesterday. That doesn't mean that man, I better just stop everything and just do this. Fuck no. If I stop everything and just do this, then this becomes too important. Now my son's education and food is dependent on how well I trade. Then I really give a fuck when I train and it's going to be difficult for me to be unemotional about it. One more thing I did, I only trade one instrument. I know some traders who trade other stuff profitably, multiple instruments. But for me man, my first year was S&P 100 futures, right? S&P now I trade in queue futures, right? Nazdeck, we're just because I like the way it moves. But when you trade the same instrument over and over, you get hours of practicing the same one. You kind of start to understand how it moves. Because different instruments move different ways. Like if I started to trade in a different stock or different future or start doing options or something, they move differently. Like when you have sex with someone over and over again, you just start to learn each other's bodies. And a lot of times the sex becomes a lot better because you understand each other better. It's the same thing with trading the same instrument over and over and you start to understand it. That doesn't mean it won't do anything crazy. Anything can happen. You gotta be ready for anything at any moment. You know, trading the same instrument over and over again really helps. So I would say that get $200 a practice on the same instrument. Focus on one strategy. Don't try to look fucking learned different strategies. Don't try to learn a bunch of different tactics because it's infinite amounts of strategies. I really start meditating, man. The best strategy won't work if you're too emotional. Meditating makes you more even killed emotionally. Those would be more main advice. Every this book, man. This book is not even bad. It's not even just about trading. You can substitute the word trading for anything. And this book, I mean, is just good advice. One of my favorite books, not just on trading but just books in general. Check it out. Links in the description. Thank you.