In this video on a breakdown one of my favorite books one of the books that's been most influential to me in my life. I read about two books a week on average over the last one years, and this is one of the first books that let me down this path. I was in my dad's office when I was younger. I was like 17. I was about to graduate from high school and I was about to go to college to Howard University. I was just chilling with my dad in his office and he had this bookshelf for books he never read. He didn't read. He was like a real street dude. They just figured out a way to make some money here. And I saw this book on a waking that giant within by Thony Robbins. And I was like, yo, dad, can I read this? He said, mate, you have it. I didn't read that. I was like, cool. Then books are just decoration for him. I read the books behind me, but you know, so it's all good and they're different shit. I read the book and it really changed my life. It changed the way that I looked at the world. I'm a different person before I read this book. And this is probably the book that I've given away most of the people. I asked for a gift or books that I think were helping them. So a waking that giant within by Thony Robbins. This book is broken down into about 11 different sections. But I'm only going to cover the ones that were most impacted with me. I suggest you actually read the whole book. Do not get the audio book. The audio book is trash. Thony should be ashamed himself. Right? Because the audio book is in a bridge version of it. It's not even the same content. But do not get the audio book as a scam. It's not the same shit. You gotta get the physical book. So check this out. The first part, Thony was talking about the power of decisions. And he really broke down with decisions are. So a lot of the times people say they want to do something or they're trying to do something. I hate that. I don't let people around me say try. They say, man, I'm trying to do this. Like what the fuck is you a fucking tribe baby? I am my students who are coach. How to build all our business business. One, two, say, yeah, I'm trying to get more leads. I said, you what? He said, I'm trying to what? We don't use that propensity around here. We don't use the T-word. We not tribe babies. He said he's trying to get more leads. Like, no, you need to decide to get more leads. This is a difference between trying to do something like a bitch. And saying, oh, I'm going to do this. No matter what. The difference between setting the standard and just wanting something. What Tony says is, you don't get what you want. You only get what you have to have. Right? So you got to make a decision. It has to be a must. Not something you just want. So some people just want to be successful. They just want to accomplish their goals. Right? No, you got to make it a must. It's got to be mandatory because you will not rise to your ambition. You will fall to your standards. Your life is actually a reflection of your standards. The life you're living. If you live in a first world country, right? If you live in some shit country where you got to walk like eight miles for water and then not get it, you got some different problems, man. But you probably now spending your time watching YouTube videos, man. You got to get water, Nicky. Right? But if you live in a first world country, your life is a reflection of your standards. If you had to get more money. If you had to accomplish your goals, you would do it. You would be able to accomplish. Think about all the goals that you set for yourself that you did not accomplish. Where they things you wanted or they things you had to have. I know that answer because if you had to have it, you made a real decision and you would have those things. Because you would put in a different kind of effort. And I learned just when my father killed himself when I was 24. And I was in a position where I had to take care of the family, the fucking young man. And I was like, fuck, now I got to take care of my whole family. I got to let my dad and the financial mess I had to help my mother with. I had to help my sister, her son. And I had to grandma. It was all along me instantly. Think about, ah, you know, my dad didn't have no insurance policies because you can't kill yourself and get insurance. Sorry, you know, like, that's a clause because it was a must for me at that point. That's what I got serious about life. I started waking up before him, training people in the morning, showering at the gym and go, then I went to the protestor and worked 12 hours at security guard at the protestor. After that, I went from my boys moving company. And on the weekends, I trained people and then worked them by boys barbecue restaurant and queens and the story queens for the rest of the day. And these are 12, 14 hour days, seven days a week. I did that for the first two years in my father killed himself. And I helped dig my family out of this struggle. But it had become a must. I had to make money. And this was during the recession or oh wait, it was during the recession or oh wait. So nobody was high. I have a college degree. Nobody was high and we had record levels of unemployment. Level, they had never been that high since the depression. It was a must. But I remember what I learned in this book. It's like when it's a must and it kind of really made sense to me that a decision is different than a good idea or a decision is different than something you want or something you're trying to do. Got to decide. And when I look at other things and I'm like, I mean, I didn't want to get a million YouTube subscribers. I decide it was a decision. It was a must. I made sure it had to try to get a million Instagram followers. I made a decision. It was a must. I was just going to fuck happy. I didn't want to become a multi-millionaire. I decided it all starts with that. Is it a real decision? Is somebody who have to have or someone just want? No matter how many times you fought on them or how many times they have many setbacks you're going to do it. That's the first part of it. Or making a real decision. After that, Tony talks about the power of beliefs and he talks about changing limiting beliefs. Now, a lot of you guys and a lot of people are coach because I coach a lot of entrepreneurs. They have all these limited beliefs that got passed down for their parents. The parents said we can't afford it or be realistic or be reasonable and they don't really believe that they can accomplish these things and they have imposter systems. They don't want to sell them and then beliefs all these things. I was lucky that didn't have that. You always told me how great parents they told me you can be whatever you want. But I believe them. It's some history of my dad. He was a real Chicago street and they could gain motherfucking great gang leader. He never graduated from high school. He never knew his parents. He was orphaned. Literally grew up in the streets. He had finally got a job once he stopped gang banging. He realized he was good at sales and he got better at sales and he started his own business around the time I was born. But we were struggling. We were on a South Side of Chicago. His reputation proceeds. If you want to know anything about the South Side Chicago Watch, Trapler, Vosses, King, Yuban, documentary. I got sent away to Military School when I was in high school. I got in some trouble. You know, none crazy. Fight, skipping school, shootout. We're going to kid shit. When I was around 16 in Military School, my dad's business finally started taking off. He was struggling up until then. So my name is 16 years. He made a decision. He was going to make it. Yuban focused on a strategy for a week or a day and quit. He was struggling for 16 years and then finally started the work. And then by the time I graduated with my school of 17, he was making $3 million a year. Adjusted for inflation, that would be $8 million in today's money. Probably a street do. But he had to work fucking 14 years to do it without the internet. Like the legit no cell phones, none of that. It was way more difficult. So when that month of the book tells me I can do whatever I can be whatever I want. I believed it. Because I saw him do it. But he later fucked up the money. And by the time I graduated from college, he was broke. He lost all his money. Then he shot himself and hit. Right. Boom. So back to school. I went back to being broke again. But I saw that he did it. So I believed. Because I was around. So I wanted to do it. And the way you guys are going to need to do. You need to get around people or things that make your ambition seem more real, more attainable. You got to get around people who are doing the shit. Who have done the thing you're trying to do or are on the path. Because that's going to do what instill you belief. Because the people around you, they don't have, they have doubt. Even if you tell them to go, they might not believe in you. It's not their fault. They're not trying to be fucking shitty. It's just, you probably haven't given them no reason to believe in you yet. They're making the fair assessment of your capability of it to this point. You've got to get around people who think you make you think bigger. Make you believe more. There's a story in the Bible with Jesus walked on water. His reign in the shit is stormy. He walked, he jumped out the boat, started walking on water. And the disciples was like, yo, Jesus. Yo, how are you doing? That's crazy. He told me, yo, you're walking on the water. And Jesus is like, psh. But this light word man, you can do that. You can do that. Yo, Paul, get your ass out here. And then Paul, when he walked on water, Paul was just a fucking dude. He was just a guy. His parents had to fuck for him to get born. Jesus, it was immaculately conceived. Paul walked on water for a minute. He was walking on the water, striding on that bitch, right? Because he saw someone else do it. And then he believed. He saw another person do it. Now later, Paul looked at the water and he felt he started, oh shit, I'm not going to walk. And Jesus, it picked him up, he said, yo, man. Why don't you believe? And I'm saying to him, like a, you use like a fan of you tripping right now. You do how you're making those little crazy, man. Right? He's just because you didn't believe, right? Oh, it wasn't Paul. It was Peter, my fault, man. I begin to, I begin to mix up, man. Paul, Peter. Obviously, that's a fable, right? But I'm just saying, but the point is, believe, it's contagious. I saw my dad do it, so I believe. And then when I moved to New York, even though I didn't have a lot of money, I moved into a neighborhood that was rich. I had a fucking worse department in the neighborhood. I could hear the long-analy railroad go by. So if I was watching the basketball game, I had to pause it because it would be too loud or watch TV, because you could hear people will go by on the train, they'd look in my apartment. Across all sorts of things, it was like, man, just like, multi million dollar man, just as I would see it. And I would go to the gym and those people would be in there. And I started to believe it, I started to feel like it was a real. So do whatever you could do to change your environment, actually give physical environment, and get around people who increase your belief in what you can do. The next thing he talked about there, that I thought was super beneficial, was controlling your emotions. It's probably the most important thing. Up until the end point, I didn't think people can control your emotions. I never even thought about him. I just thought that shit happens, and you respond to it, however you are, right? Tony said you can actually control your emotions. I never really, it was like a mind fuck for me at age 17. Emotions are just basically neural chemicals going off in your brain. Emotions aren't even really, literally just neural chemicals going off in your brain. Serotonin, dopamine, cortisol, like these neural chemicals, different combinations of them go off in your brain, and then you feel things. They're not real, they're literally on your head. However, they do have an impact on how you perceive the world and how you behave in the world. And if you can control your emotions, like a super pal, Tony gave three ways of how to control your emotions. One is your physiology, motion creates emotion. The way you hold your body, the way you move. If you want to get tired right now, you could just start doing this, then like this, after a while you get tired. You want to be energetic, move the way energetic, personal move. You want to be happy, put it happy, expression on your face. This studies this show that expressions of your face or the way you hold your body actually release different neural chemicals in your brain. And these neural chemicals are what emotions are made of. So you can change your emotional state. Within reason, under any circumstances, you can control it or release direct it, and then when you do that by controlling your physiology. So sometimes when I see people looking all defeated and we try to do something like, man, look at yourself. Man, you look like you defeated already, when you're even trying, man, get your shit together. Let's go. Fix your fixifax, sit up straight, man. Like that crazy look off your face, man. Let's go, let's go after this. These expressions are also contagious. We have these things called mirror neurons. It's the kind of the way you see someone yaw, and you, my yaw, those on mirror neurons working. I came in the room looking at you like this. I might change your emotions. But if I came in the room looking like this, I'm gonna change your emotions, right? They're contagious as well. That's why you gotta curate the people you're around because other people can impact your emotions. That brings us to the second one. The second way you control your emotions. First is physiology. Second one is environment. It's your physical environment. Also the people you're around. People can change the mood in the room. You, I know you've been in rooms and somebody came in. All owner, your upset or angry, furious, and they changed the whole energy in the room. Or you see a happy toddler. We're in the room with a toy or some shit. You see everybody light up. Their contagious in that way too. You can't be around people who are always sour. Who's always complaining, talking about how bad shit is, right? Cause that shit is contagious. That's why wherever I go, I call myself the head of state. Cause I'm like, I'm a control to emotional state wherever I'm at. So when I'm around people, I go in there and I'm going to control to say, I'm going, I'm giving people high fives, right? What I'm doing is I'm changing their physiology. I got the positive energy that's exuding from me. Cause I want to influence their state. Not cause I'm a nice guy because I don't want their bullshit state to influence me. One of us got to be in charge is going to be me. And as a result, hey, people like to be around me. That's what we call charisma. That's exactly what charisma is being able to improve another person's state. But you got to control your own state to do that. You just think about it when you walk into a room when you interact with people, thinking yourself is, I'm going to head to state, talking to the waiters. You say, what's going on? You make the waiter laugh, make the waiter happy, you host this host at restaurants. I'm bringing the joy because I don't want them to infect me. Not cause I'm a nice guy. Cause I don't want them to bring my state down. Cause emotions are like quick Sam. What you get in one is easy to stay in one and go deeper into it. I want to stay at a high vibration and a high state. So everybody around me got to be like that. I curate my environment. It's someone's to negative. I don't fuck with them. If they are a negative person by default, and not going to be that way around me in New York, we have an office where our employees were before the plan and demi. And I kept the trampoline in the office and on the balcony. Every time I feel like the state was bare, like everybody stopped, everybody got on trampoline. Cause remember, physiology is a way to control your emotions. You cannot jump on the trampoline and not start small. I've never seen that. The easiest way is the physiology, right? But also your environment. But also your physical environment, right? If you ever notice you in a clean room or a clean place, you feel better, you feel better, right? When your room's on messy, where you in the fucking hood, the hood feels awful, bro. The hood feels hopeless. That's the worst part of it. I'm from South Chicago, right? And it just feels hopeless. And if you're in that environment where things feel hopeless, what makes a lot of sense is start selling crack, enjoying gangs and fucking shooting the ops. I go back to the hood. I know that those kids don't think they're going to be hedge for managers or even a life on some real shit. So it makes fucking. But when you can get into an environment where you can feel the hope, whether you can resonate with the hope resonates, the success resonates, then you feel like you can accomplish more. And you will behave different in those circumstances. See, emotions aren't real, but they are important because they influence behavior to a huge extent. Check this out, blue jade, but she's all, man. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. Yes. She'll do it. It's not great, but you know, how bad can a blow job be? So it's fine, right? But then you end up with another thing. She's excited. She's all fucking excited. She's diving on that bench, like a loose ball at the Super Bowl. She can't wait to go with that motherfucking damn. She's been dreaming about it, man. She's doing this all this shit. So many I don't know what I'm talking about, man. It's the same action done with different emotions has a different result. That's your life, right? You could do the same action. You can perform if you perform it with a low vibration. You don't have worse results than if you perform with a high variation. Let's say you want to be a good father. You're job is, you're not want to be a good father. So you spend time with your kids. But if you're all pissed, sad, or mad, or angry, you spend time with your kids. Now you influence in the women in negative way. So you might be doing more harm than good. You might be fucking him kids up, right? But if you go in there and you all excited, man, yeah, let's go. Man, let's hit the fucking trampoline park. Man, we're going to the basketball game. Palpatron. What's up? You're doing all this shit like that. The kids are happy to see you. Now you, you bring joy into their life. This is why emotions are important. They're not real. They're only here, but they aren't important because they influence your behavior. And that behavior influences your outcome. Their way to influence your emotions is what you focus on. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether it's real or not. When in the home, he's, he's left for suicide. No, Sadie's going to kill herself. And we couldn't find him for two days. I thought he was dead. I was super sad, and I kind of depressed for two days. Because it was, it was, it was one of the homies. Later they found him. He wasn't even, oh, fuck, what even did? And I'm all sad. I got sad about something that wasn't real because I focused on my dead on me, but it wasn't real. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel with his real or not. So what we need to do is focus on where we want to go instead of what's happening. If you're in a bad situation, focus on where you want to go. What's on the gate? If he was learning how to be a race car driver or some shit, they had this drill where they would push a button and the car would skit out of control. And the, the truck said, the only look where the car is going when it starts to go out of control, look where you want to go and you'll start going that way. And then Tony, he's in the car and they hit the buddy. He starts skidging towards the wall. He was supposed to look where he's supposed to go. And then the truck's a grabbed his motherfuckers hand. Tony got a big hands, he had some of his own managers like two fucking hands. And he moved it. He was doing what's been a power list there for Tony's big hands here, right? He moved his head around to where you wanted to go and then he fucking turned. You want me to look at where you're going. Focus on where you go, focus on what you're accomplished, what you're trying to accomplish. Not necessarily where you're at. If you end, unless we're at it, it's good. If we're at it's good. Then when you go through some bed, you then you got to change that folks like you all, man. And I'm still doing better than I did years ago, right? If you look for the good, you'll find it. So you always want to control your focus. Whatever you focus on, you're going to feel whether you want to or not. You focus on where you want to go, you're going to change your focus. And those are some of my main takeaways from waking to giant within this way more and there. Honestly, one of my favorite books is in my top three favorite books of all time. You should go check that out. Links in the description. But another book that you might find helpful, if you're trying to build your online fitness business, I got a free ebook called The Tank Command is of online training. It'll bring down exactly how to build your online fitness business. Even if you're not certified, even if you don't have a big following. The link is in the description right now. All right, go check that out.