A lot of people ask me questions about steroids. People who have made tons of videos accusing me being on steroids. We're long time. Full disclosure, I have been on testosterone replacement therapy for the last three years that I didn't do any performance enhancing supplements before that. A lot of people don't believe me, that's cool. You don't have to. And I know it makes you feel better about yourself to believe that I was on that because that mitigates the feelings of inferiority you experienced. If you knew that I was fucking flexing on you that hard. But so long, I'm not going to go into whether I was on it before. I want to tell you something that I think is better than steroids. If you do what I'm about to tell you, people would think that you are on steroids. The same way they thought I was on. Now I've had videos where I had doctors looking at my blood work and explain all this guy clearly was not on steroids. It's fine. I don't care what you're thinking about me. I can't what you're thinking about yourself. If you believe that I was on steroids, you and you believed that the body I accomplished was not possible. But I want to show you that it is possible so you cheat in yourself. If you believe that. But I want to show you something. This is not to vindicate me. I want to show you what's better than steroids so you can get those great results. Check this out. This is a video from the homey Jeff Nip, I don't know Jeff personally. But he had this video and I watched who's talking about steroids. I just videos call steroids as often. And I saw this one part of the video towards the end. And I thought, uh... Instead of enhancing, I've decided to do something different. I keep thinking maybe I've reached my natural limit for muscle growth. But... Considering steroids, he's like, maybe I reached my natural limit. You can sit in steroids but he wants to do some different. Listen to what he says. Actually, at my daddy limit, or have I just not been training as hard and smart as I could be. I wasn't going to reveal this, but this year I'm doing an experiment with McMaster University here in Canada to see how much I'm asking. I know Canada, I know girls, right? But listen, just pay attention anyway. But what's possible for me to build naturally this deep into my lifting journey. If I do everything perfectly, can I still make gains naturally? So, for this entire year, I've been doing everything 100% perfectly. Now you would think this motherfucker been doing it perfectly. One, because this is job. And his all he makes videos about is the perfect shit. But he hasn't been. All right. Just keep that in mind. Check this out. In the gym. I'm tracking every single set, taking the last set of every exercise to true technical failure. Tracking every single set, taking every exercise through technical failure, right? But, I'm tracking every single set. Let's continue. I'm also committing 100% to my diet. You do hear what this motherfucker just said? Now I fucks with Jeff. He said, I'm committing 100% to my diet. There could what you've been doing now this whole time. Okay. But let's see what he's talking about. I have a missed a single day tracking in my profile. I have a missed a single day tracking. Magros. Keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. What he's about to say. You know, I've hit my calorie and protein goal every single day. And I hit my calorie protein goal every day. He's saying it like I'm a track every day. I'm not going to miss a single day. I hit my calorie and protein goal every day. I'll be sharing my full results at the end of this year. And I can say that I've definitely made some solid gains already. This doesn't all be show up as well on camera. But I've gotten more compliments about having put on some solid size. I'm a local gym. And I've gotten in years. But similar to me, what happens to a lot of guys is that they can see finally starts tracking. I'm not saying he has to. I'm not trying to talk shit about this. I'm a fan of his. I'm fucking subscribed to his shit every time I want to know some science. Fuck a shit. This is my goal to man. You know, you know me man. Every time I want to know something, I go see a site. A white science man. And when it comes to the fitness stuff, he's my goal to white science man. Think of it at their 90 limit. And only steroids will help when in reality, they're probably just not being as diligent with their training and nutrition as they could be. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I've been saying for fucking 15 years. Right. Yo, this is why it's the most important thing. He was about to go on fucking ruins. But he said, hey, maybe I'll just track everything and be diligent and not miss a day. Guess what? I started making more games and I haven't alone top. That's the same shit I've been saying for fucking effort. Right. And this is why everybody thought I was on a road. It's man. But check this out. It's not better than steroids. That was a click baby. Steroys fucking work. Right. But this shit works too. But that steroids work better than what you see me do. Right. Because check me out 10 years ago. Do it's keep this log. Keep it low like this is everyday. Come on man. I've been talking about this shit. Right. I've been on this shit. Every fucking day. Look how many times long ago. 10 months of fucking years, man. Without exception though. This shit he's been doing for a month. I was talking about it 10 years ago. And I've been on this shit. These two pages is one day. And I do that. I do that fucking. And I do that fucking every day, right. Yeah, nigga. Yeah. That's what the same shit I've been doing. But you all don't be believing it until some white man says it. He's saying that's the whole fucking thing. That's my fucking problem. My fucking is unbelievable. I say it until some fucking white man says it. And that's cool. That's cool. That's why I wanted to show you the white man. So you can finally get it. Oh, okay. White man. But I've been saying this shit. nigga. Like listen. There worries work better than this. Cause check me out. Right. It says 11 years. It's like 12 or 13 years ago somewhere in it. Look out. There's always 180 here. Right. Remember I'm six to six to some change. Little bit of chase. Six to one was change. Look at me. I'm fat. I don't think I look back in this shit. I can't believe that this motherfucker had the audacity to make fitness videos. I'm going to be real with you. I don't know what I was thinking about. I'm feeling muscles in your stomach. See, six pack of shock. All right. Baggy ass pants. And some Jordan's. Now I don't show you. No, remember. I've been tracking everything. The shit. The Jeff. Nipper was talking about. He's been doing for a few months. And got gains. I've been doing for. Ever. Every day. No fucking day. I'm going to get into it. Right. I don't know. I'm not saying it's the bra. I'm saying it's not the fuck. You don't just shit. And everybody would think you're on the world. Royce two. And that was 12 years ago. Here's 10 years ago. Right. This is two years later. Check me out. Yeah. I'm super strong. Right. But I'm a little bigger. And you're saying, then crazy. I'm a little bigger. You understand? Yeah. That's impressive. I ain't gonna lie. I don't think I can lie down. I can lie down. No age 42. Yep. Right. But I'm a little bigger around the same size. A little bigger 2 years later. Right. You know, I may make him progress slow. Steer always were better than that guys. I'm a Beyoncé. Steer works really work. All right. Like you can do it naturally. He's on trying to say, and this is eight years. I'm doing every two years right? The Jeff. All right. So this is two. So I'm going every one years. Being a little bigger. Do you work out that for it? Here's four years ago. There's two minutes at Diamond. I'm still like, okay, at this point you just sit. I'm 200 pounds and I checked it out in 12 years. I went from 180 to 200 pounds. Anybody can do that. 2.2 pounds a year. Must, that's what I did. The reason I'm showing you that is a year after that. Right after that, you know, I went on a testosterone replacement therapy because I'm fucking 38 at the time. Going on 39. I'm on an old school Wu Tang, 2 bucks. But 2 pounds, you know, steroids work better than this. However, you don't need steroids. You can still make amazing progress. This shit that Jeff was talking about, I've been doing. Right? I've been talking about track. This is nine years ago, me and my fucking Kino body talking about track it. Any final points, dude? Yo, I mean, you can go to that with anything. Like, not just, like, I always track everything I eat, how much water I drink and every variable, right? So I know it's working as not so if I make some progress in a month, I can look back. Oh, this is what I did right, mate. What can I do to try to optimize that? What can what have I been doing good? And if I haven't made his my progress on one, I can see where I made the mistakes. You see where I work. You know, look, man. I've been on this shit. Shout out to home. Homey Jeff. I need it. I need it. I need it. A white man to tell you all the fucking track everything you eat. It all your macros every day. So you all will believe it. Yeah, I've been a trainer for over 25 years. Like, a thousand, like, literally thousands of before and after testimonials, you know, even if you think I'm bullshit and believe Jeff, don't believe me. But I've been on this shit. I've been so I'll be showing you some more things. This is the old training log. I got from GNC one day. It's like, it's like, listen, it's a training log from 10 years ago. See, I've been training tracking my workouts. That's it. 2008 mega, leanman brothers recession times shit, man. Global Academy was collapsed. I'm tracking my workouts. I'm tracking my diet. You know what I'm saying? Fucking Tuesday. No, I know I can do a muscleer. I don't know if I can do anything. I'm just kidding. What did I do this day? I tracked the workout. I tracked the reps, the weight, the sets. I tracked everything, man. I did two workouts that day. Then I tracked how much water I drank. Come on, man. I've been on this shit. Here's what I'm saying to you guys, man. If you're not tracking your fucking slack. Cause just like Jeff, I had thought about being on steroids for men long. I waited until I was almost 40 to go on testosterone placement therapy. I waited. I waited till I was a fucking old man. Right? If I was a professional athlete, I'd have been retired by now. Ain't no fucking pro athletes in my age still playing. Maybe some golfers fucking chess players. No football players, no basketball players. They're being playing past 40 man. Get real. Right? So I waited until I'd have been a retired athlete and say, You know what, man? Let's get on the jails. I'm getting old. The reason I was in such a great shape. Up until then is because I was doing this shit every day. My man, Jeff. And it really, it almost surprised me when he said, All right, so I started tracking my food every day. And making sure I hit my macros. Every day, I'm like, what the fuck is this? You ain't been doing it. And that's why you motherfuckin' stop. I was on a noise because if he wasn't doing it, I know you ain't doing it. He went in for 10 years. He was saying, hey, most of the young ladies. But if you want to get ahead, if you really want the fuck and take your shit to the next level, start doing that shit. Just track every rep, but every set. Track everything you eat or your macros. Your army say, man sounds like, I'm a track how much water I can take every day, right? I'm sure he's. Here's a study from Duke University. They have some assholes. I mean, some pets are subjects of the study that we're going to focus on this great line. They say, hey, motherfuckers, just track your, what you eat. I know you've been putting anything in your mouth like a horror. They hold life, but for three months, we need you to just track everything you eat. And my fitness path. And they didn't give them no fucking diet plan. They didn't give them no fucking program to put them in a clogged deficit. They tell them to keto, intermittent fast and Mediterranean diet. Carnivore, they tell them, dude, nothing. There was no rules. Just fucking track what you eat, fat boy. And guess what? All of these motherfuckers, lost weight. Just by tracking, they lost an average of five pounds of three months. I know, that's not a lot of weight, but they fucking lost weight. And three months, they lost average of five pounds of three months. What I would have in the diet plan. Imagine if you had a real fucking diet plan. Imagine if they put them in a clogged deficit. This is a sudden showing the track in works. If you're not tracking, you're slacking. There's also even if you want a game weight. The same shit works because if you're not tracking, you're slacking. Make sure you hit your motherfuckin' macros every day. Make sure you hit your diet every day. It's just man, you can't eat rules. But you guys don't know how much protein you eat. You don't know if you're really doing progressive overloads, because you're not tracking your reps and sets. You don't know how much if you're getting enough water each day. It's like you're just kind of doing shit haphazardly. Yeah, I'm just gonna go to the gym. I try to eat good. Shut the fuck up man. My fuck's gonna be like, yo man, how do I get like you? You know what I'm saying? I will see a diet like man. Man, I eat good. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah. You're not tracking? No, no, man. I just try to eat, well, the fucking you will never be like me. You won't be nothing like me. Perfect. No, I'm telling nobody I gave you no advice either, because you won't be here. You are a main one indefinitely. So here's what I do. It's evolved over the years. But now I bring a food skill with me. Everywhere I go. I have these little man persons, right? You know, so we're doing the time, proud of Bendy. I also have some just cheap ones off Amazon, right for what? Like when I'm with my son, little sling bags. And I keep my skill in there next to the blick. And every time I eat anything, I wait. And over our skin, the label. And I track everything I eat every day, right? Without acceptance, like every day, every day, for decades. And people think it takes a lot of discipline. Maybe like year one, it did. Right? But now it's just normal. I don't know what it's like to just put anything in my mouth, like a whore or your mama. There's no way. I don't even know what that's like. Like I was so shocked to hear that. I thought all the fucking thing is going to do. I'm the extremist. I'm one of the only ones I know that takes the skill to the restaurant. I'm being a motherfucking poppy steak. Wings shit. And I'll be at Commoteau. I was at the motherfucking steak house. Other day, with you know, body and Justin Waller broke out my skill for the sides, right? They tell you how much to steak waste. But for the sides, you know what I'm saying? I want to have the cream of spinach. I need to know what that way. And I do it every day. That here's the thing, right? You can't feel because it's just man. If you want to start getting on this shit, like me and Jeff Neppard. If you want to be on some brand and Carter Jeff Neppard shit. So this is from January. This is just one of them. But what you can see is, you know, every day I'm tracking everything. Bro, I'm tracking, if I work out honestly, tracking, you know, if I meditate this day, I'm tracking my macro. Did I hit my macros and that? And of course, 100% of course, you know, see this is the protein. I really focus on the getting the enough protein. It's what I do is also see the calories consumed right? Protein and the calories that are made thing on focus. All right? Then, you know, I see what that is. Boom. Then I also tracked the calories burned in my ory. These are 100% accurate. My ory. Overshoot. How many calories I burned? Not 100% accurate. So I just make sure I'm in a deep deficit right? Because I was cutting this month. And I can see every day how much of a deficit I am on average, right? Because that this is a formula. Yes, what if you want to burn a pound of fat? You got a burn 3500 calories. It's just fucking math at this point. I know how much I consumed and I know how much I burned. 24,000 calories that month. Yeah, I got ripped that month. I got more ripped that month. And it's just math. As long as you hit your numbers every day, it's just math. And again, I track how much water. And I track the other things, but we're just going to keep it on the fitness shift. Imagine if you've been doing this for 10 years. 15 years like me. You think you'd be good check? Maybe we do it for 15, 20 years like me? Yeah. How could you not? So here's what you're going to do. If you want to get on this kind of time. Right? It really started making some big moves. You're going to bring a scale with you everywhere you go. Like me. That's too much stream. Man, that's too much effort. That's too much effort. That's the fuck of me. That's why you fat now. Man, that's why you ain't never a cop just letting your goals make. Because you've been pussy-footed and your whole fucking life, man. Scared to go hard, man. I fucking hate you. Leave. Stop watching this video now, man. Go somewhere and eat a date. Reservive you who stay. Imagine you want to get in great shape. You don't want to go eat a date. You want to learn how to do this, right? So what you're going to do is you're going to keep a scale on you everywhere you go. Get you one in them little sling bags. Get a food scale in there. I keep a little thin one on me. Right next to the blick. And then I'll break it out whenever I need it, right? Then you track your calories every day. Let's say you try to lose fat. Let's say you consume 2,000 calories. Boom. Let's say you do that every day. Let's say you burn 1,500 calories. Which is fucking nothing, man. I do that shit. That'd be a pretty fucking weekday for me. But it's your garlic. Talk about what you can do. Now you see you in a 500 calorie deficit every day. Boom. A pound of fat. It's 3500 calories. You don't burn the pound of fat, that one, right? Let's say you not hit me in Mac or everyday. Let's say you've been in it. I hear fucking up, man. Oh, man. I ate good this day. You want to treat yourself. You little fucking poor. And then maybe you don't work out one day, right? You little inconsistent. You had some drinks at the function this day. You went to the bar. You just went crazy on your macros one day. But fuck you fucking around a game. Wait. And that's how most of y'all do. This is what happens when you consistent most days. You wonder why you're not making progress. My fucking, right? The thing is you don't even know. What's happening? Because you're not tracking it. You have no idea why you're wasting fat forever. And keep getting fat. You're not in sight. Because you're not tracking. If you was tracking, you know what's happening. Because if you're not tracking, you slack. Listen to Brandon. You got to start tracking this shit. Here's the thing. Even if you didn't follow a diet and you didn't. All you had to do is track this shit and you would lose weight. Like less weight. Obviously five. If somebody at your age only lost five pounds. And three months, I'd consider it out of failure. But I do think this is remarkable for a month because it's more than even being trained. All they were doing was just putting the shit in my fitness pal. So imagine that they were just really doing it. That's what Jeff said. He's having started tracking my diet. He didn't want to mad girls every day in man. I'm making games. Yeah, Jeff. I've only been saying that for 15 years. That's what you should do. When telling me, if you're not tracking your slack, and I know people think it's extreme to bring your scale to a restaurant, it is. The extremists are the people who succeed, man. You can't get extreme success without extreme effort. The world's not that ridiculous. Think about it. And you hit, I don't want to bring a scale with me if you were going to a free-to-a-resourer. You think how extreme that is. Imagine if it knows fucker really did that for 15, 20 years. What do you think he would look like? Yeah, everybody would be accusing him of being on steroids like they were with me. And the truth is, I don't have nothing to gain from denying it. I don't still know fitness shit. I don't still know nothing. I'm getting, hey, I don't give a fuck what you think. They give him shit like that's a thing. Like, all you're talking is suck my dick. Right, I just want you to, it's fucking succeed. I'm trying to prove to you that you can win. I want you to succeed and give me the credit. Right, until that I fucking improved your life. Like, for me, the lie to you for no financial gain. I don't have any gain in the front of you. That would imply that I give a fuck about your opinion of you. How about this, suck my dick. I don't care what you think, but I do want you to suck in succeed. I don't care what you think. I think, I just want you to succeed. Because I'm a fucking coach. I'm a trainer and I probably myself on that. And even if you didn't believe it was me, I've been posting testimonies from people I've trained. Literally, dauses. Do you think all of these people are wrong? They were his no man. I made them track their macros. So even if I was on steroids, even if I was fucking shooting here on it. Right, smoking crack. Look at my fucking, the results of the people I've trained. They were fucking track in this shit. Or don't believe me. Believe Jeff Nep. Or believe these fucking duke in the versed, he science nerds. If you're not tracking his slack, dark tracking your diet. I have another video that's going to help you. Exbitite your fat loss journey and your muscle building journey. Hope that you're revest. My video editor is a put that somewhere around here. Go check that out. Me, you, Lee.