Have you ever seen somebody who was winning and it seems like they just can't lose? It seems like they just have victory after victory, almost like their life seems to be an unbroken boulevard of green lights. On the other end, have you ever seen somebody who's seemed like they can't stop losing, they can't catch a break. These motherfuckers are always failing and this video I'm going to explain to you the psychological and neurological reasons why that's happening. And it's based off a book that I read a long time ago is called The Winner Effect by Ian Robberson. Fantastic book I read this sit in like 2015, 2016 and I've used a lot of the principles in this book to build several multi-eight bigger businesses and to achieve massive success in multiple aspects of life. So what is the winner effect? It basically looks something like this. You have some sort of victory, you win something. What happens is you get a neurological effect where it actually raises your testosterone and dopamine that dopamine and testosterone that gives you more confidence. And that confidence makes it more likely for you to win again. And it becomes almost like you have heard of a downward spiral, it becomes an upward spiral. Because every time you have some sort of victory and the book goes over it is and they show studies in both animals and humans that any sort of victory causes a huge increase into testosterone and dopamine. This increase into testosterone and dopamine is actually one of the reasons why people win more. It's like the win more to become more motivated. They become more focused. Their bodies and brains change on a neurological level. Every time you experience a win and this is how people have upward spirals. But a downward spiral is basically the opposite. Well for example taking pills, boom, they experience a drop in testosterone and dopamine, boom and then they become less confident, right? Which makes them more likely to lose again. This is how downward spiral starts. And you can see this in the sports world. So a good example that they gave in the book, they use my Tyson example, my Tyson when he got out of jail and he went about to get his built back. They set him up with some easy opponents. They called him tomato cans. He beat the shit out of these motherfuckers. And every time you got more confident, more confident than you win in one of the championship, again, that was one of the examples. But you can see this if you just watch the basketball game. If you ever watch the basketball game, you can see how momentum starts to switch from team to team. Like the team starts hitting shots, playing good defense. And next you know, it starts happening more and it's not team's going runs. Right? And the opposite is true too. You start taking pills, you can dunk on. My fuck is this crossing you over. That hasn't effect on your brain and then you start taking pills again. The book cited a lot of research to explain why this happens. We're not going to get into all the signs. Just fucking trust me. Or read the book. I'll be fucking. But you see this sitting in your life. When someone takes an ill and maybe it's you. Maybe you are taking an ill. Maybe you are here losing. Do you have less confidence after a loss or more confidence after a loss? But what you probably noticed is actually changing your brain strength. Structions. So first in the neat understand, winning increases testosterone. But studies that showed it. Even watching your sports team win, your favorite sports team win, actually causes an increase in your testosterone. Just watching your team win because you feel like you're part of it. And their studies they showed it. Watching your team lose causes a mild drop into testosterone. I know that because I'm a bear's fan. I grew up a bear's fan. It's probably while I'm on testosterone replacement therapy. Because I've been a fucking bear's fan my whole life. And these little fucking things being good. Since 1985, they passed up on Patrick Mahomes. They could have drafted Patrick Mahomes when they didn't. I digress. It's just God will be your sphuck. My sister, I just broke. And in an awesome life, winning causes you to your body to produce more testosterone. This testosterone comes in with a huge boost of confidence. And you're more willing to take risks and take chances. That's a side effect as a testosterone. You become less risk adverse. And you're more willing to do risky shit. And it's addictive feeling. But that's coupled with an increase in dopamine. Dopamine is the reward chemical in your brain. Every time you win, you dopamine receptors get hit with a huge dopamine spike. And it makes you feel good. And then your brain wants to do more of it. So dopamine is responsible for drive and motivation. If you ever hear somebody say, man, I ain't got no motivation, man. I just don't feel motivated. That motherfucking ain't got no dopamine. Or at least not enough dopamine. Dopamine is required for motivation. Anybody who's really motivated to go after it, shit. This motherfucking has high levels of dopamine. And you need to understand a neurochemistry of this because you can manipulate it. But these are actual changes that occur in your brain on a neurological level. And how do we harness this winter effect? So we can have warm winds in our life. And we can start this upward spiral as opposed to having this downward spiral. It's a few things that I do. This is not in the book. This is some branding carder shit. I'm rich so you should listen to me. One thing I noticed, my sales team have a large sales team. I noticed that the sales people they go on streets. They'll get one sale and then they start getting a bunch of sales all the time, all the time, all the time. They also go in the slumps. Kind of like a hitter and baseball. All this shit is psychological because the conditions have been changed. It's all psychological but also neurological too, right? Because your brain changed with every winter loss. So what I started doing with my sales team, I did this one, I was the sales person too and this is how I live my life. I want you to think of this drawing. This is a representation of a goal. So the trophy I'm drawing. I know I'm a fantastic artist. Just trying to have to get to distracted by how is he good? So many things. It's a winter effect. So this is the trophy. This represents victory. A lot of us what we do is we associate victory with results, winning or losing. What I told my sales people to do, this is how I got helped them stop all this slumps and the yo-yo win with their sales. I said we're not going to think about the results of whether you get to sale or not. All I want you to do is focus on your performance. Even if you don't get to sale, I want you to show me this call because we require our sales calls. I want you to show me this call and be proud of it even if you didn't get to sale. This is important because you can't control with you get to sale and not no sales person has 100% close rate. It just doesn't happen. It's not reality. There's so many things that can happen to make you not get to sale. Like maybe this motherfucker really does have to talk to his wife because he's using her money or some shit or maybe he's fucking broke. You actually got on the call with a broke boy. He slipped through our defenses and you got on a go with him. Or maybe he's got some shit going on in his life and he just really can't do it. You can't put money in his account. We only want to attribute victory to things we are in controller. So it's not whether you get to sale or not. It's we want to look at your performance. I don't give a fuck if you get to sale and that. All I want is you to put up sales calls on tape that you will be proud of. And I'm going to look at everybody sales call. I'm not going to amount on care about your clothes rate anymore. All I care about is are you proud of that call. And the reason that's important because you are in controller your performance. You can have a hundred percent success rate. If success is based off your performance and not the results. So many things that can happen that relate to results that aren't in your control. The real performance is a hundred percent in your control. So you can have a hundred percent success rate if it's based off performance in that results. So boom, whacked is said instead of thinking about getting the sale they're thinking about their performance on a call. They're thinking about following the script. They're thinking about all the training I give them. Right. They're thinking about really executing it. And whether they get to sell or not, just be proud of it. Immediately the clothes rates improved. Here's what happens. Every call ended up being a victory for them. Even if they didn't get to sell, they still felt like they were winning. Because they were proud of the call. And it was like, man, I did a good job. But I didn't get to sell. I was like, man, who cares about the sale? That was a fucking good call. You fucking killed that shit. So it was a win. So because of that, they did not experience the drop in testosterone and dopamine that they normally would have under those circumstances. Because it was still a victory, even though they didn't get to maybe the result that they were looking for. And what happened was they started to feel better about themselves. There's a social one went higher. They dopamine increase. They confidence increased. Boom. And the results kind of take care of themselves. Right. As a result, they're closed rate increased. All we did was focus on our performance. And that's what you need to do. You want to associate victory with your performance in not the results and everything you're doing. Of course, you want the results, but we can't think about it. We got to think about our performance. When you have a goal instead of looking at the goal, what you want to do is think about our performance and the actions that would lead to the goal. We want to only focus on our actions, not the goal. So for example, if you're trying to lose weight, you want to lose 10 pounds. You've got to have to follow your diet. Focus on following your diet today. Focus on your workout today. Right. How do you perform in a gym? Focus on getting enough sleep, drinking enough water. Do those four things. Just focus on that. And then here's the thing. If you do those four things today, then today will be a victory. The beauty of this is you won't have to wait to you get the results. Because the only focus on the results, you'll have to wait for the results to manifest in the real world for you to take advantage of the winner effect. If you focus on the things you have to do every day, then today can be a victory. Even though you ain't lost no fat, you did all the things you're supposed to do each day. And you're going to feel better today. You're going to start taking advantage of the winner effect immediately. You do all the shit you're supposed to do today. What happens is you're going to experience that slight increase in testosterone and dopamine and confidence. When I first learned this, I was about 16 years old. We didn't have the YouTube or a notion like that. Or we didn't go really barely at the internet. And I was trying to learn about working out. And I used to read this magazine called Muscle Media. And the author was my idol at the time's Godning Bill Phillips. He was the editor in chief of that magazine. Any on the supplement company called EAS. Forcibly Trish. And he sold that company to Abit Laboratories for $100 million dollars. In $2,000, 25 years ago, that'd be $165 million in today's money. He wrote an article in that magazine where he said, if you want to have more confidence. Every day right down five things you want to do those days. And make sure you do those things and cross them off the list. You know, after a month of that, you'll notice that you have more confidence. You're believing yourself more. He was described in a winter effect. Right? I was 16 years old. I was like, all right, man. I'm up fucking through my homework. I'm going to work out. I want to follow my diet, get eight hours of sleep, and do cardio. It can't be simple. She'd like brush my teeth. You know, they had to be shit that was like, you know, a little bit of a challenge. Right? Something you could be proud of. I did this for 30 days like you said. And I started feeling like I had like way more competent to myself, man. And I didn't realize to the latest, I read the winter effect. It actually changed me on a neurological level. Now I take that to the stream and I invite you to do it too. I'm going to show you my habit tracker. It's called the Victory Vision planner. So this is from like last year. So boom, my thing I needed to wake up before five. How many days of the road that I wake up before five? 80, 80% of the time. I felt pretty good. Outwards asleep. I had to go how many hours sleep did I work out? Did I meditate? That's in two. I meditate twice a day. Track my macros. How much protein I get per day? How many calories I can soon be today? You're not tracking your slacken? How many calories I burn each day? I track that with my ordering. And then I see you know I was cutting. There's a formula here that adds up the calorie deficit or surplus depending on if I'm broken or cutting. Boom, how much water I drink that day? I'm just tracking a bunch of shit, right? Here's the thing. These are all things. This is not, this is random. These are things that have to be done in order to accomplish my goals. All of these things relate to my goals. So I don't have to think about the goals. All I need to do is think about making each day a success. Make each day a victory. What happens? Every time I have a victory, I take advantage of the winner effect. Every time I cross some of my shit, it's a win. Boom, I get the increase to testosterone and dopamine and confidence. And I get that every day. So all I need to do to hit my goals is to do the things that will lead to the goals being hit. And I just focus on the performance and not to actually the results. I don't need to have to look at the results. Imagine, if somebody's trying to lose fat and you can see how much they're consuming these days, how much they're burning, how much the chloride deficit they're in these days, do you have to think about if that person's going to lose fat or not? No, you can just look at what he's doing every day and you can see, oh, he's in a chloride deficit every day. He's probably going to lose fat. Yeah, I got way more ripped that month. It's just mad if you could just look at it. You could tell you don't need that to look at the results. All you need to do is focus on your performance. Because that's the only thing you're going to control of as the performance. You're not a control of the economy. You're not in control of if that girl likes you. You're not in control of if you're going to get the sale from that customer. If you're on a team and not in control of what the team mates are going to do or not, you're not a control of who the Chicago Bears are going to draft. All the only thing you're in control of is your performance. But the thing is if you attribute victory, you change your association with victory and success. It'd be in base of your performance instead of the results that every day can be a victorious day. Even when you lose, you'd be like, man, I did. I did my thing, though, right? And I'd give you more confidence to get up again. And then you start taking advantage of the winner-fac. However, if you fuck this up and you are only focused on the results, two bad things happen. One, you have to wait until all your actions manifest into the results for you to start taking advantage of the winner-fac. So you leave in a lot of testosterone and dopamine and confidence on the table. Did you could have been getting this every day, but you're waiting to hit a fucking end to getting it. And if you don't get it for whatever reason, maybe some happens that side of your control, then you're going to experience a drop and testosterone dopamine. And you start to downward spiral. Fuck the results. Folks on the actions. If you only focus on the actions, the results will take care of themselves. This is powerful. This I can use the winner to affect the advantage and it can stop being to your detriment. I have a free habit tracker. You can alter this for whatever habits you want and I have a video to explain it. It's called the Victory Vision Planner and it's free. It's a notion template. All you got to do is click the link in the description and you can download it right now. Don't fuck this up. And also you can check out the book, the winner-fac, the link is in the description. If you want to learn more about this, it's a fantastic book. All right. Peace.