And women don't see you as attractive. You don't even exist to them. You literally are in an inanimate object to them. Men and women who have higher body counts are less happy and a marriage. It's true for men and women, but it's twice as true for women. So if you're the guy who's the five and you want to date the ten, you put her in the f***. You see some different than most of the guys we talked about. Yeah, I was dating, right? Most of the guys saying you should never have female friends. I don't want female friends. And I always thought that was kind of stupid because I just felt like you know, you have more opportunities to date women. If you have a lot of female friends, right? For a variety of reasons, one, you have a female friends that social prove to the other girl. Yes, right? And also those girls have like friends and family members who might want to make a shoot with you. And it's no point. All right. A lot of guys get really been out of shape when they hear the term female friends. So we'll say female teammates. So that you guys don't lose your mind. Having female teammates, people that are in the U Army that are on your side. There's three reasons why you have them. Number one, they give you access to incredible places. You imagine you and me and 10 guys trying to get into Mr. Jones like on a Friday night. It's not happening. We spent a hundred grand. It's not happening. There's not letting us in there. If I show up with 10 girls, I don't even have to pay to get in. I used to go to the Playboy Mansion for free. The tickets were $1,500, but I would bring 20 or 30 girls with me. Like here's a crazy thing in Vegas. I probably like this in Miami. If I take two girls to dinner, this can be $300. If I take 10 girls to dinner, it's free. Because it's a comp. That's the way it works. And also, I go to a lot of self-help conferences. It may be the aspire tour, apex tour. You might go see Tyler, P.S.P. Whoever, when I do, I always show up with girls. Every guy in there is like, who the f*** is this guy? Yeah. Who showed up to this room where it's 99 dudes for every woman. And he's got six hot girls with you. So number one, having female friends get you access. Number two, it makes you calibrated. Here's your dream girl. I'm gonna put her right in front of you. You pee yourself. Your eyes get big, your voice cracks. You start palms start sweating. Your voice gets high like this. Hey, you wanna go get a drink like you? I watch this happen all the time. If I put your dream girl in front of you, you don't have the technology. You don't have the skill set, the strategy. You do not, you don't have the experience. You don't have the expertise, the intuition to be able to deal with this attractive woman in front of you. You start talking crazy. Correct, accurate. But if you're surrounded by beautiful women all the time, which for me, my point of having that is I managed to strip club for four years. And so I was constantly around just naked women all the time. They would sexualize me. Sometimes I get groped in the DJ booth. And I just totally and completely unaffected by their boobs. Like, yeah, they're nudity and physical attractiveness was totally lost a decent society. Completely de-de-synthesized. And I just noticed how insanely attracted they got to me because I was totally de-sensitized by it. That's the second thing is it de-sensitizes you to your dream girl. If you're around a bunch of girls who look like Megan Vox all the time, when you meet Megan Vox, it doesn't turn out a big deal. Not a big deal. Look at that big deal. And number three, here's the big one. Any guy who works in sales who understands anything about referrals, you women introduce you to more women. And here's the crazy part, the girl that you friends own and she introduces you to your friend and you start getting your friend gets what happens after a year. The first girl you friends own, now she has a crush on you. I had a girl I would be like, you got to keep her in a friend zone. You got to spend zone her. Yes, so that's the main thing. You have to friend zone women. This is so hard for people to grasp. If you're a man you've ever been friends zone, it's the worst. I actually would rather be cheated on and get friends on by. You go after a girl and she tries to friend zone you in order for you to get friends zone, you have to accept the emotion. You and I are friends. At no point did I say, hey, let's just be friends. Because we're men, right? But that's the thing, that's the difference. But for the woman, it's like, she says, let's just be friends. What did she say? And he's like, your penis is not worthy. You are not worthy of sexual access. So I'm going to demote you to this position. She hates me called you. Bill, for sure. Here's what makes it worse. All of her other female friends, they know she friends zone you are either a beta male, look like you have a micro penis, whatever it is. I had a friend of mine, a girl that I'm friends with. And her and I are like, she's always had a boyfriend since I've known her. We've never hit on each other. We've been friends for about 12 years. So she keeps seeing me like, I'm not her type. And she's actually not my type, but she's very attractive. All of my clients think she's like the hottest chick ever. OK. So she comes up to my best friend, kindly. Who, man, will get my best friend is a playboy model with three million followers who has gotten me laid so many times. Seriously, like I'd do anything for this girl. Like every time I walk up to a girl with this, with this girl, there's no effort. There's no way. Yeah. She goes up to my best friend, kindly. She goes, how is Michael with hot girls? Does he have a humongous penis? Like how is he always with hot girls? Her reality is breaking because she doesn't see me as that physically attracted. But she keeps seeing me with beautiful women all the time and it's confusing her. And she's trying to square the circle. But in general, that's what generates attraction. So this is a really crazy distinction for those of you really into the evolutionary psychology and the stuff here. Social proof and pre-selection, pre-selection is actually called, make choice copying and human. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make choice copying and social proof are two separate phenomena. And I use to think they were the same phenomena. Meaning, so here's what happens. If you have a bunch of beautiful women with you and they see you on a regular basis of a bunch of beautiful women, two things happen. Number one, women do find you more attractive. But number two, men also want to network with you and you are perceived as higher status. These are two separate phenomena that I was not aware. And it's something that I've noticed is like my favorite podcasters, they generally ask me to come on why? Because I'm surrounded by beautiful women. It's one of these things where it's like, because people ask me all the time about like, Andrew Tate, how do I meet Andrew Tate? The reason why I met Andrew Tate is because I had a bunch of videos of me with like stunning girls all the time. His team message me and then that's how we connect it. Same thing like freshness is all the time. He goes, Michael, you're the only guy who I know who says that he can do the shit. And then when I go to Vegas, everything you say is true. You are surrounded by hot girls. You can get us on stage at every single night club. Why is that? It's because of the networking that I do that allows me that ability. Let's go back to that study that we mentioned before. When people knew each other for a period of time. So let's say a man and a woman meet. If they start dating within the first month, they're attractiveness correlates to a high degree. OK. So the best way to date a super hot girl that you just met is to be a super hot man. Yeah. According to this study, her name is Lucy Hunt. It was did the study back in 2015. Later on, it goes at four, four months, five months. That correlation, it starts at about 0.7. It drops like 0.5, 0.4, 0.3. You can actually be less attractive. But if you've known the girl for four months, it's actually more likely. But here's the crazy part. At nine months, the statistical correlation is not significantly different from zero. That's the exact wording in the study. Meaning there's no correlation. So if you're the guy who's the five and you want to date the 10, you put her in the friends zone for nine months. And the data now completely supports what we teach in men of action. My course, it completely supports this now. And so that's why a lot of people have had a hard time with it because a lot of guys in this space, their angry at women and their been friends owned by women. So the idea of having women help you meet other women, his so-and-athom. I didn't say go to women for dating advice. That's not what I said. When I said was, go with six girls and they get you invited. It's like you're going to the club and they're like, hey, I just got invited to a mansion party. There's like 25 girls and like three dudes there. He said you can come because you got six girls with them. And now you're at a mansion party. You're meeting a billionaire while at a party with their seven girls for every guy. You got access. And let's just say for this example, all the girls that were in your range are overall seven of them, you aren't sleeping with any of them. But when you go to that party, you walked in with seven girls. And now every other girl at the party is like, who the fuck is this dude who just walked in with seven girls? And it's just so it's really crazy because like, Brandon, we can't make them taller. We can change their eye color. We can't change their skin color. We can make them richer. We can do certain things. But one thing is always free. And that is like the perception of status and pre-selection. Those things we can get any guy for free. So San D. from New Delhi or the five foot five Filipino cashier, those guys, if they have pre-selection, they're attractiveness in the eyes of women increases. Remember what I said before? If women don't see you as attractive, you don't even exist to them. You literally are in inanimate object to them. And so that's the thing that's crazy. And by the way, if anybody wants, they can message me. I will show you the studies that support everything. I'm saying, and this is really funny thing that I noticed, Brandon, is when I express my opinion, I don't really get that much hate. When I show data that actually enforces my opinion, people lose their more hate from the data, the body count stuff. It's true, like really men and women who have higher body counts are less happy and emerge. It's true for men and women, but it's twice as true for women. Do nobody likes that? That is a biological double standard. And it's almost like biology is misogynistic. It is true. A woman's dissatisfaction at a body count of 20 is equal to a man's dissatisfaction of a body count of 40. I'm way over simplifying this, but the variation is about two to one, whereas women their dissatisfaction per partner before they get married in his twice as much as it is for men. Well, the problem is that that pisses a lot of people off. Because what does that do? It sounds like I'm encouraging men to fuck a bunch of women and women to say, say, Sullivan, do whatever you want. I have friends that are porn stars. I love them as people. I just don't want to date them. I think you could be this girl, African and A-Truse, work for me. She was in like, all my videos back on the New York. People found her attractive. And every time I was posted, girls would start DM and say, what's up? I'm like, yo, this is crazy. Yeah, it's the way the female brain works. But I would have a lot of female friends in New York. Just girls always cool away, right? I would introduce them to some of my homies. Maybe somebody I want to do business with, right? And I've gotten deals. Yes, you got deals on it. You know, I mean, money. Yeah, I'm up female friends. But just introduce them. Yeah, other dudes, right? So maybe I'd do so to a baller she's happy. And then it's like, everyone's happy. I don't know what happens after that. I don't even care. The term we call that is value arbitrage. So made a deal. So arbitrage means I make a risk free transaction. If I introduce a man who has a side of value of a 10 to a woman who has a societal value of a 10, they then look at me as a 10. It's like you're clitting in geometry of A equals B and B equals C, then C equals A. It's the same kind of situation. So I've done this several times before where it has been the billionaire and the Ukrainian runaway model. I introduce them to each other. And both of them see me on par with them. That's the arbitrage. My status in their eyes has increased. And I did nothing. I risk nothing in order to do it. Yeah. So that's why what you're saying, of course, networking. I think about this, man, for people who don't understand why this is so important. Let me just try to take this back like for the survival of the species. If you consider men pre-fire, human beings create a fire about 1.7 million years ago. And in that time period before that, men did not have the brain capacity. We're talking about hominids. There's no homeless safety in until 200,000 years ago. But they couldn't kill the lion, the tiger, the bear. They couldn't kill the apex predators. Human beings were not the apex predator on the planet until what? Until we start working together as human beings. And then we are networking. So what we use say is, since our ancestors networked and those are the ones who had more access to women than then reproduced with the networking gene continues to get passed down. And so what happens is throughout history, you see a correlation between the men who are the best networkers and the men who have the access to the most resources and the most sexual access throughout history. It's ubiquitous. It's just the way it works. You even see it with certain primates. We're like the two beta males will team up to kill the alpha male. You will see that, right? What is that? That is cooperation and networking that happens. And it does work sometimes like that. But like that's the thing. And so we as humans, the more we get into our phone, the worse we become at networking. We can't read facial issues. Real life. We get worried. This again, remember evolutionary mismatch. This is the mismatch. And so we get worse and worse at being able to talk to other people. And so now our networking skill set gets $ and $. And so now the guys who actually work on that skill set have more access to deals. And they're in more access to girls. But I'm glad you're saying it. Because I am going to be the one to say it. I just, oh, I got called so many fucking names for for the last 16 years because I said this. And then I was like, bro, look at my IG. Again, I'm not saying that I'm dating the hottest girls. What I'm saying is I'm nobody. The whole situation happens. And you know, you're sitting there trying to impress these women, your trits in there trying to do a bunch of stuff. But it's very difficult as a human being to be able to compete with all these other individuals throughout history. And you see, again, the plastic scene, homosepience, what do they do? They networked and the ones that network had an advantage over everyone else. You become this incredible force. Now here's the other thing. What are like the most highest watched shows we see on TV? It's like the World Cup. What are we watching men with other men competing? Competing to accomplish a goal? What are we seeing when the Super Bowl is the same kind of thing? We watch people team up in groups. And I will say that I've said this a million times. The apex of human existence is accomplishing goals with other people and having a family. Those are the two things. And by the way, having a family is you're also accomplishing a goal with another person. And so that's why our species survived as long as it did is because our ability to network. So now when you guys hear me talk so much about networking and social media and all this kind of stuff, understand that's where it comes from. Your ancestors did all this work. And here's the other thing I want you to think about. If you're a guy watching this and you haven't been with a woman in four, five years, you're not doing well financially. You're living with your mother or whatever. I want you to think about the brutish, hellish nature that your ancestors had to go through just to get to fuck one woman. 40% of men throughout history and 80% of women have women have reproduce, which means 60% of men throughout history did not reproduce. That's the competitive nature of it. Think about all the thing, the predators they had to kill, the fortifications they built, all the things that your male ancestors did to survive, just so they could have one wife that could have a kid with. All that brutish horrible nature, just so you could sit there, like a fat fuck and play video games and watch porn. Think about your ancestors watching you right now and how weak you are in comparison, like all the sacrifices they made, just so they could reproduce, just so they could have you. If you think about that, then this is like, I would be embarrassed thinking about my ancestors from like the 1850s just seeing like, what, no, I'm gonna go out in a conflict shed. Yo, I tell other black people this all the time man. Yo, bro, when they tell me to broke, I get so mad, I'm like, yeah, oh man. Not long ago, yeah, right, my focus were actually fighting for us to have the opportunities we had right now. I get so fucking frustrated when it will black guy is broke because we have all the way opportunities now that we're fall for people died or, and people call me a cell out for saying that, like no man, you need to take advantage of that opportunities, but I didn't even think about taking it back to fucking prehistoric times. Yeah, I was taking back to the 60s. You are the result of an unbroken, almost block chain of DNA that it was all the way back to Australopithecus. The only thing I know about every person you've ever met is that their ancestors successfully reproduced. That's the only thing I know for certain. And so if that's the only thing we all have in correlation, dude, I feel so easy now. Do you understand? Before, this is one of my favorite stats for any of these pickup artists and guys were players. Before the advent of broad spectrum antibiotics, the simplest had a 58% mortality rate. Imagine all your friends you knew got, simplest gonorrhea, chlamydia, whatever. 58% mortality rate. No condo. Yeah, I'm good. Consider how crazy that is. You all understand how lucky. Dude, we're sitting here in an air condition, place right now, like it's, we have electricity. Oh, I want food. And then food just shows up. You little problem is, it's easy to be a lazy, well, fucking now because even somebody on fucking section eight will fare whatever their lives are better than like kings from 200 years. That's a great example. The example I use is Henry the Athe Diet of Gout. I know homeless people who can get treatment for Gout now. Yeah. Do you have no air conditioning? Yeah, exactly. We don't finish any of that. He should, he should shit out on the wind outside and not openly duplicate. All this kind of stuff. If you want to get it in the saying, he had the fucking called the jester. His wife annoyed him. He had to kill her. Like what? Think about all that. He kept, he had to keep killing him. How to keep killing him. Bro, I remember not having cable. I remember how boring it would be sometimes as a little kid with no cable. So our two have friends placed because they had cable or they had an entendout. I remember not having an entendout or cable and it was nothing for kids to watch until Saturday. Yeah. Right now my son, he can be got any fucking car swimming was to watch on the main. My video, your son can go back and watch every episode of the Transformers that we missed back in 1984, 1986. They can go back and watch every episode for free on the internet now and we could do that. So yeah, you're right. It's just gotten progressively easier. And here's the thing. Here's how I try to remember it. People can sleep comfortably and they're not in their bed at night because there are rough men somewhere else willing to do violence on their behalf. As long as we recognize that the society that we have today is only exists because of a few brutish violent men who are willing to chisel out this cubby hole of safety and so that we can argue whether or not men should wrestle and high school wrestling. But the only reason we can have that debate, the only reason me or Khalifa can say it's worse that you join the military than you do porn. Because at least in the military you're giving the government your body or whatever she said. The only reason she can say that is because men in the military who are incredibly violent were willing to carve out this cubby hole where she could say stupid shit. People we just forget that. And that's what happens as society gets easier and more technologically advanced. It breeds weaker men. And those weaker men as they take over and then you start saying like, you need to go to therapy and become more vulnerable. Are you serious? Listen, you and I probably have several friends. They just started telling their girlfriend their problems and the girl just left, right? You want your girl to leave really quick just tell her all your problems. Now if these women are leaving these men when they tell the problems and we're being told to be more expressive and to talk about our feelings more with our partner and then that's causing them to leave these men. It sounds like a trap to me. The American Psychological Association back in 2018, they put out this paper basically saying that traditional masculinity was harmful and they specifically talked about aggression, assertiveness and like stoicism. Stoicism is harmful? Like, who do you think like puts out the fire when your house is burning and saves your children? Is it excited, crazy, men who are crying? Or is it stoic? Yeah, it's like, it's just like the lack of gratitude that humanity now has for the men who get created the world that we're in.