One of my childhood heroes, Shandy Shark, has been sued for $50 million for an alleged sexual assault. Former Hall of Famer, in podcast, our Shandy Shark with sued for sexual assault and batteries, he says it's a shame now. We're gonna get into it a little bit. Growing up, when I was in high school, I played high school football. I played defensive in and tight in. I went in both ways, no diddy. I was always on the field. Shandy Shark was the tight end. I looked up to the most when I was in high school in the 90s. You know what I'm saying? So this really saddens me. All right, so check this out. Shandy Shark made the alleged victim Gabriel Zoonig. They met in a gym in 2023. She was only 20 years old at the time. Shandy was 54. Hall of Famer, on and off the field. I know 20 year old guys, we can't get no 20 year old ass. Anyway, they engaged in a, what she called a rocky, consensual relationship. Now, according to Gabriel Zoonig, she was sexually assaulted by Shandy and once in October of 2024. And then again, in January of 2025. Where? Let me ask you a question. That sound like big cat to me. I don't know Miss Zoonig or like that. And I ain't never been rude. I ain't never been rude. But I'd imagine I don't wouldn't keep kicking it with. Oh, you know, they ain't giving them another chance to do it. But again, I don't know Miss Zoonig or like that. Shandy put out a video given his side of the story. Friends, supporters and colleagues, I want to speak to you directly and from the heart. This is a shake down. I'm gonna be open, transparent, and defend myself because this is right. This is all being orchestrated by Tony Buzzard, who is targeted, Jay Z. That's very important. So the lawyer who's representing Gabrielle Zoonig was the same lawyer who had the chick lying on Jay Z. And suing him and they dropped that case and the chick who was suing Jay Z, admitted that Tony Buzzard kind of pressured her to make up these lies about a hole. That was later dropped. That's important to note. Tony Buzzard is black man. I believe he's going to release a 30 second clip of a 16. The tries to make me look guilty and play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. That video should actually be pinned minutes or so. Hey Tony, instead of releasing your edit, put the whole video out. I don't have it or I'll do it myself. You know what happened and you're trying to manipulate the media. Hmm. So they only put out a piece of the video trying to make him look crazy. And we won't get into that video in a minute. They tried to inquest and took place during the day at her invitation. And now that appears to be a deliverer, coordinated by Gavin also known as Carly on only fans. Gabby Zoonika also known as Carly on only fans. You know, the big dog was on the case. I know what you think and I'm saying the same thing. What look like luckily when my home is man, a grand wizard chat nigga found some picture of a Gabby Zoonika or Carly on only fans. You know what I'm saying? Like here, I see what Uncle was talking about. But over here, she looked like a young man. A male school shooter in this picture, right? But this one was like, I don't. I feel you. Gavin, 20 bucks, but $50 million dollars. Got to eat. What they're getting is food for deformation. You're trying to take me down. My career is all about real talking honesty. I know my family and fans know exactly what this is about. And I'm going to be out there telling you whatever I need to say, just like I always do. I love all of you guys. And we love you too, no, diddy. All right, so listen, now here's the thing. This is right on the heels of Shannon about the sign $100 million dollar deal. They find out he's about the sign of $100 million dollar deal. Next, you know, white woman one hat. Because Shannon has gotten real popular. Like, you know, he did the shit with cat Williams. That interview, that one crazy got real popular. He's on ESPN. He's been real popular for this thing. I don't know if you all know the system. He's been doing his lakers in five shit. White side, backside, sunny side. Lakers in five. You're not beating the lakers without a healthy crisp Paul. No, I'm not so sure you could beat him. If you had a healthy crisp Paul, yeah, it doesn't matter. Crisp Paul, Cleopold, Jake Blanc, Logan Paul. Lakers in five, not crazy. This leg is in five. She's been going viral. CP3, CP3PO. It doesn't matter. Star war, then Luke Skywalker down. Chris, the way up. Break them all. That's weird. We're going to five. Yeah. They're my right. Phoenix Sun, three sun. We'll be concerned. The sun's by the set. They're like a divine terror. Shandishar also went viral about a few months ago. Whatever reason he was on Instagram live. Wow. He was making love to someone. This happened. He was live on Instagram with 5,000 people watching. You hear this thing you're grunting? Just here is a video that Tony Biggs be put out. I don't know. Anything I say, you're just going to get mad at and you're just going to hang up on me. So I feel like I'm going to go ahead and I'll find you. Don't you sound like a young man in my trip? Yeah. What is it? What is that even mean? She's not like a high school. She's not like a young man, yeah. Hold on, let me keep going. You want to be a dick in me now, so. I don't want to be a don't manipulate me. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I'm going to show up. I want to see you. Sounds bad. But this is a way to say that. I don't want to be a joke. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. I don't think you're having a choice in the matter. So he just said that they put out that little clip. Listen, there's a lot of women who kind of like being choked. They like it, man. They like getting slapped. They like their intuition. And I believe the Gabby Zoo nigger is one of these chicks. Let me show you why I believe that. Shannon posted on his Instagram, where she said, I want you to put a doll collar around my neck and choke me while you're fucking me. How does a lot of chicks who'd like you and choked? But she freaky, man. She want to doubt doll collar around her neck while she getting fucked. Ms. Zoo nigger goes on the same. I know you miss his big juicy ass. 25 k for each cheek. First of all, ain't no ass worth 25 k. A cheek. Ain't no $50,000 ass on earth. I'm a Beyoncé, which you may. But let's look at the date on this. Boom. This is January. Would you say that to someone who sexually assaulted you in October? Of you, was later? That's how I know it was cat. Listen, again, I never been sexually assaulted. But if I was sexually assaulted, I wouldn't be trying to kick it with the motherfucking after. You know what I'm saying? If someone sexually assaulted me, I wouldn't be sending her fricky text after. If you put that baby gravy in me, and you can do whatever you want to me, baby gravy, crazy lady, fuck you pay me. Like it's a five. Ah! Ms. Zoo nigger says, the Shannon. Oh, no, November. Again, after the alleged sexual assault, I'm going to put my tongue in your asshole, and then marry you, tongue in the ass, love for the cash, run for the pass. Like it's a five. I don't know if you text that to somebody who sexually assaulted a month before. She goes on to say, that's my daddy, fuck. I want you to put a big black baby in me. This is why you don't fucking white women. They always say some court. You shit like this. Yo, big black baby, bitch at crazy, witchcraft lady. Like it's a five. I don't know. When I read these messages, sound like you want to get choke, and she want to lick ass. It was a baby gravy in her. No one needs to slap this shit out of the spit. Anyway, I think it's fucking cat, man. I ain't believing none of this shit, man. Come on, man. You don't send that to somebody after the sexual assault, man. Big juicy ass, bitch choosing cash, dick do the trash. Like it's a five. And it's like she only fancy shit. Man, here, look at her plan or ass on the internet. She only fancy what you was spec. Man, guys, this is why we are putting out thought repelling. Thought repelling. This is easy to apply spray to keep the holes away. You don't need women like this in your life. There's a lot of good women out in the world. We're going to have thought repelling out hopefully by summer, because every day, good man falls victim to one of these thoughts. She made that be soon you for $50 million. You poor, right? But as ballers, man, we need this shit. We're going to have this out. Thought repelling. And only repeals, he's only fan holes and all this other shit. Y'all'm saying, all this fucking being a player shit, all this having a bunch of women to shit, I'm telling you once you become successful, it's dangerous because you become a target. I went all fresh and fit. I said this, my fuck started calling me a sin. No, this is what happens. You, but fuck is don't know because ain't nobody trying to target your brokass, right? But once you get a certain level of fame, money, you become a target and get these motherfuckers shit, now it's like this shit. We also see more of this. We saw what happened to Brian Johnson, that vampire guy who'd be like drinking his son's blood or somewhere shit, right? He got sued by his ex-girlfriend. She lost that suit and he counter sued for defamation in one. So he's a fucking hero. You know what I mean? You're that baseball player who lost his fucking deal. So, if there was text messages with his chick saying the shoes going to try to get all this money from him, shit be happening man. They all get really stops out of here. So we're going to have thought we're pulling out by the summertime. That's a, that's a thought breeding season. But most of y'all don't have to worry about that because you poor. Ain't nobody trying to target you. Don't nobody want your baby gravy, you poor. So you need to stop being poor. That's why me and my homie Derek money, Bart, we're doing a free training this Monday. 7pm Eastern Standard Time. What are we going to show you guys what we call the 10 Commandments of wealth. We're going to teach you all about investing in stock market, investing in real estate, and building your own businesses, right? Give you a comprehensive strategy to build generational wealth for you and your family. And it's 100% free. Make sure you register for that immediately. We only have so much space. Last time we did this too many people came in and actually webbing our software crash. We don't want that to happen. It's time to be going to limit how many people can get in. Click the link right now. See if you can still get in if you can. Register for that. And let's get it.