A lot of people have new years resolutions in most of you want to get in better shape for the new years. That makes a lot of sense because the average American is over 17 pounds overweight. I'm going to give you some tips, some tricks, getting the best shape of your life in 2025, faster than you ever thought possible. I'm well suited to give you the advice because I have been a personal trainer for about 26 years. I've trained literally thousands of people both in person and online. And the advice I'm about to give you will work for all mammals. Possibly amphibian is a reptile, but I've never trained one of them. So it's just speculation. I don't care if you got some genetic predisposition. I don't care if you got some sort of food addiction. I don't care what kind of wacky shit you got going on. This will work for you if you follow my advice. It may be more difficult if you have some sort of crazy food addiction. But that's like less than 5% of the population. Most of y'all just need to put them off of your candies and cakes down. You wake up food addiction. You just a fat boy. And we don't fix that for you. The beauty of fat loss is that it's all mad. People ask, what kind of food do you feel you eat or what kind of exercises you should do? blah blah blah blah. No, no. It's all mad. This way is simpler than you think. And I'm gonna break it down for you. Help you make it super simple and understand. There's a few things you're gonna need to make this happen. One, you're gonna need a cellular phone. Android or Apple, both work fine. I prefer Apple. But if you are a, dark, you can get an Android. I'm just joking, Androiders. I have Android 2. I got both to say, I don't live life scarcity, man. I don't have to choose. I get them both. Baby I'm rich. Anyway, then you wanna get some sort of fitness tracker. The Apple Watch, I think is a fantastic device. This is an Apple Watch alterate into Hikaniam series 2. But you can also get the Samsung Watch or a Fitbit, a ROOP, or my preferred method is the Ororan. It looks like a secret agent, so I'll wear it on my nicer watches. What you're gonna use this for is to track your calories. So these devices would track the calories you burn. Not only when you're working out, but even at rest. It's very important. And you're gonna need a food scale. Some sort of food scale, I have several. And you're gonna use that to track your macros. Track how many calories you consume because burn in fat is nothing but man. For example, every pound of fat equals 3500 calories. You gotta burn 3500 calories. If you wanna lose a pound of fat. That means we need to burn 3500 calories more than we can consume. So this is why we use some sort of fitness tracker to track how many calories we're burning in each day. And we track how many calories we consume. So you use your food scale to track how many calories you consume. And then you get an app called my fitness pal. And they're gonna just plug it in. And then it's just math. So let's say you track how many calories you consume each day. Boom. You're consuming 2500 calories a day. You're going at each day. Boom. And you're tracking it. If you're not tracking it, it's slack. And you know you need to be the 500 calories deficit. So you're burning 3000 calories per day. Then you burn 3500 calories or a pound of fat. All right. It's lit. Let's say you wanna burn two pounds of fat. That's just 7000 calories. Well, that's just math too. So you got two options here. You can eat less or you can train more. Eating less is gonna be easier. So we'll just put that there. So let's say you cap your calories at 2000 calories per day. Boom. You die because of those two pounds of fat in this week. Because you burn 7000 calories. It's just math. It's a lot simpler than you think. Here's where you may fuck up. For one, these fitness trackers are not 100% accurate. So what you're gonna have to do is you're gonna have to wait yourself every week. And if you're not losing weight, maybe you're not burning as many calories as you think. And you increase the amount of calories you burn in order to increase the amount of that you're in taking. You just start the calorie break and then see what's working. The next thing you need to do, you have to track how many calories you consume each day. And now I keep the food scale with me everywhere I go. So this, you can watch any of my videos, daily life videos. I always have my food scale with me. I have like little sling bags on me and I keep the scale in there. And even at restaurants, I'm at nice restaurants. I'm at parties. I was on my boys yachts over the weekend, tracking my calories. It's a little strange, definitely. And people may look at you wherever whatever. Fuck them. They fancy restaurants expensive restaurants and I'm tracking my calories. So you're gonna have to track and you can't order anything that you can't track. So people ask me sometimes, man, what if I'm eating like a casserole and I don't know what it is? How do I try to, don't eat that shit? But my wife cooks this stuff and I can't track my wife looks, man. I said that bitch to get her shit together, man. You demand it at house or not. Say, hey, hold on, eat, don't cook that shit. Or start a fight with her storm out and go get your own food. Would you grow for it? Or just get into the woods, man. That bitch don't want to support your girls, man. Fuck her, man. She's not on your side, and she's at, she's at, ah, fuck that bitch. I don't order shit that I can't fucking track. If I can't, if I can't, if I find it in my fitness pal, I don't eat it. Right now it's easy for me because I do the ketogenic diet. So I mean a lot of steak and that's on the menu. It tells me how many ounces it is on the menu. So if I just eat the steak and I don't get no sides, then I don't need my skill. But when I go to the steak house, I don't have the way to steak typically. But I will, like, wait a sec, you know, get this cream spinach, I dump that shit on a skill. That's going to be the difficult part. It's actually tracking me a calorie and not everybody down the door. Now I will show you some alternative methods of losing fat. If you don't want to track calories. But before I do that, if you don't mind tracking the calories, if you're tough enough to track your calories, if you click the link in the description, I got something called the Victory Vision planner. And in there is a spreadsheet much like the one I showed you, but it's a little more comprehensive. It has forms in it. You could just put in how many calories you burned each day. Remember, just look at your Apple Watch or ring fit bit or whatever it is you're using. Put in how many calories you consume these days. You could also put your protein and other stuff. And it's 100% free. Link in the description. You don't even have to put your email in there or nothing. Right, just right there. And that's going to make tracking the calories way easier. Let's say you don't want to track calories because you are a bitch or something. I'm going to show you another way, but you're going to hate that too. There's two other methods you can do if you don't want to track calories. There's only two things that are seen work. One is intermittent fasting. And there's different kinds of intermittent fasting, but I'm going to be talking about having a 16 hour fast and a 8 hour feeding window. The reason that typically works with people is for two reasons. One is difficult to eat in a caloric surplus, meaning eat more calories than you burn in that 8 hour feeding window. You will almost have to try to do it. Now especially if you're mindful and you're trying to eat healthy during that time, you're not just saying, man, my fucking feeding window is open, man, fucking, I'm going to eat this whole thing at ice cream and long as you're not an asshole about it, you should be in a caloric deficit. So what that looked like for me, I did that for five years in a row before I went keto. And what I did was I wouldn't eat until 3 p.m. That would be my first meal. So before 3 p.m. I just had nine calorie drinks, water, coffee, coffee has very little calories. But black coffee, the often you don't put no sugar in a cream in it or pre-work out, that was kind of my preferred method. A lot of people like black coffee, but I kind of graduated way, it's just pre-work out because it has way more caffeine. And the caffeine kind of blocks your hunger and gives you energy because you ain't had no food. I had my first meal at 3 and I had my last meal around 10 or 11. Ish, right? It wasn't like a strict 168, you know, I would only eat during that window. And most people, they can make that happen and they just don't eat as much in there in pretty good shape. I did that for years. That's method number one. And you can typically lose weight without having to track your calories. The next method for those you don't want to track your calories is something I've been doing even before I went keto. Before I did intermittent fasting, this is what I would do for a long time. You know, every time I wanted to cut basically my 20s and I've also used this to train a lot of, you know, people who I knew I couldn't get them to track their calories and I knew I couldn't get them to fast. I would have them do this. Take an eat meat, eggs, cheese, nuts and green leafy vegetables. So when I say green leafy vegetables, I mean you can eat motherfucking spinach, kale. Maybe some Brussels sprouts. But you can't eat fucking potatoes or vegetables, no, no, it's not green and it's not leafy. Only eat green leafy vegetables. What about fruit? No, man, you don't need fruit. There is enough vitamins from the green vegetables. You'll be fine. Basically kind of keto without calling a keto because I was doing this before keto was cool. Before I was in the middle of an intermittent fasting, I would do this in college in the early 2000s when I wanted to cut every time I train somebody and they were going to track their macros. I was like, all right, you're going to own meat and vegetables home and they would always lose weight. Because these foods are set for the nuts and that's in the cheese. These foods are not glorically dense. At least not as glorically dense as rice pasta and all the stuff. Nothing wrong with carbs. When I say carbs are evil, calm your goofy ass down. I know you want to fucking spazz out about it. Whatever loser, if you want to eat carbs and you gotta eat the due intermittent fasts and you gotta track your macros. This is for people who don't want to do either one of those. If you track your macros, you can eat fucking anything. As long as you're getting the right amount of calories. If you want to eat carbs, but you don't want to track your macros, then you have to do intermittent fasts. If you don't want to track your macros, but you want to be able to eat all day, then you gotta go and meet cheese and vegetables. You gotta pick one of the three diet options. Number one, track calories. Two, intermittent fasts and 168, 16 hour fasts in our feeding window. Three, meat and veg. Those are the options. Right? Now, if you track your calories, you can eat anything. As long as it's the right amount of calories. If you're doing intermittent fasts, then you can eat anything for eight hours. Within reason, it's not a challenge asshole. You could still fuck this up, right? It's not a fucking challenge. Just be fucking reasonable. Meet and vegetables. You can eat anytime, but there's some limitation. Hey asshole, this is not a fucking challenge either. Say, or can I get fat off me and vegetables? You can't. If you say, hey, I'm just going to eat a fucking pound of bacon, multiple times a day. And I'm even pound some bacon and I'm a fry-smitted. You could fuck this up too asshole. Either one of these work. Nothing works better than tracking your calories because it's mad. You can't fuck it up. These other two ain't sure the work of you. Yo, ass don't want to try calories man, so don't expect the same results. That was a simple way. What about those of you who want to take it to the next level? No, I don't mean roids, but close. There are some things that will take it to the next level. And I call this the King Keto illegal stack. It's only illegal if you're like in the NCAA or if you play a sport where you get your heart test it, you'll see what. The Keto illegal stack illegal, you can get it anywhere, but it's just a name. I like this. We'll take it to the next level. All right. And these are supplements you're going to take 10 hands. Your fat burning ability. Number one is caffeine. We want to say two to 300 milligrams. caffeine does two things to help you burn fat. Remember, you have to burn more calories soon to burn fat. caffeine has been proven to reduce hunger and cravings, but it also gives you more what energy. So you can burn more of these motherfucking calories because you have more energy. You want to take at least 200 300 milligrams. Then we want to take this stuff called a fedra. Now a fedra, I've been taking this since I was 16. Back in my day, in the 1990s, a fedra was in every fat burning supplement. You can buy it. Just go, you can go to G and C or to buy a new shop by fat burner. Nine times out of 10 ahead of a fedra in it. It's illegal to put it in bodybuilder supplements now. It helps you burn fat the same way. It's a potent appetite suppress it. You will not be hungry. In fact, your biggest problem is you may not eat enough if you take a fedra. It's helping you eat less and move more so you burn more calories than you consume. But a fedra also does something else. So study showed a fedra helps you burn fat in a way that caffeine doesn't. So that loss is a two part process. Lepolicis and oxidation. Lepolicis is when the fat cell is broken down in the fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. That he show a fedra helps induce lapolicis, which is the first part of burning fat. But it's going to give you energy so you'll be able to burn off in fatty acids. Now you can't get a fedra in bodybuilder supplements. I think some kids died or some shit some folks should happen. Right. They was doing something wacky and they died. But you can't get it. Brock 8 and America you go to CVS or Walgreens or whatever any drug store. You just go to the pharmacist and you've got to give me ID. So they make sure you get out of here breaking bad or something. I don't know if I'm going to make a met out of there's something you've got to show me ID and then say go. I want some of that Brock 8 and then shoot us give it to you. You understand? Just make sure you get out of my fucking dope dealer. If you are a dope dealer, just help stop. They probably only can buy this. So probably more free. But if you're not a convicted dope dealer, then you can get you some Brock 8. Remember this is a stack so we're taking all these together. So you're going to get this through via Brock 8. You just take one pill and then the next one is this shit call, ketone 8. Now this shit tastes like gorilla piss. It's different than the ketone powders you get because the ketone powders are ketone saw. This is what's called a ketone ester which is fucking different. It's way stronger and it's way more potent. You take yourself a cap full of Brock 8. I'm never drink the piss of gorilla but if I had to imagine what it tastes like, this is it? Or maybe if you ever see a dumpster link leaking? That's what I imagine this tastes like, dumpster juice. You want to take a cap full of his dumpster juice? One to two cap fulls. Now what does this does for you? It gives you a ton of energy. So basically especially if you're doing intermittent fasting or if you're doing the meat and veg diet, you don't have to be on keto to do this. But you're kind of on keto if you're doing the meat and veg diet and during this 16 hours, what do you think your body's running off of? Yeah, ketones, right? Or it should be, it doesn't have glucose. Your body is not running off glucose. When you want to traditional Western diet eating carbohydrates, your body converts carbohydrates in the glucose or glycogen. The that's your body's primary fuel. In the absence of carbohydrates, there's no glucose or release in that as much. So then your liver starts to produce these things called ketones and those become the new fuel that your body runs off of. That's where the ketogenic diet comes from right near you're running off ketones as a post-aclucose. The ketones esters, your body views them as another fuel source. They view them like ketones. Right? If this does is when you're fasting or if you're just on this meat-evestable diet, what happens is, especially when you're trying to get used to it, you might feel weak. You know, it takes a bit of adjustment to get used to it, either one of those. If you take the ketone a during that time, boom, now your body has a new fuel source. You can take this even if you eat carbs, like even if you're eating carbs and you're tracking your calories, having an additional fuel source. So you're just going to give you more energy. If you take ketone esters, you will have an additional fuel source so you'll have more energy and they help reduce hunger. One of the main reasons people typically lose weight on keto is one is the food is less calorically dead, but it blunts hunger. This will get rid of most of your cravings and give you more energy. A lot of your eating carbs. Remember, this is a stack so we're going to take these together. Two to three hundred milligrams of caffeine. One brakate, get the right amount of fadre. One to two caps of ketones. Do that two to three times a day. People say that's so much caffeine. No, you just a pussy, man. All right, let go Google it right now. The lethal dose of caffeine is 10,000 milligrams. If you took this three times a day, you only have 900. Less than 10 percent of lethal doses. That ain't even going to come close to killing you. Less you a baby. If you fucking die from the shit, that's just natural selection. Brother, that's just Darwin trying to stop you from passing on your inferior genes. Go f***. So basically, you got three diet options. Who's your own adventure? If you're going to track calories, I'd highly suggest you download the Victor revision planner so you can start tracking it. That's why I'm tracking them on no matter what. If you want to take it to the next level, get this key to a legal stack. This is not going to work if you're on the 18. I don't think you can buy this. If you're on the 18, listen, you'll get rip super fast, super easy. If you want some more help with this, I have a free fat loss guy. I'll put the link in the description. You can get there right now.