What were some of the things you learned going through that situation you went through with the girl who was pregnant? You know, and then she was kicking it with your eye, going on your hop's park. Yes. You really trying to throw your name through the mud, man. Some of the people may not know what happened. Maybe you can just break down what happened with that. Yeah, so you know, he was both outside doing this thing. Yeah, you was outside. Now we're gonna shit. Yeah, you know, how's our client's table? And basically, he had a bunch of girls there. Yeah, some were agents, some were spanics and white. I bought some girls too. Yeah, well two girls. I was like, okay, fine piece of agent meat over there. Yeah, I was like, I'm gonna get the Instagram real quick. Slide my phone. Yeah. Get Instagram. Got the grant. Y'all don't do phone numbers no more. In my day, you had to carry around a pen. Thank you all. Yeah. All right. No, this is I'm learning a lot. Some's clicked on other data point, you know, and we meet up, things go down. Just more like, all right. This is fun. You know, like, this is lit. Yeah. My young, I'm doing my thing well. The people are just like a far to course. Like, yeah. And my, me today, she's with you Joe Smollett. This is what it is. Right. What is it? I think I'm nothing of it. And then, of course, you know, my, my slick commentary is here. Like, Get the printer. I remember seeing you in the gym. Yeah. He was like, Get a man. I'm dating this new chick. Man, you show me a picture of her. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me about it. I was like, pop man and I never did anything before. I did one in the past, but it wasn't like that kind of real Asian. It was like, I'm like, I'm American age, right? Yeah. She was like straight straight out the sweat. She's like, she used to make Jordan's when she was a kid or something, right? It was fun, man. But you know what, I took it to far in a way. I kind of went too close to the sun. Because I was like, teetering on like, kind of like playing the game too hard. So I'm like, why even a little? No, no, I was actually kind of like playing along way too much. Could typically I like cut it off like earlier. You know, it was best-based time move base. Have a little fun. Okay. This is a cool name. Yeah. I used to tell the home, we've made three and out. Yeah. You can't let it get another first down. Like, it's not supposed to close to the end zone. Burn them. You're like, I can three and out. Bring out. Burn them boy here. Legendary artists, right? Well, he's going to check for like two five months and then next one. Yeah. So it was like, I let it back into the streets, but it didn't like when I did it. They didn't want to let go. It was like, I must stay with the chocolate man. Yeah. That was like, alright, bro. This kind of crazy. Because like, I ain't about to check for the quickest far to like, stay with the boss to BBC. I was like, got it down. So it was almost like, like, tick me or I'm going to expose you for something. And like, hmm, oh, go ahead. She was threatened. You should all slide them. Blackmail me. You think I'm black? I'm a bit of black. I'm a bit of black man. It taught me that like, uh, sometimes you got to like just one and done, you know, hitting it multiple times. It's cool, but like, so I just got one and done. But what was she saying to me is, what did she do, man? Because sometimes we were all in the, they don't understand. So basically what I was, I realized what was going on. We're like, we're all the fools, right? But I've also different level. I'll show them, learn fromation. You've got to understand a lot of old girls just by being around them, right? And then I was like, yo, you know what? This is a little bit too much for me. I don't want to play this game anymore. I could feel like right now what I'm seeing with the three phones and then like random niggas, just like, she had three phones. Yeah, through phones. I'm like, wake up through phones. Here are my crib now, bro. This is just going to look a little bit dicey. So that's all I've to leave. And then um, we later get a phone call. Oh, I'm like, bro. Like, yo, keep that shit to yourself and they go. And then um, you're like, yo, congratulations. Yeah, I follow Nick is that hit it. I'm like, oh, shit, like, and then Nick is hit it. Oh, shit. So we, we'll hit the same thing. I'll just smash the homies. She's smashing everybody. And then I was like, I'm going to send back the streets because I think I'm done now. Because typically, right? For example, this is always the Miami. One minute, she's a touring, future, but like, Nick is already a future. Just no relationship, right? And then one minute, she's with a promoter and she's, we use like, I cool, we all have our fun back the streets. But she don't want that go, bro. As she was saying, she was pretty. She didn't know. She think I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. She's like, well, so I don't know if it's true or not. But what I do know is that like, it could have anybody's baby. That's why we came up with that repelling. I would have had earlier, man. It would have been great. I was thinking, you know what, man. I'm a little Asian nephew, man. Not a good. I thought he was going to teach me karate. I was excited. It would have died. But if I spread it, it would have died instantly, bro. It's almost like she was a cloud chasing off that shit. No. Yeah. And you know, it's funny. She's trying to get cloud from it and like, nobody cares. There was a lot of, oh, because I was in the story. Yeah, she was going on like other podcasts, he was a other platform. She didn't understand. That's shit. Fuckin' nothing against you. Yeah. Yeah. She was funny yourself. Like, I'm a fan of you, if you're a myron. But so, if you like fresh and fit, a lot of fresh and fit content that's not made by fresh and fit, comes on your timeline. And I was like, oh, shit. What's right? Into now. I got people, everyone saw those videos, but it was almost like, almost like, if like, first time I was in a new cycle, we're like, I didn't know people knew me like that. I'm not, you know, so far, right? Nicki Minaj is X. Yeah. Some turn out moccas, I'm like, is it bro? I know your shit. I'm like, how can I know my shit? Oh, with aging girl, I'm like, oh, shit. Just funny as fuck. Because people knew me from that. No, I was like, that's insane. It worked out. She got caught up in a lie and actually got exposed. And then, learn nothing. Hey guys, no one's perfect. You got to make mistakes along the way. And like, you know, obviously that would have holes a little bit too much. Yes, what was some of the lessons you learned from that situation? You could go to our black wingsman. We'll see. We'll see. Well, I did learn that like right now where I'm at. I can't indulge in too much craziness. Yeah. And I got to understand on a deeper level, the holes, man. And we need to stand the holes, bro. Yeah. You can understand a game. You can maneuver. Now, obviously you may get caught up here and there, but like, if you understand what's happening, the marketplace and where you're at, you can kind of say where you want to end up, where you want to fall. Yeah. So no, I know where I want to fall. I want to enjoy life still. And nice, chill girl that understands life is more than about cloud. Yeah. Yeah. And you know what? I've had crazy situations like that when I was your age, but like people would be no me. That was just a regular guy. That's the thing. You know, it's so nice. Yeah. When you make these mistakes and the public guys, news, right? But there's a lot of guys go through shit. I went through similar situations like that, but nobody knew. I'm like 11 years old and you were some shit wreck. One thing I would say, man, is you know what I think you become like, you be around. Right. You know, we hear that all the time, but whatever reason, Nick is don't take that into account with the hose. Like these are people too. They need love too. Yeah. No, but you got to understand, like, you got to be real discriminated about the kind of chicks you bring into your life, because if they have a chaotic life, yeah, then that's going to infiltrate your life. And not even just that, right? If they just have bad energy, you know, like, somebody who's negative all the time, or have bad energy, like if you bring that person in your life, then you inherit that shit. One thing I would tell all the other guys, and this is a good lesson is man, just really vet the women you letting your life, not just based off looks, but also just, is there a life peaceful? Now, it's difficult in my am. But I moved out of the world with a girlfriend. I imported it. I literally brought sand to the beach. I've got to go, I've got to get a normal one and bring it down here. Keep your stable. Not getting sand. And 100% less alert. Yeah. Yeah. So now you're moving you, you dealing with chicks who got a better head on their shoulders, so I imagine. What's the level, man? But, but, but, you know what it is? I spend less time indulging the horses that they've done with such an answer. I focus on business now, focus on these people, make connections. And that's the best focus, you know, I did a little, make it. It's all right, I think a little bit. Listen, guys, listen, you're listening. All right, listen, really vet the women you bring in your life, guys. That's it, because if they get, if they have any any kind of chaotic shit and you're like, you inherit all of it. If she's got a fucking crazy relationship with her family, you wouldn't inherit that. Like you become like a people you're around. Like no bullshit. Like she got a drug habit. The problem is, like, you know, testosterone is a really powerful thing, you know? With black bro, you know what I said? And no, you ain't got to tell movement. I've been black sister, beginning. You know, it's day one. Since I've been black, it's night, night, and two, man. And they, and they, they be fucking with niggas, you know, and no, bro. But it's like you got to be more discriminant. You know, with who you bring in your life, man? That's where real shit. 100% I think you like that lesson. I learned that lesson. Like, in the similar fashion in your age, but it wasn't publicly. You know what, is bro? I'm just breaking down real quick. Hose or more more fun. It's fun exciting is that I should be doing this, but it's fun. The regular shit that's like the wife of type, it's stable. It's concrete. Yeah. A foundation you could build upon. Right? And sometimes I got to tell the building. That's one of the, fuck around. I have to fun. Yeah. But at the same time, long term, you're right. You should vet carefully because you never know the extent. And I thought guys that like, for example, got robbed. Cause I'm full about like, oh, it's scam whatever. I know Nick is with me set up and kill. Get get a frame for like great. Yeah. You know, I'm just, you know, I'm just jail. Yeah. It's dangerous, but at the same time, I understand what Nick is doing. Because it is fun. Well, listen, that's what we're coming out with thought repelling. It's the easy plastic spray to keep the hose away. It's going to be a shit at pre-orders available about that in time today. One more thing, just to your point as well, about getting or vetting is the whole facts, right? Yeah. So I wasn't able to scope because she not from here, right? So like, I can't find out about going on like a foot. Cause for example, in Miami, Nick is no chicks because of like, she's been on this scene, she's been on that scene. She's kind of like, no one knows what she is. It's not got it. But you just funny about internet, they'll tell you the, wait, this part of internet, right? So when I, isn't known, they come on camera. People know their past, they know, like, for example, where they're at before. Access to the come out is like, oh shit, no, they're exposed to whole facts. Cause think about it, it's right? On the show, guys would bring their girl to get exposed in a way. Cause now they can see who she released for that. But oh, I know her, we'll get to listen to that. Or like, oh yeah, but she'll be on the side. And there's a way. But we make guys, the enemy, we know this trick. She's she the Miami, she been on yacht, she been thought around like, oh, yes, no. Cause I know, I'm outside. You know, and it's just like, yeah, I see her to start with a lot of many times. Or it's like, my brother's like, you know, I'm going to say, we got a group chat. Oh yeah, bro. We're just mash off. So we good. But if you don't know, the whole facts, it's kind of not gonna be able to say it. So you got to know the whole facts or try to get it as soon as possible. But it's like, you can just be around them and you know, it's like you've been around enough chicks. Like you ain't never been surprised. Have you when you got the whole facts? Like you ain't never been surprised. You'd have been surprised if it came back clean with the tissue. But you know, like when you know, like when you know and you're pertain, like you don't know, you're stuck with like yours is bliss. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, check the whole facts. It's shit, but like, you'll really check the energy, right? Yeah, she got chaotic energy, or if her life's a fucking mess, and or she's got fucking drama all the time, you inherit all that. 100% saying, even if she's a virgin, you inherit all that fucking drama. Yep, shit. Energy, bro. Yeah, energy, man. It's transmutable, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.