The beat between suspected human, Elon Musk, and grown shit in nugget, Donald Trump. A.K.A.R. fearless leader has erupted, is gotten crazy. I want to talk about it, what's happening? And I want to talk about how we can make some money off of it. For sure. But here's the thing. For beginning to us, I'm not political at all on that conservative, not liberal. I'm conservative about some things. Liberal about some things. I'm a big second amendment fan. I'll be walking around my amy streets like Black John Wick, Jamal Wick, but I also think abortion is cool. I think some of y'all should have been a boarder. Coming here to talk is shit. I'm gonna board you now. I'll fuck around in a board and the dog right now that ain't even mine. Do you shit your mom was too scared to do? Both part of abortion and it's my fucking. I say I ought to say I'm not political. I'm not taking a political stance. All I care about is how we can make some money off of it. Let's give a recap of what happened. Yesterday, Elon Musk called Donald Trump's big beautiful bill, debt slavery. And he urged people to call their congressmen and tell them not to vote for that shit because the bill hasn't been passed. Who all levels the government yet. The republic is gonna have that bill passed by the 4th of July. America's birthday is when we commemorate the first time we beat the shit out of the British. They tried to run it back in 1812. They said, you know what they wanted to rematch. And they got what they was looking for. They got fucked up again. That's when they went ahead to the bill passed. Fourth of July, but recently Trump fired back claiming Elon only opposed the bill because it removes the EV mandate on the V-notice ballot. Elon Musk, a lot of people don't. He really likes electric vehicles. He's actually a big proponent of them. Not people don't know that. A lot of people just think he makes races. A-I saw of where. Grock is not racist, but if you are racist, definitely use Grock. For sure, I use Grock sometimes. Sometimes I could be a little racist. Claude won't do their job for me. You only use Claude during Pride Month. But here's the thing. He doesn't just make races. A-I also has an EV company called Tesla. Now Elon responded threatening to start his own political party. And then he said, then he said, you know, Trump, you wouldn't even been elected if it wasn't for my help. He said he was ungrateful. There may be some truth to that because Elon Musk didn't need about $300 million to Trump. It's campaign. I know for some of y'all. That's a lot of money. That's the reason I say something because probably one of two billionaires watching this shit. We're trying to see what a real nigga's talking about. Because they ain't got that kind of exposure. And they're liaison to the regular motherfuckers. Now maybe you would've got to elect it without that. I don't know. If motherfucker give me, if I give him motherfucker $300 million. I'm not going to expect him to do some shit that fucks with my company. He don't say I'm not going to expect him to try to get a bill pass that deliberately hurts my company. Like, that's not what I would expect. But I never been a billionaire. So maybe billionaire's maybe Trump. He's a billionaire. He was thinking differently. I don't know. But then Trump responded that he said he threatened to pull all of SpaceX government contracts. So Trump is like, oh, you ain't like me taking away the EV mandate. What's going to happen when I take away your motherfucker rocket ship money? You don't even say it because he has another company where he's building ships, presumably to go back to wherever he's from. And he knew I ain't like that shit either. And that's when things took a while to turn. So even when I said, Yoastown to drop the big bomb, Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason they've not been public. Have a nice day, Donald J. Trump. So this is getting crazy. Now, how do we make money off of this? That's a question. Here's my investment thesis. Ever since Elon started fucking with Trump giving a money, shouting a mountain shit, even before the election. I was thinking of my head man, this can't be good for Tesla. Because I don't know any conservative that drive Tesla. Maybe you guys do leave a comment if you know someone because some hard-core conservatives who drive electric cars, I live in Florida. My own be Florida. And I'm rich. Does that mean almost all my friends are conservatives. But I'm also black. So what does that mean? I know a lot of liberals as well. All the Tesla owners I know are legit liberals. Like one of them I have one friend in Miami who has a Tesla guess what? He's a fucking vegan, right? He don't get more liberal than that. Some of my conservative friends know bullshit, drive monster trucks. One of them has a card. It looks like a legit tank. They love gas. They love fossil fuels, petroleum. They don't be fucking with those. EVs, right? So it's pretty much a liberal customer base. I'm sure it is exception. I'm sure somewhere in America. Sure there's a model tree with a Confederate flag on it somewhere in America. I just say seen it. We can assume that most Tesla owners, at least in the past, were liberals. When he flip sides, the liberals ain't gonna fuck with because they're real. The more hardcore liberal you are, the more you ain't Trump. That's what liberals are fucking bomb and Tesla's. You know what I'm saying? You're putting, hopefully the California was slapping. But for stickers on that card, I'm saying yo, I bought this ship before it, Elon went crazy. Because California got all the liberals, you know? My thesis was meant, this got to be bad for Tesla. And that's stock been dropping. The stock would drop. And Elon, he gave Trump $300 million. A little sum broke off a little change. You know, out of game more, I ain't had a time to link up with him. But then when he got elected, he went on stage. And then at the inauguration, he had them with the, I give my heart to you. Now a lot of people are saying that look like a Nazi salute. Some people are saying nah, he just got a little bit of autism. He just, that was just a little bit of tism. However, I know motherfucker, it was way more autistic than Elon. And they've handed me things before. They've given me things. And none of them have ever gave it to me underhanded. Like this. They thrown things to me. But none of them ever did that, right? I'm not saying he was on some Nazi shit. Maybe he was just a fucking tism. You know, his tism was acting up. But it might have been some else. They would talk about Elon Musk, man. That motherfucker on drugs. He stayed on the academy and the ecstasy of the smuffling poppin. Like a delix. He been going crazy. Getting mad bitches pregnant. He got like 14 kids now, man. My man, I live in like a rock star. Cry, he could get in bitches pregnant. Doing mad drugs. This article is actually kind of fascinating, you know. And then there's another, there's another article that said that. It's came from the economic times. I got to tell you all. They can number times when dogs left the White House. They said that man, they found man, fucking drugs. Man, we ketamine and roaches. That was fucking dirty up in that bitch. Like they was going crazy. It sounded like they was on some rock starship. Man, it was when drugs getting motherfuckers pregnant. If I do enough ketamine, I probably break out of Nazi salute. Or some. But the, especially if I was on the shroom, they said, that shit, I have you doing all types of salutes. A Nazi salute would have been one of the least crazy is shit I did that day. However, I don't think that's good for Tesla. So as soon as I saw the Nazi salute, I was telling my financial advisors, I want to start shorting Tesla, shorting a stock. We were calling it the Tism short. Little autism short. I'm not a financial advisor. It's not financial advice. This is just a suggestion. If the CEO of a public company, if you find out he's a junkie and he's doing and he's publicly doing Nazi salute, on purpose, on accident in voluntarily. If he doesn't have the wear with all to not do a Nazi salute, even if it wasn't on purpose, he should probably short that stock. That company's in trouble. It's not a political thing. It's not a political thing. CEO of Mars Candy comes out and does a whatnotse salute on accident. He ain't no, we shorten him in him. This is after no. I think that's a good policy. Putz. Now if he's doing ketamine in shrooms, short that stock too, right? No, but he had been now. He's got beef with the homie Trump. And Trump got power to actually hurt these motherfuckers. He's out here saying the Trump, he's saying he called Trump a pet. And no one's certain terms, right? He called Trump a f***. F.D. was a wild boy. I don't want to say it publicly what he was doing. He had a freak ya'll in. F.D. make diddy look reasonable in car. And if Trump's in their win, basically he called him a f***. Here's the thing. I'm saying we should short test. If I'm trying to say, I think that's a homie make money off it, right? And maybe even to space it, that's publicly traded as well. Because check it out. I never been present in the United States. Full disclosure. But if a CEO of another company started calling me a f***. Wow, I'd probably cancel the government contracts with him. I probably wouldn't be doing business with him. I'm a chartered government, he insharaged the company. We probably shouldn't do business together. Now Tesla is down like 15% today. 15% that's a shitload in one day. And E-line is out here doing Nazi symbols, potentially doing a lot of drugs. Who probably have three, four more babies before the year's over at this pace and he's in the beef with the most powerful man in the world while running several companies. So he's getting bad bitches pregnant, running several companies and has a beef with the most powerful man in the world. Even if the drugs aren't true, those are enough things that if any CEO, any CEO is not a legal thing, was involved with it. I think by some puts on that stop might be appropriate. So that's how a plan on making money off this beef. No matter how it ends up, but if you don't want to do puts or you ain't got no money to do puts, where I can put it's cause money, you're just starting on not spending this business. I got a free people who got the tank of man, it's a long line of training. It's show you how to grow your own not spending this business, even if you don't have a big problem, even if you're not certified. Even if you don't have a lot of experience, that's how many my first meal in the first meal, you check it out. You might be interested in for you. Because if you ain't got no money to buy Tesla puts, you got to go make some money. All right, let's get it.