Donald Trump has released a line of watches. I love everything about him. I'm a watch guy I love watches, you know, I got a rich meal. I got a few APs, road lexas, more G-shoxing. In one, you know. All right. So here it is, man. The Trump watch is a few of them. All right. So first man, we got fight fight fight. This is his signature. Ask cool. This is a dive watch obviously in gold and ceramic. You know, let's see what Trump has to say about it. Hello everyone. It's President Donald J Trump and it's Trump time. Check out Trump's review. And it's Trump time. You see what he did there? It's one of my new watches where it proudly on your wrist and everyone will know exactly what it's for, who it's for, who it represents. It's really going to be something special. Well, you mean death is signature. That's a little like scribble, scrabble. That is the like a polygraph test. It was going to be a favorite president. Get your watch today. What is it your favorite president? Yeah. All right. What? Trump watches that. Come, remember, Christmas is coming. He's making a great Christmas gift. It's Trump time. It's Trump time. Let's find out more about the fight fight fight. All right. So this one is in gold. Obviously this is the two-tone variety. And this one is, you know, looks like that's, it looks like it's still, we're going to see if it's why it goes still. It looks like a red. I feel like that but match what I have on today. Oh yeah. Red and silver. It's on silver and gold. Tom. Onix and gold. Tom. The gold and gold? You better snooze a loo. You're only making a thousand. All right, missile dissed edition. Fight fight fight watch. It's played it with the president's own favorite color. Go. In the same metal, go. But we need all these prices, you know, so whatever you know, you can do. Right? This is played with 18-care gold. A strong statement of ambition and success. We've customized this edition version by adding the dayday display to the dial. This allows you to keep track of both the day and the week and the day. The day of the week and the day. He's only making a thousand and he's you can pre-order now. It's off fucking round man. Go ahead and get you one of these a gold gold fight fight fight. Maybe the fucking gold is too austintatious for you. Perhaps you want something more under their radar. Be read this fight fight fight. This watch cap suits Trump's relentless fighting spirit. That's what I thought when I saw it. All right. It features the president's signature. But a red dial best look. We're boldly in display your patriotic spirit. Oh, you know what? That's a picture of her on the back of these love vuggers. It got the image of after he knew him saying after they tried the poppin's top. Right. And he got up and pumped his fist in the air. He got the image. Yeah. Yeah. As we say fight. Yeah. This is that's why it's the fight fight fight. I know they had it on the back. In case one Trump signature wasn't enough for you. You might have needed his name again on that shit. That's seconds Trump signature. How many times does this watch have his name on it? Two on the front and two on the back. You're so fucking with Trump, man. You're trying to kill Trump. You're going to make a watch about a year. Get some fucking cream. Let's say I want one of pre-warded men. You're saying, all right. All gold. That's a bit much too tone. That's kind of old manish. This looks more new school. Get the red fight fight fight because I want to proudly de-play and display my patriotic spirit. I can pre-warded this for five hundred. That's actually not a bad price. You know? That's just to see some specifications on this motherfucker, man. That's a lot of water resistance world. Three hundred and thirty feet. Hey, he also accepts Bitcoin. All right. So they'll take real money and fake money. You hurt? It's automatic movie. The bezel is aluminum. I got them bad to say about it. You know, you got a really like Trump to have his name on it four times. But I don't know. It owns a daily wear. You just saying if this is your boy, who needs a Rolex. You could just get you a fight fight fight fight. All right. So you can get the diver or you can get this. If you want to class it up motherfucker, the Trump victory turbine. I want to watch that video about it. Hold up, man. Try to kill Donald Trump. Hey, watch him make a watch. Well, everyone at your favorite president Donald J Trump here to introduce my favorite president was Lincoln for obvious reasons. Wait, wait. Let's see what my man's talking about. Something really special. I think you're going to love it. My new Trump watches. We're doing quite a number with watches and the quality to me is very important. The Trump victory turbine. This isn't just any watch. It's one of the best watches made. It's a turbine watch with almost 200 grams of gold and more than 100 real diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. That's a lot of diamonds. I love gold. I love diamonds. We all do the only 147 of these extraordinary watches will ever exist in the world. Only 147, James. Let's think big. World and owning one puts you in a very exclusive club. I have watched number one and I'm going to keep it. It's mine and that's the way I want to have it. Each watch is numbered and extremely rare. A true collector's item and includes a personal letter signed by me. Get your Trump watch right now. Go to getTrumpWatchis.com. It's Trump time. Trump. So I've got the amitlets check this out, man. Turbiont is actually a really sophisticated watch movement. So when you see a Turbiont that's hidden in middle spins, right? Back in the days it was used for pocket watches. It had a real functionality in pocket watches, but now when they put it on wrist watches, it's unnecessary, but it's just like away from watchmakers to flex. It's actually a very complicated movement. First of all, it's only making 140 of these. If you want the 50 for when you out a love bitch, should have fucking stepped up, which you'll pour in. You should have pre-order that shit. For you got sold out, I mean, what we got? We got the gold with the black dial. We got the gold on gold dial. That's the first one. That's the one that's the one that died. Yeah, and you got the rose gold on his hose. Rose gold is typically more expensive than regular gold. I guess it's more difficult to manufacture. However, like there's less gold in rose gold. They add copper to that shit. Do you give it that color? So it's like less gold, but it's more expensive. Same thing with white gold. White gold is like less gold in it. They add, wrote him to it to make it white. Like so this cardier bracelet area is in white gold. Yeah, but it's more expensive than yellow. I guess it was the difficulty in making it. Design for the president. The Trump big, the return beyond the design. This is one of classic sophistication combined with President Trump's symbol of success gold. Almost entirely made of 18k. ago. Come on, let's go man. Be ready to wear a declaration of victory as a hard line. Yo, whoever wrote this copy, my hats off. The most brilliant of medals on that I'm going to tell you how good gold is. All right, whatever, that's cool. A statement of limited luxury on the power reserve 105 hours. Pretty good. That's due to the turbine. I'll move me the thickness. Oh, it's pretty thin. Pretty thin watch. Pretty for a turbine. You got to have none bad to say about the watch. That's a honeyk. I could add that to my cart right now. The other one was I got a pre-order. I can go ahead and add that to my cart. I could give him a magic key right now. Is this one a hundred k as well? Oh, that's a hundred k too. Let's see if the rose gold is more expensive. Oh, man. You know what? They ain't even charged his more for the rose gold. Look at that. This must say James too. Will they say Brand In Listening B if I caught me the Trump turbine. Now there's a thing. You pre-order these joints. They won't be available until sometime in between November and as late as December. Which leaves me to believe that your pre-order is actually paying for it. I think that's a cool thing to do with business. I remember it might have been 2016. I came out with some shirts. And mean the homey white boy Brown we was wearing our shirts and all the videos and people were asking you how do we get these shirts? How do I get these shirts? And then we just launched a pre-order for we used a pre-order money to put in the orders this way we'd have to make a whole bunch. And if they didn't sell, we would have just refut it, everyone. Nobody loses under those circumstances. Trump's probably doing that right now. And he probably want to get the pre-orders in because the race is like 50-50. So if he loses, watch some of that be the same demand. But now he's got the sort of fan base. There's some of us who will just buy that shit, man. Which one are you growing here? Are you guys going to get the victory turbine or the fight fight fight? Now let me know in the comments. Something you don't have to pre-order. Something you can get right now. If a free is my ebook the 10th members of all line training. Show you that. I'll start your online business stuff. I made my first million. And now it's he's up to be right to do it. You may not have a honeyk-a for the victory turbine. Yeah. Down the book. Learn how to start your online business business for free. You know, you might not be able to get the turbine. Because it's only a thing. You'll be making a 147-o, man. It's 147. Because he sang and he'd go and beat a 47th president. You see what you did there? Or did you all missed it? That fly over your motherfucking pain? You got to do a little bit of mental gymnastics for that shit to make sense. But you get it. You could get you a fight fight fight and they're making a thousand adults. I might give me a fight fight fight. In case I wanted to have a conversation piece of my family reunion. It's a subliminal message to the voter. Where does this to the poll? The rally? The clan meeting. I'm just joking about the clan meeting. The not all trump supporters are in the KKKK. But if you win the KKKK, I know I'm just fucked with you man. I'm not political at all man. I'll give a book. I got friends who can't pain for Bernie Sanders. I also got like a good friend of mine. He got arrested for charging the capital after Trump lost the last one. I got friends on every side of the aisle.