I haven't done a video like this long time, but I decided I'm going to do a full day of eating video so he's a state-writ in my fort. I've been up for a while. My first meals won't be too cold as I started eating. And some water probably has some green tea as well. Now I'm going to drink this much of green tea. It's like, guess I'm like mushrooms in it as well. Like lions, main mushrooms. Good for energy. It's a much shit. Alright, so I just got done getting some work done in my battle station. Now about to go to the gym. I eat these bars, these keto bars, they usually call a keto bars, but not a call a college and bars, same shit though, is by perfect keto. Basically, just something light before the gym, 11 grams of protein, 3 net carbs, but different tastes to eat at any expensive job. Also before I go to the gym, I'm going to drink this LMNT. Get a little some of them electrolytes with some arborwah. Alright, now I know I made videos on my, don't cook, but I've been cooking breakfast. I got this shit. Well, Amazon, it makes the eggs perfect. And it's just quicker. It's just fancy. Oh, let me, you want to see my fridge? It's the fridge. I ate a lot of food in here because I eat almost at the time, but I got these eggs that I'm got to eat. I got a lot of liquids, a lot of water. I like water out the can, but I'll drink water out the bottle. Diet Coke, I drink a night caffeine free. Coke zero on, but I have somebody's now, green tea. I've been drinking protein, non dairy. Just experiment with some non dairy. I want you to think I'm soft, though, because I got this vegan protein. I will steal my milk when you want to. A lot of sales is, this is my girlfriend's because she drinks sugar, ginger ale, she drinks sugar, she drinks alcohol, that's her. Probably this sinmedish it all the time. I kind of just give it a guess, it's fine, and then we're on with it. Lots of sauces, hot sauce, salad dressing, ketchup, barps sauce, this that shit, sweet baby raised, I got it upside down, so it goes to the bottom, but this is the no sugar add-ups. That's my shit. You know what the rest of the shit is, my girls, you know, I have to see how you drink the shit. All men milk. My girl got this all men milk. All men milk is a scam. They should call this shit all men juice. All right, milk, that's the comfort of a titty. Everybody knows that, everybody knows that milk has to come from a titty. This should be called almond juice. First you spray some Pam spray or some shit like that on the pans, and then you just dump the eggs in there. Then you put the covers on them and throw them in the microwave. Four minutes in the microwave. If you're doing six, if you're cooking less, less than six, you can put them in for less time. All right, so here's my first real meal of the day. Six eggs, got some baby kale, then I'm going to eat with some of the thousand-hour then dressing. And berries you can eat berries on keto, green tea, I drink three cups of green tea per day. I mix it with a mint tea, that's green tea and mint tea. It goes hard, coke zero, I know some of y'all nerds trip about artificial sweeteners. You got to remember man, it might hurt you, but it won't hurt me. I'm an invisible black guy. And I do something, I don't know, just making over the top. But I weigh my salad dressing, so I got on a scale, put it in zero. What could amount of calories, man? So you don't have to wind those up, drizzle drizzle, make sure it's on grams, 46 grams. I put all these in my fitness pal. Let's go. All right, so it's a little later in the day, a little afternoon snack, more green tea, and another way these keto college embossers. Got to go do another workout, little pre workout snack. It's probably not the best thing that you pre workout just at his life, something like. I got to feel alive, tell him, just me. I got so proud of you, boy, when he gets his day, you're mad. Get that's me. And if I'm taking a shot, I don't miss who knew I would be at a top like this. And no one made my goals for me. But I'm a Zaggy. I post workout, prok, do you shake? You see my queen always should cook in. Cookin' said, what was this? This is the bowl, it's riverbind. You know what I'm gonna do? That's like a... Pause. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pause, yo, yo, we was at one of our friends house, we were all safe. But she just cooked, she just cooked the meat without washing it. And if you come from a black, or Hispanic home, you wash him before you cook it. But she just threw that shit in the pan. Like it was all good. And we were mortified. What do you believe in God? Is do you wash your meat for you cooking? Pause. Or you just throw that shit on the pan, and that God figured it out, man. You have to say I hear playing Russian red with your produce. Let it let me know. We still ate the food, and it was delicious. And nutritious, it was just... We just wasn't accustomed to that, you know? Look. Cheers to make it broccoli. Me, so should we make it that state? Here? See, see us waiting for a player? Manna. What's that for? Tell him what that is. She's the meat, the mama does. She's teaching me to get a medium, medium rare. You like a medium rare. I like a medium rare. So, what temperature that I have in on for the medium rare? Anywhere between 130 and 155. Yo, if you're growing, get the meat, the mama, the... Dumbler. You ain't got to live, you ain't got to settle no more homey. All right, your girl just fucking guessing. She just guessing cooking is shit, man. You know what I'm saying? You'd be trying to get the medium rare. As she come out well done, bitch ain't got to meet the mama, they're made. Just dump her. All right, because you could be living like this. You can just hand you could have this. Now we get broccoli in this tomorrow. And she weighing it for for your boy. Who's gonna go out to eat tonight? But there was a fucking hurricane or something shit. The streets with flooding. That's the thing Miami summer. Everyone's a while. There's gonna raise the hard that people can't drive. Or fly, yo, she came in. You flew into that. I did. She was a she was in Tampa or some shit, you know, for a baby shower. I ain't want to go. They asked for you. They asked for you, but I wouldn't... They was working. I wasn't working, though. I was with my son. I was working on breaking this cycle of no father's in the black community. Already got here. We have 13.5 ounce bonus rib. And then 13.8 ounce broccoli. Mm. And then the greens and the protein. So what does set the first bite in his state? She does bust it. Hi. She cooked. She cooked the hell out of this shit. How you prepare the steak, though? She got a business. She gatekeeping. But you know what I'm saying? Maybe your girl got to figure it out. Rice. And the thing you see Dominican rice, which she used to cook in big ass bananas. Open man's gonna do the steak. That's what she's saying. She's now used to cooking that she used to cook in big ass bananas in rice. But now she's cooking keto shit, man. What do we eat with the rice? What do we eat with the rice? Reins. Reins. And steak. Or chicken. Y'all call it beef steak, though. Beef steak. It's weird, man. But you don't solve it, but you know listen. You take the deal with the bag. So she killed this shit. Yeah, I'm scared. Alright, so that's what I ate for the day. 280 grams of protein. 206 grams of fats. And only 60 grams of net carbs. Total calories. I want a little bit over my calories. I'm gonna be honest with you. But yeah, I ain't going to pay because I'm gonna cook that. But you can't steak for your boy. So my calories is 3000, 300, and 90. It's cool, man. I work it all. I work it all. You know, I'm not really on a cut right now. If I was cutting, I would have about 25 l of calories. But I'm not going to have a little bit more size. So I'll take the extra calories. It was slightly overmanaged. I don't know how to end this video. I got an else to say. So we're going to do it like that. Thank you.