If you want to make money as an online fitness coach, I want to show you exactly what the post on Instagram. So you grow your father, boost your engagement, and most importantly get more online training clients. So you can start making more money than a thought with only fans, link in our bio. If you watch this video to the end, you will learn what the post, how often you should post, and I'll also break down my proven money making Instagram post informative that I've used to help over 15,000 people start their own online fitness business. If you can't watch this video to the end, then you are destined to keep wasting time, posting cringe bullshit that will make you know money. And the only good thing about that is that only a few people will laugh at your goofy ass because most people won't even see the shit. I see trainers all the time complaining about, oh, I can't get any engagement. My father won't grow. I can't get no online clients. The market is saturated. So I'll bullshit. My students and I are getting new online clients all the time. If you watch this video in and actually follow the steps, you won't have to worry about it. I'm going to show you what the post, how often the post, and I'm going to show you why you don't even need a big following to get a ton of views on your rails and shit. So you can get all that in more and the last tip and be the most important. First thing we need to understand is how often should you post on Instagram? Well, I want to show you a video from the CEO of Instagram, the man in charge. Out of questions and the last couple of days about how much to post on Instagram. And so I did want to make sure you know that you should prioritize quality over quantity, but in general, posting more will help. The more you post, the more people you're going to reach, and the more your follow count is going to grow over time. The more you post, the more people you're going to reach, and the more your following is going to grow over time. That is the mother fucker in charge of the grant. He is the CEO of Instagram. He's saying the more you post, the more people you reach, the more your follow is going to grow over time. So having a sit, how much should you post? If you're not posting at least once a day and you're not even trying, I have some students making 50 grand a month or more. I have one student, I'll show you some of our videos later in this who made $1.5 million dollars. That's our online trainer last year. My top students are posting three, four times a day. Why? Because like the CEO of Instagram, say, a more you post, the more your follow is going to grow over time. And you don't have to worry about posting too much, is because the algorithm changed over the years. This is how the algorithm works. And this is why it's not important to even have a big follow anymore. Check this out. Let's say you post a real. This is a very important. We want to focus on reals. Reals get the most reach on Instagram. So you can post pictures in our ship or reals get the most reach. When you first post a real, what's going to happen is Instagram is going to show it to a small segment of your followers. We'll call this test one. So they won't even show it to everybody. All right, they're going to show it to a small segment of your followers. If these people watch it and or engage with it, then Instagram, the, oh, these people are really fucking with the video. And they'll show it to a larger portion of your audience. So this will be the second test test. Two, you can't post too much because it's never going to show it to all your audience. You can't post too much. Maybe like five, six years ago, you could, but this is the way the algorithm works now. Right. So you're going to get one test one. Oh, you're going to show it to a small segment. If those people watch a certain amount of it, watch time is the most important metric. If they engage with your content, that's helpful. Right. If they save it, that's helpful. But the most important thing, Instagram cares about is actually watch time. So it's those people watch it, boom, then it sends it to a second test. If those people engage with it, time it save, but most importantly, watch a high percentage of it. Watch time is the most important metric. If those people watch it, they don't just skip through it. Boom. Then it's going to go to test number three, where they'll show it to a larger segment of your audience. But also, it'll start showing it to new people, they'll show it to some new people, some people you don't even know. This is how you grow your following. You have to make it out of your test, out of these tests. Boom. Then it's going to test it again. But the next test is going to be more people you follow, but also don't follow you. This is why the CEO of Instagram is going to say, hey, the more often you post, the more people you reach, the more you follow them all the time. Right? So I'll show it to a big audience. And then boom, if it passed, that test, that's when you start to go viral, where they start showing it to mostly people who never fucked with you before, and never saw you before. The blue represents new people. And it's still showing people in your audience as well. This is how the algorithm works. So you got to make it out of each test. This is why it doesn't matter if you post too much, because they're going to test it on a small group you're on a Steve Dave and like it. If they like it, then they'll show it to a larger group of your audience. If you pass the second test, then it's just our show on it to more your audience and new motherfuckers. If you pass that test, then it's going to show it to even more new motherfuckers. And then if you pass that test, boom, then you start to go viral. You can't post so much. And the thing is, you want more shots at bat. You know what I'm saying? So eventually, the more you post, the more chances you have of passing these tests. But now, what do you post? So before I show you the different content styles, especially for fitness influencers, you need to know the structure of the content. And it's something I call the epic formula. I teach this to my students. I felt over 15,000 people grow online fitness businesses. I call this the epic formula. Right? So the beginning of the epic formula is says for engage. Meaning you have to grab attention. And this is going to be the first five seconds of the video. The first three or five seconds of the video. We focus on videos because videos get the most reach and the most engagement on Instagram. Every since TikTok came out, they started prioritizing reals and videos. And you don't understand it. So boom. Five seconds. You want to make sure you grab an attention within the first five seconds. Okay? We'll show you some methodologies of how that later in the video. The P of the epic formula stands for premise. After you grab attention, you gotta tell them what the shit is about. They need to know why they should pay attention. Why should they give a fuck to your numbed's videos, man? Why should they pay attention? And this is going to be after the first three to five seconds. Sometimes the first five seconds is called the hook. How do you hook people in? If you hear me refer to a hook, that's what I'm talking about. So this is after the first five seconds. After this is after hook. And then the eye is info. This is very important. If you want to make money as online training, you have to post helpful information. Don't nobody want to see you mother fucking dance. Don't nobody want to see you do that shit where people point you. No, no, no, no, you gotta tell them like the fucking good shit. You gotta give them information that's helpful. Guess what? I'm doing this shit right now. Right now in this video is following Epic formula. This is the eye portion of the video. The info and you're fucking watching it. That's how I'm telling you to shit works. But we're going to condense this down in the one minute or so. This is where you teach. And this is should be the main part of your video. You're really teaching. Don't worry about teaching too much. It's the main part. And then see stands for CTA. And CTA stands for call to action. That's a market intern. You motherfuckers ain't go to college. But it's a market intern, which means this is when you tell them what to do next. For example, here's the CTA. Hey, if you want to learn more about being an online trainer, I have a free ebook called the 10 Commandments of online training. You'll show you how to grow your online business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're not certified. It's a free ebook linking this description. Oh, that was the CTA. And it's real. It's in the description right now. You should click it. If you want to make money as online trainer. And that ebook, I go into all these concepts in more detail. But that's the CTA. You see what I did, man? I'm a marketing genius. I did this in the fucking beginning of the video. You typically want to do it at the end. A lot of the time, just you can give away something free. Tell them to download something free. You can say, hit the link in my bio for this free shit. Or if you want to work with me, comment something below. All the people who comment that word DM them. And you start a conversation with them, get them on a sales call and close them for online training. I don't have time to go into how to close people in online training or how to train them. That's covered in the free ebook to 10 Commandments of online training. If you want that, the links in the description. Oh, another CTA. Right there. I'm the man. All right, let's keep going. This is the foundation of all online content that I do, right? The epic formula. Now, there's different styles of videos you can post. You do what I do never want to see is you just putting your fucking phone on a floor. Filming you working out. That's not helping nobody. He's just fucking showing off. You have to post information that helps people come to the goals. And the good way to do that is a video format we call talking hit. Right, talking. This is when you are just talking in front of the camera. You made you some b-roll on top of it. Here's an example. This is an example from one of my students. Corey Armstrong. Corey made $400,000 last year's online training. He's one of my star students. Let me show you a talking hit video. Where he's going to give a lot of advice. Ace to lose body fat. Watch which you. All right, so boom. The room, the hook or the the eating engagement. Waste lose body fat. Boom. Now he's going to go into the premise. And there's three drinks that keep your stomach big as hell. All right, so he's about to take you to three drinks that keep your stomach big as hell. Right. That's like the premise. Now he's going to go into the info. Alcohol. Alcohol like beverages, kill your body's ability to repair from workouts and metabolize fat. The second drink is sugary sweet drinks. Like fruit juice, soda. It has no nutritional value. And if you ain't running the marathon as soon as you drink it, that shit is going to sit on you and keep your stomach big. Zero calorie beverages. A lot of you guys feel your day with this. But don't recognize that this actually triggers your body to think that is getting sugar and make your sugar cravings go crazy. Is there? Just keep it simple. Do it these three water. Water is going to help your body. As you see, the bulk of the videos him teaching. I'm telling you the I, the info has to be the most important part. But you still have to get their attention. And you still have to tell them why this should pay attention. Okay. It's not a blast. Fat better and keep your cravings low. Coffee. Black coffee to be exact. Let me add them fucking sugars and creamers or sweetener to it. Jack and the calories up. It's going to curb that appetite and the caffeine and it is actually going to help you. Bar more calories at red on sweetened tea. Tons of antioxidants. How caffeine to help with calorie burning as well. Now he didn't do the CTA on this one. I don't know why he's fucking up. I teach my students the right. Basically right now good captain. You can just fucking take your audio. Put it in the chat to be self-directed with captain. But people read this shit. Let me show you another example. This is one of my students, Corinne Settin. Three years in a row. He's made over 200,000 dollars last year. He made a quarter million dollars on a line trainer. He's a vegan, right? But he's still cool. All right. So check the whole debt against them. All right. Let's go into it. Here's the best cardio for heart health when he comes in. All right. So boom. That was the hook or the E in engagement. So he's jogging in the camera and said, here's the best cardio right. Boom. For heart health. All right. Now we know what's up. And now he's about to go into the premise. Come see your heart. The heart is the most important muscle in the body. It's what keeps you alive. So you want to make sure you're exercising that as well. You don't want it. All right. So that was the premise, right? Boom. If we came in, you ran into the camera. Sometimes it's called a padding interrupt. When you do some kind of wacky, you're zainty. It doesn't have to be wacky, you're zainty. Just something that's going to catch attention on Instagram is stop people from scrolling. Here's the the best except for heart health. All right. That's the hook. Then he said the premise. He told you why fucking heart health is important. He keeps you alive. I'm not fucking right. Now he's going to go into the information. Let me do steady state because this is a low impact cardio. You want to do something that's a little bit more high intense. Try to stick with stage four, stage five. You switch between the two in when you have to take a little rest. Go to that stage three. That's what's going to really keep that heart strong. If you just stay in stage two and stay straight for a very long time, then you're not really testing the heart. You need to challenge it just as you challenge your other muscle. So if you want to work out plan, that's going to help you get us. All right. Here's the CTA. If you want to work out plan, right, boom. This is the, here's the call to action. Strong heart. Go ahead and comment down below. Vegan heart. And I'll go ahead and reach out to you. So you can be nice and strong and live a long life. Peace. All right, cool. Boom. So you see it is followed the structure exactly. That's why he's making so much quarter me in dollars. He just does what I say. Man, you can do the same. All right. This will be called epic captions. So you do the same thing with the caption. Right. Boom. That's hard. The hook. Make no mistakes. Hard as a bad health. For the best of premise, what it does will keep you alive. Boom. Then he writes the eye in here. The info. Then he has common vegan heart. The caption follows epic posts. People read the captions. But people are typing vegan heart in there. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. And then he's working on getting the models. It's called the clothes on line clients. That's what I teach. Just why my students make so much money. We got a formula. This is not the bullshit you was posting. All right. You put your fucking phone on the floor in the gym. Nobody wants to see that dumb shit. Nobody wants to see you just do a exercise. Right. They want to learn something, man. They're showing their physique. They're shirts off. They're showing their physique. They give you another example. This is from my student who make the most money last year. Kelly Nicole, she made $1.5 million. Gold is to lose body fat and gay muscle at the same time. I'm going to save you so much time and effort and give you the perfect macros split. Yeah. All right. So that was the hook. Now she's going to premise like she did it kind of creatively. Check this out. Yeah, that doesn't exist. Because losing body fat and gaining muscle at the same time is often just a dream or a marketing scam. Yes, it can happen if you're a newer, too lifting weights. But if you're not newer, too lifting and you just stay at maintenance and extort. Expect massive change to happen. That'd be like staying at a job that pays minimum wage and expecting massive change to happen to your bank account. Well, change it might happen. Now she's going into the info. Up in it's going to take many years for that to actually happen. So what should you do then if you want to see massive changes, pick a goal either fat loss or muscle growth and focus on that first. Generally speaking, if your body fat percent is below 22%, then muscle growth is probably a good place for you to start. If your body fat percent is 22% or higher, you might want to first focus on fat loss before you get to muscle growth. Once you decide your goal, then you can set your macros. And if you don't know how to do that, just comment macros down below for the absolute best method of finding custom macros for your goal, your body and your lifestyle. Seenless transition into the CTA. You just mentioned that they were seen that she gaped, she did the whole thing. Boom, engagement. She set the premise, she gave a bunch of info and then she said, y'all, if you want more help with that, boom. A lot of my students, what we do is we teach them to give away a free ebook or free tool and we show them how to put that together in a way that actually leads to sales. You can't really make 1.5 million dollars at the end. And as you can see, she wrote epic caption too. Boom, but she started with the cat. I don't really love when people do that, but that's fine. Right? Macros and she wrote, like, tell me, people read the caption, look how many people typing macros. Boom, she's hitting all these people up into the end, getting the more sales calls closing. That's why this is actually made 1.5 million dollars last year. It's online trainer. But those are talking heavy videos where you're talking and giving advice. Another key you need to understand with these kind of videos, you want to use a microphone. This tons of different microphones. You can get the world, it makes the microphone, it makes the microphone that you just plug straight into your iPhone. All those videos were shot by iPhones. Right? You don't need a fancy camera. Fuck that shit. Just use your iPhone. Here's the next video we post. I call this voice over tips. These are easier than talking hit. I'll give you an example of one. Check this out. This is one of that posted. Errht Fat and keep it all. First you have to track how many calories you burn each day, both from exercise or just walking around. You can track it with your Apple Watch Fitbit or an or a ring. You have to track how many calories you consume each day. I'm a psychoso I keep a scale with me even at restaurants and I track everything I eat with my fitness path. And then it's really just mad. For every pound of fat you want to lose, you have to burn 3500 calories. So if you want to burn a pound of fat a week, you just have to make sure that every day you're in a deficit of 500 calories. You need to be a burning 500 calories more than you can see each day. And if you want to burn 2 pounds of fat per week, then you have to be in a 1000 calorie deficit each day. This is guaranteed to work for everyone. All men, women, children, all mammals. It'll probably even work for all reptiles and amphibians. However, I never train what it in. So I'm not 100% sure. If you are a mammal and you want some help getting ripped and calculating your calories thrown and consuming each day, I have a free template. You can download, just comment the word goals and I'll send it to you right away. So you can see, boom, he's right. You can earn fat, keep it off, that's the engagement. Sometimes the premise and the engagement or a hook, sometimes they're baked in each other. And I feel like there was enough right there. I didn't have to go into more of the premise. It was kind of in there, right? So sometimes they're mixed. And most of it was the actual info. Then at the end, hey, if you want some more help with that, I got a free guy. Boom. And if you look at the caption, I basically had the same shit in my caption. And then people are right and goals, right? So they can get it. I check this out. This is easier than talking it video because it's just a compiled a bunch of what's called B-roll. Just me just showing different actions. Me doing shit, looking ripped. I put those together and I just spoke over it. I just spoke with this voice over it. And I get, but I still follow to Epic Formula. Let me show you another example. This is from one of my students. Man, she made over a hundred thousand dollars. Her first month in my program, Hi, ticket trainer. She's one of our stars, students. You have to make these protein bagels. They were so good. So you're going to add flour, salt, and baking soda to a dish. You're going to stir all of your dry ingredients together. And then you're going to add your yogurt. Stir that up really good. Then you're going to get your hands dirty. Need that into a bowl. Mine was still a little sticky. So I added some more flour until it looked like bitch. Number blocks for like five minutes. Now this is optional, but I added an egg wash. And of course, I had to get out my trader Joe's. Anything but the bagel seasoning and sprinkle that on top. Look how good they look. They were so crunchy on the outside and so green inside. Her is was a little more difficult than mine to film. She didn't just use B-roll. She actually filmed herself making this recipe. But then she did a voice over on top of it. You can see she's in shape. My god, guys. Right. Her target market is helping moms get in shape. Her target market is moms. And that's why you can see. If you watch the videos, they were so slow. Just like, there was like a kid running around and begging you saw a little kid. She stopped and talked to the kids about number blocks. If you got kids, young kids, you know that they really fucks with number blocks, man. My son, if you're on his number block shit, really resonates with the target market, right? She put the CTA right in her caption, DM me me bot. Remember I said, she didn't say it in the video. I wish you would have said it in the video. People, if you scroll down, people are DM in her bot. So people read the captions, man. Don't get it fucked up. People read the captions. People are commenting bot and she hits them up. Get some more sales calls. I'm going to show you another example of this. This is a Kelly, again, that my student who made 1.5 million last year. This is her doing the voice over. You never saw any progress from it. Listen up because this is why. A lot of people think they just need one macro calculation and eat it that forever and they'll make progress. But that's simply not the case. A lot of people need to go through a lot of macro adjustments to get to that end goal that they have. For some people, that means 15 to 30 different adjustments to their macros as their body changes. If you don't know, one to just your macros or how to adjust them, comment macros down below and I'll send you my free macro adjustment cheat sheet. Are you seeing man? That was super simple. You kind of mockers before, but you never saw any progress from it. If you've counted macros before, you never saw progress from it. Check this out for them. That's the hook. That's the intro. And she's just talking. She's giving a bunch of advice and listening up because this is why a lot of people. The whole thing is like just a montage basically a montage of B-roll. She's just talking over. We're going to come in macros. But people are commenting macros. Oh, man, she's hitting these people up and the DMs. Even whatever free shit she asks, get them all calls. And then she's selling them. And I teach my students how to sell. I teach them, I give them scripts of what to say in the DMs more than I can go over right now. But if you want to learn more about that, download the free ebook, the 10 Commandments of online training and put you in the right track. But this is the strategy that works right. Another style of video that you can post. Text only tips. So this is the easiest kind of content to make. Here's an example from Kelly. Right, she didn't say nothing. She just used the epic formula in this row it on the screen. You're going to say, let's run it and be sure you want to make this one more time. Just watch it. Just the hook. Oh. Is the premise? Here are the things you need to have. But here's the thing that she did do. She didn't do it all here. I don't really love this style but it works. The CTA of the video was to read the caption. But then she wrote an epic formula in the caption. Boom. She went down there and I'm going to go through all of it. Boom. A comment to work playing. Just look at how many people's comment playing. Right. She hit these people up. Use my DM scripts. Got them all sales calls. Use my sales scripts. So that teach on all students. Boom. Now she made up one point five million dollars. That's it. This is the easiest content to make. Make sure another example of this text only tips. I think it's better because she's actually giving the tips. Putting the text on the video instead of telling the read the caption. I think that's a little better but both work. All right. You get them saying you see this right? She didn't have to write as much in the caption because it was so much writing in the video. Some macros macros macros macros macros. Again, it's these people up in the DM. Use our DM scripts. Get some on calls. Use our sales scripts to close them. This is one of the easiest methods. This is probably the easiest content to make. You just have to fucking feel myself doing shit. You see how this is better than when most people are posting. Right. This shit is more compelling. You want to sell coaching. You have to teach in your content. So they know you're the real deal. It's not just about how you look. It's about how much you teach. How much game you can give them. Another solid video. This is transformation. You can use your transformation. This is a turning into a real. It's another example from Kelding. Just be real if you're looking fat. Now she's in this kind of shape. She's fit. That's compelling content. So that was a text-only transformation. Here's another way she did. Her same transformation. You can post the same kind of video with the different format. You'll see. Anything's I would do differently to get from here to here. Right. So it's actually showing her transformation. This is fast. 1. Instead of training 60s a week, I would only train four days a week. Training too much and hey, that's recovery in progress. And was doing me more harm than good. 2. I would stop trying to focus on eating as clean as possible and instead, sugarcounning macros so I could eat what I want in social progress. This would also keep me on track longer because I wouldn't end up binge eating or going off the rails because I was trying to eat as clean as possible. And the most important one instead of just sitting at the inance and hoping changes would come. I would go through cycles of cutting and building. This way, I could lose the body fat I want to lose. Build muscle and see changes a lot faster than sitting at maintenance. This is called nutritional periodization and it's how I've helped thousands of women get results like this. If you don't know if you should start with a cot or build a. It's a CTA. It's beautifully done. This was, this was one of my best to do. This is perfect CTA single list. First, just comment quiz below for my free quiz. It started as a talking hit but it was really just like a voice over as well. Right. But it's cool. It's like good intro started and then she went into the thing. And then she wrote all this. Comment quiz. Look how many of you are coming in quiz. Endless. Right. Again, it's hitting these to cheese. DM and these people using my DM scripts, getting them on a call, using our sales scripts, closing. Oh. I don't have no examples of me doing in manca's. By the time digital cameras is out, man, I was already looking better than everybody. Right. So, I'm old. I'm 42. Those type of videos are to stop. Now what kind of content can you use with those styles? A transformation is one of the types of content you see. You saw one that was text only when there was voice over. You would also do what foods you eat is another example from Korean Armstrong again, who we make 400,000 dollars less here. Here's the top protein sources to help you get rid of. Boneless, skinless, chicken Breaks. It's lean and it goes with everything. Laying ground turkey. On cure turkey bacon. Lesson flammatory. More protein beef, tops are long. Laying ground beef. Make sure it's 90 to end. Salmon. But if you do wild caught. Same with the shrimp. If that wild caught. Or you can get some hot-ocked organic, shredded beef. That's already fully cooked. Or the salmon that's in the pouch. Keeping it fishy, pouch tuna, or canned tuna, or sorry days if you want a salty. You can get these meats thick, spicy, chicken, respectively. Protein shakes. Either pre-mix or powder. Japanese-morking vignette. Gricky yogurt. Hard boiled eggs. Way to go. Grass fed jerky. And the organic cold cuts. Not that processed bullshit. He didn't do a CT in the video. He knows why, but there's a lot of good information, right? But you see that video, that was a talking video. It was like, what kind of foods is it? What kind of foods you eat to accomplish your goal? Let me show you another example. That was a talking hit example. Here's another one from Jen. Alright, so this was very important. In all the videos I'm showing, the trainers are showing their physique. I hate when trainers. Say why am I not getting me traction? You're not showing your physique. She's like, what do I eat every day? That's the hook. And it's also she's showing her physique. Off the rip. And remember, keep to some of my sheet targets, mom. That's her target market. She shows her kids, right? That's very important. You've got to throw in things that make your target market know that they can relate to you. There's another example for me. Keto for eight years. And here's what my pantry looks like. Come on. I've got to keep some sparkling water. You know, no tons of sparkling water appeared. Then I got a whole surplus at the bottom. Whole reservoir. I buy them both because I drink like two or three days per day. I like dico. I'm a big ass retain fan. These are my girls' sodas. She likes these. She likes real sugar. You know, whatever. It's cool. There we got regular water. Those are good. Sometimes you want regular water. Mata shots. I like green tea. Mata drink those. Thanks, Christian. Logan Paul. They send me this every month. Primes. Nicol. The people who added this video, they added it out when I said the frost of flakes are not for me. So like half the videos are ever never me. But then you knew to put your CTA. You can, you know. Because another talking hit style, what I eat video. All right. Next style of video you can post. Make money is online trainer. Test the Montios. So you could have test the Montios if you're clients. He's another room from gin. Only four pounds down and it's six packgains. Let me show you what we did. Here's my client. A busy mum of two who thought she had to lose a ton of weight to see results. Until we started working together. Between school drop-offs and pickups, we prioritized strength training and proper nutrition not extreme dieting. So that mommy pouch. On abs showing all without starving herself or spending hours working out at home. So if you're looking to lose fat and build muscle DM me goals and let's see if we're good fit to work together. Well done, right? She showed her clients who got in shape, but drop goals. Boom. People start dropping goals in there. She's DMing and people hitting them up. I'm sure example, this is not a fitness example. You can also do it like this. I didn't do it a real. So I had this video. But then I showed it. So sometimes you can do videos with a carousel and this is just me with some testimonies from my students who I teach how to grow on not fitness businesses. What's your business the year? The last year was a record year. We finished at $470,000. A lot of this to you and the team just being able to continue to provide the value and consistently being there to help. So I'm a totally grateful man. And of course you're running a blog. I'm saying 9k, 8k, 8k. Your first 28 days in the program? Come on, right out the gate. Let's go. Is that the most money you ever make from your fitness business? Yes. This gives out a hundred a round of applause. Last month was about 10 and then 40 year. It was 245,000. Let's give correct around the applause. Last month wound up with 26,500 and one dollar. I finished in the year at $260,546 in 70 cents. Come on, you're all not treated. Yes sir. It'd be one thing that's all Christy. What Christ? South of Christ man, that's the last month we finished 13k. We got to 120k for last year. I'm so grateful because I doubled my income since last year. I don't know the currency you've seen. I don't think I had seen. It's him. It's him. Last month I brought the money for. Come on, man, you make $10,000 last week. From all just over. September. It's been a super excited guy. I finally hit my first 20k month. I did 20.1k last month. And I'm doing nothing special guys. I'm doing exactly everything that Brandon teaches. So you can do a testimonial like that. So you can just have if you have a budget testimonial like me. Obviously that was for online training. But if I was selling fitness stuff, I could have did it with my clients. If you have like video testimonials from him or if you don't have video testimonials like him, you could just tell the story of them with their before and after the way gendered. And she blocked out their face because some people like eminent, you get that school. But like these are real testimonials. Maybe you guys want to learn how to do this. I look the free ebook, the 10k man is the one I'm training and start learning with my clients. Start doing. Actually, the growing business started in some of this money. Another one you could do is the best supplements. Here's a talking head version from Korean you saw he made $275,000 last year. That's sleeping supplements you can get right here in public. So when it comes to sleeping supplements, I usually stay away from melatonin because when comes a melatonin, you can get very dependent on it. And if you get dependent, that means that you have to always use it just to go asleep. So something that you could take on and off, especially if you have a racing mind, is this gaba. Alright, I highly recommend taking this is something that I take personally as well. I recommend a lot of my students. I remember this video is like, you only see no fancy editing here. You don't need no fancy editing, no fun crazy. You don't need it. I don't want that to be a hinders. Sometimes my videos have fancy editing, but I got neema. I got a guy on staff who's really nice with this shit. I'm telling you my students are doing this shit by themselves. Right, you're exactly right. So take it and with gaba, it helps relax the body and the mind. There are no cuts on this. It helps you to stop testosterone as well. So if you're trying to build some muscle mass while you're sleeping because that's where all the magic happens, take gaba. My second best is going to be a 5HTP. So when it comes to 5HTP, this is really good because it helps with serotonin production. Okay. Now, if you try either or the gaba or the 5HTP, you can actually- We're going to watch this go. He's just talking about the shit in the video, right? Then you go and you wrote an epic caption. This is working really well, right? It's just a talking hit. But you could do this. Again, you could do this voiceover style too. You could just, you show in each content each supplement. You could take or you can do it. Text only style showed the supplements you take, right? Different ways to do it. You make the same video three times with three different styles. Talking here, voiceover, text only. You see, none of these are fucking bullshit in the gym videos. Right? You can do videos in the gym where you show exercise, but you still want to do it like this. Talking here or you don't want to just be in there, lifting and thinking that's going to get you some fucking plant in, so without teaching them something. You can also do hacks. Every time I post something that's like a hack somebody said, there are no hacks. It's just fucking calories and calories out. Yeah, dumb ass. But you know, there's some different ways to get the calories burnt. Bring way to burn fat. First, think your body weight in pounds times 10. And that's how many calories you should get each day. You're going to track it on your phone with my fitness pal. You're going to walk 20,000 steps every day. How are you going to do that? Well, if you like me when you have your desk, why are you working? You're going to have a treadmill. You can't afford that. They go outside. Outside is free. Oh, you're doing that walking. You're going to be listening to some podcast on how to get money. So you can get some money in a four-year cell, a treadmill desk. Do that every day to your ideal weight. That is a hack. Fuck with the nerds say that is a hack. Man, tell me, you'll get to a treadmill desk is a fucking hack. Fuck with the nerds say that was a talking head hack. Well, what do you should know? All these videos get, I'm showing my physique. Even if I got a shirt on, it's a fucking tank top or something. You got to show your physique. Only drink, bring me protein shakes. I'm drinking protein shakes multiple times a day. So I'm not going to be out here mixing, shit up, or shaking, shit up. It didn't have to do a dish. Have to clean it. I shake this up, drink it, throw it away. Then I'm back again in this money. Everything's going to say something like this, or the fact that I don't you silverware. I only use paper and plastic. People say, all you just get a mate. If you've got so much money, all you just get a mate. Listen, my housekeeper comes once or twice a week. But I eat multiple times a day. I'd have to have a living mate or like a nanny or some shit. So a lot easier to throw this shit away. As a way I say time, energy. I can devote that time to the acquisition capital. My favorite brand is Quest. I think these tastes the best. Good amount of protein, 30 grams. I'm patented down a few of these per day. And this is an easy convenient way to get more protein. Sometimes I just want to drink this instead of eating a steak. It's got to be premade because one thing I'm not doing is dishes. Like I remember when I had a nanny for my son. And I was like, this is dope. She comes. And she does everything for me. She makes him a little lunch. She cleans up everything. And she makes him breakfast in lunch. I was like, man, I need a nanny. So those are like hacks you can use. I'll show you one more piece. Games to lose that. Get yourself a Nintendo switch while you're on the exercise bike. So I'll play game, smash a bro's or spit some while I'm burning fat. Or you can just sell up an iPad mini and play game called Call and Duty Mobile. And you can play that while you're on the exercise bike. Drop it, nukes on the haters and burn in fat. So I'm on a tame easily. Or you can get yourself a little bit of these nerd mask. I'll kill this. And what I do is I strap this to my fucking face. And I play boxing game, creed, or my favorite is super high VR. You know, make your true an agents. And I know that's I'm burning the most calories with this because I track it with my ordering. And these are fun ways to burn fat. All right, if you got some hacks or some shit that you do that's different or something you recommend that's different than other people. Some something unique make a video about I'm telling you, man. That's hacks. Another style of video you can do is day in the life content. People love warriors and they love reality TV. That's why the fucking credit. Credation has became billionaires all this shit. You get interested in some knowledge in it to help them accomplish the goals. And how I do it is all voice over style. Take videos throughout the day when I'm doing what my phone, though that shouldn't cap cut, talk over it. To another day in a life of a baller shot call or in Miami floor. Start my day with a quick workout in the gym. I'm showing them that I'm working out. I'm showing them I'm rip, right? This is very important. Right before I go live on Instagram and TikTok simultaneously because I got too fun. Then my girl and I went to her photo shoot for her new bikini line. Some of her friends showed up for the shoot. I'm hoping she can turn this into a billion dollar business so I can be a stay at home boyfriend. The girls continued to frolic in the water but I had to leave to meet up with my boy, Eli on his boat where he was having an event. He had some food on the boat. Obviously I had my skin. Right? What the walk, right? You can throw shit in there to speak to your target market. I'm talking to trainers. That's extreme for trying that out. Not all trainers are doing that but if they see it, they like, you know, they know what's up. If Jen was doing it to mom, she would like her bikini, picking her, dropping her kids off at the car line, making mom shit, right? I'm doing baller shit. You know what I'm saying? But she would do mom shit. It means a way to food because you're not tracking you slack. The homey, robby pulled up to the boat in another boat. And me and the homey Eric went to the heat game later than night. They heat loss. But the only thing they could cure my sadness was watching these old people dance at the time out. Now I could have threw a CTA on there, right? But I don't always do that on the day in life videos, but it would have worked too, right? You know, I really like this content. And people like it too, it brings them in your life. Welcome to another day in a life of a baller, shot caller in Miami, Florida. Started off with sunrise, ocean, front, cardio, followed by a light body weight workout. None crazy. Just like work. I did more cardio while taking my first meeting. But I'm showing on working out doing this cardio. You know what I'm showing that I live this shit. Took some more meetings with the camera facing the ocean to flex on the other attendees. You've got a free water delivery from this local company called No Days Off. While on one of my other balconies, we realized that Jeremy just moved into a condo next door. So I stopped, but I was doing it. So check out the homies, no place. And he has the biggest balcony I've ever seen on a pin hop. Yo, Jeremy lost almost 30 pounds. This is, you know what I'm saying? Shout out to him. Then it was time for dinner. My favorite restaurant. Of course, I got my skill with me, my girl, and my boy time, and his girl came through. Time came through dressed like he was about to drop the hardest mix tape in a year. I don't drink, but my girl had maybe too much to drink. And that's always works out well for me. And it's like these people become recurring characters in your reality show. Right? People start the, the most invested is dope. And somebody asked how do I record hands free at the meta, the meta shades. Then you could just record shit all the time. Really easy, but a lot of shows don't want my phone. I'm sure you stay in a life of a baller shot called. I had my driver pick up me and my son to take us on our adventure. He drew a picture of me and it's super accurate. We pull up the build of bear workshop to make our own toys like bosses. He made a Simpsons colored Sonic and dressed him like Harry Potter. Then we hit a Lego Discovery World played with Legos, built Legos, played Lego games, and then bought some Legos to take home. We jump back in the whip until the driver to take us to this slime place. I forget the name of the slime place, but the place we can play with slime and do slime stuff. Then we put on the ponchos and got slime. I used to watch Nick and loading double-dears a kid and I always stop man when they just go be meat. I get slime. And it happened, man. Dreams come true if you work hard. Methods! The cardboard is at the plane to slime, rolling to slime, running to slime. Then we hit a Dave and Busters. We started playing games, winning games, winning tickets, getting merchandise. Seems like he had a pretty good day. I went to the gym to get another workout. It's on the show in my life and I'm showing them different parts of me, right? These videos are important because people in the bathroom who they have to know good like you and trust you. And if you bring them in your life, it helps build that no liking trust. I'm going to show just one more. They ain't a life of a baller shot call in Miami, Florida. My day starts super early with Ocean Front cardio and body weight exercises. Followed by Desayuno, called Minovia. She was eating walkals with some big candies. I took my morning meeting to wow exercise and doing cardio on my desk, bike, or diet. This allows me to work on my fitness and my body simultaneously. So, like I'm showing that I'm really living this shit. You know, it's not a game. You film me? I'm not done in the net two, three workouts already. Like I'm showing that I live this shit. For lunch, we hit up this spot called Joe a Beach. They had a lot of keto options for me. My girl clearly has some sort of deal with the devil that allows her to eat whatever she wants and look like this. Then I spoke in my boy Jeremy's mastermind where everyone said I was the best speaker as usual. Got another quick workout in before we hit up another spot for dinner. People don't believe this, but I take my scale with me everywhere I go. I walk the walk. I'm showing you I walk the walk. I walk away my fooling hit my macros. Then it was time to watch the maverick's loops. Right, and so the number real guy man, I watch the maverick's loops like everyone else. These videos are really well done. I really did. Maybe it's just a self indulgent. All are shot, call her in Miami, Florida. I started my day off every day with a walk on an ocean. I see this lizard every day. I named it Lorenzo. Yo, straight up. So, I'm telling you, these people become characters. If you do this enough, right, and if people really like to like you and trust you, people be hit in me, we all whistle with Lorenzo. Where's Lorenzo way? Right, after they saw him in some of these videos, we had nothing seen Lorenzo in about a year. We think we suspect he got eaten by birds. This is a circle of life. After I catch up with Lorenzo, I hit my first workout. Then it's time for sales, he means over breakfast. I hit the gym again like a G. Then start getting ready to put my gross. He got big titties and but he went and got a pick. You can have both. Me met a with Tiffany at a Korean barbecue spot because she Asian. Of course, I got to bring my skill with me, not tracking you. Slacking. We said buy the Tiffany because she was about to go get birthday drunk. Then we hit up cardio yet. And check out the new watches. I could not decide between the steel and the goal. I'ma get both. Then my knees came through. I changed clothes and took us to the arcade. We played every game twice. Then I took her to the mall. Most of us got to the mall. I ran into one of my subscribers. I guess he grows puppies and sales them. That's cool. Then we met up with everybody for dinner. And that was my day. Right. That guy said really works, man. You know, they don't have to be as wild as mine. They'd also post just like mindset shit. Talking head style really works for these. I prefer it. Like so here's the example. One is a gym or you hate dieting or you hate anything that's a dude that copstic goes. I want you to change your mindset. The fact that you don't enjoy it and do it anyway. It's something to be proud of. Because any asshole can do shit just fun and exciting. Because you're putting yourself through something that you don't enjoy in service of a goal or service of something greater that sets you apart. And it makes you literally better within them. So awesome mindset. You know, I could have said, hey, if you want some help, what to do in the gym, comment the word boom boom. You know, and that would have been a good CTF. You can give you another example of this. Or things that mentally strong men do. First of all, you've got to do it. Stop saying you're going to try to do things or I'm trying to do this. You can't be a tribe baby. That almost implies that failure is an option. You need to tackle your goals with the sense of urgency that looks like madness to regular people. Second thing you need to do, stop complaining. You always need to be looking forward. The third thing you need to do, monitor the way you talk about yourself. Because your words are just your thoughts, verbalize. So you never want to stay stuff like, man, I just can't figure out how to do this. And the last thing you need to do is to reframe all of your subjects as positive because they actually do make you stronger if you move past them. I've lost money, I've lost businesses, I've lost everything before. And I came back stronger. Now I don't have as much fear because I already know if I lose it, I know how to get back here. And when you have that kind of mentality, that makes you one of the most dangerous stuff. So that's my said. But you can do that either when you're talking to a voice over or text only, I prefer talking to those kind of videos. Those are just some of the many ideas of things you can post on Instagram that will make you more money, especially if you follow it with Epic Formula, it's going to really work for you. How do I notice that I've helped over 15,000 people be able to successful online fitness businesses? I made my first million as an online trainer before I started teaching people to shit. If you want to learn how to do it, you've got a free book, a 10 commandments of online training. So we'll break down this and more. Really how to build your business. Even if you don't have a big following, even if you're now certified, even if you don't have a lot of experience. It's the link in description. All right.