I take over a thousand milligrams of caffeine a day and I think you should take more caffeine. However, amount of caffeine you're taking, it's not enough. Caffeine has been proven to improve cognitive performance, improve physical performance, improve your health, give you superhuman strength and help you burn fat. Now a lot of people may hear me say I take a thousand milligrams of caffeine and he thinks that's excessive. Hey, you don't want to take as much as me, you probably can't do anything I do. I do all types of you can't do what you need to take more than you take it now. And a thousand is not that excessive. People start tripping when I say this shit, but let me introduce you to someone y'all might know my favorite white science man. Andrews you burn man. Let's see what he's got to say about it. Consumer about 800 milligrams of caffeine a day. I drink you. I'm half Argentine. You a jam, I drink you a mothray. I drink you a mothray. Oh, you're a zero sugar you're a mothray or I drink you a mothray out the guard. You remember everyone's favorite white science man. He's out of the team and we just we just learned day. They kind of white, but he takes 800 milligrams of caffeine a day. I heard that shit. I was like, man, look at Ricky Nors. I take over 1,000 milligrams of caffeine a day. At least now I'm not telling you that you should take that much today. You don't want to start with 1,000 milligrams. I had to work my way up today. Caffeine is a super droid. So first of all, caffeine will help you burn fat. The journal of international society of sports nutrition. But this study showed caffeine increases maximal fat oxidation during a graded exercise test. Right. Now here's the thing. What's fat oxidation? Well, fat loss is a two-part process. It's oxidation and lapoluses. Lepoluses is when your fat sales are broken down into fatty acids. Oxidation is when your body uses those fatty acids for energy. This is one of the reasons why you have more energy when you take care of them. Can they pop in? Right. So it's going to help you with fat loss. But that's not the only reason that you help you with fat loss. A lot of you guys, you have cravings. You want to eat candies and cake like a child or woman and you're like them. How are going to stop eating all these candies and cakes and sweets? Well, focus on a tasty treating amount. Right. Well, here's the thing. Caffeine is a potent appetite suppressant. When you're taking caffeine, when you're high off the caffeine, because there is a high, you won't be as hungry. So it'll be easier for you to not put a tasty treating your mouth like your mom. She can't help herself. She gets one of your caramel treats. How she's not going to put her mouth on it. Man, but you need to restrain yourself. You don't have to start with a thousand milligrams of caffeine a day. In fact, some of you might be thinking that thousand milligrams of caffeine is going to kill you. It won't. You need about 10,000 milligrams of caffeine. Kill you. Right. That's the lethal dose. 1000 milligrams? Nothing. It's not that big deal. You don't want to start there. I've been basically abusing caffeine since I was 16 years old. I said this should call ripped fuel before basketball games. One of the reasons why I let the league in fast. And I think I still have the school record for ejections in the season. I was like a young, drayman green. Caffeine also improves your mood. You know, this is men's mental health month and it's also Pride month. So it's all about the boys this month. You know, but caffeine will help you with your mood. Don't believe me. Here's a study, bitch. How caffeine can improve mental health and psychiatric disorders. One of the reasons that works is when you get caffeine, when you take a lot of caffeine, it floods your body with dopamine. It also increases the sensitivity of your dopamine receptors. Right. So you get more dopamine, but you also feel the dopamine more. Caffeine is fucking awesome. I took 300 milligrams right before it is. That's why we're all enjoying this video so much. Y'all never seen me over the last 12 years on lesson 300 milligrams of caffeine. Every time I fire up my camera, I take a pre workout. Every time, 12 years straight, I take it before work. It is not even just pre workout for me. It pre work before I'm meeting a speech. Whatever I'm doing, I'll take some pre workout before it. Not only does it improve my performance, but it makes it more fun. It increases the dopamine levels and it increases the sensitivity of the dopamine receptors. So you feel it more. Here's a quick pro tip. Take a pre workout before you have inner cores. Vaginal inner courses. That's only inner course I have experienced with. If you haven't taken pre workout before, vaginal inner course, then you basically emerge. You ain't real sex. Here's another reason why you should take a pre workout before inner course. Here's a study that shows that caffeine improves physical performance. So listen, if you haven't been taking pre workout before sex, you ain't been giving your girl the best you can do. You ain't been giving her the most. You've been half-assin it. That's why she's been cheating on you. Caffeine also improves cognitive performance. It's a new tropic. It's a potent new tropic. So here's a study that shows the effects on cognitive performance, mood and alertness. This is in sleep deprived humans. So listen, if you ain't got enough sleep, make some caffeine. It's going to help you out. Let's take a deal. Get enough sleep. Will it still help you? Well, according to Harvard School of Medicine, boom, caffeine and a healthy diet may boost memory, think and skills. The reason you get a quick wake-up call from sugar, cup cup cup of coffee. Well, white man wrote this right. It has to do with the wake-capping. Tricks your brain. Not only is caffeine a brain stimulant, but it also blocks receptors for chemical call adenosine, which normally prevents the release of excitatory brain chemicals. With adenosine out of the way, these brain sparking chemicals can flow more freely, giving you a surge of energy and potentially improving mental performance and slowing age-related mental decline. It's a super drug. People say, oh, you take too much caffeine. And the only problem with taking too much caffeine, it's as addictive. But it's also cheap. So who gives a fuck? Caffeine is cheap as dirt. Literally cheap is dirt. Like if you were at the home deep-o, and bought a bag of dirt, there would be like the same buying a fucking box of caffeine powder. It's literally cheap as dirt. You're going to prove your brain performance. You're kind of warned. That's not it though. Here's another study. Caffeine and is a cognitive enhancer? Yeah, man. Caffeine facilitates performance and task involving working memory to eliminate any step. But that's not it. Here's the thing. You may be thinking, what about your long-term health? Boom. Step for studies have shown that coffee drinkers tend to live longer than those who abstain from it. It's a studies published in the European Journal. But it's another study from an American University, Stanford University, Founding Caffeines, make counter-age-related inflammation and slow-to-age-impressess. Caffeine may counter-age-related inflammation is from Stanford University, good-of-mirroric and college. This shit is good for you. You need to take more caffeine. So what does that look like? I know you see the other guys with the morning routines, my home, my home, the ash and all, you're doing all this shit. I was like, where is the caffeine but he left a lot of stuff out. Like, ash and all, even urine ain't too normal. You understand? He left everything out. Right? I wake up and I don't take caffeine and medies. I used to take caffeine and medies, but I heard that because it blocks a denocene, you still have a denocene in your brain when you wake up from sleep, right? A denocene is the cup. I can't go to makes you tired. If you take caffeine, so as you wake up, it blocks the denocene but it doesn't allow it to clear out of your system. So that's why sometimes people get tired in the middle of the day that they start to day off with coffee. The home of you brimming and he said, to wait 90 minutes after you wake up to take caffeine. You're fucked that. I weighed about 230 minutes and then I took a pre-workout about 300 milligrams of caffeine. Pre-workout. I don't have no favorite brand. If I had to shout out one, I'm a shout out the shit called Woke AF, but I come and you call bucked up, but that's only because it does I'm a homies who own that company. Right? As long as you got 300 milligrams of caffeine, at least, I'm a good shade. I then I get in the shower and I start and I shave and I do all my old ass shit. Then I have my next meetings. Sometimes I think another pre-workout or I eat sometimes I won't. Right? I wake up around 5 or 6 a.m. The Pizzle Highfield. I'll definitely take another pre-workout by around 11. Whether I work out or not is the thing. It's from me is pre anything. Then I'll probably have another pre-workout around 3 or maybe I'll extend it to 5 or sometime between 3 and 6. PM. So I have my third pre-workout. And that gives me about 900 milligrams of caffeine per day. But I'll probably go over that because sometimes I'll take a shout out of espresso, which has about 70 milligrams of caffeine. I'll take a few shots of espresso every now and then. And it's not always pre-workout. Sometimes I'll drink protein shakes and I mix it with like 4 shots of espresso, but let's make you need more caffeine. You can't be sitting around here tired. If you tired, you might as well be re-tired. You can't compete with the motherfuckers. Who's out here? Doubt up on caffeine. And you just can't compete with them. You might have to start half a pre-workout. Maybe one shot of espresso. Figure it out, man. Now some of you motherfuckers would be like, oh man, maybe I have to take pre-workout before I go. No motherfuckers. You should not be iron-goon in for recreation. It's not something you want to be better at. But you need to have it before in a course. And before work, any kind of work, if you're going to write a book report, if you're going to study, take pre-workout for your study, man. I'm telling you, man. It's going to make it more fun and you're going to do better. And if you want more advice on how to burn fat, I got a video that will show you. You go watch right after this. All right. Cool.