In this video, I want to talk to you about poise and the e and everyday that I really think is ruining your health, messing with your mental health, slowly destroying your life in a subtle way. And the problem is everybody thinks this is okay and this substance is called sugar. In the fitness community, we all say calories and calories out. Doesn't matter what you eat as long as you get the right calories, you can still hit your fitness go for. As long as you still hit your macros, you can hit your fitness goals. And that's true to a certain extent. There's a study done by this professor. He did something called the Twinkie Diet. He lost 27 pounds even basically all junk food, but he was in a caloric deficit. So yeah, you can just get your focus on your macros and hit your fitness goals if your goals are purely aesthetic. However, sugar is really bad for you. And I've avoided sugar for the past 10 years. I'd like to make the case for you to avoid it. So even though you could still get ripped, you could still be in good shape. I want to make the case for why you should avoid sugar. Now, this is going to piss a lot of people off. I made an Instagram reel. Maybe a month ago, someone asked me, and he said, you every eat sweet. And I was like, what do you want to go? He just called me your pump man. And I said, no, man, sweet up women and children. And I said to kind of visit joke, right? People got super mad. I didn't know you guys love candies and cakes so much. They were like, oh, a little bit of sugar is bad. It's all right. It's fine. Sugar is really bad for you. Let me list some of the ways. And then I'm going to show you just how sinister this compound is. Right. So first of all, sugar zaps your energy. Here's the study that shows that simple sugars spike blood glucose levels followed by a sharp decline, which leads to crashes in energy and in irritability. Sugar is a simple carbohydrate and carbohydrates are converted into glucose or glycogen. When your blood glycogen levels go above 110, your pancreas decrease a hormone called insulin. Insulin's job is to lower your glucose levels. However, it's going to do it indiscriminately when your blood glucose levels are that high enough to spike insulin. Your body thinks it's emergency. It's going to get as much glucose out of your blood as possible. Right. And this is why people get tired after they eat or you have the sugar crash. That's what the sugar crash is. Your body trying to save your goddamn life. I get a riddle about it, extra glucose. If your body didn't do that, you would have what's called diabetes one. You have to inject your insulin to stay alive. But this could also lead. Here's another study that shows that sugar can lead to chronic fatigue. Right. So diet's high sugar can cause spikes. How it negatively affects your adrenal hormones and how it affects your cicadian rhythms. Okay. The another study showing that sugar can lead to lethargy. Right. I can really show you studies on this topic all day. But this is not the only thing that's bad about sugar. Sugar can also drive you crazy. Like really fuck with your brain and fuck with your sanity to a certain degree. Here's the study that shows that diet's diet's high sugar are associated with increased risk of developing both depression and other mental health issues. Here's another study that shows that sugar leads to depression. This is what they talk about in this study right here. Here's another one. Here's a study showing that sugar consumption can lead to stress and anxiety. Like I'm telling you, this should be bad for you. Like in fact when I was researching this video, it further cementing my legions to sugar abstinence. Here's a study that shows that there's a highly significant correlation between sugar consumption and rate of depression. This should be scary shit. I know you guys think you're gonna be sure it's okay. I can have a cheat day. I can have all this. Listen, mention this. This should fuck you up. If another study in a quote from it is, dietary sugar intake is positively associated with depression in US adults according to this study. Not only does it make you fucking crazy stress that like a spasm, it also makes you stupid. So here's the study that shows high sugar consumption. Particularly from sugar red drinks has been linked to impaired memory and cognitive function. Here is a study that shows that the sugar consumption decreases cognitive function. This is a meta-at analysis, the impact of added sugars on cognitive functions. You guys think it's okay. It's important for me to show you why sugar so bad for you and show you the studies. Because I know sometimes you won't believe it. Unless you hear some nerds say it. You want to believe this sugar is good for you because you love it. You're adding. This shit isn't addictive substance. Right now if you argue with me, you are like the crack-a-busses. Look at you, man. I can quit any time. You know, if you don't care about how well your brain functions may, I get you some sugar, man. It also shows that it increases the risk of all times. This is in older fellas, obviously. Increases the risk of all times. However, you may be thinking, oh man, I'm not an old person. So I gotta worry about that. Yeah. But hopefully you'll be a old person one day. If you got children or if you're a child watching this, it should be a consumption in children has been associated with poor cognitive function, attention deficits, and high-practivity. But you knew that as a whole say here. I think you'd be crazy to believe, oh man, it only affects old people in toddlers. Right? Everyone else is the moon. That's not what the data I've been showing you this far. It's so, right? Yeah. And here's one study that shows it aggravates symptoms of anxiety and stress. High sugar consumption can't get fake basically. Exciting increases. But not only that. It also makes you ugly. Yeah. Sugar makes you ugly. For fact, here's a study that shows that sugar accelerates aging in the skin. Sugar leads to the degradation, the degradation of collagen, right, which leads to premature aging. And that same in the same last study I showed a reference how diet's high sugar can actually lead to increased acne. Right? So if you can pimples the shit, right? Maybe you put the candy bars down for a week, man. Watch that shit clear up. Muffa is even treats all day. Wonder why the skin is breaking up. The same last study showed that it also increases skin conditions like Xema. Right? It's bad for your skin. It also promotes cellular aging, right? So it makes your your basically the gaseles and your mighty mitochondria age quicker. Right? This should be scary shit. If that wasn't enough, it wasn't enough that it made that it fucks up your energy. It makes you slow, fucks up your brain health, makes you stupider and makes you uglier. If that wasn't enough, it also fucks with your health. Hi, sugar and say it has been strongly linked to weight gain and obesity. I mean, you knew that again, with fitness industries like, oh man, as long as I'm a chlorideficit, the problem is it's difficult to be in a chlorideficit when you eat tons of sugar because sugar isn't addictive. So here's the study from Princeton University to show the sugar can trigger dopamine release in the brain's reward center. And the parts of your brain that are involved in motivation, reward, similar to effects seen in addictive drugs like cocaine and heroin. This is Princeton University saying this. So yeah, you can steal each sugar and be in the chlorideficit and get rid of the lose weight. However, you're making it difficult for yourself because this shit is addictive. It makes parts of your brain the reward center you're brain fire off. It also sugar consumption has been linked to increased risk of certain cancers. Right? My focus is out here getting cancer off to sugar. Right? It's increased risk, right? There's another one that shows me, I'm gonna give you another. There's a few, it's actually like a lot of studies that showed it in promotes cancer. All right, sugar. All right. Don't shoot the messenger. Right? I have no, I'm not promoting nothing. I'm not selling nothing. I was just shocked to how many of you guys got mad at me for saying maybe you guys shouldn't consume sugar. But let's go let's keep going. Right? So this study shows that this consumer consumption has a strong correlation to kidney disease and we had another one. In this study shows the high sugar diets can lead to yeast infections. Sugar can fuck with your reproductive health. So if you want to have some little I haven't sugar made the ministry of chances. Right? But it also weakens immune system. Assessive sugar can impair function of immune cells, reduces body's ability to fight infections. People who eat a lot of sugar get sick more. But people really think this is okay. The problem is it's addictive. You may think it's all right. But it's addictive. Here's another study from Mount Sinai Hospital where they said that sugar addiction is real. Here's the science behind and how to quit. You know, he's like, this is a real thing. Like sugar is addictive. And some studies show this as addictive as certain drugs. How do you stay in a caloric deficit if you're eating this shit that's like super addictive is as addictive as a lot of drugs. Now here's the thing about sugar. It's in a lot of your food and it's everywhere. Now some people may be looking at all that and they say, what is some good sugar and there's some bad sugar. Believe in it some sugars are good and while other sugars are bad is of fundamental misunderstanding of the sugar mark. The sucrose is in sugar. The sugar in your candy bar is the same as the white sugar. It's the table. It's the same as the sugar in your fruit. It's identical. Your body does not know the distinction. Now fruit. There is a difference in if you eat whole fruit. I'm going to talk about that in a minute. It's the same molecule this in honey, agave, all that right. It's all the same molecule and these molecules are sucrose glucose and fructose. These are the same molecules. And sucrose we're in chemistry class is sucrose is C12, H22, 11, glucose is C6, H12, O2, I mean O6 that that fructose is C6, H12, O6. And these are the molecules. The molecules are the same. The difference lies not in the sugar itself but in his packaging. When you eat whole fruits like bananas or oranges or or even apples right. It's the same molecules. However, it's a ton of fiber in that fruit. And that fiber actually causes the glucose and the sugar to be absorbed slower and you don't get the same spike in glucose levels. So if you're going to eat some of the sweet whole fruits, I really don't only like safe options, safe itch. You want some sweet the best choice is whole fruits. However, you need to understand that fruits they're natural, but fruit is all natural ish. This is what prehistoric watermelons look like. Very little of it was edible as opposed to now. You can see some watermelons without the seeds right. This is here's a banana now. You know bananas are like but back in the day it was like barely edible. It was different. It was smaller. You see what apples look like now but back in the day they were smaller than they were bitter. What happens is over the thousands of years we bred different fruits together and different strands of fruit to get what you can near grocery store. Now our ancestors would have never seen it apple the way we see it right. They wouldn't know what that was. Natural ish. It's natural the way a dog is natural like they're really wolves but we took all these wolves and we bred them into you know now you got a little dog you can fit in your pocket. We took wolves and bred them in a way where we made them how we wanted them but it's so natural ish. However it's still the best form of sweets. It's the only one I really recommend because it has the fiber. Now when you juice the fruit you really fuck it up right because now you took away all the fiber and now you just let behind pure sugar but you concentrate it the sugar. So that's why I did a glass of apple juice you need you know a few apples. You're just getting the sugar from the apple juice and throwing away the fiber to actual part is really healthy and you're just getting sugar and that sugar is the same sugar. Su-cross glucose and fru-co's is the same sugar this on your fucking table because that sugar came from a plant too. That sugar came from sugar cane like it was it's just been processed a little bit more but if you juice something you're it's a form of processing right? All those studies I showed you fruit juice is applicable to that as well. It's going to have the same effect as the fucking cool egg. Now yet as vitamins or antioxidants is better to get those vitamins and antioxidants from the fruit because you get the fiber too sugar is evil so I'm using all but it's refined sugar listen the molecule is the same on a molecular level it's the same as these molecules. That's what you need to stand in your body is going to process it in the same way. So all the negative stuff I told you about sugar applies to all forms of sugar from cake to juice and even honey like I know honey you know has a reputation for being a healthy food but on a on a chemical level it's the fucking same as table sugar. It's exactly the same. Now you may be thinking that honey has some antioxidants. Yeah but listen six tablespoons of honey had the same amount of antioxidants as one blueberry that's not hyperbably. Look it up one single blueberry so the amount of antioxidants are basically negligible honey is not a health food if you want antioxidants eat some blueberries if you're trying to avoid sugar you need to be aware of these misleading labels food industry it really pisses me off sometimes like the way they label stuff. I see this all in time they label shit makes you sound healthy you know it is sometimes the labels something called 100% natural or no sugar added that is the meaning of the half sugar and just because it's natural doesn't mean it's not full of sugar and it doesn't mean it's healthy just because it's natural there's a lot of sugar in nature the fucking kill your ass you want to go a god god in the woods with no bugs spray that's natural lime disease is natural baby it doesn't just natural doesn't mean it's good and it's still our sugar so 100% natural no sugar added only means there's no synthetic added to it that is not mean it's a sugar free product be be careful when it comes to that a lot of you guys are thinking at this point hey what about sweeteners what about artificial sweet some there are some studies show that there are some potential side effects to sweeters like ascertain uh sucreloce it's not better than real sugar ascertain is one of the most study is one of the most study compounds in human history i'm a political white doctor so you guys get it because if i just say it already knows going happy alright so we got pure worry should we be about artificial sweetness you know i don't know uh would be the short answer i i think that this is another one of those things where oh my my new he's a doctor he's a he's one of ton of wars he's not he's not like just some guy he's like a serious legit doctor check him out wait people really love to demonize these things um but if you if you really just want to look at the facts let's let's talk about facts right so as pertain which is the original kind of the OG sweetener uh everybody loves to demonize as pertain for neutral sweet but the reality of it is if there is toxicity to it it's probably impossible to measure at regular doses this is a substance that at least the last time i checked had more data on it from a safety perspective than any other molecule tested by the FDA you're kidding no it's it's just because again it's been around since the 1960s right come that saying hey listen no sweetener is better right but if we're talking about what i don't like is when people say that real sugar is better or natural sugar is better no it's fucking not i'm telling you man it this shit is bad for you consume the equivalent of 12 cans of diet soda a day it's safe probably not but we don't know right so um where do i think these sweetener so basically at regular doses it's probably negligible based off the information we have now if you don't have to believe me you can believe the doctor you know saying the critically acclaimed doctor award when inductor who said it right you don't have to believe me the best sweetener seemed to be with them with the least amount of side effects sweetener is like stevia and monk food oh seem to be the ones that are the safest if you need to use it don't be fooled by say moth regular sugar i just read natural sugar and then no it's it is fucking awful you will be way better off avoidance sugar how what does that look like for me i eat cake twice a year i have two cheat days a year that's the kind of moderation i'm talking about right if you want to do moderation you guys talk about it you do it like a few times a week or some shit now i mean that's too much like it needs to be a few times a year two cheat days a year one on Jesus birthday on Christmas i'll eat some cake and only time Jesus birthday and you know maybe like marlud the king's birthday or Juneteenth or something you know i have another piece of cake that's it now my son's birthday just pass i ain't even in that cake man i was looking at the thoughts like y'all discuss me man i don't even know cake on my birthday then i don't know that shit i'm telling you man it's not it's not what's up i highly suggest you avoid sugar in all its forms including fruit juice oh nothing about fruit juice calories bro yeah a glass of orange juice on average has 112 calories right it's like gel man do you really want to drink all these extra calories right just for some vitamin c you could just look at vitamin c vitamin fruit juice is the mother fucking scam right eat the real fruit i don't eat none of it i don't really i eat some berries sometimes because you can have that only i'm on a ketogenic diet so i eat berries sometimes because it's low so i'm a glassy me index it has the the least amount of sugar in it registered to fiber and it doesn't spike your glucose different berries have the most antioxidant of any fruit no candies and cakes no fucking treats eating snickers like a child you know none of that shit so you're gonna go through with draw symptoms initially once you want to try to win yourself out for this but the beauty of it especially when you're not doing it moderately what's gonna happen is the cradiness are going to go away i want the mash rules the other night my favorite restaurant with some of the homies and they all got the butter cake which is maybe the best tasting thing i've ever eaten in my life i'm beyond so i'm just kidding and i wasn't even tempted i watched them eat it i was like your man makes you get some of that at the middle man get you got to get that middle butter cake i was but i wasn't like tempted to eat any of it the temptation goes away once you get rid of your mother fucking addiction i lot of you got to think man i can never give up that i can never get bit because you're an addict bro you know you'd be better off without eating this shit right but you want to you're gonna come with all sorts of rationalizations because that's what mother fucking dope things do man i spend enough time around dope means no that they're rationalize it shit i'm telling you once you want but once you get through the withdrawing pimps you're gonna notice you have more energy you're skinny be clear you won't be aging as fast you'll be looking younger my focus be like your brand and you forty two man i thought you was younger than that i'm like oh man i don't eat like a child like you you was like what's your skin routine nothing i just don't eat the same bullshit you eat homie hey if you want some more i want another video on how you can actually follow a diet that will increase your energy right so you can deploy that energy against your goals make more money increase your cognitive performance so you can actually think better and become smarter i got another video that should go all about that somewhere right here my video editor is put it up you can check it out alright you