But the time you're watching is we have a new president. It's not something I give much credence to because I know the success of myself, my family, and my future is more dependent on what I do than who's who is a president. Your future is going to be dependent on who's in your house, more than who's in the White House. I'm going to find a way to win no matter what circumstances I find myself in. I'm going to find a way to succeed no matter who wins the election. So you need to have that same attitude. If your candidate did not win, you need to think, hey, how am I going to succeed on the V circumstances? If your candidate did win, your success is still up to you no matter what. For example, I made my first million under the Obama administration. I made even more money during Trump's first time. That's when I expanded my net worth dramatically. And I made the most money I ever made in my whole life during the Biden administration. So what does that mean? That my success is up to me. And you need to really focus on that. I hear people saying, I'm a leave the country. If someone's so with this person wins or if that person wins, first of all, you ain't go do shit pussy. You won't stay put. You will bitch. I know because you ready to fucking leave a country because your candidate didn't win. That's how democracy works. Sometimes you can't even win. Sometimes you can't even lose. It's your job to win no matter what. Because the truth is, it's not going to affect you that much. I've lived through a lot of different presidents, man. But the most part, what's minor differences my life was the same. And it's going to be for yours too. For example, on Trump one last time, my taxes got lower. Yours didn't. For my day. And if you win this time, hey, I get to enjoy more tax cuts. That's going to be awesome for me. And if Kamala wins well, I'm at the pay more taxes. But I guess I'm going to find the the bright side in that. And I think the bright side will be that somebody who went to the same college is me as president, our university. And I get to rep that. So I'm a win no matter what as usual. And you really got to take that same fucking attitude, like no matter no matter what happens. I'm going to succeed. Because you can't change this shit. I had a friend. And he was a big Trump supporter. The friend of mine, Kuga. After Trump lost the election, him and his friends, they were going to get together on January 6th and have a little protest. I was like, all right, it's cool. Man, it's a part of America democracy. You're allowed to protest. Next thing I know, January 6th comes around. And I see a picture of him hanging from the fucking raffters in the capital. Yeah, he went to prison. And this wasn't some fucking jackass. Again, I tell you, friends with me, he was a multi-millionaire. But he worked with some really high level people that you know. Not anymore. He went to fucking jail. He's out now. He had to change his name. He is difficult for him to get work now because nobody wants to. He's a felon. And he'd like through his life away because his candidate didn't win. Sometimes my candidate wins sometimes when my candidate does. And I just look for a way to win no matter what. And that's the same thing you had to do. You always got to look for a way to win. Your success is up to you. If Trump was going to fucking fix your whole fucking life and fix all your problems, you would have did that shit when he had a chance. If Kamala was going to fix all your fucking problems, she would have helped do that shit when she was vice president. Odds are your life has been pretty much the same throughout both administrations. Trump did help me save a lot of money on taxes because those were tax cuts for rich folks, man. Even if I get into a lot of paid more taxes, I mean, I got to make more money. I mean, that's all that means. When Biden became president, I was like, hmm, probably going to start out to pay more taxes. He's probably going to reverse those Trump tax cuts. He didn't, but I think he probably will. So how do I win the D. circumstances? Okay, no problem. Move to Florida, no state income tax. And then he didn't end up raising the taxes shout out to Biden. And the stock market hit no all time high. I'm like, okay, like he had a lot of money in the market. So I'm a win no matter what, brother, and you got to have that same attitude. But if you are, you can't be out here throwing your life away, tripping or getting off fucking emotional, right? You got to be stoic. Right? Sometimes the ball bounces your leg. Sometimes it doesn't. And if you are serious about winning, and you want to make 20, 25, you're best year, no matter who's in office, I got a free tool for you. It's called the Victory Success Plan. It's in the description where you can map out all your goals for the year. I've used this to help people off coach make tons of money. And there's a habit tracker. So you can start setting up a habit. It's right. It's what it's important. The life you're living now is not because of who's in the office or who wasn't in office. If you're living now is a result of the decisions you made in the past. Right now, you're living the results of all the decisions you made in the past. Your life is a sum. Is the sum total of your past decisions. If you want your future circumstances to be different than your current circumstances, you've got to make different decisions. Right? You've got to have different habits. That's why there's a habit tracker in the Victory Success Planter. And there's a tutorial on there where you can show you how to set up your own habits. It's our track in it. And this way you can win no matter what, I promise you, it's to apologize with President now. Trump's in prison is now. He was President now. You can steal copies of your goals. Download that fucking tracker right now. And let's get the work man. It's free. 100% for you and you've got to put your email in or no shit like that. It's free. Downloading now.