I'm Brandon Carter, endorsed Andrew Tate for Prime Minister of Britain. Andrew Tate is back in the news. Andrew, friend of the show, friend of mine, is back in the news. And now he's running for Prime Minister of England. Now listen, I don't know a lot about British politics. But in America, you have to be born here. We're here to be present. I guess maybe they don't have those laws because Tate was born in Chicago. Last night, he got the accent kind of as far as I know he's an American citizen. But Tate don't care about the rules. The majors can't stop him. Andrew Tate moles run for Prime Minister. People throwing out two small details. Why the matrix have to use this image of him? Who is this hole in my screen? Get her off it here. I don't know to stop it. The fucking holes on my shit man. White women get off my shit. All right. So Andrew Tate asks his social media followers whether he should make a run for Prime Minister of the UK. But people will quick the point out two small issues. The controversial social media influencer took the X. Still weird to say. Sure. The after in La Musta cleared war on Niggle Farrell. In I said that Niggle didn't have what it takes to be Prime Minister. Right? Tate says this is a serious post. He's serious, right? But it takes long to people to flag two small issues. Tate is currently under house arrest still in Romania. He has investigations over new and serious allegations including stuff I don't want to say on YouTube. Who is this white woman? The majors is attacking me trying to distract me. Will white women? Well, I'm trying to give you all the truth. Prosecutes is a cute say to his brother of a buy four luxury cars and registered in the United States bubble. And he's under some of it different investigations in the UK as well. You know, listen man, he put a pole on. Should he run for Prime Minister? And the Athens war? No or save Britain. He probably didn't own purpose. This is fucking this chess man. Not checkers. All right. And now lately, a recent development is that Elon Musk came out in support of the big home. Elon says the takement. He's not wrong. And he backs. I'm not going to say that. Why why do I make just have to put that there? He backs Andrew Tate for bid as UK Prime Minister. Hold on for a sec. I have to know this now. Do you have to be born in the UK to run for Prime Minister? No, you don't have to be born in the UK to become Prime Minister. You just need to be a British citizen. Be at least 18 years old and be a member of Kylamant. Look at his little anybody doing. He's not like then America. You have to be born here. You would like you literally have to be born in America to be president. Sorry, I know that was your dream. Anyway, Elon Musk is on his side. You know, most things you can do it. I guess I guess they homies. They both down with Trump. Elon's involvement in British politics has sparked a fresh debate with the takement in areas expressing support for Andrew Tate. Shout out to both of them brothers today. A former kickbox of face and serious criminal allegations, allegations, just out of mirror allegations in his bid for UK Prime Minister. Then the piece reports, Musk, who is previously called for King Charles the Third to dissolve Parliament in a whole general election, has been vocal about his concerns regarding child grooming gangs in the UK despite an existing natural inquiry. Musk has criticized Labour Party leader for not addressing the issue more thoroughly. And even demand it is recognition on his ex-account. Now, Musk appears to have thrown his wake behind Tate. Let's go. With what he gets despite Tate's controversial parents. Musk endorsed a post that praised Tate's entry into British politics, agreeing with the statement that Tate's actions could transform British politics. Let's go and create a movement of men demand in change. Tate was previously banned on ex, who was comments on SA recently announced his attention to one for Prime Minister despite his lack of political expertise and fundamental misunderstanding of British politics. Why they say that? They don't know that. They don't know what he understands. In the post to his millions of followers on ex, he jokingly acts if he should run forever president and save a mispelled version of Britain. Right? But here's the thing, man. He is wasn't a joke, man. I think he was serious. What do y'all think, man? I'm not British. I don't have no course in his race. Oh, and he started in a new political party. What is all these ads? Why is the matrix trying to fucking stop me from giving out a truth? And you take the bruv party. The Britain restoring underlying new values party will restore the once great Britain. As a leader, I am fully accountable. If the plan has not been action and within 45 days of power, I will step down from leadership. No delays. The charter below joined the movement show more. Let's see what's up. So this is the website for Andrew Tate's political party, man. We got the bishop in there because you know, he sucks with chess. Britain restoring underlying values. This is a war to reclaim Britain. No excuses. No compromises. No second chances. We will defend our borders. Crush crime, purge corruption, and restore pride to a nation under siege. Fuck how bad is it over there? What are y'all going to do? I didn't know it was that bit. Britain will rise again. Stronger under unyielding, unparalleled if you want safety, power, and freedom join the fight. Time for talk is over. It's action or nothing. Listen, I'm from America. So this cool. I got some friends over in UK that's dope, man. We did fuck them up. Twice. Look at tech to score board, brits, revolution, war of 1812. They tried to come back in 1812. Like they tried to run it back. Said they had back home again. Yo, I was in Italy. I was in a mafia. You know, it was like on this like coast. I started something that's old British man. We were just talking. He's talking from UK. And I was like, man, you ever think about it, man. He's my fuckest fall way Hitler. And this motherfucker is to mean, but we had to fight on ourselves because America was too scared to jump into fight in the beginning. And I said, you listen to me, oh man, we saved your fucking ass. You let Hitler bomb your capital. And we had to come through fucking flexing that muscle. We are both just joking. Anyway, I fuck with Britain. All right, let's see what the core values are. This 41 tenants, I reserved the human right to hold my own beliefs and practice them as I see fit and allow other people to same right to believe in the act as they wish that's 10 it to. All right. What the fuck is this? While I'm on the site, my book is about the real world. Listen, this nigga Trump was selling motherfucking watches. He sold a guitar. They came out with guitars. My man, I said a real world. Why he's running up and for 11 warning, concentrary relationships with beautiful positive and virtuous women. Saying, I believe men and women are different. And they each have their own unique and important strengths and abilities. I fuck with it. I don't cook. You got the ability to get that kitchen. Where is my sandwich? I'm just joking, joking. I don't even breathe. This 41 of these motherfuckers. All right, I believe men have the sacred duty to protect and provide for the important people in their lives. I fuck with that. This is like AI tape. This picture right here looks like a nigga, like somebody's rather draw a tape for memory. I believe men have the sacred duty to protect the innocent and sanctity of their children and reserve the right in a response belief to raise their children as they see best fit to ensure their long-term happiness success. I'll fuck with that. Here's the same thing I disagree with yet. Maybe he should be Prime Minister. I believe men have the sacred duty to raise strong, capable, honorable sons. I'm doing that same shit. It's all my niggas who got daughters. Sorry, man. You win some, you lose some. Oh, okay, now you don't talk about the daughters. I believe men have the sacred duty to raise kind, feminine, and virtue with daughters. If God would have cursed me to have the misfortune of having a daughter instead of my strong, amazing perfect son. I would raise her to be a boxer. Maybe he'd put her in Brazil and you just who I would literally hope to she was a lesbian. But that's his me. I'm gonna have a son no matter what. You know, I had to make this chicken son. I was gonna have a son as usual. The guy's shined on me. I utterly disapprove of violence within a romantic or familial relationship. Same, man. Chris Brown told us we can't hit women. And I saw that. I was like, mmm, noted. I've been hit by women before though. Yeah, man, morning once. I'll be the shit out of a cousin though. He's here for a million. He relates. I don't know, one of my male cousins thought crazy. Oh, fuck him up. But whatever, we're gonna greet him. There's a creature on that part. I support good and honest governments and will obey only their laws. I prefer to only conduct business than to address that. Is this still we're in running for Prime Minister? I believe that a man has the sacred duty to hold true to his word and do exactly what he says we do. I'm fucking with this shit, you know, but I have really seen the same policy decisions. This is what we really want. Brother Farty, the call to restored Britain. That's what's up. This isn't about empty promises or lifelong Korean apolitics. It's about results. Everything I pledge comes to a strict time limit. If I don't deliver, I step down. No excuses. No hiding. No second chances. All right. Unlike career politicians who cling the power while achieving nothing, I will hold myself accountable to the same standards. I demand a purpose. If I fail, I face the consequences because leadership is about service. Not self-preservation. This is a mission. Not a rain. And it is the moment it stops delivering to the British people. We can say Britain quickly with the media and decisive action. Unapologetic. Relic. For free. All right. Fucking right. Look around you. Look at what we become. I got friends of British. Britain, y'all tell me, is this how London looks now. Last time I was there was beautiful. I had a great time. A nation that once ruled the waves that stood as a beacon of strength and freedom. Now cowards under its own shadow. Our streets are dangerous. Our borders are wide open. Our culture is being eroded. This is in the Britain our ancestors fall for. This is in the Britain they died for. This cannot be the Britain we lead to our children. I didn't mean to do that. They deserve what the Britain died for. They deserve what you struggle for. We must in the generational failure. I'm not in London. Is it that bad? Is it that bad? I don't know. He paints a scary picture of what Britain was happening over there. Harsh migrant control. All right. Over 45,000 illegal migrants arrived on our shores last year. Each one calls in the British tax paper. 15,000 pounds annually. That's your heart on money. Funding people who have no respect for our borders are laws or our way of life. The solution is not one more boat lands on British soils. Also, we'll be leaving the UK. Fill with illegal immigrants and not a single one will be arriving on our shore. This is a campaign guarantee. God dammit. The royal name is Woport Frola Waters. And our message will be clear if you come here illegally, you will not set foot on land. Our borders are sacred. Our sovereignty is not negotiable. Let's I'm a Beyoncé Jew. I fully endorse state for Prime Minister who because he will become my most powerful friend. I'll be like, you're a whole man. I'm texting the Prime Minister of Britain. So I definitely wanted to win. British men died for British soil in 1812. It's not yours. And you have no right to it. It's not a line on the map. It's the island defended with the lives of the brave. If you get on a boat, we won't let you in. We have no obligations to save you from that boat. No matter how rough the seas. You shouldn't have been on that fucking boat in the first place. You have no rights to rob a fucking land. And legal immigration will fall to zero. And of course by the royal navy. Don't come to our eye. Do not risk it. We do not offer salvation. Prime Minister Tate. I hope you win. knife crime epidemic. Yo, this is my funny shit in America. We have guns. So people say man is so dangerous. I'm like, wait, mean you're talking about knives. You're gonna focus out here fighting. Oh, in school. They took this night shit seriously. They use a mini swords now. Anyway, knife crime epidemic zero tolerance maximum the term. Last year over 50,000 knife crime offenses in England in Wales. Yo, yo, our one-sweet was in London. Kind of Murphy Beckham, we so worked with him. You're talking to his girl. And I was like being wingman. Right? She was like, oh, like from London, she said, now from Wales. And I knew what she meant. But I said, your parents are fish. I don't know. That was like the funniest thing I said. I don't have a case anyway. That's 137 every single day. How many people were shot in America last year? I'm not sure of the exact number since it's a complex and sensitive topic. Would you like me to look it up for you? Yeah. In 2024, approximately 11,600 people died from gun violence in the United States, according to ABC News. Additionally, over 31,000 people were injured by firearms during the same period, as reported by the gun violence archive. If that's true, that's crazy, right? If 30,000 people were shot in America, which is way bigger than UK. And 50,000 knife crimes were committed. That is pretty insane. I mean, this bitch be lying to me sometimes. I'm saying, but that isn't saying it's true. All right. No, punishment we've seen by every Britain every day, including BBC punishment. Well, I'm not going to punish anybody. Listen, I'm cool with tape, man, but I didn't agree the fucking punishment you want. I'm not in law enforcement say. Anyway, 24 hour live broadcast of knife crime offenders serving solitary confinement. Oh, BBC, he met big black cock, not big brand and Carter. Not just kidding. That's British broadcast channel. Okay. So basically, what's he saying? If you are called stabbing in the UK, then you have 24, seven live broadcasts of you in solitary confinement. No redemption, Arks. No second chance is just cold, or reality of life wasted in the Congress. Amen. If crime offenders stay at stake in office, better stop stabbing. Imagine a 15 year old boy tempted to pick up a blade, turning on a TV and seeing a man grow old and die alone. That's not cruelty, that's deterrence. And it will save lives. That's an interesting policy. Reform in the BBC, a rotten institution. The BBC was once the court is thrown over British culture. Today is the stain on our national name. Sexual assault scandals alleged, woof. I don't even want to say all this stuff. The BBC will be stripped down and rebuilt. Its mission will be factual reported not propaganda. The BBC will get its topics from X and have community note styles online system verification. That's interesting. Protecting our children and restore institutional values. It's going to change the schools. The UL that children as young as six are being exposed to graphic, LBGTQ plus material, not education is indoctrination. Is that really happening? I mean I guess it's it's listen. It's taste a district. Let me be clear. All LBGTQ plus propaganda will be banned from schools. You know what's funny? They made a law about banned and stuff in Florida. Which sounds fun on a surface. But it wasn't like really happening. Everybody had no way kids in Florida include my nieces and nephews. They were never getting no gay homework. Like it wasn't a thing. I know a lot of people with kids are in it just wasn't happening. Maybe it's happening. Maybe they didn't get gay homework. They didn't get gay homework in the UK. Did you know that, Nima? I just found out. They're getting transsexual book reports. Gay homework. It upset about it. I haven't seen it in the real life. I don't even know when he third party gets counts of it that I could verify. In America. But hey man, if this happened in Europe, I think that's where like gay's come from. You know like vampire's come for transsevanging and then the spreads. I think homo says you're likely started in Europe. I think that makes a lot of sense. Tate's gonna fix it, though. Restoring British culture and identity. Captain hybridist residence at 10% of the population. Whoa, that's interesting. It's funny because he's an immigrant. He's from Chicago. He's a man. I'm in this bitch. With y'all can't come. No more. And I stand with Tate. Men died for our flag. It should be seen on the streets. Ensure every street in Britain feels British. With English traditional architects, your flag. You know, put English it on every street. Kind of like it's gonna look like this. I'll put it. I like it. I love going to the UK. Every time I'm there, I only go to London right because of where I'll see it. And then I'll wear the other one. My go to a fucking Hogwarts. Yeah, I've been like, oh, this is like a silly version of the Europe. Like the streets are all tiny. The cops don't have guns. Move bugging. Everybody sounds like Peppa Pig. What else you got on the agenda? Revolutionized education, building the future future Britain's investing where it matters. I always go put the money, man. For decades, Britain's has spent 14 billion pounds annually on foreign aid. So, he's gonna cut that, man. He's gonna fund the nation. No more foreign aid. No more foreign wars. It were really talking about, you know, restoring the British identity then foreign wars is kind of a, it's kind of a stable. That's what they do. You know, like historically foreign wars is their shit. No? I mean, there might be nothing more British than a foreign war. But I guess not another to take regime. All right, accountability and government. I like that. You know that over 30% of MPs failed to meet their basic attendance status. I don't know when none of this means I know what the MK is. BMP. I'm just gonna know. Zero tolerance on crap. What I really like about this is this tastes really. He's really in Brace Day. I make me an image of a British police officer in the middle of the street in London. See, it comes over with the exact thing. Yo, look what it comes up. So it came up with. That's pretty similar to this. That's what's up. I mean, A.I.S. the future. I'm fucking with A.I. too. So me and Tate on the same page. For those born here, we'll put 25,000 plain coes officers in London alone. By the defenders will face the fool fat. I'm down with that. Transparent and fear attack system. All right. New simplified tax code. You can understand in the 20 minutes. Know hidden pitfalls or penalties for getting rich. You know you want to change that tax code. I feel you brother. The one thing I would change is the tax code in United States. And I know he was the change because they say how much the date they find him 3 million. He got that. You know what change the tax code, man. Geez. We're storing masculinity in strength. The foundation of a thrive in nation has gone through that. Week men build weak nations. Britain's the client is rooted in the culture that's forgotten his value. Straight discipline of resilience. To restore the nation's greatness. We must rebuild its backbone strong into protect and lead boxing and wrestling schools. License arms security. It's strong or future for Britain. Laying the foundation in the independence and prosperity. National Bitcoin reserve. All right. No, so take wins. We buy a Bitcoin. New killer power for energy independence. All right. Stronger future for Britain laying the foundations independent prosperity. Creating the ministry of future revamp revoked in system for a policy. All right. Cool. Can women vote. He's going to let women vote. All right. That's cool. God. That acts. Neither of these policies and declarations of freedom. A future where Britain stands strong independent and is unshacoable. All right. No law. Grab the mercy of external forces. This is the foundation of a new era in our nation. This vision. A Britain that's proud. Strong. An unyielding. A Britain that defends his borders protects his people and celebrates his code. I haven't read anything about your internet about taking India back. But you know, obviously, I'm going to hit him up. I'm a text. I'm going to see if he needs me to be on the in the administration somehow. All right. This is going to be the administration. It's going to be Justin Justin's going to be the secretary of white women. Justin walk. Certainly, Google is the part of the justice. Obviously, Tristan is going to be Secretary of State. If not vice president. You know, now I want to be vice president. I want to be in charge of all vices. They don't have that there. I like where this is going. All right. Call the action. Boom. The broad part. Messying up. Listen. You brits. You brits get you shit to get the sign up, man. I want all of the fucking brits to sign up for the ship. I join in line. Must in my support for the homey Andrew crime minister. So I need all my British people. I need central seat. Skeptop, pep a pig. Mr. Bean. Russell Brand. The nigga from Virgin Atlanta. He just elbow. We all got a united galvanizer around and say I need all my British niggas to do this shit, man. Austin Powers. James Bond. It would need Pierce Morgan. Harry Potter. Voldemort. We need all the mother to galvanize for the brother party. Christian Bell. Emma Watson. Orlando Bloom. Peppa Picks whole family need to be in that bitch. Bennings and bear. Gordon Ramsay. Pails kitchen. Simon from motherfucking American Idol. Crazy Spice. Was the black spice girl? David Beckham. Adele. All these motherfuckers. Menless get it. I Brandon Carter. Endors. Andrew tape. We're prime minister of Britain.