We out, get your net up to one of the tight. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get into the bend, don't stop. Get the catch up, cause I'm a liar with me, no, you're paying it. If you know what I would have, what I'd have, welcome to another thing in the life starting this day at 7 a.m. I usually get up earlier than this, but it's the NBA playoffs. I'm black, so I gotta stay up and watch the NBA playoffs. Usually I'll wing up at 4.30 or 5.30. But I feel like that's not even bad ass, no more. But now as should all waking up at 3.30. I see what's watching talking about, he wakes up at 2.30. Next year, cause they ain't even gonna be sleeping. All right, so I got a busy day today. I'm gonna be doing my two favorite things, making money, spending time with my friends and family. First thing I'm gonna do today is these two injections. This is testosterone. You gotta know, I've been on testosterone, placement therapy, and we have testosterone. Is up. Head tired, I'm taking now. It's supposed to help me burn a bad and build muscle. We'll see, it's only the first we got this day. All right, so this is how much testosterone I inject twice a week. Here's the testosterone, how much this is every morning. I now about the head to the gym, work out with the homey Austin Dunn. I'm gonna have seen him from the internet. We first started his fitness business. The dude who was running, the show behind the scenes, the name of Gail. As a dude who I mentor, then used to work for me. We were all set first long since I was on my training team. He was running some ads and Gail called me panic in because he was on the getting commission. And Austin, they know I was actually running the ads behind the scenes. And that was back when he was in college. Now he's doing a really good man. We still could salt with them. We still help him out. And I was just super proud. We got the link up with him, you know, work out in. Get some updates. He just moved to Miami. So that's interesting too. You know, met up with the homey man, Austin. Yo, let's have guys. You just moved in my hand, right? I did finally, long time coming. Yeah. I don't know what took me so long, but I finally did it. Using Orlando Orlando. Orlando. Yeah. What's the difference between Orlando and my engine? So Orlando's the biggest sea I've ever lived in in my life. So at the time, it called like a tier one city. But so far, the biggest difference is the diversity of people. Orlando has a bit of a more suburb sort of life. Burses Miami's a lot of city. I told myself, right now, I'm still going to use to it. Like just driving and having to pay the park everywhere. There. Drivers here are crazy too. I mean, that's a huge difference. Assault I'm doing is wacky shit. I was like, you know, fucking this bro. Look, look. It's this scapular pull-up. It's the warm-up of before we do what we're about to do. So, so you can see. So you can see. You're all right. Okay. I'm all the scap, the muscles. There you go, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Do about 10. 4. So, use that out of my chain, though, but I didn't bring it with me. So, we're going to sort of just put the weight between our legs and try to do way to pull this that way. I ain't for a higher F-sistime. They hang when you well obey. They're stepping the blouses. I'm hanging the my hand. They're the glissing. They're feeling like I'm floating. I'm lost in the moment. I swackered 11. So, we're going to do a brand-news favorite. This is when I actually learned from him back in 2017. I had to set him straight. They hang when you well obey. I just got back from that workout with Austin. I met Austin back when he was in college. Right? Now he's up in the millionaire in his 20s. And the thing that really helped him do is that was build in his social media around all my fitness. Real estate built it up as YouTube and his Instagram at the time, TikTok didn't exist. And it helped make him a millionaire. It made me a multi-millionaire. And the thing is now, it's easier than ever to actually build a following as a whole lot of fitness and I know people think it's over-satch-rated or as to many people do it. But now it's easier now because more people are into it. The market is bigger now than it was back then. So now I'm about to eat breakfast. My girl, my novice who compared his breakfast from me. Six eggs. I have six bacons. Blueberries. You can eat berries on keto. I drink coax here. I know glad y'all won't put this in the scared of artificial sweetener. Artificial sweetener may be bad for you. But not for me. So I'm going to throw everything down. So wait, the syphilms out of the macros. So eat trisha to breakfast. So not everybody knows this about me. But I've been trading every morning for the last five years. I'm trading Nasdaq futures. And today I made $11,000. I'm trading with a prop firm. And I have a bunch of fun-did accounts. And each one, profit it about $5,600. You add that up. Times 20. It's about 11 grand. The CDs are 150k accounts. And each one is up over about 10 grand. $200,000. Over the last few months. Propeted about $2,000. They won't pay me. They won't let me take it all out of the wants. But they did send me money. I'm showing normal color of the account numbers for security reasons. But you can see the other day. I request it. This much for each account. And one of them got denied for some reason. But all the other ones got approved. So you gave me $50k. I'm trading with their money. I'm not even trading with my money. When I first started, I had to trade my money. It was more. Maybe more than I was kind of trading pussy. But now I'm trading with their money. I'm just throwing it around. Maybe give it. But I've gotten pretty good at it. If you want to learn how to do this, you're doing a lot of things. Well, I'll show you exactly how to trade futures. How to get a fun-did account. You can do it using your own money. This is perfect for people who don't have a lot of cash. When I was trading with my own money, I had to have like $100k in think or swim to make it happen. But now I'm using their money and I got my money. You do another stuff. You want to learn all about this. I'm doing a free training on it. Click the link in the description. Now I'm about to do this thing where I work with my students in HTT. I take a trainer where I teach them how to go to their own life in his businesses. And I have a live call with them every week. I start to call as all the same. How much money you make this week? You'll see, man. It's always amazing. It's my favorite part of week. Right now we're at a nice shape. I'm probably going to hit like 50k this much. So right now we're at 9. Probably going to get 15 this month or thing? I'm going to hit 50k. You're going to. All right. Yeah, yeah. Because we still got a lot of muffler. We're going to make your congratulations, man. Let's give my mid-Jocelyn around for applause. 9,536 dollars in the last seven days. In the last seven days. Shout out to you. And the Jeremy round of applause, man. ACT alumnus. 30% 50. Last Friday. 3,250, the last five days. No, no, let's go. 50,750 last week, last seven days. We're sitting at 12,000 for the month. So we need to get to 15. Come on, man. There's a lot of mufflers. Let's give Adam a round of applause. Let's go. Last week was a pretty good eight thousand to $100. Last week. Last week. It's $1,200. Yeah, pretty good week. We got $3,500 for the week. And right now we are sitting just over in 19k. My goal is to get to 25. Come on, man. Let's get Chris around them. Let's go. Alright, so what's happening now is I'm about to go and shoot two podcasts at this podcast studio. I never been here before. And I don't even know the people I'm doing in a viewway. Alright, so I got to the podcast studio. Talk to the home Abraham. You. I said, you know what's purple leaf is that he said it was 50. And that's what I wanted. That's what I like the shoot on. You know, because it makes you look different. It should make you look different. I've known the leaders that make you look the most authentic to use. Gonna be anywhere between 35 to 50. But 50's just what makes everything look aesthetic. Yeah. It's saying make you look good. I think that's what that's a good quote to for you. More fuck is me. When I found out where this podcast is getting shot at, they sent me the address. I looked at it and it said this. And that's not what was to trap. You know what I'm saying? I thought this was like a hood. You know, so like I got two different guns on me. You know, some more fuck is brain extra magazines. How does brain extra pistols? Here comes the anger. It's how to reload. I just grab you. I just dig. I just pull another gun off my waist. But it actually ain't bad here. It just, I think this is a old photograph. It all look like there's no more. But I can't leave. I came by black John, wake up in this bitch man. Jamal, wait. It's not crazy. I'm gonna take a box. You gon' play me. When he in the tax box I get paid with a bag. So what's happening now is we're gonna do a apartment hunt. You know, the condo might be going out of it. You know. So now we got to, we got to look at some bigger places. Now we can't downgrade. We got here, prime and elevator. Four balconies, five bedrooms, three bedrooms. I can't be at her downgrade. She's sick. Six bedroom. Six bedroom. We got sick, baby. Right around balcony. What are you guys looking for? That's what we're looking for. Oh, that's what you're looking for. I was saying, when we already had, we gotta go up to that. So now she's looking for six bedrooms. She's up. Video guy Nima is filming it, but he's also driving up there. All right, so we just checked out the first place. We don't, this building is real fancy. We're fancy in our building, but our unit is better. It's not up great. And check out another place that may be more our style here. There was something weird about this building. Nobody who's working here, none of the residents, no one smile. The old time I didn't see one smile in there. Everybody's acting weird. Like to begin in a horror movie, and they go to a town and everybody's acting strange. That's what it felt like in the air, man. I ain't like in it all. It's just the vibes we're all. Three years, I've never been in a pool in my building. I can swim really good too. I know you don't think I can, because I'm black, but I can swim. I like the pool. I like this place a lot that Jim was kind of, I like the unit a lot. Again, even though it's still smaller than our unit, we have more balconies. That's my man, black man. Number one real estate agent in Miami, man. What's the Instagram again? The dot-backslur.age. That's how I found him. His Instagram is really cool. Real estate content. I never seen no real estate content like that. It was amazing. The other time that we both got a lot of mutual friends. Yeah, yeah. I didn't make sure it wasn't a post-edator when I was a post or when I see the DME. Oh, yeah. That's a good thing. And I check up against really have cool friends. But sure, man. Thank you for showing us around, brother. Alright, so I'm back at the crib. What's about to happen now is I'm about to go live on YouTube where I do my podcast. I do it live. We get people advice and shit. It's pretty awesome. You should be tuning, victory top. A lot of people can't do it if podcast live. They've edited and shit. We just do it live. Yeah, they're gonna make a mistake. I know I'm gonna make some mistakes. I just don't give a fuck. Let me show you how to podcast, dude. You're right quick. Yo, first of all, I got a lot of shit here. First thing I got is a NEMA. You gotta have a NEMA in your podcast, dude. Yeah. Yo, what's going on with me? Yeah, it was good. It was good. Look at it. Look at it. It's set up. It's a like NASA. Yeah. Femalmuthis shitty is me. So we got the video suture. Or here. We got like to write now. We are using trick cameras. We can increase the 5, 6 based on the guest. We got the roadcaster for monitoring the audio. We got the SSD to record. We got this monitor for switching live between the camera. Make sure audio is great. Use a string guard for string on YouTube. And over here, we just monitor everything. Making sure the system goes perfectly and smoothly. This is how you switch all the cameras. Yes, this is how we switch between cameras. Make mute people using the roadcaster. And yeah, that's about it. And the way you got this mic to show. This is a good mic. This is a fantastic mic. This is really easy to use my but great quality. It's XLR cable. And that's how kind of a country is the mic to make sure the audio of the guest. You is always perfect. So we got a fantastic and high quality show. Yo, will you show mics? You know, you use road mics. I don't like road mics. You know, because people, you know, road, I has the podcast to probe. And every time I hear somebody speaking in it, it's like the high-end sound, harsh to me. Yeah, I used to be an ICU. I'm going to have a small studio on Queens. I don't know the other side. I know a lot about audio engineer. And I don't like the sound of those mics. But the shore mics. Like, that one. That's like a big version of this one. Yeah. And that one used to be my office and that one's for guests. Yeah. This is this mic right here. This is the SM7B. People don't notice me. You heard of my projection? I can't stop. Okay. I'm going to have a projection recorded the whole thriller album on one of these. You know, why? Because this mic, it brings out the bass. A little bit of it has like a... And the highs aren't harsh. Like the road mics, the high ends are harsh to treble. But this is like, it makes it your voice fuller and bassy are almost. And he needed that because he was the outowed. You had a real high voice. Oh. So, there we have these lights. Lights is the most important part. For sure. Rolex clock. And of course, cameras. You'll be only used Sony cameras. As if right now this is a GoPro. But we'll be moving a make it be you Sony. All right. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Sony. Yeah. Yeah. I got a bunch of shit over here. This is a computer I forgot I had. Oh, we got some on top replay. Obviously, he's sponsored a show with this real product. But real product really coming out easy to plot. It's pretty cute. That's the way I like this shit. He got this shit rotate in. That's dope. And we got these phone. So this makes the sound better. And then we got the. Carp. And we got the books. My girl put the books. Yeah. It's you put the books in color code. That makes it. That makes it easier to find. Because before I didn't have a little system. I just had my books in New York just any kind of way. It would be forever to find a book I'll look at for. All right. And now it's like somebody else may go maybe worse profit first. Or something first to blue. Boom. Got it. You know, shit. And then another balcony. This is where I have the night. That's a bike. I'd be out here doing my lies on this. So those are my their chilling reading. So those are bringing a guitar out here and start playing. You know, serenade. The people look good. People have this game Boulevard. Oh, so this computer. This is not a computer. It's a laptop. And this is so I can see what's going on. It's like, it mirrors yours. Yeah. It mirrors this one so you can be can message you. Yeah. The lia man. You can't be kind of so many comments. So I can't control this. I'm just seeing what's going on. It's something he can talk to me. He brings up a doc. With my girl in him. They have access to the doc's a shared doc. And they can say stuff to me. And I have my computer here. This is one of my computers. This is like my podcast computer and my travel computer. But I'm wanting to share something or talk about something. And then I'll hook my iPad up to this to start drawing. And then I'm drinking water, agwah. Keep a calculator here. My son Jamie, this is Iron Man, Lego. Because he knows I love Iron Man. But let's start the show. Let's start the show. Think about your drinker. What does she look like? What does she smell like? What does she do for a little? What's a personality like? Now imagine. Think that she's sitting around. Think her bank and herself. To a month of a talking shit. The stranger's on the internet. Do you think the desk or I deal with me? You think she got a poster at that month? What she was growing up. She had a she envisioned. Me and a month of like that. No, yeah, yeah. That's her up. The desk or rat man. Another podcast. I didn't get to any of the stuff that I had. Because it was so many questions. You know, sometimes I'm going to say answer the question about it. You'll be that kind of thing, man. What did you think of the pet? I think that was a fantastic episode. Even although you didn't get a chance to do that video, you prepared. But you still got the really cool real out of this. Yeah, you know what we do is just do the lot of podcasts. And I prep stuff on the safe. Talk about it. And then the name of the takes that. And then the thing they take is something from name. This team, Harry, and his team. They take that footage. And then they make the long form YouTube video. Sometimes sure that sort of podcast is like the new Gilles of our content engine. You know, it's a pretty cool system. But I'd everybody can do a podcast live and make it good.