In this video, I'm going to bring down how to set all Dacia's goals and actually achieve them, how you can set down a game plan and really plan out your goals and plan out every step to make failure impossible. Right? If you follow these steps, it's going to be really difficult to fail that accomplishment in these goals. I made it idiot proof and I got a free template that you can download as them being in the description of how you can put this together for yourself. Right? I'm well suited to show you how to accomplish goals because I'm only going to accomplish goals. Over the last few years, I built several multi-eight figure businesses. While staying in gray shape, focusing on being a great father, having a great relationship with my girlfriend, my friends, my son, my niece, my nephews. People say you got a sacrifice, family, you got a sacrifice to help to get ahead. I didn't have a sacrifice in that of it. I still got super rich, wow, excellent and health and excellent in my relationships and it's because of this system. And this is the really the first time I'm breaking down the ultimate success system and how you can break it down for yourself. Now, there's very poor folks getting into it. When you have a goal, it's going to look like, let's say, this trophy I'm drawing is a visual representation of a goal. I know I'm going to make it an artist. It's just trying not to get too distracted by that. But in order to accomplish that goal, you need to take action. But you might be like really far from your goals. And if you just look at the goal, you might get sad because you're so far away from you might get discouraged. Right? But I'm going to show you how you can just focus on the actions and how you can break down your goal into actionable steps, focus on these actions and actually accomplish it. And I put together a template in notion that I'm going to get you for free to link in description or you can actually put this together for yourself. Now, check it out. I call this the Victory Vision planner and it's broken down into two steps. So they start off with the ambition planner. So you open it template. For this example, I put in some dummy data. Right? So for this person, his goal was he wants to make 100k revenue per month. Easy game. My watch calls more than twice as much as easy. I'm not a do-do-do. Right? YouTube, so he wants to get 100,000 YouTube subscribers out. Man, oops, I know a little some about YouTube subscription acquisition. Right? I have a more point too million YouTube subscribers. Right? He wants to get a new lab beginning. I don't have a car but it's only because I just got my driver's license. I lived in Upper West Side of Manhattan for 15 years. I just took Uwe everywhere. He just got it. My ambie driver's license. I have a car by any of you. Anyway, he wants to lose 10 pounds of fat. Oh, I've been a personal trainer for over 25 years and I did what it's right. So these are his four main goals that he wants to accomplish. And so what we did was we broke these goals down into steps. So, and then we put a deadline in each step. You're going to erase this for yourself and put in your own steps, but check this out. The first step, okay, he's got to analyze LTV. When I made this, I was assuming this person already had a business. Analyze LTV, which is lifetime value customer. You need to know that if you really want to scale your business. Analyze a cost of acquisition. Right? You need to know that if you want to really scale your business, right? Because that's kind of a whole game. Like time value, you've heard costs of acquisition. And set monthly revenue KPIs for growth. Right? The things we put a deadline for each step. This is very important. This is one of the most important parts. Most people when they said goals, they just say, oh, I said goals and they never make a detailed plan. They almost never make fucking dead last week's step. So now they're just wonder why years and years go by and they have been accomplished shit, right? Because you didn't plan it out sufficiently. I'm sure you gotta do it right now. Set up monthly performers reviews, develop up sale, cross sales strategies for a system product to service, bubble lots of stuff that this guy has to do to hit that goal. Then his other goal was he wanted to undercate YouTube scrubs. All right. So analyze three of your five competitors. We have dead last very step. It's very important. Choose niche for you. Did allow you to interest, boom, identify your target market, research, develop a keywords and we put a deadline for each one of these steps. Same people to Lamborghini, research and select model, establish post purchase, financial plan, bubble, research, dealership prices, pick finance and release and options are bubble, those 10 pounds. He's got a download my fitness value. He's not tracking you slack. Right? And he's a buy-a-food skill. You know, get gym membership, get a meal plan, get a workout plan. He's the things he has to do when I have a deadline for each one of them. But I was really like lay out your goals like this. The steps can seem a little bit overwhelming. It can be arduous. So that's why I had these other tabs in the template. Now you get you can download the template for free. This is into the scripture right now. And how it works is you click on this tab is this month. Oh, so now it's broken down into everything you have to do for each goal this month. So now it's like kind of like it's more digestible. But then we can even take it down. This week. Right? So we make the whole detail plan for each goal. And now we break it down for each week. And now you can see in order every step. And you can see what would the deadline and what goal is attached to. So make sense. You can see all your steps in one place or your whole life. This is going to be a game changer for you. I have a few 101 clients that I actually coach. And I started running them through this process. And I hit them up every day. You know, like, hey, man, you got this going on this week. What's the deadline for this? All the rooms up or two double their income. But the other guy they increased their income. They had never been to aggressive in this detail about the goals before. So anyway, we got all the steps for each goals that you have to do this week. Everything that's been to this week. And now let's say, oh, Bob, who's go? Okay, so we'll just do that today. 17th. You can just do that real quick. Go on Amazon. Now we move it to done. So this out we know what kind of progress we're making. Right? Did work out plan to some of these maybe he's researching now. That's in progress. Get a meal plan. That's in progress. Boom. Down on my fitness pack and do their right now. Boom. So now we just we see what's left this week. Tomorrow he's got to go get a gym membership. And that's the first the the S. A. Do for a sped law scope. By the end of the week, man, he has a customer acquisition calls figured out and his lifetime value calls. Then he's got to do things for his YouTube page. He's got to do things for his Lamborghini. It's all mapped out. And what the beauty is when you're going to do what each one of these has in your calendar. Like when you're going to do one, that's where it gets crazy. You take each test. As the man how long is going to take in you accomplish it. Like that time off in your calendar. Then it's hard to lose when you do this. Now you see we got the progress going. Right? And if we click on the bar, this is progress. Boom. This is all the tasks for all the goals. But you can see how much progress has been made in each one of them. Does that make sense? And then you can go back to the regular board with the where the goals are laid out in columns. And you can just look at each thing and where you're at on each part of it. And it's really cool for my the one on one class. I have because I can just go look at their goals. I can see where it will real are. Man, what was stuff for me was behind was do. And then I can see what they have to do this week. I was like, hey man, you got to get that gym membership tomorrow. And then tomorrow, I could hit this guy. I mean, like, I mean, we got that gym membership of what was good. Was going on. Right? I keep up my clients accountable. Right? But we make the plan together. But you're going to have to do it yourself. But this school, this is going to be a game changer for you. And what you start doing that, you're going to accomplish more in the next 90 days than you have your whole life. What's he really do this? Right? Now let's say something's to all we, he doesn't have enough data. That's cool. We get to change the date on this. I get his guy a few more days. But now it's not on this week. No more, but it's still on this month. So it's something that doesn't get done. We just change the date. That's cool. It happens. And it is cool. It's still on this month. So we never lose the task. We just move to do that. That's fine. It happens. I hope this is making sense. I hope you guys are all getting this. Now these are mostly the one time task. You're also going to have daily things you have to do. And that's where the success track comes through. I know check this out. Actually, one of my one of one clients I took his data. We have the date and we have the day. And, you know, he had this one goal. And we were measuring how many hours he worked on this one goal each day. And we could actually add different columns or different metrics or different things you're tracking here. But that's just what we have for him. He needed to work on his goal for for us that you can delete this if you want. Or even add more stuff. I track all types of stuff. But you can do whatever. We're certain. Well, here's where it gets cool. We tracked his income every day. So every day I told him how much money you make. Like personal income. Like gross. We tracked that every day. Now this guy wanted to lose 10 pounds. Right. And one month to lose weight. You got a Burmour calorie video consumed. So I mean, he's going to have to work out. And you got to sleep right to. So we tracked how many hours he slept every night. And I put this little graph here because the goal was eight hours a night. And he got it most of the time that we have it told his average is 7.2 and that that calculator automatically for you. We put did he work out in that? Was he working out? Cool. And now he worked out 86% of the time. And that's cool. If you're like taking the rest day every once in a while, that's fine. That's a good number. But here's where he gets crazy. We tracked all this macros. You know, he's tracking him off in this value. We tracked his macros every day. And we got the averages. But we also tracked the calories he consumed each day. And then we got the deficit. And it is average. Right. So here's the thing. To burn a pound of fat, you have to burn 3500 calories. It's really just math. So he burned way more calories than that. He tracked how many calories he consumed when my fitness value tracked how many calories he burned. This guy had to Apple watch and Apple watch has that functionality. Right. It was cool. Is we tracked everything. And then he put his weight in here every day. Right. We can see it all. Boom. We see his average weight. Here's where he's cool. I said these graphs up. So this is his income. Right. So we can see that every day we saw that the stuff that we were doing, the game plan was actually working. You guys have this template too. It's going to work for you as well. So we set this graph up. And we can see that man, this is working. We can see progress. Me is ups and downs. But it's higher lows and higher highs. The graph is moving up. And this is this is dynamic. So exactly if I change this to eight. Let's say I put this eight and eight thousand. The graph updates. Right. It's dynamic. And the same thing with the weight. I set up this weight graph for him. He let's say, yeah, he would 500 pounds. Jesus, he got big. Right. It's dynamic. So we can see we can just we visualize the data and just got lost 10 pounds. This is showing the results. These are the leading indicators and these are the lagging indicators. The results. That's how goals kind of work. You have the result of your goal was called a lagging indicator. A lagging indicator really just shows what happened. However, the actions you take are leading indicators. Right. These are leading indicators. We could have looked at this chart and saw that this guy was in the colored deficit every day. We just looked at the leading indicators. We can safely assume that this guy's going to lose weight. Right. And then we can look here and see what happened. This guy's working on his income goal for four hours a day. Right. Half the fucking work day. We can safely assume that he's probably going to make more money. So that's the leading indicator in me here and here are the lagging indicators. Actually, what happened? I believe it's more important to find out what the leading indicators are and focus on them almost exclusively. And you don't even have to look at the lagging indicators. You look at them right to make an assessment. The leading indicators are on point. It should be all good. That's what this success tracking does. We track the leading indicators. Right. But we also, over here, we track. These are more like the one time task. It's got to be mapped out. It's got to have a deadline for every step. And it's really cool when you can break it down by week by month. So it's more digestible. Then you can put all of this in your calendar and plan out how long it's going to take me to analyze the competition for my YouTube page. Right. Boom. You estimate how long that's going to take. Put that in your calendar. Right. You could put all these in your calendar. You can do it for a whole month. Or if you want to own more bite size, look at it, do it for the week. And if you don't get it done, then we change it. And it's hard to fail when you've got a game plan like this. And this is why I want to give you that template for free. The link is in the description. And if you guys want to help putting this together, you don't need to do it all by yourself. But in the template, there is a link where you can book one or one call and mean, but it's going to cost money because I'm like rich. Right. But I like help when you guys. And I want you know, you're the succeed. But you know, you could just take the template. The template is free. You may not know how to put all this stuff together. And you know, that link is only going to be active for a little bit of time. You know, I don't know how long I'm going to do that. But I like to help some of you guys out. I think it'll be, it'll be a cool little thing. But you could just do this on your own. Right. You want to get this and you've got to delete the dummy data. Right. This is all dummy data. You just delete it. And you actually change this set your own goal. Boom. And then you make your own plan. You put each step of your goal in here and put it in the side of deadline to it in each column. And you can make more columns as well. Right. If you want to make more columns, just click here and make more columns. And same thing with your success tracker, it does other things you want to track. You can put them in here. My tracking sheet is like super extensive. So here's one of my that I have for January last year. I tracking a whole bunch of stuff my sleep. You know, my protein intake calories consume calories burn. If I posted a usual video and with some of my practice gets all our practice band is how many times I study hours. I work. You so you can you can actually edit the template and make it as extensive or as basic as you like. So this template, you can you can change whatever this is and something else you want to track. You can add more stuff. It's super cool. I just wouldn't fuck with the income or the weight because that's attached to these graphs. I have it set up for you already. All you got to do is delete the dummy data and you might have to change them up. Right. But the graph is there and it's for you. I'm super excited for you guys to tell me what kind of success you got with this man down low to template. It's all free. Just leave your description. Go ahead and get that man. Bye.