All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So in this video I want to talk about the 1973 Mr Olympia, specifically Arnold Schwarzenegger's physique at that Olympia. And this would be the year that Arnold Schwarzenegger would actually break Sergio Aliva's record of winning three Olympias and this would be Arnold's fourth Olympia win. Winning in 1971, 72 and of course that year in 1973. So specifically the 1973 Olympia, I believe is Arnold Schwarzenegger's most shredded physique that he ever brought to the Olympia stage. Now the following year in 1974, most people would argue that 1974 was the biggest physique that Arnold ever brought to the Olympia stage. Many say 1974 is the only time the Arnold was over 250 pounds on stage. But in 1973 we saw the most shredded and arguably the best version of Arnold that we had ever seen. I mean everything about Arnold at this Olympia was just completely on point. Arnold wasn't really known for having the best legs he never has been, but in 1973 his conditioning was so good that the separation in his legs was amazing. And you've got to keep in mind the legs back in the 70s weren't like the legs that we see today. So the separation that Arnold had in his legs in 1973 was really a groundbreaking level of leg separation especially from the front. So I think the front double bicep pose tells a lot of the story about Arnold's conditioning in 1973, but I think probably the best pose is this pose you're looking at here. The most muscular pose from 1973. This pose right here really exemplifies how conditioned Arnold really was. The striations in the pecs arguably better than we've ever seen from Arnold's deep crazy striations in the pecs. The shoulders crazy striated. And I would also say that from a vascularity standpoint this could be the most vascular version of Arnold's words and I guess that we've ever seen. Just look at the thickness and the deepness of the veins that you can see in his biceps and that most muscular pose. Probably the thickest his veins have ever been in the most that they've ever stood out was in 1973. Now a couple interesting facts about the 1973 Mr Olympia number one would be the fact that Sergio Levo was originally scheduled to compete. But this was a show that he was actually to squallified from or barred from competing by the IFBB for competing in a rival organization known as the WBBG or the World Body Building Guild. And this was a promotion done by Dan Loury, who was one of the biggest rivals to Joe Weedre. So in 1972 Sergio Levo competed in the WBBG Mr Galaxy competition. And this was after the IFBB had implemented their non-sanction policy in 1991. So 1991 was the year of the IFBB said, okay, if you guys want to compete in other organizations, that's fine. But if you do so, you won't be able to compete at the Olympic. You can only be an IFBB pro body builder. You can't be a pro body builder in other organizations. The IFBB is it. So we could have seen Arnold and Sergio go head to head in 1973, but we actually didn't. So there was only three competitors at the 1973 Mr Olympia. You had Arnold Schwarzenegger, Franco Colombo, and of course serves New Bray. And another interesting fact about the 1973 Mr Olympia was this was one of the few years in body building where the prize money for the Olympia actually dropped from the previous year. So in 1972 the prize money was $1,000, then it would drop $250 down to $750 in 1973. So as we know Arnold Schwarzenegger won that show, Franco would take second and third new Bray would take the third place spot. So again, in my opinion, 1973 was one of the most shredded physics that Arnold ever brought. He had that hard, you know, but grainy and dense, crazy muscle that was just super shredded. Unlike anything we had ever seen from Arnold before. Arnold was typically known for coming in big and in some cases coming in soft, especially in those early mystery universe competitions that you won throughout the 60s. But at this particular show, we saw Arnold like we had never seen him before, extremely ripped, and extremely hard, and just striations and veins all over. So in my opinion, 1973, the most conditioned Arnold we ever saw let me know in the comments section below what you guys think, what year was Arnold's most conditioned physique. Please give the video a thumbs up, you enjoyed it, next time you're in power, signing out.