All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So yesterday we went through the men's open body building qualified competitors for the 2018 Olympia. In this video, I want to go through the 2018 classic physique Olympia qualified competitors. And actually the list here is a lot longer than the men's open body building list. I want to go through these guys. And again, give some early predictions for the classic physique Olympia and how I expected to pan out here. So we have Darnell Ferguson, Breon Ains, the obviously last year's champ, Chris Bums that who took second last year, George Peterson, a raw trobar, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. I believe those guys were all the top six last year. You have Stan Delong, Medi-Largainy, Matteo Vue, Courage O'Para, Danny Yves, Union, Hatham, Alsa Deek, Steve Lourius, Peter Duper, Regan Grimes, Allie, Shams Gamar, I feel like I'm reading the key and peel skit that Easton and West bowl where they got all the crazy names. There's some weird names in this 2018 classic physique Olympia. Terrence Ruffin, David Hoffman, Pan X, Pierre, Wesley Visters, and College Chikau. All right, so let's talk about the guys on this list first. So my prediction for the top six will go with six place and then work our way down. So we've got a lot of new guys this year that weren't in the 2018 classic physique Olympia. She got David Hoffman, you've got Regan Grimes, you've got Steve Lourius, and you've got Wesley Visters. I think all of these guys are possible top six prospects depending on how they look coming into the Olympia. Now with both Wesley and Steve Lourius, these were both kind of the social media guys. They had a lot of controversy when they won their shows that qualify for them the Olympia. Steve Lourius winning the Pittsburgh Pro to qualify and Wesley Visters winning the Chicago Pro to qualify. And the main criticism of both of these guys was the conditioning. So based on some of the comments that I saw from Steve Lourius, originally he was saying that he wasn't going to do the Olympia. He was replying to fans on his Instagram saying he's not doing it. Then he made some comments saying now he has no comment on whether or not he's doing it. So I think Steve Lourius is probably going to do it. He's probably going to pull a Regan Grimes and at the last minute, and now he's competing and try to surprise people. So let's just assume for argument sake that Steve Lourius is doing the Olympia. So I want to talk about guys here that I think weren't in the top six last year that I think have a chance of cracking in. So let's look at the top six here. We've got Breon Chris, George Peterson, Arasra Bard, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. So I've got to look at the opportunities here for guys from last year to move down and these new guys where they could sneak up and move in. So I think Breon Chris and George Peterson, I think those guys are solidly within the top six. I don't think we're going to see that top three go anywhere. I think they're going to be in the top six this year no matter what. So the three places that we need to look at that have a possibility of slipping are going to be Arasra Bard, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. Now Danny Hester of course was the first ever classic physique Olympia, but I think as the division started to grow, the type of physique that we're looking for kind of shifted away from Danny Hester's physique. I'm going to again, more towards Breon Ainsley or Chris Bumstead. So I think Danny Hester is one of the guys that unfortunately we might see slip this year and present the opportunity for a guy to move up. So Arasra is pretty good too, and Arasra took fourth last year, and I think Arasra Bar, I think he's a solid top six guy as well even though he took fourth. I think he's going to be a tough guy for a guy like Regan Grimes or a guy like Steve Loris or a guy like Wesley Visters to beat, but I think it can be done. Now out of all these guys, Steve Loris, Regan Grimes, Dave Hoffman, Wesley Visters, I think honestly Steve Loris has the best shot at placing highly in the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. I mean, Steve Loris we've had our disagreements in the past, but Steve Loris has an amazing structure for this division. Some people might say his legs are too big for this division, because really a classic physique wasn't really all about having crazy big legs, but Steve Loris has, you know, the wide shoulders, the insanely small waist, and just overall he presents a very unique classic package which I think fits perfectly within this division. So I think out of all those guys, he has the best shot at cracking that top six. Now the thing with Regan Grimes is he does have a very aesthetic physique, but he's also a very big guy. I mean, this is a guy that's coming down from men's open bodybuilding. So it's going to be interesting to see where he places here, because Regan Grimes is kind of an anomaly in this division. It's really going to be a deciding factor where he places on what the future of this division is going to be. If this is going to be like a light version of men's open bodybuilding, then we could see a guy like Regan Grimes win this show. But if this is going to stay classic physique and stay focused on the most aesthetic, the most classic, the best lines, Regan Grimes is going to have a hard time cracking that top six. And here's why. I think he's a little bit too big for this division, a little bit too blocky. And he really does just look like a smaller version of a bodybuilder here. There's nothing crazy classic about his physique. So if Regan Grimes is going to do well, I feel like it's either all or nothing for Regan. They see that they decide a physique like Regan is what we want. We want smaller bodybuilders and then Regan's going to win, where they say Regan's too big. He doesn't belong in this division and they don't play something that way. They play something like 7th or 8th. But I do see Regan certainly being a top 10 guy at the Olympia. His physique is just that good. So for the sake of these predictions, let's just assume that judges say we want to keep it as classic as possible. We're not looking for light bodybuilding. We're not looking for just a smaller version of a men's open bodybuilder. We're looking for the most classic physique. So in that scenario, I see a guy like Regan taking a place like 6 or 7th. So let's say Regan's in 7th. I would say Wesley Vissers would follow up that by placing in 6th. So to allow for that, let's say Danny has to remove down to 8th. And Robert Tim's moves down to 9th because I really do think the crop of guys coming in now is just a whole other level of competition compared to last year. The division is growing so fast and the physique are getting so much better, so much quicker. I feel like these newer guys are going to overwhelm a lot of these guys that have been there the past two years. So let's say 9th is Robert Tim's 8th is Danny Hester and 7th you're going to have Regan Grimes and 6th I would say Wesley Vissers. I mean it's the first Olympia ever. I'm a big fan of Wesley but there's really no way to prepare for your first Olympia. There's no way to know what to expect. It's very early on in classic physique. It's kind of hard to tell what they're looking for exactly if Wesley's physique is going to be a good fit if that's exactly what they're looking for or not. Again, a lot of people will say that Wesley is like a young version of Arnold Schwarzenegger. And that's great but we don't know for sure if that's exactly what they're looking for on classic physique. They might not want a young Arnold. They might want a unique new classic physique. So in that case, I'll place Wesley in 6th. Now I think 5th place is kind of wide open here. So Dave Hoffman, he's a newer guy. Very well conditioned and that's really his calling cards being crazy shredded. It's Steve Vloris is a guy who has good structure but he hasn't yet came in crazy shredded. So either Steve or Dave are going to take that 5th place spot in my opinion. If Steve comes correct, I think Steve takes it and Dave places somewhere else. If Dave comes in like he always comes in which is super shredded and Steve doesn't, I think Dave's going to move up to a place like that 5th place spot and beat a guy like Wesley or beat a guy like a vegan because Dave's conditioning is so great. So I'm going to go ahead and keep a rush in that top 4 because I think a rush has been improving more and more and it's physique is starting to fit in that division better and better each year. So let's go to the top 4 here. So I'm going to have a rush still in 4th. I'm going to have George Peterson. He's a great classic physique. George Peterson is a beast. I still have him in that top 3. I think the only places that are going to change within that top 4 are going to be Chris Bumms that I'm Breonna Ainsley. I think Chris Bumms that is going to do enough this year to beat Breonna and take that top spot and we're going to have a new classic physique and a mystery Olympia this year in Chris Bumms. So those are my early predictions guys based on what we've seen so far from all these guys on social media. We're less than 10 weeks out right now. So we've got a decent idea of what they're going to look like. We've got the official list here. So let me know what you guys think. How would you guys place this year's line up at the classic physique Olympia? Let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.