Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's Diamond Power. So I want to talk about the results of the men's open body building class at the 2018 Chicago Pro. So first we'll go through the top six here. So the top six of the Chicago Pro and first you had Michael Lockett who won last year in 2017 and second place, you had Sergio Leva Junior whom I think a lot of people were expecting to win this show he was kind of the favorite going into this. Then you had Justin Luis Rodriguez coming in third place, he had Sergei Colov and fourth, he had Brad Roe and fifth place and Kevin Jordan coming in that sixth place spot. So primarily in this video I want to focus on Michael Lockett and Sergio Leva Junior because they were going head to head for that one and two spot. And again I think a lot of people were expecting Sergio to take the win here. So Sergio did look good, he looked who have made some improvements to his physique. Overall his legs looked the most improved and I think that was a very good strong point for him because I would say Michael Lockett has two weak points. Number one I would say is his back. I think he has a very shallow back compared to a lot of the other guys and men's open. And number two would be his legs. They're not very proportionate to his upper body. And in addition to that one leg is actually clearly bigger than the other. So first I'll look at some back shots here. So like I said Michael Lockett was known for not really having the best back. But if you compare his back with Sergio Leva Junior's back, I think he really blows Sergio out of the water in the back poses. So I think for Sergio one of the things that he needs to work on the most is adding some depth and thickness to his back, particularly in that back double biceps shot. I think he's seriously lacking some depth and some detail in those back poses. And again Michael Lockett not being known for having a good back. I think overall the detail in his back was much better than Sergio's. But I think the primary factor in Michael Lockett winning this show was the conditioning. Not only was he super crazy condition. As you can see in these back shots as well, I mean look at the glutes and the hamstring tie and just pretty much superior to Sergio Leva's conditioning in all aspects. But his conditioning and the hardness it was just really undeniable. And I think one of the shots where he looks just crazy is his most muscular pose. I think you can see it best in this lineup. When you compare his most muscular with everybody else, his most muscular, your eyes are automatically drawn to Michael Lockett because he's so dense and hard and conditioned. And that most muscular looks so gnarly and grainy. It just really shows how good he did look in this lineup. So even though Sergio was kind of the favorite and had the most hype going into this show, I don't think this was a controversial decision at all. I think it was a unanimous score for Michael Lockett in first and Sergio in second. I think Michael Lockett really shut the door on Sergio Leva. I think it wasn't just the conditioning and it wasn't just his back. You know, I would say the structure overall was superior to Sergio's structure. I would say if you look at the front double bicep pose in particular, Sergio Leva Jr has kind of a blocky looking waste in that pose. It's not really the best pose for Sergio. You can see a clear difference in the V-taper structure of Michael Lockett versus Sergio and Michael hits the pose very small waste and you can see a clear flare out of the lats in the front double bicep pose with Sergio. His waist just his waist and hips just look very wide in that front double bicep pose and not as much of V-taper as Michael has. But I do have to give props for Sergio Leva Jr because he did have some of the best legs, some of the biggest legs on that Chicago pro stage and he should be commended for that because that was pretty impressive. I could definitely tell he made improvements in that area. I think for Sergio what he needs to do is go back to the drawing board here and I would say he needs the place a heavier focus on back training and bringing that back up and he could be a real threat to the men's open. But congratulations to Michael Lockett. He's now qualified for the 2018 Olympia by winning this show so we are going to see Michael on the Olympia stage. So congratulations to him, Chicago pro. I mean man what a great weekend. We had the classic physique. I already met a couple videos about that. Wesley Visitors taking the title there. I mean at 2-12 also there's the Vancouver pro and we're posting a video on the results of that later today. Overall just a great weekend and bodybuilding. I hope you guys had a great weekend and enjoyed the coverage. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's got my power signing out.