Alright guys, the results are in from the 2018 Toronto Pro. Juan Morell picking up the win here. In second place you have a keymillium tremendous placing for a team. I mean this is a really big deal for him. He'd beat Sedrick Millen who's a top Olympia placeer. This is a guy that won the Arnold Classic. A keymillium is a guy that struggled with his conditioning pretty much his entire career. He finally comes in decent conditioning. I wouldn't say great but good for a team. I'm in beat Sedrick so Sedrick comes in third. Then you have Antoine Vayant. The comeback kid man, this is a crazy comeback for him. I said in my prediction video it would be a tremendous accomplishment for Antoine to place anywhere in that top six. If he would have placed sixth I would have been extremely happy for him. But him placing fourth I think is tremendous. That's awesome for Antoine. I'm really happy to see him in fourth. And fifth place you have Rafael, Brando. So that is your top five obviously Nathan D. Ash had decided not to do that show. So let's talk a little bit about these guys. So Sedrick Millen I would say is the disappointment of the show. When he announced that he was competing I think a lot of people were excited. A lot of people were interested in the show and a lot of people thought that Sedrick was going to win. Sedrick clearly the biggest name in this lineup and arguably the most disappointing physique in this lineup. And the reason for that would clearly be his conditioning. Conditioning was lacking. There's no question about it. And this is a lineup of guys that all of them really came in with pretty good conditioning. I mean Juan Morell some people say he wasn't conditioned in New York. I think certainly tonight Juan Morell's conditioning cannot be questions. He had great conditioning. Certainly next to a team Williams. He was the more conditioned guy. Certainly next to Sedrick. He was the more conditioned guy. And he deserved the win for that fact. And Antoine Vyant in my opinion one of the most conditioned guys in this entire lineup. I mean talk about a crazy classic physique. Ripped to the bone shredded arguably some of the best legs on stage. Man Antoine Vyant has a bright future ahead of him. I think this is just the beginning of his comeback. Again don't be disappointed that he didn't win the show. I don't think anyone really ever expected he was going to win. His first show right out of the gate and his comeback. But this is tremendous for him. I'm really happy for him. Really glad that he plays fourth. And on a personal note he actually watched my video that I did talking about his comeback. He commented it. So that was a very cool thing for me to see him watching my videos and commenting. So Antoine if you're watching this, congratulations bro. Certainly a very good placing for you. And Rafael Brand out in fifth. I'm not really sure how I feel about this. I think Rafael could have beat a guy like Sedrick. I think Rafael could have moved up to a third or fourth spot. And Sedrick could have actually moved down to a fifth or sixth spot. Now I know a lot of people might disagree with that because Sedrick is a very popular guy. He's one of the bigger names in this lineup. But honestly, I don't think conditioning like that should be rewarded with a third place finish. I mean, even though Sedrick is a big name guy, great structure, great physique. The conditioning like that man, we've seen much, much better versions of Sedrick. I think Antoine could have beaten Sedrick and I think Rafael could have beaten Sedrick. I would have had the placing honestly, you know, maybe Antoine had of Sedrick and third and Sedrick and fourth, possibly in fifth. I think overall Sedrick did have the structure to place highly in that top six. But that conditioning, I just don't think it should be rewarded. So I want to note you guys think in the comments section below about Sedrick's conditioning. And then if we go over to the two 12 side of things, you had Zane Watson picking up a major wind over Cody Montgomery. Now I was actually wrong about this two 12 results in my prediction video. I was pretty spot on about the men's open guys, but I actually had Cody edging out Zane for the wind. But it turned out I was wrong in Zane actually ended up beating Cody and Cody looked very disappointed on stage. I think he was definitely hoping to win his two 12 debut. Probably not a very exciting night for him placing second. I think he was hoping to do a lot better than that. But I'm certainly not going to say Zane didn't deserve it. Zane has an incredible physique. He's an incredible two 12 guy. And this is a guy that's certainly going to be on the radar at the two 12 Olympias. Zane Watson, he placed second at the New York Pro to Sean Clarita. This is a guy he's definitely, you know, he's on the map. Great physique, great conditioning. His dad is a golden Arab body building legend, Mike Watson. So Zane is certainly someone we need to watch out for in the future. So those are the results of the 2018 Toronto Pro. I hope you guys enjoyed the coverage. It is 11 o'clock where I am now. So I stayed up pretty much all day waiting for the results of this show so I can give you up to the minute coverage. The pre-judging started really late, which I thought it started earlier in the day. So I've been watching the updates from the show since this morning because I've out men's open was going to be this morning, but it wasn't men's open wasn't until about seven o'clock my time. So I've been waiting all day to give you guys this coverage. So I hope you guys did enjoy it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you have enjoyed it. Next time if a power signing out.