Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strike and Power. So this video is going to be the full recap of the 2018 New York Pro. Obviously there was classic physique. There was men's open body building. There was 2-12 and there's a lot of stuff to cover and that's why I broke it down into several different videos throughout the day. But if you guys don't feel like watching a bunch of individual videos, I'm going to cover everything in this video here starting with men's open body building the results. So after pre-judging it was pretty clear that it was going to be between Nathan De Asch and Juan Morell. I myself thought Nathan De Asch had the edge after pre-judging and that turned out to be the case. And Nathan De Asch would win the 2018 New York Pro, beating Juan Morell who took second Justin Luis Rodriguez who took third and Josh Wade who took fourth and then John Delarosa coming in fifth place. Now although this was a pretty deep line up there were 26 IFPB Pro men's open body builders competing. It wasn't the most impressive or really that deep line up. There were some big names on there but really conditioning turned out to be an issue for a lot of guys, including a little bi-Eki, a keen William who I expected a little bit more from. And even some of the guys who placed in the top five, they're conditioning left a little bit to be desired. So it wasn't really the top best of the best. I don't think a whole lot of these guys were really competing at 110%. Some of these guys were maybe more like 90, 95%. But I still think Nathan De Asch who won the show did look incredible and did deserve that win. Nathan De Asch is going to be one of the fastest rising stars in body building. He's got an incredible physique. He's got crazy density and freakyness to him. He's just really complete. And that being said I do think it was a good top five and I do think the New York Pro was very, very entertaining this year. So the men's open body building lineup. There was a couple guys that weren't in that lineup. First I want to talk about Regan Grimes. Regan Grimes initially announced that he was going to be competing in men's open body building. I believe he now said on our ex muscle on one of Dave's live with interviews. He said no, I know I said before that I'm planning on doing classic physique from this point forward, but I really have my sights set on men's open for the New York Pro. Well, as it turned out, that was not the case. And he would in fact overnight decide to compete at the classic physique division. In fact, the judges didn't even know. He was switching over to classic physique. And no one really knew this was happening. I'm accept maybe him and his coach. And it was really a cool last minute thing because it really played out good in his favor because he ended up winning the classic physique division, beating divine Wilson and David Hoffman who took second and third respectively. Now honestly, I actually think this was a really good move for Regan Grimes. I think number one, he looked incredible. The fact that he was a downsize version of himself to make that weight class, I don't think was really that noticeable. He did have to downsize to make that category. But I really don't think he looked small or flat or depleted or any of that. I think the amount of weight and muscle that he had on his frame for this show was a good amount of weight, a good amount of muscle. And he really pulled it off very, very well in my opinion. And again, this was a very brave and very bold move for him to do a show like this and to make a jump like this because he really had no idea what to expect. I mean, this guy's never competed in classic before. He was used to men's open body building. He jumps in classic, you know, basically an overnight decision. And wins a very high level classic physique pro show. So my hats off to Regan Grimes for winning this show. I think it was very impressive. Now that being said, I think second and third honestly you could have switched. I'm a fan of Divine Wilson. I do think he was robbed at the Pittsburgh pro when he lost his Steve Lourius. However, he was given second here. But I think the guy that placed third David Hoffman looked absolutely incredible and you could have made a strong argument for him placing second or even an argument for him pushing Regan Grimes for that win. So in addition to Regan not being in the men's open body building lineup, there was a little bit of controversy about Sergio Leva Jr. Now in my prediction video, I didn't mention Sergio Leva Jr at all. He wasn't on the list and I had heard nothing about him competing and apparently I was right the first time. But when I made that prediction video, there's a bunch of people commenting, bro, you left out Sergio Leva Jr. He just said he's competing. So sure enough I'd go over to Sergio's Instagram and he puts up a post where he says he's doing a last minute entry to the men's open body building division. So pre-judging comes around and Sergio Leva is not anywhere in the photos or anywhere in the lineup. So in my pre-judging video, I said that Sergio Leva did not do the show. He must have dropped out at the last minute. And of course the same people that were saying, bro, you left out Sergio in your last video where the same people saying, bro, you're a dumbass. Sergio is obviously trolling in his post. So anyway, I was right the first time. Sergio is not competing. His announcement was just to troll people. So that's why Sergio Leva was not in this lineup. Now that brings us to the 212 Body Building Competition. Now like I said, there's a lot going on at this 2018 New York Pro. In addition to the Reagan Grimes crossover classic physique, you also had the Steve Lourious crossover to the 212 division. Now originally the reason that he gave for switching over to 212 was because he had a friend competing in classic and he had already won the Pittsburgh Pro. So he didn't need to re-qualified for the Olympia. So he didn't want to interfere with his friend's opportunity to qualify for the Olympia at this classic physique division. Then they would wait to go head to head until the Olympia. So he made kind of a one time decision to compete in 212, or at least I hope it was just a one time decision and not a permanent thing. So Steve Lourious in my opinion did not look very good. His conditioning was bad. It looked like he tried very hard to fill out and carb up in kind of match these guys from a size standpoint. But I think that really played to his disadvantage because he looked pretty soft on stage in my opinion. He looked watery. His conditioning, like I said, it just wasn't good. So not a very good look for Steve Lourious. And really I think even if his conditioning was good, again, like I said in my prediction video, the 212 is an entirely different game than classic physique. 212 is looking at much shorter guys looking for guys with a ton of muscle on a short frame, freaky guys like Jose Raymond and Flex Lewis. They're not looking for aesthetics. They're not really looking for the smallest waste. They're not really looking for the prettiest physique. 212 has always kind of been a battle of the freakyist, and Narlias, who has the most muscle on their frame. And a lot of those guys are 5 foot 5 and under. Now Steve Lourious is 5 foot 10, about 210 pounds. So when you're going up against the guy that's 5354, that weighs 210 pounds, and you're 6, 7 inches taller than them at the same weight, they're going to look significantly more muscular than you. And that's what happened to Steve Lourious. I think no matter how good his conditioning was, there was really no shot for him at placing top 6 of this show or winning this show. And as far as I know, he placed outside of the top 10. I don't know if he finished dead last or not, but he was not really in the mix at all in this 212 show. So the winner of the 212 was Sean Clarita. Now Sean Clarita is one of the most impressive body builders I think I've ever seen from a pound for pound, stand point. Because he's so short, he only weighed 174 pounds on stage. He looked like the most muscular guy on stage. I mean, this guy's a beast. And he beat out Zain Watson who placed second. And I'm a big fan of Zain Watson. I've actually talked him a few times on Instagram. He saw the video that I made about him and his dad. His dad, Mike Watson, was actually a golden Arab body builder. And that's the guy that trains him and kind of teaches him how to pose. And it really helps him with his diet. And it's really responsible for his success today in the 212 division. So Zain Watson looked extremely impressive. I'm very happy for him to take that second place spot. And in 3rd you had Amad Falsy. So I hope you guys have enjoyed this coverage of the New York Pro. I want to try more for you guys to give you guys wall to wall coverage of bodybuilding shows. Every time a result or an announcement comes out, give you guys a video or a post on Instagram and keep you guys up to the date as possible. Because I kind of noticed today that nobody else was really posting New York Pro videos, New York Pro commentary, New York Pro recap. So I wanted to get out as much content as I could for you guys. As I remember back when I watched bodybuilding videos myself and I was looking for updates and contest results, I was waiting all day just like refreshing the page. Okay, when someone gonna talk about the results, I want to know who won. I want to know about pre-judging. I don't know about this division or that division. So I wanted to do that for you guys and give you guys as much coverage as possible. So I hope you did enjoy it. I covered it on Instagram as well. If you want to follow me on Instagram, my Instagram is at Nick Strength Power. Thank you guys for watching this video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength and Power signing out.