Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's going to power us. I'm going to make kind of a preview video here for the 2018 IFBB Indy Pro and Indianapolis, Indiana. This is the first year ever they are holding this pro show. And I actually signed on to be a sponsor of this show so you should see me there. I'll be there covering it and you should see my logo somewhere up on that stage. So this show isn't a limpia qualifier so that means the winner of this show will qualify for the Olympia if they have not already. So the stakes are high for some of these guys that you might come out of the woodwork to win this show. But first I'm going to read you guys the list of the open competitors and there's also a 212 competition. So it's a pro open and pro 212 show. So we have Dorian Adams. We've got Aaron Clark who is a former 212 competitor that we have not seen on stage since 2015. I'm reconpitted in the 212 Olympia. I believe we got Wendell Floyd. You got Roman Fritz who has a crazy classic physique. Charles Griffin, Dorian Haywood, Kenneth Jackson. You've got Steve Kouklo, who just recently came in fifth at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio. In my opinion, probably one of the most improved body builders that we saw at the Arnold Classic this year. You've also got Michael Lynn, Joseph Mackie, Milton Martinez. You've got Blair Mone. Justin Rodriguez, who we recently saw at the New York pro in 2017. This guy has an incredible physique and in my opinion he's probably a pick for the top six. I mean, you got Luke Sandow, who just competed in the Arnold Australia placing six there. I'm where he looked absolutely phenomenal in my opinion and deserved a much higher placing than six. You've got John Silvey. You've got Fred Biggie Smalls. Mitchell Stats. Derek Upshaal. Ian Vayer. And he did Tata Iyama Gigi. So of this list, I think the main guys we need to pay attention to are Steve Kouklo, Luke Sandow, He Day, Aaron Clark and Justin Luis Rodriguez. So my prediction for the men's open is we're probably going to see Steve Kouklo win this show. And in my opinion, we'd probably have either He Day and Luke Sandow in second. I would really like to see Luke Sandow in second place because I'd really love to see that call out. I'm of him and Steve Kouklo going head to head because I think they both have pretty big physique. In terms of overall muscle mass, Luke Sandow has a very Dorian Yates' Esk physique. Conditioning has been the main problem for Luke Sandow. I'm in a Steve Kouklo has a lot of size. Conditioning was one of his stronger points this year at the Arnold Classic. So I think that would be a good call out in a good comparison for those two. The New Throwing Guy like He Day and the Mix that comes in with a lot less size. But some of the crazy conditioning you're going to see on that stage. I'm if we see anything like we saw at the Arnold and the Arnold Australia. And then of course as a 212 competitor we had Aaron Clark who looked you know pretty amazing for the 212 division. I think this is a guy that we could see sneak into the top 6 as well. This is a guy that has a very complete physique. He has very few weak points. He has a lot of muscle mass for a 212 guy, which is obviously why he's doing open now. I think one of the main points he needs to watch out for those is waistline. That's something that I've seen. It looks like it's been growing since the last time he competed so that might be something that really hinders him in playsings. So my overall prediction is going to be Steve Ku Klow winning it. You're going to have Luke Sand though. Hopefully in second he did Tate Gama Gishi and third. I would say you could probably go with Justin Rodriguez. Maybe in that fourth play spot. And Aaron Clark some were cracking the top 6. Another guy to look out for would be Roman Fritz. I think he's got a great physique but maybe not enough size to crack into a lineup this deep. I mean there's 20 competitors. So it's not really a small show or a small lineup. So in the 2012 division you've got a mod, a mod, Thomas Anderson, Ben Barks, Linden Bellgrave, Brad Davis, Charles Dixon who recently took second at the 2018 Arnold Classic. You've got a mod, El Sadanni. You got Michael Urges, a mod, Fasi, Darren Glenn, Walter Martin, Eric Martinez, Silvio Sanial, Jose Raoul Sanchez, Reyes, and Wayne Williams as well as Jacob Wilson. So my pick the win the 2012 is obviously going to be Charles Dixon based on how he plays at the Arnold Classic. Other guys look out for I would say a mod a mod. I'm pretty much most of the other names on this list are guys that I haven't heard of. So I would say Charles Dixon and a mod a mod. We'd be the two main guys to look out for. I believe Jose Raiman was supposed to do this show but he backed out at the last minute. But his wife is competing in the Probecini I believe. So Jose will still be there. So that's the preview video guys. I hope to see some of you guys at the indie pro. It's going to be a great show. It's always good to have another pro show on the roster on the schedule. So let me know what your guys' predictions are for the 2018 indie pro show. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength and power signing out.