Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's Family Power. So I wanted to do a more in-depth video on the new 2018 Mr. Olympia fan voting options. So if you didn't see my video yesterday, in an upcoming issue of muscle and fitness, they announced that in the 2018 Mr. Olympia, the fans will have the opportunity to vote for the Mr. Olympia winner. So they're saying essentially the fans will be an additional judge in the scores that the fans vote on are going to be entered in the actual competition results. So there's a couple of things I want to touch on in this video. Number one, how big of a say are fans actually going to have in the final decision? Is this going to be a game changer for the actual Mr. Olympia winner? Number two, they're going to be introducing something called the 2018 Mr. Olympia People's Champion. And this is something that's going to happen if the judges disagree with the fans in the decision of who's going to be the winner. The 2018 Mr. Olympia People's Champion will be crowned and that will be the person that the fans have chosen to be the winner of the Mr. Olympia. And that would bring me to the third thing I want to discuss and that is Kai Green. So Kai Green commented the post of this original article. He said, now's my chance. I mean, that raises a lot of speculation as the weather not Kai is going to compete at the 2018 Mr. Olympia because arguably you could say that Kai Green has always been the People's Champion. He's arguably the most popular bodybuilder today on social media. He's more popular than seven-time Mr. Olympia feel heath. He's always been in the fans opinion seemingly an uncrowned Mr. Olympia. So with this addition of this People's Champion fan voting option, could this be Kai Green's best opportunity to compete at the Mr. Olympia and possibly win the Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to cover all those points in this video. But mostly we're going to go through this article and talk about what this really means for the judging of the Mr. Olympia in 2018. So let's start with the bombshells mentioned in this article. So bombshell number one. For the first time in the history of Mr. Olympia and professional bodybuilding, fans will judge each competitor and rank them and those scores will count in the official decision. Yes, you and all the other fans at the Oerlinges Arena will have a voice in deciding who will be the next Mr. Olympia. The fans collectively will be in effect another judge at the table at Friday night's pre-judging and Saturday night's finals. So what does this mean really for the fan? So the first thing that I noticed right away is it's addressing specifically the fans are going to be in attendance not the fans online and not the fans watching the live stream only fans that are there watching live in person. That's a very important thing to note because a lot of the concern that I saw on my last video with people thinking this was a bad idea and I was them thinking all these internet trolls out there are going to try to throw the results because they hate fill Heath because they hate a certain body builder that are just going to vote for anybody besides Phil to kind of throw the results because it's just internet trolls. I think this is going to eliminate a lot of that bias because honestly I think all the people or the majority of the people that are willing to pay for a ticket to go to the actual Mr. Olympia, these are serious body-building fans for the most part, these are not internet trolls, these are people that are serious about body-building and for the most part, I think they wouldn't be very biased or have any crazy votes in their judging of the Olympia and as Dave Palombo mentioned in his video on this topic, if there was any crazy wild voting, that score would most likely be thrown out because the highest score in the lowest score is always thrown out in body-building judging. So that's the first point, no this isn't going to be like American Idol, it's not going to be all the fans at home or casting a vote, it doesn't seem like it's going to be anything like that but of course we're waiting to see more details as we get, you know, as more information is released. But no I don't think this is going to be like an online voting competition where it's going to be okay everybody at home get out your cell phones and text the winner to this number, I don't think that's going to be what this is at all. I think, you know, essentially it's going to be more of a publicity stunt for the Mr. Olympia, I think like I said, they're reacting to the reaction that they got last year. Last year a lot of fans were upset, a lot of fans disagreed with the judging, but I think the people who run the Olympia noticed that, they're starting to pay attention to social media, they're starting to pay attention to what the fans have to say and they're wanted to make a response to that in a way that would seemingly give the fans some control over the results. Now as far as the actual Mr. Olympia being crowned, will this fan judging completely change a game and honestly it probably won't. The fans effectively still won't be picking who wins the Mr. Olympia. Now maybe if it comes down to a close one or two point decision having the fans as an additional judge, that could actually change the results. If you have all the judges, all their votes are in and it comes down to a one point decision from all the actual judges, then you have the fan vote come in. That could decide the result of the show. But again, if you look at it, the judges are going to outnumber the fan vote. So really it's always going to be the judges decision that goes for the final Mr. Olympia result, but that's why they have that 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. They're saying if the judges and the fans don't agree and all the judges vote for one guy and the fans vote for another and it's not a close decision, the people that are the person that the fan votes for that will be the 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. So let's go ahead and address the second bombshell here. Olympia bombshell number two. Judges points will be available to the public at the Orleans Arena before Saturday night's finals so you can see the competitor score before he steps on the Olympia stage. So what that means is the pre-judging results are going to be visible to the people and attendance so you can look at those results and make assessments based on how the competitors were judged or pre-judging before they go into the night show and cast their votes. So let's get the bombshell number three and I think this is most pertinent to Kai Green potentially doing the Mr. Olympia. So Olympia bombshell number three, if the fans pick a different winner than the judges, that competitor will be crowned the 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. You can think I have to be pro league president Jim Manion and AMI CEO chairman and president David J. Pecker for these developments. Jim feels that our fans are more than just spectators. They live the body building and fitness lifestyle and many compete or have competed. This makes some experts and they deserve a say. And David believes that empowering the fans so they are an active participant will take the event to a whole new level. That's it for now but stay tuned because I guarantee we will have more game changers as we approach the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So most likely number one this is just something that they're testing out. They want the fans to feel more involved and I think this is a good thing overall. I mean they're responding to last year the criticism that they got. I think this is better than having no answer at all or having no response at all. They're at least acknowledging the fans and acknowledging that there was a difference of opinion last year. So a lot of people felt this was going to lead to a lot of bias. This might be a bad idea but I think it's good at least they're trying to recognize that they want the fans to have a voice. So that brings me to Kai Green here. Obviously Kai has always kind of been the people's champion. He's always been a fan favorite. So let's say Kai does compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia and let's say Phil gets all votes from the regular judges for first place. So every judge except for the fans just fill a one in the scores. But the fans their vote is unanimously for Kai Green. Will this change the decision? So the answer to that is no. So typically when Phil and Kai go head ahead, Phil usually gets a straight you know all across the board. The votes for first place. So if that's the case, I'm in Kai gets second place votes all across the board. The fan decision isn't going to change that. However, if we're talking about a one or two point decision from the judges perspective and the fans come in with a vote for Kai Green and first, that could change the result. So I think the people that organized this new rule took a safe bet here. For the most part the fan vote isn't going to have any major impact on the actual crowning of the Mr. Olympia but it's going to give the fans the feeling that they have some kind of say. But I think this 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion might be something that Kai Green would be interested enough in to compete just for that title. Even if he thinks he can't win. Getting that title might be a good way to cap off his career. I think it's going to be hard for anybody that is a multiple time runner up at the Mr. Olympia to officially retire from body building without that Mr. Olympia title. And I think this would be a good way to retire on a high note is getting that Olympia people's champion official title before he retired. So that's what I think I think now this is a game changer in the aspect of now we could see Kai Green compete. But other than that I don't think this is going to have a huge impact on the actual Mr. Olympia result. Now a couple of weeks ago I actually did a video on the 2004 Mr. Olympia. And during the 2004 Olympia that was the last time they made a major change to the Olympia judging. That's what they added a challenge round. And what the challenge round was was the body builder could pick the body builder that go up against pose for pose. And then the body builder in the challenge round could pick the pose that they compete against. So let's say you're going to get someone that has a week front double bicep and you have a strong front double bicep rather than hitting a last bread you can pick the pose to your advantage. And that's what the challenge round essentially was. But that only lasted a year. So this could just be a thing that they're testing out. It could be a one time thing. It might go horrible. And they never do it again. But it could be a great thing. People could love it. And this could be a new game changer for the Mr. Olympia going forward. So overall I think it's up to the fans. I think the fans are going to be the ones that determine whether or not this was a good or bad idea depending on what results come in during the Mr. Olympia. But overall as a whole I think this is great that the IFBB is recognizing that the fans want to have more of a voice and that they're acknowledging it and doing more about it. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about this. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and make sure you subscribe to the channel for more body building updates because as they release more information on this new judging thing, of course I'll be posting it here on the channel. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time you have a power signing out.