Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Femme Power, so I know it's been a lot of videos this weekend, but it's a very busy weekend. In the bodybuilding competition scene, the Van Cover Pro is also going on this weekend. In addition to the Chicago Pro, I'm so honored to show you guys this video from the pre-judging of the men's open bodybuilding class at the Van Cover Pro. I wanted to give a shout out to Johnny Styles, you guys may remember him from working at RX Muscle. He actually sent me this video of the first call out at that Van Cover Pro. So in this first call out, in the light blue trunks on the end there, you have Ian Vier. I mean, I first saw him when I went to the indie pro where I thought he looked incredible, so this guy is definitely going to be a threat to the top four it looks like. In the golden trunks next to Ian, that is Alexis Rivera, in the green trunks you have Lucas Osloville, and in the blue trunks next to Lucas you have Josh Wade. Now, based on the way they're comparing these guys, it seems like they're keeping Lucas in the middle and moving people around Lucas to compare to him. So I think Lucas Osloville might be the favorite to win this show. Now, I would really like to see a guy like Ian Vier do well, because like I said, when I saw him at the indie pro, I was very impressed by his physique. He's just a very complete bodybuilder, very thick and dense physique. And I would like to see him do well here, possibly in that one or two spot, but they keep moving Josh Wade, who is the guy in the dark blue trunks back over next to Lucas. So I'm thinking it might be Lucas in first, Josh in second, possibly Alexis in third, and really maybe Alexis in Ian battling out for that third place spot. So that is the pre-judging video of the men's open bodybuilding division at the Vancouver Pro. I know there's a lot of videos this weekend, guys, but I want to keep you guys updated on every single show that's happening. Make sure you guys are informed and you know, don't want you guys to forget that there's another pro show going on in addition to the Chicago Pro. So I hope you guys are enjoying the contest coverage. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick, I'm a power signing out. Thank you.