Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time of power. So the pre-judging at the 2018 New York Pro literally just ended. So it looks like it's going to be basically the one and Nathan D'Ayesha show. So one-round Nathan D'Ayesha are clearly one and two at this show. I would say Nathan D'Ayesha has the edge based on the photos that I've seen so far. Now there's a couple of interesting things I want to mention from this pre-judging. The first is I'll go through the top six. So basically the first call out at any bodybuilding show is likely to be the top six at the finals. So in the top six you have Nathan D'Ayesha, Juan Morell, Justin Luis Rodriguez, John Del Rosa, Josh Wade and Milan Sotic. So my prediction video looks like I got about four out of six guys right in the top six. And I'm pretty sure one, two and three is going to be Nathan Juan and Justin. And Milan and John Del Rosa, I think are going to be battling it out for fourth. But there's a couple interesting things I didn't mention in my last video. So Sergio Aliva Jr., who won the 2017 New York Pro, made a last minute entry to this year's New York Pro. And he didn't announce it until after I made my video yesterday. So I didn't even know he was planning on competing any kind of just jumped in it as a surprise jump in. But the interesting thing was in all the callouts that I saw, I didn't see Sergio Aliva in the first second, worth third callouts. So it looked like there's a potential that Sergio Jr. might not even be in the top 10 at this show, but he won it last year. So that I thought that was kind of interesting. So then I wanted to address two of the guys that I had in my top six that are not in the top six. So I had a Lionel by Eki. He made the second call. He looked okay, but he didn't look great. His conditioning was certainly off from the pictures that I saw. Then I also had the chance that a key Williams might crack into the top six. I believe he made the third call out. His conditioning looks significantly off of this show. So that's why he didn't crack the top six. But an even more interesting thing that I wanted to mention here is Regan Grimes. One of my most viewed videos about people competing in the New York Pro was about Regan Grimes. And I didn't see Regan in any of the callouts. So the question really arises, maybe Regan is doing classic physique. Because I didn't see him in any of these callouts. And just based on the photos that I would have seen, he would have at least been in one of the first three callouts. Maybe if he wasn't in the top six, I certainly would have had a Regan Grimes in the top 10. I don't know why he wasn't any of the callouts that I've seen. I thought that was really surprising to me. So maybe he is doing a last minute classic physique entry. I don't know him. And I thought it was really weird that I didn't see any photos of Regan Grimes from any of the pre-judging pictures that I've seen so far. So that was interesting. So I'm really curious to see as we get closer to the finals tonight. What exactly happened in where Regan Grimes was and where Sergioa Levig Jr was? Because I really didn't see any photos of them in any of the callouts. So I'm curious if Sergioa Levig Jr pulled out at the last minute or if Regan Grimes switched to classic at the last minute. So that'll be interesting to see. And I will certainly keep you guys updated as I find out more. So make sure you subscribe and stay tuned to the channel for the rest of the day. Because obviously the New York Pro is a pretty big show. So I'm going to be providing as much coverage as I can. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.