Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the Power. I'm sorry to give you guys a little bit of bodybuilding coverage this weekend. Of course, today is the 2018 California Pro show, which is going to be a lot of the guys that competed in the New York Pro last weekend. So in this lineup, they just released the top six call out. So the first call out, and you've got Rafael Brando, who I made a video about saying he was. One of the most underrated bodybuilders from the New York Pro, and he appears to be dead center next to Nathan D'Ayesha, and of course, sauce harati. So it looks like Rafael Brando is going to be getting a little bit of redemption at this show. Of course, he plays sixth at the New York Pro. Many people feel he should have placed fifth or fourth or even potentially higher than that. It looks like at this show, he might be two or three. I think it's looking like Nathan D'Ayesha is going to win this show as well. Also in that top six, you have Josh Wade, Lionel Biochi. And on the end, there you have Gerard William. So this top six actually looks pretty impressive to me from the photos and videos that I've seen so far. The conditioning on a lot of these guys looks to be a little bit better than we saw at the New York Pro. And that's one of the things I wanted to mention. It's everybody was complaining about how bad the conditioning was at the New York Pro. And I think a major factor in the way these guys looked in New York was certainly the lighting. And my opinion, the lighting here at the California Pro is just much better than it was at New York Pro. And that could contribute a lot to why these guys look so much more conditioned and look so much better. You guys got to keep in mind man, lighting has a lot to do with body building and how these body builders look. So in my opinion, whether it's lighting or just sheer conditioning, Nathan D'Ayesha does look like he's improved from New York to this show. So it's a very big deal for him. I think to win this show, if he doesn't fact win it. In my pick to play second, would be of course Rafael Brando out of this lineup. Now I think one of the guys that a lot of people expected to be a big threat to this California Pro show was Luke Sando. But he was actually not in this lineup in that first call out. So that was surprising. From the pictures that I saw looked like his conditioning was a bit off so that could have contributed to him being outside of the top six. But that is about it guys. That is the first call out for the 2018 California Pro. Please subscribe and stay tuned. I will keep you guys posted as to the results of this show. Thank you guys for watching and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track the power signing out.