Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power, another week, another bodybuilding show this weekend. This weekend we have the Everest Muscle Stars Poland Pro, which I believe is the first ever IFBB men's open show that they've done in Poland. The competitor list just came out. It's a pretty deep competitor list. There's not a whole lot of really standout big names, but there's a lot of guys that we've seen compete recently that have done pretty well. So I think it's going to be one of those shows where that top four or five guys or so is going to be very close. So here's the list you've got David Balsarac, Brian Drogo. I really like his physique. I'm going to show some of his updates here in a minute. Alberto Bonomo, Roman Fritz, Patrick Glimbsky, Ed Cargbo, Sahar, Kazis, Amit Kosak, Powell Kualsky, Damian Kuffle, who we just saw compete at this past weekend's Prague Pro. Joseph Kventon, who we just saw compete at this past weekend's Prague Pro. There are quite a few guys that competed in Prague this past weekend, but none of the top guys. Martin, No Samson, No Keon, Matthew Zlundowski, Pablo Lopez, who we just saw compete at the British Grand Prix, where he was in that call out with Krizzo, Carol Malekki, Reismic Donald, Masid's Navaglo, Derec O'Lara, who we just saw compete in Prague, Daniel Poneezi-Lack, Bartolmue, Pope Lorsick, Joan Pardells, who just had a top five placing in Prague, Lucas Precop, Andrej Presty, Vilius Saznowski, Jan Turik, who we just saw compete in Prague. I believe he was six, a key Williams who we just saw at the Olympia and Peter Warniac. So I want to start with some of the standouts here for me first. So obviously I think that Joan Pardells in this lineup is a really clear standout. He was really impressive at the Prague Pro, undeniably so. He was close with Keon. Keon is still, you know, fourth place placing in this open debut. I know some people were disappointed by that. I think it was still a good-join, Keon is still one of the best body builders in the world. Joan Pardells was tied with Keon at Precogion for that fourth place spot and only lost by a point moving back into fifth. So he looked incredible at the Prague show. He was really legitimately in that mix with Krizzo with Keon. And the Prague Pro was really impressive lineup. Top five there, I think there was about 30 guys. And the guys that he was facing, like I said, tying with Keon, I think is a pretty big deal. So Joan is the real deal. He brought it. I have a feeling he's also going to bring it to this show. And like I said, you know, with this Poland show, you don't really have a crazy standout here that's like, you know, a top Olympian, multiple times show winner this year. There's nobody that really jumps out crazy. My eyes are really drawn to Joan in this lineup. And I think when we're talking about who could be in that first call out who could be top five Joan is definitely at the top of my list here now. Another guy that is really drawing my attention in this list is Andrea Presti. And that's because Andrea almost won two shows this year. The flex weekend Italy pro in June he was second. Then also that China pro earlier in June he was second. So narrowly missing the Olympia qualification this year twice with two runner up positions. And I think when you think about his most recent showing in Italy, that was the one against Nexzilla Rubio Mascara. So he was second at that show. And he looks pretty good at that show. I think the China pro was a little bit more controversial with who should have won that show. But I think Andrea will probably be a factor here. He'll probably be first call out. He'll probably be a top five guy. But I think it is worth noting that he hasn't won a show since 2023 when he won the Big Man Weekend. So it's been two years since he's won an open pro show. Now of course you also have a team Williams in this lineup and you can never really count out a team at the Olympia. He just competed a couple weeks ago. He was 16. So he was in the tide for last place position. But he did win last year's Big Man Weekend in Spain to qualify for the Olympia as well as the Toronto Pro Super Show in 2024. So I think Toronto qualified him for the 2024 Olympia in the Big Man Weekend qualified him for this year's Olympia. And I was looking at the latest physique update he posted today. And again, you can never count him out. I mean, the team always looks gigantic. I don't know if I'm convinced that after the Olympia showing that we saw from a team, he's going to be a crazy, big factor here. But he looks gigantic. He looks like he's in shape. So it's hard to ever bet against somebody like a team. But if I'm being honest, I thought the last place look that a team had at the Olympia this year was one of the worst versions of a team that we've seen. So I don't know. I don't know if like a lackluster a team is going to be able to beat you know, a Joan Predel's and Andre of Presti if they're on here. And I think it's kind of wild to think about how long a team has been around. I was looking at his contest history earlier. And he's he's been competing in the IFBB since all the way back in 2014. If you look back at the 2019 Olympia, that was the Olympia he was ninth. And then the 2020 Olympia, the first year of COVID. He was top six at the Olympia. So that was five years ago. He is getting older. But there's been shows and there's been times when a team has been a pretty significant factor. Maybe that's the case in Poland. Then he've also got Jan Turich like I mentioned here. He just competed in the Prague pro. He got six place there. Brought incredible condition to that show. Just peeled it to the bone. I think it was on the merit of that condition that he was able to crack that group. And ended up standing up there and a call out with Samson Martin Kion. Crisot Joan. I think it's definitely a show like this where condition like that could be a factor. Because again, I don't think there's really a crystal clear frontrunner here. I think this is going to be a close competition. And if you have some of these guys coming off like a team or like Andrea Presti and you've got somebody just absolutely peeled out of their minds like Jan Turich. He could sneak in there. So I think we're shaping up to have a nice little battle at this show. And I think whoever's in that top five, it's going to be close. Another name that really stands out to me here is going to be Edward Cardbow. I was looking at his Instagram earlier. And I don't see any recent physique updates or really any mention that he's doing the show. He is on the list. His name's on the list. But I was looking at his Instagram. I was reading some of the posts and a lot of them were saying like, he's going to compete next year to try to get to next year's Olympia. And granted, this is a qualifier for next year's Olympia. I just don't see any real mention of this show on his page. And again, he's on the list. But he's got a really impressive physique. We just saw him compete recently at the Europa Pro against Ers, Calacensky. He was actually top three at that show. Really impressive physique. A lot of size, very round, bubbly muscle. And honestly, when I rewatched this video of Ed from the Europa show, I really forgot how impressive he looked at that show. I mean, this is a pretty good look. Another guy that's standing out to me in this lineup, Pablo Lopez, Munoz. He looked really impressive at the British Grand Prix last weekend. I guess it was almost two weekends ago, right? No weekend before this past weekend, the show that Michael Krizzo won. He was top four there. I thought he looked crazy impressive at that show. I thought he actually should have been higher than fourth to be honest. He looked really impressive. Crazy delts. Crazy upper body. His condition was on point. Just brought a really competitive look to that show. I don't believe he's ever won a pro show. He's only been competing as a pro since 2024. And he's definitely a guy that I would like to see finally get his first professional win. Because like I said, his upper body, his delts, his traps, just insane. And the final guy that I wanted to take a look at here from this list that really stands out is Brian Drogo. We saw him compete three times so far in 2025. The Mr. Big Evolution, the Portugal pro, he was tenth. He was eighth at the Flex Pro weekend in Italy. And his best placing of the year was fourth place at the M pro classic. And that was a pretty good top four that he was in there. You had Angel Couteroan in Sao Sarrati. And I think that Drogo probably will need a little bit more added size to be competitive in a lineup like this. He's got some monsters in this lineup here. But I think he's got a very aesthetically pleasing physique. I think we saw some pretty well-conditioned versions of his physique so far this year. And I think as far as young up and coming guys, he's definitely one of them to keep an eye on. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Going back over to the competitor list here. The standouts. So if I had to say, if I'd to pick five guys for the top five here, I would probably go Jan Turk on Dreopresti. And I think that's what I think about the top five. I'd say a team should be top five here unless he's like way off. In the fifth guy, I think I would go, I think I'd go either Pablo or Ed Cardbowl. To round out that top five. Pablo Lopez or Edward Cardbowl. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Give me your predictions based on this competitor list for the Everest muscle stars. I'm going to call in pro this weekend again. I believe it's the first ever open show in Poland. Make sure you guys like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's rank and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want an extra and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.