Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Powers for the moment we've all been waiting for the Prague Pro Pre-Judging just wrapped up. It was a really interesting pre-Judging, so in that first call out, he had all the guys that we kind of expected to see there. He had Keyon Pearson, he had Samson Dada, he had Martin Fitzwater. The novel Baron was in there that was kind of a surprise. You also had Joan Perdels. And of course, Michael Criszo was in there, so we've talked pretty much about all these guys going into the show, not really surprised to see them in the first call out. I think the biggest surprise was that in both the first and final call out, Keyon was not moved at all. He stayed on the end of both callouts the entire time. I think suggesting that they have Keyon in fifth place here, which is a bit, it's a bit surprising to me that they didn't move Keyon. I will say though, I didn't think that Keyon was going to be top two here after watching pre-Judging. I don't think it's not like I think he got robbed of a top two position. I think this show was very clearly going to be between Martin and Samson once we saw that first call out. So it's not like I think had he been moved. He would have been top two or won the show. I would have liked to see him get a better look or get moved around a little bit more than he did, which was not at all. He didn't get moved once the entire pre-judging either call out. Now, the standout of this show for me was Martin Fitzwater. I wanted to show this video from rep one of Martin's individual routine. I think by far, this is the best version of Martin that we've ever seen. He looked incredible here. Absolutely nailed his peak. I think he definitely looked better than the Olympia. His conditioning was nuts here. And I think he really got to give Martin credit. He's coming in to this prog show now two years in a row. And I guess we're going to have to start calling him the dream killer, like Phil Heath because last year when he won prog, he beat Chris Bumstead who made his open debut. It seems almost certain at this point that he's also going to beat Keon Pearson to 12 Mr. Olympia champ making his open debut. And I think he might win this show. I think Martin looks that good now. We definitely have to give Samson credit here to he looked significantly better than he looked at the Olympia. We know that his game plan going into this show was the coming bigger to come in heavier. And I think that's exactly what you saw here. This 300 pound version of Samson compared to the 280 pound version of Samson at the Olympia. Looked a lot fuller. I thought his conditioning looked tighter. Just a much better overall version of Samson. He definitely made the improvements. And really when you consider the fact that it was two weeks in between the Olympia and this show, it was a significantly improved version of Samson. So he definitely brought it here. He, I think he got some redemption here. I still think I would give it to Martin. I think that Martin looked incredible here. And if he was ever going to flip that placing in place ahead of Samson, because some people are arguing that he should have at the Olympia, I think this would be the year. This would be the show. I don't think that I have literally ever seen Martin look this good. He deserves all the credit in the world. This was an incredibly detailed, incredibly hard condition. Just overall. It was a fantastic version of Martin. And I think that he really brought up some of his weaker poses. I think he looked a lot better from the back like the back double bicep, for example. Just overall. I really want to see Martin win this. I think he deserves it. And I think if he's ever going to beat Samson, like I said, and flip those play things, I think this would be the show. This, this was an incredible version of Martin. He's really, he's really taking scalps here. I mean, again, back to back, prox, it looks like he's going to beat both Chris bumps that from last year and key on from this year, squashing two of the biggest, open day views that we've ever anticipated or seen. So Martin deserves a lot of credit here. I will say, the lighting here was not the greatest. I'm sure a lot of you guys noticed that, especially on some of the darker guys, like Keyon and Samson, it was a little bit harder to see the finer details on their physique. The lighting wasn't great. The background wasn't great. The color of the color and brightness of the background just wasn't. It wasn't conducive to really showcasing these physiques to the best the ability that they could have. I was a little bit surprised with how bad the lighting was here considering, you know, this this lighting thing has become such a major talking point in body building with really every show. I'm so surprised to see that. And then James Hollings had was not at the show. He was supposed to compete. He was on the competitor list. We still don't know what happened with James. He just he wasn't there. He didn't compete. I'm kind of curious because when they started the pre-judging, they said, um, the bodybuilders aren't ready yet. So we're going to run 20 minutes late. So they just kind of paused the show for 20 minutes and then did pre-judging 20 minutes later. So I don't know if that had anything to do with why James didn't compete or why James wasn't there. If it had anything to do with James at all, but they did have a late start to the show. And they said the reason was because the bodybuilders weren't ready. So I don't know what that means or what exactly that was. But we do know that James wasn't there. So let's get into the final call out for the top five. So this this is where it got interesting because again, they didn't move key on, but they didn't necessarily have to in this call out because over the course of this final call out, they did put basically everybody next to him. He got to stand next to Martin by the way, they moved Martin. He got to stand next to Samson by the way, they moved Samson. He got to stand next to Cruzo by the way, they moved Cruzo. But still the majority of the call out seemed like it's going to be between Samson and Martin for the win. And it really seems like based on the first and this call out that they're comparing Joan per Dells and Michael Cruzo for third and fourth. And it just kind of looks like how they moved these guys around and the lack of movement for Keyon that they it seems like they solidly have Keyon and fifth, which is surprising to me because yes, I'll say like, Keyon did look small in this lineup. And of course, that was to be expected. He just came off the two 12 stage. He didn't have a full off season to prep for this. We were expecting to see a similar sized Keyon with how he looked at the Olympia. But I don't think he looked bad here. I feel like he could have been a little tighter through the glutes and hamstrings. I feel like the lower body maybe looked a little bit flat here. I don't think the midsection looked as bad as it looked at the Olympia. Like overall for an open day view, I thought this was a pretty good look for Keyon. I don't think he was off. I don't think he missed the mark. I don't think he was quite tight enough to be in that top two. But I think the surprising thing is it looks like Crisot and Joan Predel's are going to be placing ahead of him and Joan looked really impressive. We talked about him going into the show. Crisot looked really impressive going into the show. I feel like he looked a little bit flat here. And I think another thing that's important to point out is that this is a two day show. So pre-judging is today Saturday. And the finals is tomorrow Sunday. So it's like the Olympia. So there's significant time in between pre-judging and finals for these guys to make changes and improvements. And you can see a very different result for the finals based on who comes in better and who comes in worse. It is worth pointing out that like at the Olympia, for example, Keyon came in much better for the finals. Martin typically comes in much better for the finals. But the Olympia, it is interesting though. Samson actually scored a worse at the finals than he did at the pre-judging for the Olympia. And that's when Andrew Jack moved up into that third place spot or at least solidly became that third place spot in Samson lost a few points at the final. So it's hard to say what's going to happen tomorrow. But it does look like based on these callouts that the judges at least have both Joan Predel's and Michael Crisot ahead of Keyon. Now I'm guessing it's mostly a size thing. I'm guessing that's it because these guys are much bigger than Keyon. I think in some of these cases we're talking 50, 60, 70 pounds potentially heavier than Keyon. It looks like that size difference with Keyon just stepping off the 12 stage was significant enough to keep him out of the conversation for the win. And we did kind of talk about this in the last preview video for this show that this is the interesting exciting thing about an open body building they view with a guy like Keyon because you know on one hand you could have that crazy scenario where Keyon wins his open debut and beats all these crazy guys. But we did talk about how on the other hand there is risk to it. If size is an issue for Keyon and open body building you could have a guy like Joan Predel's and Michael Crisot. These guys could also beat him. It might not just be Samson and Martin. You could have these other guys that are much bigger if they're in good shape. They could beat him too. And it looks like that's what's going to happen here. So I think when it comes down to it the fact that they didn't move him in my mind it has to be a size thing. But I think he was tighter. I think he was tighter than Joan especially from the back. I think he was four than Crisot. I think Crisot looked a little flat here. He didn't look as freaky as he looked in some of the updates that we saw. But I don't really, I wouldn't really say that Keyon was off. So in my mind it has to be a size thing. So maybe they just want him to put on more muscle for open. But I feel like the thing with Keyon is like kind of the same knock on Derek and Hottie. Is he so much shorter than the other guys. When we're talking about the size difference I feel like he looks so much smaller on stage because of his height. But again when we have that like pound for pound conversation, how does Keyon look pound for pound? Does he look small pound for pound? I don't necessarily think that's the case. I just think that his height is like so visibly different on stage in these other guys. He's just so much shorter. I feel like you think of him as smaller when you look at him and it's mostly the height. That's how I'm saying it. But then when he stands next to Martin they're like the same height and I think I've got Martin winning the show. But without a doubt Martin was definitely he was more conditioned. He was tighter. He was harder than Keyon. Even if Keyon were moved into the center next to Martin. I would have to say Martin all day. This was the best Martin I think I've ever seen and it was very impressive. Samson could take it to again we do have a second day of the show. So it's not like one of these shows where it's an hour in between prejudging and finals and nothing really changes. It's like the Olympia. A lot could change between today and tomorrow. So I don't think these results are set in stone. Hopefully if Keyon comes back tighter he gets maybe a better look at the finals and maybe gets moved around a little bit more. But to me that's kind of the surprise of the show that it looks like Keyon is not going to be in the top three and it's probably going to be fifth. Just based on the way they moved him. That's really what it looks like. It is surprising to me. But if I'm being honest you guys know how much I like Keyon. I'm a big fan of his physique. I consider him to be a friend. I can't honestly say that I would have had Keyon top two here. But I think fifth is a bit surprising. So I guess I've got a couple questions for you guys. Number one obviously give me your predictions in the comments below. Based on this pre-judging, how do you have this playing out? Who do you have winning? I think it's almost certainly between Samson and Martin at this point. I don't think there's really any debate about that. At this point after pre-judging it's going to be one of those two guys. I'm leaning towards Martin. I think this was I've said it five times in this video. But I think this was a crazy version of Martin. And then I guess the other question for you guys. What do you think happened with Keyon here? Was it just the size thing? Is he just still too small? Has he not had enough time to have a full proper off season to grow and put on size for open bodybuilding? Was it a conditioned thing? I do think he was a little soft in some poses and soft as kind of a relative term here. Because I don't think he was off. I think he looked comparable to the Olympia look. And I think in certain shots he looked harder than Cruzo in Joan with a better structure and a better shape but just not as much size. So I guess that's what I'm wondering. Is it just a size thing? Or is there a chance the judges are kind of playing mind games here? Keyon is there a chance he is in the top three? Because again, you know, that final call out. They didn't move Keyon but in the way that they moved the other guys, they did let him stand next to Martin, stand next to Cruzo and Samson, all at different points in that call it. So he did technically get compared with them. But he wasn't compared with them as him being in the center, which is like the strongest indicator of who's the top two who's going to win. He was just always on the outside, which to me, it looks like he's going to be fifth. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel, click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's strength and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want an Nick's strength and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.