Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I found a clip that you guys might enjoy of the bodybuilder Greg Covax. So Greg Covax is one of the biggest bodybuilders in the history of professional bodybuilding. He was the first professional bodybuilder to ever weigh 400 pounds in the offseason. At a height of 6 foot 4 Greg Covax claimed a massive 420 pounds offseason weight at his very biggest. Which is about 190.5 kilograms. Now the interesting thing about Greg and this is why I want to show you guys this video of Greg measuring his biceps. It's not only the Greg claim to have these crazy measurements, but he actually back them up. So in a lot of cases you'll see bodybuilder saying they have 24 and charms 25 and charms. Kind of inflating there's statistics a little bit. But Greg was one of the guys that actually claimed to have an accurate measurement of his arm. He actually claimed that his arms were 25 inches. And in this video here he measures his arms at 25 and a half inches. Actually a little over 25 and a half inches. Which is about 64 or 65 centimeters. So this guy has some crazy big arms. Obviously his physique. He has the physique to go with it. Now unfortunately his career would progress. His arms would start to get smaller and smaller and his gut would start to get bigger and bigger. And he would exhibit early signs of palmba with him. And also unfortunately during his career he never really placed highly at any of the pro shows that he competed at. And he would pass away at the age of 44 back in 2013 due to some complications from heart failure. So I thought you guys might enjoy that clip because it's very rare that you find a clip of a bodybuilder measuring their arms and having the measurement actually come out to being over 25 inches. Like I've seen some of the sim-thall guys measure their arms on camera and measure them like 27 or 28 inches. I think I've seen a pro bodybuilder on camera ever measuring their arms with a tape measure on film coming out to 25.5. I mean that's just as ridiculous. I mean it's something that probably not going to see for a very long time. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.