Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Next Time The Power. So this video is going to be a countdown of my top five biggest or freakyist bodybuilders that stopped competing. So coming in at number five we have a bodybuilder by the name of Craig Goliath. Now many of you guys might recognize Craig Goliath from Instagram or her social media following. He's very well known for his pictures where he out angles people. So prior to becoming a social media star, he is actually a bodybuilder from 2007 to 2010. His best placing will be a second place finish at the NPC LA Championships and he will play 16th at the NPC USA's in both 2009 and 2010. Now he is one of the bigger bodybuilders on this list, standing 6 clip 3 inches tall and 310 pounds competition weight. So Craig is not competed in about eight years and shows the focus on social media. And currently 253,000 followers on Instagram. So coming in at number four we have a bodybuilder named Trae Brewer. Now during the height of his popularity Trae Brewer was kind of toe to the next big thing. The next Mr. Olympia. This was one of the bigger bodybuilders in the off season coming in at about 355 pounds in his off season condition. He was sponsored by BSN. So a lot of you guys might remember him from being in all the flex magazines and the BSN ads. He really had a lot of momentum in the late 2000s towards about 2010ish. But I think one of the reasons why Trae fell off is because he would cut over a 100 pounds from his off season condition to his stage weight. So as I said he weighed 355 in the off season but his stage weight was about 242 pounds, standing at about 5 foot 11. So I think undergoing a massive cut like that, really hindered him from placing well. He would place fourth at the 2008 NPC Nationals and that's where a lot of people really noticed him for the first time. And the expectation from that point was really set pretty high for him. Then the following year in 2009 at the NPC Nationals he placed eighth and he never turned pro retiring in 2010 to start his personal training business. So this guy is certainly one of those guys that a lot of people expected to not only turn pro but be a major threat in the eye if he'd be and he never did and he kind of retired on before the peak of his career. Now coming in at number three we have probably one of the freakyest and most well known body builders on this list and that would be the late rich Piana. So rich Piana was the winner of the Mr. California competition and a final competitive year as a bodybuilder would be in 2009 where he would win both the Sacramento Pro and the border stage championships, pacing first at both of those shows and as a bodybuilder, standing at a height of six foot one he weighed between 275 and 285 on stage. So not only was rich Piana a massive social media character having over a million followers on both his Instagram and on his YouTube channel. He was also a pretty damn big bodybuilder and a pretty freaky bodybuilder at that retiring in 2009. So he hadn't competed for almost nine years at the time of his death in 2017 at the age of 46 years old. So rest in peace rich Piana. So coming in at number two this is probably the biggest bodybuilder on this list. And that would be Greg Covax having a competitive career that only spanned less than a decade. Greg Covax stood six foot four, 330 pounds in contest condition and over 420 pounds in the off season and he's also known as being the first bodybuilder ever to weigh over 400 pounds. Now Greg Covax is actually the only guy on this list that actually did get his pro-card before retiring from bodybuilding. But his best placing as a pro would be 13th at the 2004 Arnold Classic most of the time he would end up placing dead last at most of the pro shows that he did. So Greg retired from competitive bodybuilding in 2005 to pursue a coaching business and he would pass away in 2013 at the age of 44 years old. So rest in peace, Greg Covax. Now coming in at number one we have not the biggest but probably the most promising of all the bodybuilders on this list and that would be big Victor Richards. He actually went by the nickname of Mr. Big and who can forget in 1994 and Fibo Germany, the post down were Victor Richards chased Dorianates around the stage and basically outpost him outside him outclass him in almost every single pose. Now Victor Richards stood at a height of 5 foot 10 and he was over 310 pounds. I mean it is said that he was offered a pro-card by Joe Weater even though he never officially won a pro-card but Victor Richards never did compete as a pro. He only competed 5 times throughout 1982 and 1992 and he was really at his biggest at that 1994 Fibo guest posing. So he hadn't even competed in 2 years by the time he got to that guest posing in Fibo in story in the 8th. And after winning that Nigerian championships in 1992 which again was not a pro show, we would never see him on a pro stage or any stage ever again. So Victor Richards is one of the guys that everybody thought this guy could be Mr. Olympia. He was like one of the freakyest guys of the 90s but we never saw him on stage. He just went away and he will always probably go down as one of the biggest what ifs in bodybuilding history. What if he had competed as a pro. And what kind of damage could he have done in those early 90s. So let me know what you guys thought of this list in the comment section below. Let me know if there's anybody you would add or subtract from that list. And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And they're trying to empower signing out.