Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Drive Empower and this video is going to be five times at Arnold Schwarzenegger Turkish shirt off in public and started posing to impress the crowds. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger is best known for pumping iron and obviously being a seven-time mystery Olympia. But on many occasions Arnold enjoyed impressing people offstage just as much as he did onstage. The coming in at number five on our list is going to be Arnold Schwarzenegger walking the streets of Munich, Germany, in nothing but posing trunks. Now in these photos we see a young Arnold Schwarzenegger barely 20 years old in the late 60s. And the reason why he did this is just kind of a promotional stunt to promote a gym that he was currently working at. So he got down to his posing trunks and he went around to various landmarks and Munich such as the train station, construction sites, and crowds would begin to form around him to see who this guy was with this incredible physique. Unlike anything many of them had ever seen before. Now keep in mind these photos are from before Arnold Schwarzenegger, ever one in Mr. Olympia competition. But it was right around the time that he won his first mystery universe title. And again this will be before he would move to the United States with Joe Weater. So he wasn't quite the superstar that he is today at that point. But you can tell that Arnold certainly knew he had a very impressive physique. It takes a certain level of self confidence to be able to walk around in public like he did and hit poses and nothing but his posing trunks, especially in a conservative time back in the late 60s. So coming in the fourth place spot we have Arnold posing at the 1976 Whitney Museum exhibition. So back in 1976 the Whitney Museum decided to hold an exhibition about bodybuilding, where they would judge bodybuilders using a panel of art critics and judge the bodies in an artistic manner. So the goal of this exhibition was actually to raise money for pumping iron. So this was before pumping iron came out and they were having trouble getting funding and trouble getting pumping iron off the ground. So they kind of held this exhibition to see how the general public would react to a bodybuilder what they'd be interested in seeing something like this. And again Arnold was based out in California. And the mecca of bodybuilding was out in California as well on the west coast. I mean the Whitney Museum was in New York so little did they know coming to the whole other side of the country. They had no idea really what to expect in terms of people being a fan of bodybuilding. And what they found out was they would actually sell out of tickets, sell way more tickets they planned on selling. I mean there would be a standing room only event and they made way more money than they ever anticipated making. And this is really the reason why pumping iron got off the ground was a sheer amount of money and interest they made from this particular exhibition. So this was a very big moment in bodybuilding history and an Arnold Schwarzenegger's history as well. So coming in at number seven we have Arnold at the 1977 Con film festival. So in these photos you see Arnold posing with a group of women and there's actually several photos from this event whether they're in color or black and white. These are some of the most well known in well-published photos of Arnold posing shirtless off of a bodybuilding stage. And the primary reason for that was obviously the Con film festival generates a lot of media attention. You have got like Arnold Schwarzenegger big bodybuilder walking around this group of celebrities and posing with a shirt off it really made a big deal. In 1977 this was actually the year that pumping iron was being screened at the Con film festivals. That's why Arnold Schwarzenegger was there. And of course these photographs of a half naked Arnold posing around some very conservatively dressed women are going to generate a pretty big stir in the media. So coming in at number two we have the famous prison scene from pumping iron. So in this particular scene Arnold went to a federal prison in Terminal Island, California. And hit poses for all the prisoners there that actually seemed very appreciative of the fact that Arnold was there and actually very respectful and appreciative of his physique as well. And this was actually one of the only known times in bodybuilding history where a bodybuilder decided to go amongst prisoners and just start hitting poses. So that's why we have this ranked as number two. And coming in the number one spot we have Venice Beach or Muscle Beach, California. AKA the Mecca of Bodybuilding. This is where Joe Weiter had Arnold moved out to when he came to the United States. This is where Arnold would begin his career at the seven-time Mr. Olympia. And this is where we would see the most photos of Arnold shirtless and public specifically training on Venice Beach. There's kind of an outdoor gym there where Arnold and Franco and all the golden Arab bodybuilders were trained. And this would form a massive crowd of people coming to watch these bodybuilders work out in this outdoor gym. And these people would come from all over the world to come see the famous Venice Beach where these giant muscle men would be working out and posing. I think that you could really see nowhere else in the world at that time. So naturally some of the most iconic pictures of Arnold shirtless and public are going to be taken at Venice Beach. I'm of him working out and then just this massive crowd of people behind him just watching and all of this insanely great physique. And of course Venice Beach, it's really where everything started for bodybuilding. So that is the video guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength and power signing out.