Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I hope you guys are having a great weekend and a great Sunday. So this weekend on Saturday night was the 2018 IFBB Muscle Mayhem Pro. I mean, in this show, you had a couple of big names that we've been seeing compete over the past couple of weeks in the past couple of months here. The winner of this show would be Charles Griffin. Now, I remember going back to the Indie Pro a couple of months ago, I'm in really noticing Charles Griffin for the first time at that show where he took second in a decent lineup at the Indie Pro. Not a great lineup, but a decent lineup. I mean, took second to Steve Cuclough. And I thought he looked very, very impressive in Indie. And this was a guy that wasn't really on my radar before the Indie Pro. But seeing him at that show, I wasn't press by his arms and I wasn't press by his backs specifically. Two of the week points you could say for Charles Griffin would be his legs and his midsection a little bit. He does have a very good front double bicep in my opinion, but I think that's a little bit ruined by the legs. And you know, not really cloudiness, but just kind of a lack of separation in the abs. But overall, I'm a very big fan of Charles Griffin's physique. And I do think he has a very high caliber body builder. And I've said in the past, I think if this guy makes the improvements he needs to make on his legs, makes the improvements he needs to make on that midsection. This is a guy that we're going to see potentially in the top 10 of the Mr. Olympia. Now that being said about the winner, let's talk about some of the other placings here. So we had a couple other guys that have been competing a lot lately. He had a keen Williams who was really the big story of last week coming in a controversial second place to Juan Morello at the Toronto Pro, coming in in Toronto with arguably some of the best conditioning he's ever had on a bodybuilding stage. And third place, he had Max Charles, fourth place, he had Rafael brand out again. I mean, this guy has done a lot of shows lately. I don't know why he's doing so many shows. If he's trying to qualify for the Olympian on points or what he's really trying to do, but Rafael brand out comes in in fourth place in Michael Lockett in fifth. So let's talk a little bit about one and two here. So I spent the morning looking at all the photos here from the muscle mayhem. I was going to make a video last night, but there just really weren't enough high quality photos out for me to really make a valid judgment based on what I saw thus far. In my opinion, the lighting there was a little bit weird. So a lot of the photos that were coming out on cell phone, cell phone, photo and video, cell phone photos. The lighting just really kind of washed the guys out and I couldn't really tell if they were conditioned or not. It was just kind of a strange looking light. Now based on all the photos that I've seen so far, now that I've seen some of the high resolution photos, I do actually agree with a lot of the fan sentiment here that this was a controversial decision. I think this was more controversial than Juan beating a game. I think this was a very controversial decision here. And here's why. With Juan versus a game, I could at least see the argument of, okay, Juan was significantly more conditioned. I mean, that really did give him a little bit of an edge over a game where you could see why Juan won that show. But with this show, based on what I can see, it doesn't really look to me like Charles Griffin was significantly more conditioned than a game. In fact, I think in the back shots, a game almost looks more conditioned than Charles. And then I mentioned earlier how for Charles Griffin, the midsection has been kind of a weak point for him. And I said this about a game in the Toronto Pro video. I thought his midsection was a little bit weak for him. And that's why I didn't see him winning that show. But in this show, however, if you compare him to Charles Griffin, you can actually see a lot of abdominal separation in a game that you can't see with Charles Griffin. That was another thing that kind of confused me about this placing, is even though a game doesn't have the best midsection in this lineup and in these comparisons, he seemed to have a more defined and more separated midsection in a very good V-taper at that. And arguably, the best legs on that stage. Again, another weak point for Charles Griffin, unfortunately, is his leg, so standing up to a guy like a King Williams, is not going to be the strongest comparison from a lower body standpoint. So Charles, if you're watching this, I love you, brother. Much respect for the win. You qualify for the Olympia. So I'm excited to see what you do with the Olympia. But I got to call it like I see it here. I think this is a little bit of a weird decision. And in this instance, I think you could definitely make a much stronger argument for a King winning than you could have made for a King back in Toronto. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think a King Williams was robbed this time around? Or do you think he was robbed for the second time around? Or do you think he was never robbed at all? Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strink the Power, signing out.