Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So, that's not an interesting comparison video for you guys. It would be a comparison between the professional wrestler Andre the Giant and professional body builder Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now the reason I thought this would be an interesting comparison is because both of them basically hit the peak of their popularity during the same era, the early 80s, late 70s. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger obviously the most well-known body builder in the world, about the 70s and 80s. And Andre the Giant arguably one of the most well-known professional wrestlers in the world throughout the 70s and 80s, maybe alongside Hall Cogon. So Arnold Schwarzenegger's body building career would come to an end in 1980 where he would win his final of seven Mr. Olympia's at the 1980s, and of course, Andre the Giant is probably most well-known for his WrestleMania three appearance versus Hall Cogon in 1987. Now Arnold's film career was pretty much at its peak throughout the late 80s, filming things like Predator, Commando. Of course you have the Terminator and then you have the early Conan the Barbarian movies in the early 80s. So really they were both the pinnacle of human physical specimens, again Arnold being the biggest body builder. And of course Andre the Giant being by far the biggest professional wrestler if not one of the biggest humans of that time period. So, first I'll give you guys a simple size comparison. So the cool thing about this is because they came from the same era, Andre and Arnold were actually friends during that time. So there's a lot of photos that you can actually find of both Arnold and Andre in the same picture where you can get a good size comparison, how much bigger Andre really was than Arnold Schwarzenegger. So, Andre the Giant stood between 7 foot 4 and 7 foot 5 inches tall, weighing in at approximately 550 pounds, or roughly 250 kilograms. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger at his biggest as a competitive body builder in competition condition was roughly 250 pounds, or 113 kilograms, and standing at a height of roughly 6 foot 2, but some people claim he was shorter than that. Obviously today he's no longer 6 foot 2. And in the photos next to Andre he certainly looks to be at least a foot and a half shorter than Andre the Giant. So probably closer to 6 foot, as about how tall Arnold was. So not even half of what Andre the Giant weighed weighing in at 550 pounds, Arnold Schwarzenegger weighing in at 250 at his biggest, and that's not even to take into account that during his film career, Arnold Schwarzenegger had to size down a little bit because they didn't want him to be that big. He was a little bit too big for Hollywood, so he sized down. He was probably closer to 225, 230 during his film career in Hollywood if that. So next I want to compare how strong Arnold was versus how strong Andre the Giant was. Now the thing about this is that we got to remember is that Arnold Schwarzenegger trains specifically for powerlifting. He's competed in powerlifting, he's competed in Olympic weightlifting. And obviously as a competitive bodybuilder, there's a significant amount of weight training that goes into that. Now, Andre the Giant was a different kind of strong. He's just one of those guys that was naturally strong. He obviously was a massive human being at 550 pounds. So there's a lot of natural strength that will be associated with that. But Arnold was training for his strength. So it's important to keep that in mind, and comparing the two of them. So there are two sets of numbers that we can choose to look at here for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now he did compete in powerlifting in his early 20s and late teens. So there are verifiable powerlifting numbers that we can pull up for him when he competed that he actually set in competition. But Arnold also has a list of numbers that he claims were his best lifts in the gym, but not necessarily judged in competition. Now since Andre the Giant never competed in an official powerlifting meet, we're going to take Arnold's gym lifts that he claims were his best. Then Andre the Giant's gym lifts that he claims were their best. Because really neither one of them are verifiable by a judge. So be unfair to do Arnold's best powerlifting meet lifts because Andre doesn't have that same standard to his lifts. So we're going to compare both their gym lifts here. So first let's go ahead and compare the bench press. So Andre the Giant and other wrestlers have verified and testified to this. The Andre the Giant could bench press 455 pounds on an inclined bench for five reps. So there is actually a formula that you can use to calculate what your one rep max should be based on the number of reps that you can get a given weight. If you take 455 for five reps and say that's 85% of his one rep max, then theoretically his flat bench should be 630 pounds for one rep. But if you use 80% in that equation, so assuming 455 pounds is only 80% of what under the Giant can lift, his one rep max will be roughly 700 pounds. So Arnold Schwarzenegger has best gym lift at the bench press was 500 pounds and in a powerlifting meet Arnold Schwarzenegger's best bench press was only 440.9 pounds. So if you do use Arnold's powerlifting number, then Andre would be significantly stronger than Arnold. Because again, Andre benched for 5 reps, 445 pounds, which is 5 pounds heavier than Arnold's best of one rep max at the bench press in a powerlifting meet. Now it's actually never been documentation of Andre the Giant squatting, so of the big three lifts bench press, deadlift and squat, we can really only compare the bench press in the deadlift. So there's only one example that I could find of Andre the Giant performing some kind of deadlift. In this particular deadlift, he essentially has a bar attached to what is claimed to be a 2,000 pound weight. And he does sort of a partial rep of a deadlift and lifts the 2,000 pounds off the ground. So just to give you guys some perspective on that, Arnold Schwarzenegger's best deadlift in a competition was 683.4 pounds. And his best deadlift that he claims in the gym was 710 pounds. So even though it was a partial rep, Andre the Giant still deadlifted or lifted straight off the ground nearly 3 times the most that Arnold could ever deadlift. Now let's say even if it was only a 1,000 pounds, or we want to cut that weight and half because he only lifted a partial rep, he's still lifting 3 to 500 pounds more than Arnold Schwarzenegger. So that's the video guys. I hope you guys found it fascinating. I thought it was a fascinating comparison taking the world's best body builder from that era and arguably the world's biggest human from that era, just comparing them to give you guys some perspective on how big Andre really was. In light of the documentary coming out of Andre the Giant's life, obviously unfortunately Andre the Giant passed away back in 1993. So with that documentary coming out of Kyla to do my own little video on Andre the Giant because I was a big fan of his, he was very entertaining. And he was really just a great wrestler. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next rank of power signing out.