Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So you guys seem to really enjoy the video about Arnold Schwarzenegger and his rise to fame and really the early days of Arnold Schwarzenegger before he was famous, the early competitions, the early struggles in his life. So I want to make a video about his kind of adopted family, this family and London that actually took Arnold in when he was very, very young. So back in 1966 Arnold first came to Britain to compete in the Navum Mystery Universe competition that year. So unfortunately in 1966 Arnold Schwarzenegger did not win that Navum Mystery Universe chat, Jordan Beat him in the tall category and then chat Jordan also won the overall at that show. Another note where the name that competed here was Albert Beckles who competed in the medium category but he got sixth place in that competition. So one of the judges at that 1966 Mr. Universe competition was named Wag Bennett. He owned a gym in London at the time and his wife Diane Bennett also lifted weights and was very interested in the sport. So these guys, they noticed Arnold and they noticed that he had a tremendous amount of potential. I mean, they ended up inviting him to stay with them for a couple of years. So even though that Wag Bennett and his wife had six children that they were raising at the time, they invited Arnold Schwarzenegger to stay with them. I mean, Wag would help him train and teach him how to pose but Arnold had to sleep on the couch because obviously there were no available beds because there were six children in the family. So a total of nine people living in that house when they invited Arnold to come live with them. So being a gym owner at the time and being a very accomplished member of the fitness community himself, Wag was actually the very first man in Britain to bench press 500 pounds. He was also an accomplished body builder and he actually met his wife by doing a body building show that was promoted by her father Bob Woehler. So Wag Bennett was a guy very passionate about body building. He saw the potential in Arnold and he realized that he had nobody to stay with and no means to stay in train for that year as Mr. Universe. So he took him in. He taught him how to pose actually and he also devised a training program for him. So very early on in Arnold's day. He was taught how to pose and taught how to train by Wag Bennett. So after Arnold lost that Mr. Universe, titled a chat, you're in Wag Bennett obviously being a judge, new which areas that Arnold needed to work on. So when he devised his training program for Arnold, he focused specifically on bringing up those areas that Arnold was lacking in. So the following year in 1967, Arnold Schwarzenegger would defeat Dennis Tina Rino to win the 1967 NAB a Mr. Universe. And Arnold actually said on record that that 1967 Mr. Universe title was his ticket to America, the land of opportunity where he would become a star and get rich, basically giving credit to Wag Bennett for essentially fixing his physique, giving him a place to live and enabling him to win that 1967 Mr. Universe, which he claimed was his ticket to success. So he definitely attributes a large portion of his success to Wag Bennett helping him out during that time in between the 66 and 67 Mr. Universe competitions. So I thought this would be a very interesting piece of bodybuilding history since Arnold essentially gives credit to Wag Bennett's training for being the reason he won the 1967 Mr. Universe, which then catalyzed him the fame. And thereby enabled him to move to America. So I thought this would be a very interesting topic for a video. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink and power signing out.