Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I thought it'd be an interesting topic for a video to show you guys some photos of Arnold Source Nager in the off season. Now, the reason why I found this to be interesting is because really what today's body but what you see is almost a completely different body builder when you look at these guys in the off season. Some of these guys get so big and so bloated and hold so much water. They don't look anything like the way they look in competition condition. But if you look back at the golden era of body building, you would rarely see any of these guys looking like the guys today in the off season. You would rarely see a photo of Arnold Schwarzenegger fat. You would rarely see a photo of Franco Colombo fat. And that's because they never really were fat. They believed in staying lean year round. They believed in staying in shape year round. And there wasn't really this goal to get massive in the off season. Nowadays, you see guys pushing 300 pounds even over 300 pounds in the off season nowadays. You see guys pushing 330 and according to some people, big, ramen even pushes 350 in the off season. So this attempt to gain size is really pushed the way that the body builders look in the off season today versus how they look back in the day in the golden era. So the reason why you see so many photos of Arnold Schwarzenegger looking amazing is because most of the time he did look amazing. Most of the time he didn't really let his foot off the gas. He was staying on his diet. He was staying on his training. But there are rare few pictures where he was in the off season. He was looking a little bit flat and he was having a little bit more body fat or water weight than he usually would. And I'm not talking about Arnold Schwarzenegger once he got into the movie industry because obviously he downsize significantly once he got into movies. He definitely wasn't paying as much attention to his physique as he was when he was a body builder. And that's because the physique standard for Hollywood was a much different physique standard for the Olympia stage of the mystery universe stage. Or whatever stage you were going to step on in the 1970s. There's certainly a different level of conditioning required to actually compete versus just being a movie. So really the worst photos that you're ever going to find if Arnold has simply photos of him without visible abs. He's always going to look aesthetic. He's always going to have that crazy chest, those crazy arms. But really the worst pictures that you're going to see is maybe Arnold with a flat stomach, not really flat, not even flat. So nothing like the guys today. So again, I just thought this would be an interesting topic for a video because there's just such a vast difference between the offseason back in the golden era and the offseason today. I mean, Arnold pretty much even in the worst shape of his offseason, Arnold definitely had way less body fat, way less water weight than any of the pros today have when they're in the offseason. And I think this is going to be one of the things that we see with this new division in classic physique. And this is one of the reasons why I think it's such a good idea that they have weight divisions and weight limits in classic physique because if they keep these weight limits, it's going to give these guys an incentive to stay lean year around. Because they don't have to do a crazy cut at the end of the year or right before a competition to meet a certain weight limit. So I think it's going to keep these guys relatively lean all year. I think this is what we're going to see from the classic physique guys. No one's going to be playing the size game in the offseason. No one's going to be doing any crazy walking. And you're going to see guys like Breon Ainsley, Chris Bumsted, stay lean year round. And this is going to be something that I think is going to change the game for body building overall as a sport. So let me know in the comment section below about what you guys think about offseason Arnold Schwarzenegger versus some of the body builders in the offseason today. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink and power. Signing out.