Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power, so I'm happy to report that Arnold Schwarzenegger is back in the gym and actively training following his open heart surgery back in early April. So at the age of 70 Arnold Schwarzenegger had to undergo open heart surgery to replace an aging pomeonic valve and after which everyone was kind of concerned for him, he hadn't really posted much. He was laying low. And after the surgery, he said he was doing better, but he's still not doing good. So it's very good to see that he's doing well enough now. It's not only up and walking around, but to be in the gym and actively training. So it's very good to see from Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sure that pretty much everybody is relieved to see that he's doing well. He's recovered and he's training because Arnold Schwarzenegger let alone being one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time. He was also a major film star obviously. So he has fans all over the world, millions of fans regardless of whether or not they're in the bodybuilding. They've probably seen some of his movies, so I'm sure all of us not just within the bodybuilding community, but also the fans of all his films and all his other work are very happy to see him recovering and doing well. Because I know as a bodybuilding fan, I certainly wasn't ready to see Arnold Schwarzenegger go. I mean personally, I go to the Arnold Classic in Columbus Ohio every single year. I've been going for about a decade now. And that Arnold Classic that was put on by Arnold Schwarzenegger is really the reason for this channel existing. It's the reason for my interest in bodybuilding is the reason for my interest in covering bodybuilding. It's really the reason why I started making videos in general. So Arnold Schwarzenegger had a big impact on the bodybuilding community and specifically a big impact on this channel. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you're glad to see that Arnold is doing well. And if you want to see more bodybuilding news, bodybuilding coverage and bodybuilding content, make sure you subscribe to this channel. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time from Power, signing out.