Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So today's topic is going to be pretty interesting for you guys. I think it's pretty interesting at least. So this guy is an actor, a body builder, a stuntman, and a professional strongman. Interestingly enough, this guy has been in more movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger than any other actor for a total of 15 Schwarzenegger films. In many of them serving as a stunt double for Arnold Schwarzenegger, that was his primary role as an actor, was being a stuntman. But as you can see in this photo, here's the photo of Arnold in his prime posing with Fennel Thorson. So their friendship goes way before Arnold was ever in Hollywood. So it really all started back with Conan the barbarian. One of Arnold's first major movies, and obviously in that movie with Arnold, he brought along a lot of his body builder friends, including Franco Colombo. So for that movie, Sven was given his first role by Arnold, and that's where it really all began. And from that point forward, he had appeared in movies such as Commando, running man, predator, total recall, terminator. Just all the major Arnold movies, Sven has some kind of stunt role or some kind of acting role in those movies. Him and Arnold becoming really lifelong friends, and business associates after that first time working together. Now another interesting thing about Sven is he was actually much taller than Arnold's standing about six foot five. This Danish strongman actually won Denmark's strongest man back in 1983, and he also placed him at Europe's strongest man representing Denmark. So as far as body building history goes, there's a couple interesting things involving Sven and Thorson. So he actually started in 1979 the Danish body building Federation, which is now still an existence, as now known as the Danish body building and fitness Federation or the DBFF. And up until recently, you could actually earn an IAPB pro card in this DBFF. But now with the split between the IAPB and the IAPB quote unquote elite pro organization that Raphael Santoha runs for basically all the overseas countries. As far as I know now, the DBFF is not affiliated with R.I.I.I.I.P.B over here, so it's two different things now. So probably one of the biggest blockbuster films or biggest blockbuster roles that Sven had during his acting career would be in the movie Galadier with Russell Crow. Obviously this movie was massive. I made a ton of money, it was one of the biggest movies of all time. So in Gladiator, Sven actually beat Lou Ferigno for the part of that giant Gladiator. If you guys remember the Gladiator with the tiger, his name was Tigris. He was like the biggest Gladiator in the Gladiator circuit, I guess you could call it. He was the big intimidating guy. And that would be Sven Althorsen. It was supposed to be Lou Ferigno, but Sven beat him for that role. And had it been Lou Ferigno. I mean that would have been a pretty impressive role for Lou. So that was a very big victory for Sven Althorsen to get that role because it was obviously a pretty big money making role to win. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and enjoyed some of the photos of Sven and Arnold on set of various Schwarzenegger movies. I thought they were all pretty interesting photos from Arnold in the past. I'm especially post-body building career where you can see his physique starting to downsize a little bit. I'm just some interesting stuff that I found interesting. So I hope you guys found it interesting as well. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make strength and power signing out.