Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I'm going to make a video where I talked a little bit about Bill Kazmire. And he is a guy who I believe is one of the greatest, if not the greatest world strongest man winners of all time. Now I made a video a couple days ago about Bill Kazmire calling out Tom Plats. For Tom Plats his famous squat video where he squatting 500 plus pounds for over 23 reps. And Bill Kazmire accused Tom Plats of using fake weights. So if you haven't seen that video go ahead and check that out now. But a lot of people are asking who's Bill Kazmire. And I realize a lot of people might not know who Bill Kazmire actually is. A lot of you guys might just be bodybuilding fans or casual fans of the sport and might not be familiar with the strong man scene. Or the strong man winners of World Strongest Man. So I wanted to cover a little bit on Bill Kazmire in this video. So the World Strongest Man competition began back in 1977 and Bill Kazmire would be the third man ever to win the World Strongest Man. The first being Bruce Willham and the second being Don Rhyde Hound. So Bill Kazmire won his first World Strongest Man in 1980. He had won again in 1981 and also 1982. Now this is the interesting thing about Bill Kazmire's World Strongest Man career. So from 1983, 84, 85 and 86, he was actually not allowed to compete because he was, quote, Two dominant of a competitor. He kept winning. At that time he had one more World Strongest Man's and any other person. And the powers that be decided they didn't want to let Bill compete because they wanted to provide the opportunity for somebody new to win. Because Bill Kazmire was just winning by such a large margin. No one else was even coming close. So obviously this was blatantly unfair to Bill Kazmire and you could make an argument that 83, 84, 85, 86. Bill Kazmire could have won all of those years, making him a seven-time World Strongest Man. And as some of you may or may not know, the record for World Strongest Man wins is five. And that record is held by Marius Puginowski. So Bill Kazmire actually was allowed to come back in 1988 where he could play second to John Paul Sigmerson. And then his final World Strongest Man appearance would be in 1989 or he would play his fourth. And from that point forward he would stop competing in the World Strongest Man. Now as far as I know he did still compete in some strongman competitions all the way up until 1992, but from that point forward I don't think he ever did any more strongman, you know, after the early 90s. Now currently he's one of the biggest faces and representatives really up strongman as a sport. I believe he is the announcer for the Arnold Classic Strongman competition. I've met him a couple times at the Arnold Classic actually. Now in addition to being a three-time World Strongest Man, Bill Kazmire actually broke the bench press world record in the raw bench press three times. In 1979 set a new record of 617.3 pounds and 1980 setting a new record of 633.83 pounds. And in 1981 arguably his most impressive record ever, he would bench press 661.4 pounds raw, becoming the first man ever to bench press 300 kilograms. And this was done in an IPF sanctioned meat and without any elbow wrap so completely raw power lifting really impressive lifts by Bill Kazmire. So three time World Strongest Man and three time bench press world record holder. So obviously in addition to strongman he was a competitive power lifter and his best powerlifting total ever. It was 2425 pounds which is 1100 kilograms and that would be totaled with a 925.9 pound squat, a 661.4 pound bench press that I mentioned before and an 837.8 pound deadlift. So I wanted to speak briefly on Kazmire's best lift because Kazmire again it was commenting on Tom Platt squat and a lot of people in the comments section were saying, oh who is Bill Kazmire to comment on Tom Platt squatting Bill Kazmire's never squattered anything impressive. So Bill Kazmire does have a 925.9 pound squat. So I think that is certainly worth mentioning as far as his credibility to talk about Tom Platt's. And if being a three time World Strongest Man winner and three time World record holding power lifter weren't enough he would also go on to become a professional wrestler. And as I mentioned also a sports commentator in a 1981 he would try out for the Green Bay Packers NFL football team. Now during his professional wrestling career he would briefly wrestle for Vince McMahon's WWF in 1986. But the majority of his wrestling fame would come in 1991 where he began wrestling for WCW where arguably his most famous rivalry was with Lex Luger. And if all those things didn't make him manly enough when he wasn't busy being a professional wrestler football player strongman or power lifter he would spend his time working as a balancer or a lumberjack. So Bill Kazmire will forever go down in history is one of the greatest strength athletes of all time and in my personal opinion probably one of the greatest winners of the World Strongest Man competition. Because I believe had he been given the opportunity to compete between 83 and 88. He would have won at least two probably three of those years to at least tie or break the record of five World Strongest Man wins. That is currently held by Marty's Puginowski. And then also combined that with the fact that his margins of victory between first and second were so large. I'm really made him that much more impressive of a World Strongest Man competitor. So if you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.