Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's time to power. It's not an interesting topic for a video. It would be the times that Dexter Jackson was actually able to beat Phil Heath. Now currently Dexter Jackson is one of the top threats to the Mr. Olympia title. He's been placing top three top four for the past several years now. He's been one of the guys that has been really pushing Phil for that win. But keep in mind Dexter Jackson has been around for so long that he's pretty much beaten almost every competitor that he's ever been on stage with. And that includes the current seven-time Mr. Olympia Phil Heath. Now I've said this before, but I'll say it again, even though Dexter Jackson has only one singular Mr. Olympia title and that would be in 2008. I still think he is one of the greatest body builders to ever walk the face of the earth. I'd say that both because he has the record for the most number of I-F-E-B pro show wins. And because of what he's been able to achieve in his late 40s, I don't know if we're ever going to see another body builder replicate what Dexter Jackson has been able to do. Pushing 50 years old, placing as highly as he has at the Olympia consistently over the past couple of years. And also winning the shows that he's been winning over the past couple of years. I think it's one of the most incredible accomplishments of anybody builder. I mean, for that reason I think he's going to go down as one of the greatest, but in this particular video, I want to talk about Phil Heath versus Dexter Jackson because although currently Phil Heath has beat Dexter Jackson every single year that Phil Heath has won the Olympia, that was not always the case. So one of the titles that always seemed to escape Phil Heath was the Arnold Classic Ohio title. This is the title that Phil Heath has never won to this day, although he has competed in the Arnold Ohio multiple times. Now, one specific time he competed there was 2008, and this was probably the closest he would come to winning that title. Now, Phil Heath has actually competed in the Arnold Classic in Ohio three times. In 2007, 2008, in 2010, placing second in both 2008 and 2010 and 2007, that his first Arnold Classic ever placing fifth. Now, in 2010, he placed second to Kai Green. Now, I think Kai Green deserved that win and really did have Phil beat at that show. By the end of 2008, that was the closest year you can make an argument for Phil winning against Dexter Jackson. So I think that was the closest he ever came to winning an Arnold Classic title, and Dexter Jackson was the man that stopped him from doing so. Now, the more interesting one, I would say is the 2008 Olympia, which would come shortly after the 2008 Arnold Classic. Now, keep in mind, this was Phil Heath's debut at the Mr. Olympia. He had never competed in the Olympia ever before. So, in Phil Heath's first Olympia ever, he takes third place. And that would be the year that Dexter Jackson pulled off the upset and beat the reigning Mr. Olympia Jay Cutler to win his first and only Mr. Olympia title. Now, at the following years of Olympia in 2009, Dexter Jackson would defeat Phil Heath yet again, placing third while Phil Heath placed fifth behind Kai Green and Dexter. So, not a good year for Phil Heath at all in 2009. Now, finally, in 2010, Phil Heath would place second to Jay Cutler at the Olympia. Then, of course, the year following as we all know in 2011, that would be Phil Heath's first Mr. Olympia win and from that point forward, Dexter Jackson would not beat him on the Olympia stage ever again and probably never will. So, I just thought this was an interesting little piece of bodybuilding information, because a lot of the fans today, if you look at Phil Heath versus Dexter Jackson, Phil Heath wins pretty much every single time. But I think what a lot of people didn't realize is before Phil Heath's Olympia reign, Dexter Jackson was beating him pretty easily at a lot of these pro shows. And again, that just really speaks to how good a bodybuilder Dexter Jackson really is and how long he's really been around. Beatting guys like Phil Heath, who was a seven-time Mr. Olympia before Phil Heath had ever even competed in the Olympia. So, Dexter Jackson, in my opinion, one of the greatest of all time, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time, I'm power signing out.