Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick on the Power so I don't want to make a video about Ben Pekolsky. Specifically his recent transformation where he seemed to have dropped a significant amount of body weight and muscle mass. And he also appears to be almost completely natural. So Ben Pekolsky as a bodybuilder has done a lot of things that have really impressed me. And this transformation, this recent downsizing, is going to be one of those things. So as a bodybuilder, I remember Ben Pekolsky most for the 2013 and 2012 Arnold classics in Columbus, Ohio. I can remember being backstage as a teenager and seeing Ben Pekolsky back there, backstage pumping up, getting ready to go on stage. And he was just one of the freakyest guys back there. I mean this guy, his delts and his legs were some of the freakyest in this sport of all time and then of course you can't underplay his calves. So 2012 he would actually place fourth at the Arnold classic. Then in 2013 he would bump all the way up to second. And then he would also compete at the 2014 and 2015 Arnold classics. And because I went to all those Arnold classics all of those years, that's the primary thing that I remember Ben Pekolsky for was always being kind of a top guy at the Arnold. And in fact he competed at the Arnold more times than he competed at the Mr. Olympia. Now one of the major criticisms Levy to Genspen Pekolsky was the size of his midsection. At times he did have a distant midsection and he did have a bit of a quote unquote bubble gut. But the impressive thing about Ben, and this is one of the things that impressed me personally was in 2016 when he kind of made a comeback of swords. Having not competed since March of 2015 at the Arnold classic, he would come back in June of 2016 to compete at the Toronto Pro show where he would place fourth. And one month later in July of 2016 he would compete in the Vancouver Pro show and actually pick up the win there. Now that win wasn't the only impressive thing about that comeback. The fact that he came back, he was downsize a little bit in terms of his overall muscle mass. But his waist was significantly smaller and the control of his stomach was significantly noticeably better. To the point where he was almost able to hit a vacuum pose when he was doing his front double bicep and his mandatory poses. So I was very, very impressed by that because he obviously noticed that he had this flaw. He obviously paid attention to that criticism. They came back, worked on it and actually turned it into almost a strong point for him. So during his professional career he did impress me a lot. And I don't think he's ever officially retired from bodybuilding. So as of right now, even though he's much smaller, much more downsize, I don't think he's ever made the announcement that he's done competing. Now my understanding of Ben Pekolsky's recent transformation is this. It was not provoked by any type of health concern or he was not forced to do it. It was something he did out of choice. And that is something that I really respect him for because you guys got to put yourself in his shoes here for a minute. This guy was 280 pounds on stage as a pro bodybuilder. So can you imagine the ego of a guy that walks around at that size on a daily basis? For a guy to be able to shut down his ego and put that aside, leave his ego as a door and say, okay, now I've got a family. I've got a business. I'm not competing. My health is one of the most important things for me. I'm not competing right now. I'm running my business spending time with my family. There's no reason for me to be big anymore. And that's the one thing that I think a lot of guys don't seem to be able to do. That's why a lot of people say stairroids are kind of an addicting thing because once you get on them and you see what your body can look like and you get to that size and you get to that crazy, everybody's looking at you type of physique. It's hard to stop because once you stop, you lose that physique. You lose that muscle mass. You become a different, you know, basically a different body. So the thing that I really respect been for and that I really, you know, I think is a hard thing for him to do as to be able to do that by choice and leave that ego aside and downsize from, you know, this 280 pound guy on stage. Over 300 pounds in the offseason mind you. I don't know what he weighs now, but obviously significantly less than he did. So I want to commend him for this transformation actually. And he's not the only guy that's been doing this recently. Of course, Mark Olobliner of Tiger Fitness has recently downsized significantly. Of course, you have Cali muscle who has recently been downsizing. I think in all of these cases, it's for the best and it's the smart thing to do. I'm in Ben Picozki again, a guy with a family, a guy with a business. He's really setting the bar very high and showing these pro body builders. Here's what you can do when you retire. I mean, you can start a great business. I mean Ben Picozki has the M 140 gym. He has the M 140 training programs that he sells. He's able to spend time with his family and he's able to do all that without being vain enough to try to maintain the muscle that he had as a pro body, but a 300, 280 pound guy offseason or not. So he's showing these a lot of these pro guys that when you retire, you don't have to maintain that crazy size that you had as a pro. You can be smart, you can be a business man, you can make money, you can be healthy, you can spend time with your family and you can do all that while downsizing. And my understanding is while he's not completely natural. I'm a belief he said in a podcast, he was down to a TRT dose or the minimum possible dose of testosterone that you can take. So probably just maintaining his normal testosterone levels. So probably as close to natural as a pro body builder can get. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Ben Pockolski's transformation. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.