Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Van the Power. So I thought an interesting video would be a comparison between Marcus Roole and Big Rami. Arguably two of the biggest body builders from each of their respective eras. Marcus Roole obviously being around the late 90s and early 2000s. And Big Rami hitting the scene in 2013 at the New York pro up until present, placing second at this past year's Mr. Olympia. So Marcus Roole and Big Rami, as far as body building history goes, outside of guys that have won the Mr. Olympia, these guys are probably the two biggest body builders that have not won a Mr. Olympia competition. Now Marcus Roole, I think as a body builder, was a lot less successful than Big Rami was. Big Rami has placed very highly at the Olympia, like I said, placing second this past year, and Big Rami has won a number of pro shows. However, I think from a size standpoint, they were actually very comparable body builders. Now a lot of people talk about Big Rami as if he is this like the biggest bodybuilder of all time and there's never been anybody quite as freaky or quite like Big Rami. And I kind of disagree with that because Marcus Roole back in the late 90s, early 2000s, was one of the freakyest body builders, if not the freakyest bodybuilder of all time. In particular, the 2002 Knight of Champions version of Marcus Roole, where Marcus Roole was not only insanely massive, but he was shredded to the bone, probably the most shredded version of Marcus Roole that we had ever seen. And that's one of the things that I think he has in terms of an advantage over Big Rami is because although Big Rami is massive, typically Big Rami is known from a size standpoint for his offseason pictures. When the competition time comes around, we have yet to see a truly shredded to the bone Big Rami. So for this comparison video, I want to compare 2002 Marcus Roole at the Knight of Champions, versus roughly 2015 Big Rami. I think 2015 Big Rami was the year that he brought his physique in the most conditioned condition in my opinion. I think that was the year he really nailed it. So particularly, I'd say the 2015 Arno Classic Brazil, either that or the 2015 Prague Pro. Now, Big Rami did win the Arno Classic Brazil in 2015. And at the Prague Pro, I think he was a little bit more conditioned than he was at the Arno Classic Brazil, but he did not win that show. He was beaten by William Bonac, but he did however manage to beat Dexter Jackson and Sean Roden, whom had both beaten him at the Olympia that same year. So he looks so good in Prague that he was able to move up two playcings because he placed fourth of the Olympia, losing to Dexter Jackson and third and Sean Roden in second. But he was able to beat both of those guys because conditioning had improved so much when he went to Prague. On the other hand, the 2015 Arno Classic Brazil win was arguably one of the biggest wins of his career and he looked very impressive at that show. So I want to compare the 2015 Brazil win and the 2002 night of champions win to really compare the two physique's of Marcus Ruelheim big Rami. Now I would say from a completeness standpoint, from a proportional standpoint and from a judging standpoint, Big Rami would arguably be a better bodybuilder than Marcus Ruelheim they went head to head today. Big Rami has the number one thing that Marcus Ruel was lacking and that was leg size to match the tremendous upper body. But on the other hand, I think from an upper body standpoint, Marcus Ruel had a more freaky and impressive and just jaw dropping upper body compared to Big Rami. Now Big Rami does have the size, there's definitely no doubt about that. But the way that Marcus Ruel displayed that size, I think was a little bit more impressive than Big Ruelheim. And I'm in particular the arms and the chest. I mean, Marcus Ruel, his arms and chest were just absolutely jaw dropping. This guy was amazing. And while Big Rami does have really big arms, a pretty good chest and a really good back, again, I just think that Marcus Ruel had, you know, a more standout upper body development from a freaky standpoint. So I'd have to give the upper body particularly the chest and the arms to Marcus Ruel. But it's the legs and the midsection that are really going to be the main difference between these two guys. Marcus Ruel's number one problem, I would say, is probably the leg size. But the number two problem would be the gut. I mean, on many occasions, Marcus Ruel would compete with a very extended gut. And that's one of the things I got to give Major props to Big Rami for is because he does have this incredible size. But he has yet to come in with almost virtually no gut whatsoever. I mean, he has a very well controlled midsection for a guy of his size. But I think the thing that people don't realize is from a size standpoint, they're actually very, very comparable. So Marcus Ruel stood about five foot nine inches tall while weighing between 285 and 29 neon stage. Some say he was an excess of 330 pounds in the off season. And Big Rami, on the other hand, now this is debatable. Some people will say that Big Rami weighs 300 plus pounds on stage in rip condition. I think at all likelihood Big Rami is probably around 292.95 on stage. I know his trainers in the past have said he's been three, 10 on stage. I just, I really don't see that. But in either case, he's still arguably one of the biggest body builders that ever stepped on the Olympia stage. If he stepped on stage, truly, anywhere close to 300 pounds, even if it was 295, that is a very impressive accomplishment for somebody to be in contests shape. But he is an inch taller than Marcus Ruel. So again, from a size standpoint, I think they're not too far off in competition condition. Because as I mentioned before, one of the main standout points with Big Rami is how freaky he looks in the off season. So every year leading up to the Olympia, he'll put out these progress pictures in the off season. He's like 350 pounds and he looks crazy impressive and crazy big. But then the Olympia will come around and he's not going to look as big as he looks in the off season where his Marcus Ruel looked every bit as freaky on stage as he would in the off season. So he really did deliver the goods on many occasions. And at some of the shows he would do like the grand prize following the Olympia, he would give Ronnie Coleman and Jake Culler a run for their money at some of those shows. And as a bodybuilding fan myself, I've got to say, if we could have a showdown right now, a competition where we had both a prime Marcus Ruel and a prime big Romney going head to head, I think that would be the best selling bodybuilding show in the history of bodybuilding to see those two titans collide on stage, man. That would be just incredible because the thing about these mass monsters is the reason they look so big is because typically there was no one else that matched them from a size standpoint or even looked anything like them during their era. But big Romney and Marcus Ruel, if we had them both in their prime, I think they would be pretty comparable. I think Big Romney would end up winning, but just the fact of two of these guys wing nearly 300 pounds on stage, the freakingness, the level of muscularity, even if Big Romney would win easily. I think it would be just something that people would pay big money to see, just these two massive guys competing head to head on stage. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. If Big Romney and Marcus Ruel both in their prime went head to head, who would you guys have winning that competition? And so please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.