Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Fanta Power, checking in with you guys about eight weeks out from the Mr. Olympia, and now in addition to all the leaked photos that we have at Big Rami, we now have an actual full-posing video, front and back inside of what Big Rami is looking like right now at less than eight weeks out from the Olympia. Now one thing that really stands out to me about the recent updates that have been coming out with Big Rami, whether it's a picture or a video, is that this year they're doing it a little bit differently. Every other year, the big talking point about Big Rami seems to be how much he weighs eight weeks out, 10 weeks out, all he's 335, he's 350. And the weight has always been the main focus point of the post, and they're always talking about how big he is and how much he weighs. The one thing I noticed this year is that they're not really doing that at all, but this video, they didn't say how much he weighs in this video. What the photos that we've seen so far this year, they didn't say how much he weighs in those photos. So I think that's actually a good sign because to me that means they've actually realized okay, the fans already know Big Rami is big. We don't need to keep talking about the weight, we don't need to keep talking about how Biggie is. We need to focus on getting Big Rami dialed in, getting him conditioned because that's what the fans need to see. It's not going to be a surprise that Big Rami comes on stage big. It's not going to be a surprise if Big Rami is weighing 315, 320, 330 at 10 weeks out of 8 weeks out. He's done that before. People have already seen that and they need to see something new. So in this video, I think we're seeing something new and I think we're seeing something very good here. This is a, you know, for 8 weeks out, a guy with this much muscle mass, a guy with this kind of frame, this kind of muscle, I think this is the kind of conditioning we need to be seeing at 8 weeks out. So I got to give Big Rami credit here. I think he looks really good for eight weeks out. A couple of things that jumped out to me in particular was the leg separation. The glute ham tie in is already there. Just the separation between the hamstrings and the quads. That's, you know, really a sure sign of conditioning. And in the past on the Olympia stage, I think some of the main points of his body where his conditioning seems to suffer tend to be his lower back in the glute hamstring area. So for the off season, for him to be looking back good in those areas right now, I think that's a very good sign of how he's going to look on the Olympia stage. So I will absolutely give credit where credit is due. I think Big Rami is, I think he's on the mark right now. I think so far, so good. I ate weeks out. This is where he needs to be. But only time will tell us we could closer to the Olympia what happens. His stomach does look a little bit distended here. And that's the thing that could change Big Rami's physique in an instant. Because a guy this big needs to eat a lot of food to maintain that roundness and fullness. So he could look great all the way up until the week of the Olympia. It's all going to be a matter of carving him up properly, feeling him out properly and not blowing out his physique too much to where he has distention. So he could look perfect going all the way up to the Olympia and then they could mess something up the last night. And that's just body building. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Big Rami is looking at less than eight weeks out. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schrein from Power, signing out.