Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's Dr. Empower so it is that time of year again. We are about 11 weeks out from the 2018 Mr. Olympia and pretty much anybody competing at the Mr. Olympia. At this point is in the middle of or at some point in their prep for the Mr. Olympia. So as a result of that we have now seen the first picture of Big Rami during his 2018 Olympia prep. Now of course this progress picture just like it does every year has Instagram a buzz with the possibility of Big Rami winning the 2018 Mr. Olympia. As soon as I woke up this morning my inbox on Instagram was full of hundreds of messages of people sending me this photo and asking my opinion on it and if I think this means, you know this is the end of the line for Phil Heath. So if you guys want to take a guess at how Big Rami looked, well he looked big. Just like he does every year and that's why his nickname is Big Rami. Every single year going into the Mr. Olympia, this similar thing happens and I say this time and time again, you know every year about this point there's a photo of Big Rami that gets released where he's looking big. He's always looking big. I mean you can't take that away from him. He's huge. He's the biggest bodybuilder on the Olympia stage by far. The freakyest bodybuilder arguably on the Olympia stage by far and probably one of the biggest bodybuilders we've ever seen. So usually in the off season he looks very big. Usually during his prep, he looks very big. I'm not surprised at all to see him post a picture during his prep for the Olympia where he's looking very big. So what I want to see from Big Rami this year, if he's looking to win the Mr. Olympia, is a different Big Rami during his prep. So if every single year we see photos of Big Rami during his prep looking big and every single year Big Rami doesn't seem to be able to win the Olympia, all of those years that he looks big, something's got to give. So obviously Big Rami doesn't need to get any bigger. He's already big. It's easy for him to be big. But we need to see, his big Rami shredded to the bone 12 weeks out from the Mr. Olympia and still being big at the same time, not just being big. So a big Rami had posted a picture today and he was diced, had cross striations and his quads. He was vascular all over his body. Then I would say, wow, I mean this is a different Big Rami. This is a Big Rami that we're not used to seeing because we've already seen Big Rami looking big. We've already seen offseason Big Rami. What we haven't seen is a Big Rami three months out of the Mr. Olympia. That's already shredded to the bone. Which in my opinion is the main reason why you're not seeing Big Rami win the Mr. Olympia. He can't come in with that level of conditioning that I think he needs to win the Olympia. Obviously like I said, he's the biggest body builder on stage, the freakyest body builder on stage. But he's almost never, well he never has been the most conditioned body builder on stage at the Mr. Olympia. So it is true that starting in 2013, all of Big Rami's Mr. Olympia play things have improved every single year he's competed at the Olympia. In 2013 he was eighth at the Olympia. 2014 he was seventh. 2015 he was fifth. 2016 he was fourth. 2017 he moved up to second. So a lot of people are speculating he's going to move up again this year and he's going to win the Mr. Olympia. But my question to you guys is just because Big Rami moves up in place every year. Does that mean he's bringing a better package every year? Or does that mean the other guys are coming in off each year allowing him to move up? Because honestly, I think like 2015, 2016 Big Rami was pretty much the best Big Rami that we'd ever seen in terms of conditioning and hardness and fullness. And I think from that 2015 to 2016 physique, he hasn't really gotten better since then. I think that was really the pinnacle of Big Rami. So I think he needs to improve upon that 2015, 2016 physique this year at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Because in 2017 something just look off to me about Big Rami. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. I'm sure a lot of you guys are hyped and excited to see Big Rami looking big like he always does. But I'm going to try to be the voice of reason like I always am and not get overly excited because in the past when we've gotten overly excited about Big Rami in the off season, we're almost never getting the result that we want at the Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength of power signing out.