Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time and power. So I got sent a fascinating topic for a video today. And this is Bill Kazmire, three time world strongest man winner, and possibly one of the greatest winners of the world strongest man of all time. A video of him giving a seminar where he accuses Tom Platt's of using fake weights. Now the fake weight video that we're talking about is Tom Platt squatting 500 plus pounds for over 23 reps But he is wearing a super suit in that video to assist with the squats and I believe back then this was a competition that he did with Dr. Squat aka Fred Hatfield as kind of a competition to see who could squat more And it's interesting because this was done after Tom Platt's bodybuilding prime. This was done around 1993 at the Fibo Expo in Germany. So this was significantly after Tom Platt's peak of his competitive bodybuilding career and significantly after the peak of his strength. So you've got a factor that aspect into the equation and you can see Bill Kazmire actually in the background of that video actually cheering Tom Platt's on. So it's interesting to see that Bill Kazmire after the fact would say he calls bullshit. This is a direct quote from Bill Kazmire. He said I call bullshit. It was fake weights. In the video itself of Tom Platt squatting the quote unquote 500 pounds is actually kind of a weird video because during most of the video they have the weights on either side cropped out and they just claim that it wasn't fact 500 pounds. So I don't really show the weight too much until the end where they do show how many plays aren't he side. But during the entire squatting session they just show basically the center of the bar which is interesting. So do I think the plates were fake and Tom Platt's fake this lift. I'm actually going to say no guys. I disagree with Bill Kazmire here. Tom Platt's is one of the greatest and most legendary squatters of all time both in terms of his depth when he would squat and just the legendary intensity of his squat workouts. Of course the size and shape of his legs speak for themselves. He had arguably the best legs of his era and they would go on to be the best legs for years after his era. In addition to that Tom Platt's is in his early 60s right now and he recently put out a video where he was still squatting 365 pounds for reps again in his 60s. So do I think it was possible for Tom Platt's to squat 500 pounds for 20 something reps wearing a super suit mind you it wasn't a raw squat. Do I think that's possible? Absolutely dude it's Tom Platt's. However I do think this is probably the highest profile and most fascinating case of somebody calling fake weights on somebody else. I mean you've got Tom Platt's. You know the most legendary body builder in terms of leg development of all time is being called you know a faker on one of his squats. By not just anybody but a three time world strongest man and keep in mind Bill Kazmire could have been the greatest world strongest man when of all time. Because for four years after his third win the judges actually didn't allow him to return to the competition because he was too taught he was too dominant and he was winning too much. So they didn't let him compete until I think 1988 they kept him from competing so four years he was out of the game he could have competed all those years and probably won. And then today he would be the you know all time winning just world strongest man winner. But you know the rest is history as far as that's concerned. But I'll play a little clip from the seminar that Bill Kazmire gave where he's talking about Tom Platt's lift. I want to give credit here to massive iron Steve Shaw's channel. That was the linked video that my subscriber sent me when he asked me about this so Steve Shaw's the one that brought up this topic. So go check out his channel if you haven't already and here is the clip of Bill Kazmire talking about Tom Platt's. Go ahead and let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Faker not give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time for power signing out. And you look at the third round and the tenth round and the seventh round and nothing changes. I can't hold shit. Those are Facebook couple of days weeks ago. Everybody commented. I want to go squat. This is the first year. Oh school that was great. Oh shit. I was taking some. Roll wins, make way. I try to know this a lot of the black robbers. I don't think all of them are the time. I would stay in the behind and the office of the 2018 Bradhampton put it all together. I didn't realize that until I saw it years later when the weight is at 10,000 goes. His body hurt the moves. Some teams wrap looks like a toy and then he gets done at 23 sort of calls forward like, yeah, that's what's going to be.