Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here in Next Time of Power. So I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder specifically, Carlito XXL, who's kind of an Instagram star right now. And a lot of people are referring to this guy as the most vascular bodybuilder of all time, the freakyest bodybuilder of all time, etc., etc., so Carlito XXL has about 101,000 followers on Instagram. And his primary claim to fame is his seemingly, you know, extreme vascularity, and also seemingly his extreme size. So the specific topic that I wanted to address in this video was kind of Instagram versus reality. I mean the ability of bodybuilders to kind of manipulate the lighting, the angles, the filters. To alter the way their physique actually look in real life, to the point where they look like a completely different person in their pictures, then they will look if you see them on stage or if you see them in person. So this isn't even addressing the possibility of photoshopping the pictures, adding size to the muscle, adding roundness and fullness. This is simply just addressing, you know, the angles, the lighting, and the filters that come with Instagram. The photoshopping is a whole other thing. But honestly, I don't know that Carlito XXL is doing that. It really just looks more so like he's mastering the angles. It's always under perfect lighting, and it's always filtered, you know, to the maximum. So the point to all this is I feel like a lot of people see these Instagram stars, these social media sensations that post these, you know, sensational pictures of their physique, of their physique, so a larger than life, you know, freaker than, you know, any possible real physique. And people think these guys are like God's man, like they have unattainable physique, like they're just on this next level type of, when really all it is, this filters enlightening in the perfect angle. I've said this many times in the comment section of my own pictures. Fitness is 99% good lighting in good angles. You can be a top six Mr. Olympia contender, but if you have a bad photo taken of you in the wrong lighting, you can look soft and flat and almost look like an NPC level body builder, and the reverse is also true. You can be kind of a half decent, you know, NPC body builder, and you can look like Mr. Olympia on Instagram by manipulating your photos to the extent of just making yourself look freaky. So the point here is just don't let yourself be easily deceived. I think a lot of people see these guys on Instagram and they're like, man, how's this guy not even an IFBB pro? How's this guy not Mr. Olympia yet? And the simple reason is, you know, it's all manipulation. Everything is photo manipulation. And what you'll actually see is the best of the best pro body builders, you can tell they don't even put a filter on their picture, they don't sharpen their picture, they don't change the saturation, they don't have to put, you know, a certain side angle to make their arm look bigger, they will pose straightforward from the front, no filters, and they will still look incredible. So that is the mark of a true champion, I'm going to true IFBB pro. And just for comparison purposes throughout this video, I've thrown in, you know, pictures of Carlydo XXL on his Instagram versus pictures of him at his last body building show in the NPC, where he did actually do very well. He has a great physique, there's no doubt about it. I mean, he won the light heavyweight division of the last show that he did, but that being said, even though he has a great NPC physique, his physique doesn't look anywhere near the way that it looks in his Instagram pictures with all these angles lighting and manipulation. So the point there is man, just don't believe the hype. And I'm not even accusing this guy a photo shop or even doing anything wrong. I mean, the majority of the fitness industry is doing this. And that's not to say that he's doing something wrong, but as to say that, you know, we should be aware that a lot of people are doing this. This is the way it is. So when you see these crazy photos and crazy physique on Instagram, you got to keep in mind a large percentage of this is lighting and angles and it's not actually disinsane physique. It's really more mastery of photography than it is mastery of body building, you know, in 2018, that seems to be what it's all about. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.