Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. So I have BB Pro John Anderson as of course making the rounds on the internet again with these videos that he's been posting recently of his traps. Now I've made a video in the past where I said that I thought John Anderson had some of the freakyest traps in bodybuilding history, but recently some of the videos he's been putting out have been getting a lot of negative attention, especially this video where he's showing his traps from the back here. The reason why is because a lot of people are suggesting that he's using oil in his traps, shoulders and his triceps. And by oil I mean some kind of sight and handsman oil or sinthal or something that's going to enhance the volume eyes, the shape and size of the muscle. And this particular back shot of his traps is the main reason why people are talking about this. Flexes is trapped from the back. There's almost like an extra bump on top of the trap muscle. There's almost a tear drop shaped to the top of his trap. And if you look at the actual anatomy of what the trepysious muscles look like, there is no extra little bump on top like that. That's got to be some sort of enhancement as what people are claiming when they're sending me all these messages about John Anderson's traps. Now for comparison purposes, I'd like to throw up some shots here of Johnny Jackson, who is an IPB pro bodybuilder that I believe has some of the best traps of all time in bodybuilding history. And personally, I don't think Johnny Jackson ever used any type of sight and handsman oil. More anything to volume eyes or enhance the look of his traps other than his crazy heavy power-building style of bodybuilding routine. I think that's the sole reason why he had such big traps. Because those crazy heavy deadlifts, those crazy heavy shrugs. And just putting an extreme amount of stress and weight on those traps to grow them to that size. And when you look at them from the back, you can see a clear difference between the shape of Johnny Jackson's traps and the shape of John Anderson's traps. So I've got to agree with a lot of the people that are sending me this video. I'm saying it looks suspect. I think you get to say it looks suspect for sure to say the least. However, there's one more factor to consider here for many years John Anderson has been a competitive strongman lifting crazy heavy weights and doing a lot of obscure heavy lifts. There is one other strongman who seems to have traps almost exactly like John Anderson's the same shape in the same crazy prominence. And that is a strongman competitor by the name of Constantine, Jan Ashaya. And this is a guy that's been a top competitor in a top finalist at the World Strongest Man competition. So one of the highest level strongman competitors that you can get. And he clearly has insane trap development. Now many people speculate with him also that it's oil, more just enhanced muscle and not actual muscle mass that's making it look like that. But I think two professional strongman having the same crazy shape to their traps. It's at least worth adding to the conversation or adding to the list of options that could this be something that they're doing with their strongman training. That's making their traps look this way. It's at least something to consider. Although oil is probably the more likely suspect here. I think the fact that we have two pro-strongman with this condition, you could call it. Which would be something worth noting here. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. I'm going to leave this video up to you guys. Let me know whether or not you think John Anderson's traps are real or fake. Make sure you let me know in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have the power signing out.