Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So after my previous video earlier today on Branch, a lot of people were asking to see the full video of him pumping up backstage at the Arnold Classic. So here's the whole video here. I'm a little background information for you guys. Back in the day, the Arnold Classic Columbus Ohio used to be held at a venue called Veterans Memorial. And back then what they would do is they'd have this massive room backstage where they would basically build a gym for all the body builders competing to pump up and lift weights and get their, you know, their veins going and their blood flow and that would be the point of the pump up room. And they would also allow media access. You can see in a lot of these photos, there's photographers and different people you might recognize from the fitness industry. I'm in the background kind of filming and taking pictures. And that's the way this used to be. They used to have like an open, you know, anyone could go back there if you had press credentials. I mean, I've had press credentials since probably, you know, 2009 or 2010. So I used to be able to go backstage. And now what they do is they actually tore down that venue in the new venue. The pump up room is very small and they don't allow any press. That's why you don't really see videos like this anymore because they don't allow anyone back there. Otherwise you'd see, you know, I'd be posting videos every year for you guys. Hopefully one day they'll expand the new venue and add the option for the press to go back there. As you can see in this video, man, branch worn the whole point of this video was I put it in my branch worn video about his best physique ever because really him pumping up backstage. He was the only guy that really stood out to me as having, you know, this crazy vascularity, this crazy conditioning. And I believe the year of this video was either 2011 or 2012. I think it was 2012. But really, man, like I said, you can see all the other guys. They look good. But branch just really stood out as having those crazy veins. He was the most pumped. He was the most full. He was the most vascular. And this was one of the years for me where I think he really looked at his best. So I think this is just a great behind the scenes video that not a lot of people get to do. I mean, not a lot of people had the opportunity to get to go backstage. So it's something I thought you guys might enjoy seeing because really, you know, now no one gets to see it and back then very few people got to see it and I was one of them. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength and power signing out.