Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Branch Warn and the year that I feel he brought the best physique to the stage. In particular Branch Warn at the Olympia and the Arnold Classic are going to be the main focus of this video. So recently Branch has kind of stepped away from the competitive side of bodybuilding and has been focusing more on the business side of things and really towards the end of his competitive career. He started to get a lot more hate and a lot more people were saying he didn't have the prettiest physique he was blocky, his conditioning was off. But admittedly towards the end it kind of was. His last Olympia parents will be the 2015 Mr Olympia where he managed to play sixth. But at that 2015 Mr Olympia I think a lot of people including myself feel like that sixth place finish was a little bit of a gift for him. However, that being said I think a lot of people forget how good of a bodybuilder Branch Warn really is and was back in 2009 he was the runner up at the Mr Olympia to Jay Cutler. Now granted back in 2009 the Olympia lineup wasn't nearly as deep as some of the Olympia lineup we've seen in recent years and that's a large part of the reason why Branch plays so highly. But another reason is Branch really did look that good. I mean his conditioning was great, his waist was small, he didn't really look that blocky back in 2009. I mean he's had crazy conditioning, crazy legs, crazy back just that crazy, grainy density and masculinity. And I believe he was certainly deserving of that second place finish at the 2009 Mr Olympia. And keep in mind 2009 was the year that Jay Cutler came in and arguably his very best conditioning ever, his very best shape ever. Most people prefer 2009 Jay Cutler to all other versions of Jay Cutler. So to come in second to that Jay Cutler, I mean that's a very big accomplishment. And then even more impressive the following two years in 2011 and 2012 Branch Warren went back to back Arnold Classic titles. And that would be the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, the second biggest title in bodybuilding. I don't think a lot of people realize how far back Branch Warren's competitive career actually goes. He's been placing within the top 10 at the Mr Olympia since all the way back in 2005. He was first Olympia ever back in 05. He placed eighth. Then his last Olympia ever in 2015, a full decade later, he was in the top 6, placing sixth. So for me personally when we're talking about Branch Warren's best look ever, we're looking at the most condition look, the smallest waste, the least blocky. Muscular but not too muscular where he would look blocky. The vast cooler freaky, the legs are on point, the backs on point. He's not holding too much water and for me that would be a toss up between his 2009 second place finish at the Mr Olympia in the 2011 Arnold Classic. I think in 2009 he wasn't nearly as big as he was towards the end of his career. But because of that his waste was much, much smaller. I think he had a much more aesthetic looking physique about his aesthetic as Branch Warren's physique could be. So then at the 2011 Arnold Classic, I feel like his conditioning was significantly better than he looked at the 2012 Arnold Classic. And I would have this as one of his best looks because it was a significant title win. The Olympia in my opinion, I think he looked a little bit better than he looked at the Arnold, but since he didn't win the Olympia, I would have to throw the 2011 Arnold Classic win in there as one of his best looks because it was one of the biggest titles that he ever wondered his career. And he beat a pretty tough line up in the 2011 Arnold Classic. Now I was actually at that particular year's Arnold Classic in 2011. I remember being backstage watching these guys pump up. And Branch Warren was easily one of the freakyest guys that I had ever seen in person watching him pump up how crazy vascular he was getting on his pumping up. And I remember the other guys were back there, even since the Pawnee pretty big guy backstage Dennis will fit to Martinez. And Dennis will have a big guy that I've ever seen in person just from a sheer standpoint of just this tall massive frame seeing him pump up as well. It was a very impressive thing to see. But seeing Branch Warren, I mean, there was a clear difference up close and personal in the backstage area. When he was pumping up I mean he was on another level as far as conditioning and freakyness and then all these guys. I mean you guys can see the veins and stuff in these pictures and how vascular he was and how shredder he was and how condition he was. But seeing veins like that in person man, it's like, it really doesn't even look human. It just looks insane and Branch Warren, I mean he just looked crazy that year. So 2011 at the Arnold Classic or 2009 at the Mr. Olympia. In my opinion, one of those two years was Branch Warren's best looks. Let me know in the comment section below which of those two years looks you preferred. And let me know what you guys think about Branch Warren in general. I know like I said before he started to fall off a little bit towards the end of his career. That's what I wanted to make this video because he was really one of the freakyest body builders ever. I know he was a shorter guy. I know he didn't have the best form when he was working out. But when this guy came conditioned and this guy came hard and shredded. I mean this guy was one of the freakyest body builders ever man as a vascular as he was. The cross-striations and the size of his legs. I mean Branch was a beast. And I want people to remember this version of Branch Warren when they think about Branch Warren's body building career. So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.