Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Out of Power. So, Kalimvon Mowger actually put out a video yesterday on Snapchat talking about bodybuilding.com. In the video in particular, it was about bodybuilding.com using his name and his image without his permission to sell this app on the app store. So I'm going to go ahead and play Kalimvon Mowger's video for you guys here and then I'm going to give my analysis. Thanks. I've also got a bone to pick with bodybuilding.com. They're a bunch of stuages. They have released an app and they're using my face and my picture and they're selling it online and stuff. It's a workout app with a six week plan. I did with that two years ago, which was for free on their site and I'm certainly my remember it. Now they're selling it in an app that you have to sign up for and using my face as a face-to-face app. And here's the catch you sign up for your bike and then there's a bunch of other workouts that's nothing there. But I'm even more. So they're just using it to sell me to my face to sell their apps to you guys, which is not cool. I'm working trying to get that removed. But another hand, I have got my app, which is as all my workouts are taken care of the day. I've got this, I'm going to show you a screenshot of the app that bodybuilding.com selling and asking for you to sign up for a six week program that's two years old that I've done it to do. So basically, he says they never asked him for permission and I guess if they did probably wouldn't have given it to him. So I was curious about this. I went on bodybuilding.com's website. You can go to bodybuilding.com slash fun fitness apps and I'll show you all the apps that they have listed on their website. So sure enough, if you keep scrolling and scroll down, they have an app literally called building Von Mowger. So literally the app is titled with his name. So this is definitely a little bit shady here because it says right in the description, build muscle with this six week plan from three time mystery universe, Kalin Von Mowger. Now Kalin said in his video yesterday that he had no involvement with this app. He had nothing to do with putting it together. They did not have his permission to use his name or his image and he certainly not making any money or profiting from it. But as you can see, I actually went ahead and downloaded this app just to see what it was all about. And immediately upon downloading it, the first prompt on the app is to actually spend money to be able to use the app. For the small price of just $8.99 a month, you can sign up and become an all access member to all the fitness programs they have on these bodybuilding.com apps, including this building Von Mowger app. So if this is true, the way Kalin says it is and they're just using his image and using his name without asking him without his permission and without paying him, then this is certainly a pretty messed up situation because they are definitely profiting off his name and using this app. And Kalim's goal is to get this app off of the website at this point in time. It's still definitely on there. So just wanted to make you guys aware of this. If you guys are using or have this app, it's actually not designed by Kalin Von Mowger. The fitness plan in there is not Kalin Von Mowger's plan. They're pretty much ripping you off using his name and image without his approval. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about bodybuilding.com. Using Kalin Von Mowger's image against his will. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, I'm Power signing out.