Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the power. So with William Bonax recent victory at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, I think the question on a lot of people's minds is can William Bonaq win the Mr. Olympia competition in 2018? I think a big reason why people are so excited about William Bonaq winning a major show like the Arnold Classic is because it really shows a changing of the guard and bodybuilding. And people just tend to get tired of the same guy winning a show over and over and over again. And William Bonaq is a guy that hasn't won a major title like the Arnold Classic yet. He's won the Prague pro I believe. But the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio is the second biggest show in bodybuilding. And typically you have the same guys competing in placing in the top three at the Arnold Classic and or winning the Arnold Classic, Dexter Jackson, for example, five time Arnold Classic champion, Branch Warren, multiple time Arnold Classic champion. Flex Wheeler, Jake Cutler, I mean the list goes on and on. Guys tend to win these big shows that are already at the top that are already placing high at the Olympia, placing high consistently at the Arnold Classic and or winning the Arnold Classic year after year. And William Bonaq is this guy that kind of came out of nowhere really after placing third at the 2017 Olympia at a big ramen and feel heath. He's really made a giant wave in 2017 slash 2018. I mean he's really making a mark on bodybuilding from seemingly out of nowhere. Now admittedly it's pretty easy to overlook William Bonaq due to his height and admittedly I'm one of the people that overlooked him as well. I think I noticed William Bonaq for the first time at that 2016 Prague pro where he beat an amazing lineup of guys including Big Romney, Dexter Jackson, Sean Roden and Rolik Winkler. So just a very incredible lineup and he kind of came out of nowhere and beat those guys. I think at that year's Olympia he didn't beat them at the Olympia but suddenly he beat them at the Prague pro. That's where people started to take notice. So if you rewind a little bit to that 2016 Mr. Olympia, William Bonaq took fifth. So although he wasn't that call out, they weren't really comparing him as hard with one and two as they were in 2017. So I think a lot of people didn't really realize how good William Bonaq was because he tended to be overlooked because of his height until they really put him next to guys like Phil, he even bigger on me, one and two and compared them very very hard. I think at the 2016 Olympia you didn't really get to see Bonaq versus Phil so much as you saw a Bonaq versus Rami in 2016. In 2017, you had William Bonaq next to Phil Heath almost the entire time. And once you saw William Bonaq next to Phil Heath who was the best in the world, you really see that William Bonaq doesn't have that many weaknesses and he stacks up very very well next to Phil Heath and also compares very favorably to a guy like Big Rami who even has what 60 to 70 pounds of muscle on William Bonaq. So that is how good William Bonaq is. He put him next to a guy that outsizes him by miles and he still almost beats that guy. He still compares very favorably and they have him very very close with then striking distance of beating Big Rami who again, 60, 70 pounds heavier than him than they can pair him with Phil Heath who wins with perfect scores consistently the best in the world. And it's also close between him and William Bonaq as well. So could this be the year that we see a changing of the garden body building and could this kind of throw to the side? All the predictions that Big Rami is going to be the guy that the Feets Phil because that's what we've been hearing year after year, Big Rami's coming for Phil, Big Rami's coming for Phil and no one was really talking about William Bonaq. I'm included in that. I didn't really see William Bonaq as the top vet could be a Olympia title because we never really got to see those callouts. We never really got to see him compared with you know one and two. And once we did I think a lot of people said oh shit this guy, this guy's got it. So in my opinion if we see a William Bonaq like the William Bonaq that we saw when the Arnold Classic and we see a Phil Heath like we saw last year at the Olympia with a gut, you know severe abdominal issues and just comes in a little bit off with that gut. I think we're going to see a brand new Olympia champion in William Bonaq. I'm just going to go with you know the trend here and the trend so far has been that Big Rami has not delivered the goods. Big Rami is massive. He's an incredible body builder. He's a game-changing body builder in terms of his overall size. So he has never come in with that crisp clean conditioning at the Olympia when it's really crunch time and when it really matters. So I'm going to go with his past track record and say he's probably not going to bring it in 2018 and if we're going with William Bonaq's track record of kind of exceeding expectations, winning major shows, changing of the guard. I would say William Bonaq would be the favorite to win if anyone decides Phil Heath is the favorite to win. I'd say William Bonaq would be number one on that list to win the Olympia in 2018. Now what is so good about William Bonaq? Again I think a lot of people overlook him because of his height especially when you're there in person. When you're there in person and you're not watching on a screen and you're not looking at photographs and you see William Bonaq standing next to guys like you know, sediment millen. taller guys like Lionel Baiecki, Steve Kuclo, you tend your eye tends to be drawn to the other guys because they're taller and just more noticeable on stage and William Bonaq sometimes gets lost in the mix but he is so good that they have to constantly put him in that mix, put him in that top three call out, compare him to the top two guys and make sure that you see him because when you do you realize this guy is about as complete as you can possibly get. I said this before I'm sure it's sounding redundant but this guy has stacked on every possible pound of muscle onto the short frame that he does have. I think it's incredible what he's been able to do this physique again. This guy came up from the two 12 division. I'm sure a lot of people thought he wouldn't really stand a chance in the open lineup or maybe do well in the open lineup but never be a top three guy at the Olympia and he's certainly shattered that expectation which I think is amazing. So honestly if you would have asked me one year ago, can William Bonaq beat Phil Heath this year? I probably would have said no but seeing what I've seen this past year with Phil Heath coming in with the gut William Bonaq winning the Arnold Classic William Bonaq placing third at the Olympia. I would say William Bonaq has a serious, serious chance to win the Olympia. I would say it's as high as a 50 50 shot. So honestly in 2018 I'm rooting for William Bonaq to win. I'm also rooting for Big Romeo as well. I mean I want to see Big Romeo come in with that crazy Chris condition. I want to see Big Romeo come correct. I would love to see Big Romeo win the Olympia. But again if you look at the trend the pattern is going to show that Big Romeo is probably not going to deliver but again I would love to see him do so. And if William Bonaq did come in with that crazy conditioning, I would say he would probably win the Olympia instead of William Bonaq. But I think in all likelihood if anyone's going to un-crown Phil Heath this year in 2018 William Bonaq is the man to do it. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time from Power signing out.