Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video on a golden Arab body builder, a German body builder, by the name of the useup will cause. I've made a video about useup in the past, but recently I got contacted by a member of teamandro.com. You guys may be familiar with them. They're a contest coverage website. They did a very recent interview with Joseph in German. They actually spent about two hours translating the interview to English for me because they wanted me to make a video about some of the things they talked about in their interview. So before we get started with some of that stuff, I want to give you guys some background on useup will cause. He has a golden Arab body builder competing primarily in the 70s and 80s. You're going to see many, many photos of him with Arnold Schwarzenegger because he was the training partner of Arnold Schwarzenegger back in the 70s. But he competed primarily in the 80s and he was most known for his 80s, Mr. Olympia appearances. Now aside from Dennis Wolf, you could make an argument that useup will cause is the best German body builder of all time, or at least the second best, next to a guy like Dennis Wolf. When he was in the 1979 Mystery Universe competition, then going on to place top 10 at the Mr. Olympia four times, placing sixth in 1981, sixth again in 83, 10th and 82, and then coming back in 84 and moving all the way up to third place at the Mr. Olympia. Now that 84 Olympia appearance was arguably one of his best showings in body building, placing third behind the likes of a legendary Muhammad McCaway. And of course, Lee Haney won the Olympia that year, but in that lineup there were 20 other competitors, or I should say 29 other competitors, one of the deepest lineups of the 80s Olympias. You had guys like some mere Benut Bob Paris, Sergio Aliva who made his comeback, Roy Calendor Tom Plats, Bob Berz on Chris Dickerson, a former Mr. Olympia Tony Pearson boy or co Bill Grant, Robby Robinson, Charles Glass, I mean the list goes on and all those guys that I listed are guys as use of beat in 1984 legendary body builders. So the reason why a team and real reach out to me and I want to give credit to Fabian from teamandroid.com, here he's the one that reached out to me specifically, is because apparently Joseph is running into some financial troubles later. He's not doing very well. Being the legendary bodybuilder that he is, I'm truly sad to see someone like that in that kind of situation. So I'm going to include some pieces of that interview in the rest of this video here. As I mentioned before, Arnold and Joseph were training partners, Arnold Schwarzenegger that is, and in the interview, the interviewer asked Joseph about his time with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Joseph says, My time with Arnold was great. We did work out together, but we also had a lot of fun outside of the gym. Arnold once said to me, my life is like a dream and I hope it never ends. While working out, Arnold was like a locomotive. You just needed to join him. Arnold and I were great friends. Once he allowed me to live in his house for a while, and I even drove his Harley. Franco was also off in there, and we would always drink a glass of wine together. So that's something I actually did not know that him and Arnold had lived together at one point. I knew they were training partners for a very long period of time, and there's a lot of photos of them together. A lot of pretty famous golden arrow photos of them together in the gym and gold's gym Venice. Now the interviewer asked Joseph a very interesting question here towards the end of the interview he said, So Arnold versus Samir Benut versus Lee Haney, all of them at their best, who would win the Mr. Olympia? And Joseph replies, they are three great Olympia champions. I competed against both Haney and Benut back in the days. As I mentioned earlier in this video, the 1984 Mr. Olympia, he took third obviously to Lee Haney. Now I'm so it goes on to say, I would say that of those three Arnold would be the winner. He was the best poser. His twisted back poses were unique and so smooth and flexible. Also his waist was very small for his size and weight. It's important to pose the right way in the comparisons. Samir was also very good, but he would be too small in comparison to Arnold. But I would place him in front of Lee Haney because Samir was the more complete and beautiful physique. Haney had the most mass, but not a small waist. To me, he wasn't that complete, but his legs and his shoulders were brutal, all three are great body builders. So I wanted to end this video with this final question here. So the final question the interviewer asked Joseph after talking about his long and storied friendship with Arnold Schwarzenegger throughout the Golden Arab body building. He asked him, do you still have any contact with Arnold? And Joseph says, unfortunately not, but I would really love to meet him again one day. So the guys over at Team Andro really emphasized that I mentioned this in the video because what we want to do here is we want to reunite these two Golden Arab legends. We want to reunite these two Golden Arab legends. We want to reunite Joseph and Arnold. Now obviously as I mentioned before, Joseph isn't doing too well financially. He's also 70 years old, so he's getting up there in age. So who knows how long he's really going to be around. And one of his dreams is to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger again. And this is a guy that he was friends with back in the Golden Arab body building training partners, friends, they lived together, they drank together. So the hope is that someone who knows Arnold will see this video and share it with Arnold and we can get Arnold somehow in contact with Joseph Wilcoz and reunite these two. So please share this video if you know anybody that knows Arnold Schwarzenegger or if you happen to know Arnold Schwarzenegger yourself, please share this video with Arnold. And let's try to get Joseph reunited with his Golden Arab training partner. Please give this video a thumbs up, share it, comment it. Let's get this done guys. Next time from Power signing out.