Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I'm going to make a video about Hotte Choupans, 212 victory at the Portugal Pro this past weekend. Now this victory was interesting for a couple of reasons. Number one, as far as I knew, due to issues with this visa and then the travel ban that's an effect, I thought it was pretty much a done deal that Hotte Choupans was not going to be able to come to America and compete in the 2018 Olympia in Las Vegas. Last I heard there was just no way for him to be able to do it legally this year. It's not through any fault of his own, it's just because of where he's from. So I think it's kind of an interesting development here that he did in Olympia qualifier show like the Portugal Pro, which did qualify him for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So up until now, I think a lot of people didn't think we were going to see him on the Olympia stage because we've been hearing he's not going to be able to come over to the United States. But now it looks like maybe we will based on some of the comments from his coach, Honny Rambad, after the show. Now, it seems like we might see him on the Olympia stage. I don't know how, but it seems like it might be a possibility, which is exciting to a lot of people because honestly, Hotte looked incredible at this show. I mean, make no mistake about it. This guy did look amazing. This guy is a certain threat to the top six in the 212 division. This guy is a definite threat, I would say, to even the top three at the 212 Olympia. If I were flexed, it was right now. And I just found out that Hotte was competing at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. I would not be excited about it. I would not be very happy to hear that somehow Hotte is going to turn up at the Olympia. Because if Hotte turns up looking like this with this kind of conditioning, that kind of separation in the legs, that's the fullness of the waist, that upper body. I mean, this is a Hotte Japan that is just, you know, this guy is almost unstoppable if he comes in like this at the Olympia. Now, we've seen Hotte in the past that some shows where he didn't look as good and he did have a little bit of midsection distension, but this is not that same Hotte Japan. This is, you know, everybody's been saying it in their YouTube videos about this show, but I agree. I mean, this is the best Hotte Japan we've ever seen. And this close to the Olympia, I would say that's a pretty big deal. I would say we're probably going to see if he does show up to the Olympia again. I don't know how he's going to, but if he does, I would say we're probably going to see a pretty damn good version of Hotte Japan. Now, the other thing that came out of this was he defeated Nicholas Vulliod in the 2012 division to win this show. And a lot of people were saying, they still think Hotte is not able to do the Olympia. So they were saying, why would Hotte do this show and steal that qualification from someone that can go to the Olympia that is allowed to go compete and is able to actually do it. So again, to the best of my knowledge, I thought he wasn't able to do it. That's, you know, the last report that came out due to the travel ban. But it kind of appears that he is going to do it. But even if he wasn't able to, I disagree with the people that say that because Hotte is a pro-body builder. He's got to make money somehow. And if he can't go to the Olympia, he can't make money over there. So he's got to make money competing and winning shows. And to win this show, they give away $4,000 to the winner as well as the Olympia qualification. So if Hotte can't do the Olympia, do I blame him for doing an Olympia qualifier? Absolutely not because again, this isn't Hotte's fault that he can't go to the Olympia. It's due to, you know, these weird travel rules and some weird laws that Trump has put in the place. But absolutely not. I don't think anyone should be mad at Hotte for quote unquote stealing away the qualification if he can't do the Olympia from Nicholas Vulliod. I think Hotte has the right to do as many shows as he wants. And the win as many shows as he wants to make that money if he can't go to the Olympia. Again, it's not his fault. So let me know what you guys think about Hotte's pants for Zeekeer. Do you think he's actually going to turn up at the Mr. Olympia? Because we've been hearing for so long, he's just not able to come compete in the United States. And do you think when he comes the United States, he's going to be able to beat a guy like Flex Lewis. So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.