Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I've got another guest posing video for you guys. This seems to be pretty popular weekend for the pros competing in the Olympia to do these guest posings, which is really cool for the fans because it gives everybody kind of a preview of the Olympia and it gets people excited. So this particular video, this is Cedricman Millen guest posing at the Sulega Grand Prix which was this past weekend. So obviously we did see Cedric compete in June at the Toronto Pro where he didn't have the best showing his conditioning was significantly off. A lot of people made the comment on that video that he looked like he was in guest posing condition at that show. And shortly after that show Cedric actually said he just did that show to try to raise some money for his charity foundation and it wasn't really a show he was doing to win or qualify for the Olympia. He was doing it for charity. So kind of mixed reactions about that 2018 Toronto pros showing but the general consensus was regardless of why he did it, he didn't look his best. Now I've got to say from a conditioning standpoint in this video at just about seven weeks out, Cedric is looking pretty on the mark compared to a lot of the other guys but the thing got to remember was Cedric. As typically at the Mr. Olympia he does not have the best track record of coming in at 100% nailing that conditioning for the Olympia. Like he seems to be able to do at the Arnold Classic when he won that Arnold Classic back in 2017 he nailed it. His conditioning was 100% on. I'm going to if he had brought that same package to the 2017 Olympia he would have done much better than he did back in 2017. He got ninth a very disappointing showing for Cedric at that Olympia. Now I do want it to be known here that Cedric is one of my favorite body builders out of all the guys. Number one from Fazeak standpoint. He's one of the most aesthetic of the bigger guys that there is and it's posing is just beautiful. Great pose or you can't deny that. But as a person he's a great guy as well. He's one of the few body builders that I met. Before my channel was ever big this was maybe three or three years ago before my channel he had no idea who I was. So I met Cedric at the meat and greet for the Arnold Classic two or three years ago. He was one of the only guys that took time to talk to me for maybe 15 minutes. We were talking about this trophy that he had won and the way that he gave it away to his sponsors. He's talking about how he doesn't keep his trophies because trophies don't mean anything to him. It's about the experience for him and we just had this great conversation and that always stand out to me in my mind that Cedric took the time to talk to each and every single fan. He had the longest line by far at that Arnold Classic and every single fan he took time to talk to him about whatever they wanted. And when I met him that's the one question that I had for him is I had seen on social media somewhere that he had given away this big trophy that he had won. I think it was like the Kevin LeVron Classic trophy. So I asked him about that when I met him and he told me the whole story and he stood there and talked to me for a few minutes. And just overall he just seems like a really great and genuine guy and I want to see him do well. So I'm hoping this conditioning at seven weeks out is a good indicator that Cedric is going to come correct at the 2018 Olympia because I really want to see a guy like Cedric do well. I think he deserves it. I think he puts in the work, the posing, everything about him. I think he just deserves a high Olympia placing and seeing him place 9th last year. I think made a lot of people very disappointed. So far, based on this guest posing, I'm optimistic for how Cedric is going to look at the Olympia. I hope he does well. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Cedric is looking at this grand pre. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Tran from Power signing out.