All right, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's time to power. So, Sedritt McMillan, who is a bodybuilder that typically doesn't post very often on social media during the off season. Recently, posted his first contest prep update going into the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So, typically like I said, he doesn't post very often. So, this is a pretty big deal for him to show off this many poses. The front, the side, and the back. This close to the Olympia. Again, at this point we're about three months out from the Mr. Olympia competition. And the last time we saw Sedritt was unfortunately at his disappointing appearance at the 2018 Toronto Pro just a matter of weeks ago. So, of course, the obvious question here was Sedritt, is how is he going to look at the Olympia? Because based on what we saw in Toronto, he did not look very good. He was actually a very disappointing version of Sedritt McMillan. And that's coming from me who's a pretty big fan of Sedritt. I think he's one of the better guys. In the men's open line up, he's certainly one of the more aesthetic guys. Although recently he has been struggling with his midsection a little bit. Now, a lot of people would call it a bubble gut. I would certainly not go as far as to say he has a bubble gut because I don't think he does it all. I think it's really just an issue of getting the midsection condition and holding water in that midsection, which typically tends to be a problem place for Sedritt in terms of when he doesn't come in 100%. The water typically hangs around for him in his abs. And I think that's pretty apparent in these progress pictures here. Because if you look at Sedritt, really everything is dialed in on him in these offseason pictures. Except for his midsection, really, the midsection to me is the only thing that really jumps out as potentially cloudy. That, in the lower back a little bit, I would say would be my two criticisms from a conditioning standpoint of these pictures. But overall he looks good. He looks like Sedritt. And again, the question here is how Sedritt is going to look at the Mr. Olympia. And I think Sedritt knows that as the question after Toronto. And that's why Sedritt posted this, I believe. I think Sedritt is confident in where he's at 12 weeks out from the Olympia. He knows he looks good 12 weeks out from the Olympia. So I'm sure he posted this to shut people up that are criticizing his appearance in Toronto for the lack of conditioning. He's letting people know, here we are, three months out of the Olympia. And I'm already looking damn good. So I think that's why he posted this picture. And I think he does look very good for 12 weeks out of the Mr. Olympia. But only time will tell over the next 12 weeks how that conditioning pans out when it comes to the actual day of the show. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Sedritt is going to do well at this year's Mr. Olympia? And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.