Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nickstime Apparach. I thought an interesting topic for a video would be Regan Grimes versus Chris Bumstead. Now the reason this is a good topic for a video is obviously Regan Grimes at the 2018 New York Pro jumped in the classic physique division at the last minute and won the classic physique show. So the obvious next question here is if Regan Grimes competes at the Olympia in the classic physique division, how will he do against the guy like Chris Bumstead who was second at the Olympia last year? I mean again a guy like Breon Ainsley who was first at the Olympia last year. Well the interesting thing here is this would not be the first time that Regan Grimes and Chris Bumstead went head to head. Back in 2015 before either Chris or Regan had turned pro. Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes competed against each other in bodybuilding. And this was at the CBFF 2015 Canadian Nationals Bodybuilding Championships. Now obviously the results of this show are going to be a little bit different than what we're going to see at the Olympia because again the Olympia is classic physique and this was a bodybuilding competition. And of course both of these guys were much younger in their physique now are much more developed than they were back then. But from a structure standpoint you can kind of get a feel from these photos on how Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes will look against each other on a classic physique stage. I just don't think a lot of people realize that they had actually gotten head to head before, especially since Regan Grimes had been successful in men's open bodybuilding after he turned pro. And Chris Bumstead was going to classic physique after he turned pro. So no one had really ever thought about this comparison again until now when Regan Grimes is now threat to the classic physique Olympia. But the interesting thing here is even though Regan Grimes became a much bigger bodybuilder than Chris Bumstead competing in the open, Chris Bumstead actually beat Regan Grimes back in 2015. Now it was a somewhat close decision but Chris Bumstead actually beat him pretty decisively with a score of six and Regan Grimes having a score of nine. Now obviously the bodybuilder with the lower score is the winner because the score is based on how many judges vote for you to be in first place. So you add up all those number one votes as where your score comes from. So three points is a pretty good margin from first to second. So a pretty decisive win by Chris Bumstead. Now again even though these are younger versions of Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes in different versions of their physique obviously both these guys have improved tremendously since then. I think some of the standout points here in this comparison are going to be Chris Bumstead's legs and Chris Bumstead's lats versus Regan Grimes. I think Chris Bumstead even now in classic physique still might have better legs and Regan Grimes and still might have wider lats and a denser back than Regan Grimes. But of course his number one weak point Chris Bumstead is going to be his arms and Regan Grimes actually has pretty good you know biceps. And obviously that's one of the points where we've seen Chris Bumstead lacking is that bicep peak. Although recently in some of the offseason posing videos that we've seen of Bumstead he looks like he's improved his arms tremendously in the offseason. So we don't know how he's going to do. But I think when you see Regan Grimes go up on that Olympia stage a lot of people might think it's going to be an easy win for Regan because he's coming from the men's open division. I actually think Regan is going to have his hands full with a guy like Chris Bumstead even more so than he would a guy like Breon. I think when you see Chris and him go head to head on the classic stage it's going to be a tough battle for Regan to beat a guy like Chris. So I don't think it's going to be an easy win for him by any means. Now I think again if we look back to the 2015 Canadian national I think the number one deciding factor was probably conditioning. I mean Chris Bumstead looked to be significantly more conditioned than Regan at that show. But also from a structure standpoint I kind of prefer Chris Bumstead's structure to Regans. But let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. If Regan competes in the classic physique Olympia, do you think he can or do you think he will beat Chris Bumstead? So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.