Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So recently Chris Bumsted, the second place finisher at the 2017 Classic Psega Limpia, posted a guest posing video from this past weekend through at Obbiad Bodybuilding Show. And this is what I want to talk about in this video, is how good of shape these classic physique guys stay in year round in comparison to perhaps a Pittsburgh pro men's open body but are guest posing where you see these guys. Again, it is the off season. Bc these guys significantly holding water and fat and their physique look incredibly different than they look when they're actually in competitive shape. But the thing that we're starting to see with these classic physique guys is having a weight limit and having to be a more down-sized physique. These guys typically don't get fat at all in the off season. And this is something that I've been seeing for a long time now with Breon Ainsley. Ever since the Olympia he's been doing all kinds of guest posings, he also did the Arnold Classic and won that. But every guest posing that Breon Ainsley goes to, he almost doesn't even look like he's in the off season. He looks like he could step on stage after dieting for like a week. But I've got to say man, I am extremely impressed with Chris Bumsted in particular because looking at this video him honestly, he looks like he could step on stage tomorrow. If he just dropped water overnight he could step on stage tomorrow. I mean this guy looks incredible and keep in mind he's about eight months into his off season. He is deep in the off season. The Olympia was what eight months ago now already. I mean people say classic physique is easier than body building this says not as hard. But to me it takes a real professional and a really strict discipline person to stay in this good of shape year round. Especially a guy as young as Chris Bumsted. I believe he's a couple years younger than me. I'm 25. I think he's like 22 or 23. So it's really cool to see a guy like this treat the sport so professionally. I'm going to stay in that good of shape year round and stay on his diet and stay disciplined. And that's one of the aspects that I think classic physique is a little bit superior to men's open body building from a health standpoint. As you're not going to see a classic physique guy like Chris Bumsted like Breon Ainsley you know try to pack on 50 pounds of size in the off season and have to cut down and drop 40 pounds or 45 pounds and only put on five pounds of stage weight. These guys have a weight limit to me so it's not really a whole lot of room to put your body through that crazy roller coaster up and down of gaining weight and losing weight. They're really trying to stay in shape year round and cut the minimum amount of weight possible to get to that weight category. And this is also why I think it's kind of a big deal when you have a classic physique guy come in with off conditioning like we saw a Steve Lourier at the Pittsburgh pro. Then we saw again with Steve Lourier at the 2012 division at the New York pro because these classic physique guys I think conditioning is a major portion of what they're doing. I think you know they're downsized guys. So because they don't have that extra 20 30 40 pounds of muscle I think the expectation in the bar is set a little bit higher for them in terms of conditioning. It's like okay we know you guys don't have to go through that crazy of a cut down in the off season. So we expect you guys to come correct when you do compete and that conditioning better be flawless. And I'm a huge fan of Breon Ainsley but I got to say man he better watch out because based on what I'm seeing Chris Bumsted is coming for that Olympia title and he's going to be a tough guy to beat for all of these classic physique guys. Regardless of whether it's Breon, Arochra Bar, Wesley Vissers, Steve Lourier all those guys need to watch out because I think you know Chris Bumsted is one of the best classic physique guys in the world and he proved that by placing second at the Olympia. But I think he is like the number one guy to look out for at the 2018 Olympia. This guy is going to be dominant. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink from Power, signing out.