Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So this past weekend, you may have seen on Instagram, there were a couple clips and pictures of bringing on actually training with Chris Bumstead at Golds Gym Venice. Now this is kind of a fascinating rare treat for classic physique fans because obviously Chris Bumstead was number two at the Olympic last year and Breonna was number one and a lot of people including myself are expecting Chris Bumstead to take that title this year. So this particular clip that I have right here was sent to me by a fan. They said they wanted to remain anonymous, so I'm not going to give them a shout out here, but the main thing I noticed about this video is that Chris Bumstead seems significantly bigger and more muscular than Breonna Anzley. Now I know there's heightened weight restrictions in classic physique, but I don't remember it being that big of a discrepancy between Breonna and Bumstead on the Olympic a stage last year. So that tells me, I think Bumstead has put on some quality size this year. You know honestly, I don't think he's going to have any trouble making that weight category because we've seen the guest posing videos so far of Bumstead and he looks amazing. I mean his conditionings already dialed in, his conditionings dialed in like back at 11 weeks out. So I don't think Bumstead looks bigger because we're going to see out of shape Bumstead or you know, not good version of Chris Bumstead. I think he's really bringing it this year and I think he's really pushing Breonna. And I think we got to solve chance of seeing a new Mr. Olympia champion in 2018 in the classic physique division. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Chris Bumstead and Breonna Anzley training together in the apparent size difference. Now what I've seen and been told is that Breonna only weighs 180 pounds right now at seven weeks out from the Olympia. So I'm kind of interested to see over the next seven weeks, you know, how much weight Breonna really loses and what his stage weight is actually going to be? 170 175. So only time will tell but we will see in September. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.