Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So a little bit of an interesting update for you guys today regarding classic physique, specifically Chris Bumstedt. So recently Chris Bumstedt did a guest pose and with Flex Lewis and Zain Watson, both of whom are two 12 body builders. And obviously he looked very impressive for an offseason guy at that guest pose. And that's what a lot of people were talking about when they saw the pictures and videos from that particular appearance. Now obviously because Flex and Zain are both to 12 guys, they're obviously going to be significantly shorter than Chris Bumstedt because that's really what the 212 division is. So in that lineup of course Chris Bumstedt looks like the biggest guy because he is the tallest. And the eyes are going to be drawn to him naturally. But the main takeaway from that specific guest posing is how good his conditioning is. I think he's still over 12 weeks out from the Olympia. We've still got like three months to go until the Olympia. So he looks very impressive for a guy that's not even really close to the Olympia yet. But in addition to that earlier today, actually only an hour ago, Chris Bumstedt posted a posing video where he's going through the classic poses. And honestly within that first hour of him posting that video, I've gotten more messages of people sending me that video and asking me my opinion and asking me to make a video about it. Then really any other post in that short of an amount of time. I mean the reason why is because it appears that he's made significant improvements to his physique in this particular video. Now in particular his arms. Chris Bumstedt's arms have kind of historically been a weak point for him. But in this video it looks like he's brought them up significantly. Specifically the peaks of his biceps in the past obviously his bicep peaks aren't the strongest point. You can tell in this video they have you know certainly grown. Now I wouldn't say that his arms are ever really going to be a strong point for him, especially his biceps. But I would say at this point you could no longer say that they're really a weakness for him because they really don't look bad at all anymore. I don't think that ever going to look great is just the way that his peaks are inserted. But he has made a tremendous amount of improvement to him. Now that being said, I also want to talk about how crazy his front lats spread looks in this video. Now I've said this many times before the front lats spread is one of the things that makes classic physique physique physique. If you can't hit a crazy front lats spread where he super you know emphasize your v-taper. You really don't have what it takes to be in classic physique. Classic physique is heavily dependent on you know having those wide lats there's flaring lats that are going to emphasize that v-taper. Emphasize the smallness of your waist and give you that more classic illusion. I've said this before I think Chris Bumstedt has one of the best front lats spreads in the game. Regardless of open body building classic whatever his front last spread is just incredible. And again I just want to mention how good his conditioning is for being you know over 12 weeks out from the mistrolempia. I think certainly Chris Bumstedt is going to be a guy that, Breon and these other top guys are going to have to be worrying about for you know a definite threat to that Olympia title in 2018. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Chris Bumstedt is looking about 12 weeks out. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to empower signing out. Thank you.