Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I wanted to talk about classic physique 2018 in this video. I think 2018 is going to be one of the most exciting years for classic physique. I mean, there's so much interest being garnered in classic physique right now. I mean, the Pittsburgh Pro a couple weeks ago, there's a ton of interest, a ton of controversy. Steve Loury is one beating divine little in a second and a lot of people felt that the divine should have beat Steve Loury isn't that Steve Loury was an artist best, but in either case, there was a ton of interest in that classic physique category generated by that controversy. And then of course most recently, yet the New York Pro, which was a very fascinating classic physique competition where you had Reagan Grimes, a former men's open bodybuilder, when his first ever classic physique show, which he jumped in at the very last minute and no one really knew about. So now you have a brand new classic physique possible top threat to the classic physique Olympia. And then of course you have Wesley Visters. He's kind of a social media sensation right now. I mean, he's got a YouTube channel called Vincent's Genetics. He won my 2017 Mr. Goldener competition. He just earned his pro card in classic physique in 2018. And as Pro Day view is actually going to be in July at the Chicago Pro. So we're going to see firsthand how he's going to do in a pro lineup in the IFBB against other top level pros at a major pro show. We're kind of going to get a foreshadowing of how he's going to look at the Mr. Olympia competition. And if he's really as good as I think he is, and as a lot of other people think he is as well. And then of course you have Breon Ainsley and Chris Bumstead. I mean, these are two guys. One and two at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. Chris Bumstead, a very young guy, a couple of years younger than me actually. And he seems to be doing nothing but improving and impressing the hell out of me because honestly, Chris Bumstead, that guest posing video that he posted a couple days ago for a guest posing and an offseason guy who is deep in the offseason by the way. He's about eight months into his offseason and he looks like he could step on stage tomorrow. Now, Chris Bumstead just never ceases to impress me. I think this is a guy, man. He's going to be a top threat to the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So I think a lot of people are going to be watching just for that aspect alone just to see if Chris Bumstead can take the title. He's got a lot of fans. There's a lot of people that think he should have won last year. Then of course you got a lot of fans for Breon and a lot of people who think Breon deserved the win last year. So that's going to be a good head-to-head rivalry right there to see that again. But you also have these wild cards in the mix. You got Steve Lourous. Now some people might think I don't like Steve Lourous because a little bit hard on him at the Pittsburgh Pro. I said his conditioning wasn't good, which I honestly believe it wasn't. And I said you could have made an argument for divine wheels and beating him, which I honestly believe you could. I don't think Steve Lourous came in at his best at the Pittsburgh Pro. I think on Instagram and pictures and videos with filters and perfect lighting, he looks like the next Mr. Olympia. He certainly does. There's no argument about it. But it's a different story when he gets on stage and he doesn't look as good as he looked on Instagram. It's kind of disappointing. I mean, for that reason, I was a little bit hard on him. I think he could have looked better. I think a lot of people would agree with me on that statement. Then I think Steve Lourous made what I think was kind of a big mistake. He competed in the 2012 division at the New York Pro and he placed 14th at that show. So not even in the top 10, but 14th, which was two places away from placing dead last. So I think he would have been much better off just guess posing at that show or just not competing or not stepping on stage at all. Because he had tremendous momentum. After winning that Pittsburgh Pro, he had tremendous hype. Everybody was talking about him. He just wanted to pro debut. Major pro show. Then he goes and does the New York pro and has a very, very disappointing showing. Now I'm not saying that they hate on the guy. I honestly feel his conditioning was very off. It looks like he tried to carb up to compete from a size standpoint with some of these two 12 guys. And the carving up really just resulted in a watery, blurry, not very well conditioned look for Steve. However, that being said, I think when Steve dials it in with the structure that Steve has, the shape that Steve has, the lines that Steve has. The waist that Steve has. If he can nail that conditioning, get a little bit more comfortable on stage. Again, the Pittsburgh Pro was his first pro show ever. So I'm not knocking the guy on that. But he didn't seem to be very enthusiastic. He didn't seem to be very comfortable on stage. His posing was a little bit off. His conditioning was off. But with the genetics that he has and the physique structure that he has, if he can nail all of those things, this guy is undoubtedly a threat to the Mr. Olympia top six in classic physique. And undoubtedly in my mind, a threat to that title. But again, that's with the caveat that he is able to nail those things. We don't know that yet. He could be another big ramen. A guy that has all this social media hype. He looks great on Instagram. He looks freaky on Instagram. He looks like the next Mr. Olympia on Instagram. He just looks unbeatable. But then he gets on stage and it's kind of a different story. So hopefully that's not the case with Steve Loury's. And we see incredible things from him in the future. And I really do wish him the best. And then you have the wild card of Regan Grimes. This is guy we have no idea how he's going to do at the Olympia. This was a guy that was a high level men's open body building competitor that made a last minute decision to drop down to classic physique. So once this guy really gets a feel for classic physique and really gets himself to a comfortable point in the offseason where it's not too hard for him to make weight in classic physique. I think we're going to see a whole new side of Regan Grimes where he can perfect this physique to a point where he can really shine in classic physique. I mean, this was kind of an unpolished, unpracticed version of Regan Grimes competing in classic. So we don't know how he's going to look. If he focuses only on classic. I mean, for all we know, he was prepping for men's open body building at the New York pro. He wasn't really preparing for classic. So how good will Regan Grimes look with his great structure, his great genetics when he actually focuses on building a physique for the classic division. We could see an incredible Regan Grimes that could potentially be a top six or even Mr. Olympia winner. I think that is certainly a possibility from Regan. And then you have the other wild card here of Wesley Visitors. We're going to see firsthand how he does at the Chicago pro and maybe he blows the competition away. And now we got another guy that could be a tremendous threat to the Mr. Olympia. I think honestly, if Wesley is able to bring up his legs and bring up his back a little bit, Wesley is going to be a crazy guy to compete against in the classic physique division. So I really want to see this division do well. I really want to see it succeed. I really want to see these promoters give more prize money to this division because right now what I'm seeing in the comment section, what I'm seeing on social media, what I'm seeing in terms of views and numbers is classic physique is taking off. It is insanely popular. And I think right now the prize money is just not reflective of that at all. I believe Breon Ainsley, who won the 2018 Arnold Classic Classic physique division, only got five grand for winning the second biggest classic physique pro show in the world. So I really want to use this channel as a vehicle to promote classic physique, generate hype and interest for classic physique and showcase these guys that I think have tremendous talent, tremendous physique. I think it's really starting to scare a lot of the men's open guys. You've seen remarks from guys like Phil Heath, calling them weekend warriors and other people have shared a similar sentiment. And I think honestly, they're just feeling a little bit threatened because their division might be a clip in popularity by classic physique because it is becoming so popular. So if you guys support classic physique and you want to see it do well, please make sure you give this video a thumbs up, make sure you share this video with your friends. Let's try to get all the fans of bodybuilding kind of on board with this classic physique movement because I really want to see this division do well. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please leave a comment and a like. Nick Strengthen Power, signing out.