All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's front in Paris. I want to talk about the results of the 2018 Dallas Europa, specifically the 2012 division. There was no open body building division at the 2018 Dallas Europa. So we're going to specifically talk about the 2012 competitors and the results. Now specifically, I think the main surprise of this Dallas Europa show would be Cody Montgomery's placing in this show. Now Cody Montgomery is a guy that dropped down from men's open body building to compete in 2012. And as 2012, they view as at the Toronto Pro a couple weeks ago where he went head to head against Zain Watson, who ended up winning the show and Cody Montgomery took second. So that was not a bad show for Cody Montgomery. For his pro debut in a brand new division that he never competed in before, I think second place was not too shabby at a pro show. But that's what I want to talk about in this video here, just a couple weeks later, Cody Montgomery moves down from second place all the way down to 12th place in this Dallas Europa lineup, arguably a less competitive lineup than the Toronto Pro. So the real question here is what happened to Cody Montgomery? How did his physique change to such an extent in a couple of weeks that he would drop 10 play things? I mean, honestly, I think Cody has a very good physique. I think he's got very good lines. I think, you know, at Toronto, his conditioning was pretty good, but this show, I think the conditioning certainly slack a little bit. And for me, that's got to be honestly, it could only be one of the only things that could have changed in two weeks. We'll just be the level of conditioning. I don't think he looked horrible here. I think his conditioning just slipped. I actually think he does have a pretty decent structure for division like the two 12. I mean, Cody isn't the tallest guy, but he's also not the biggest guy in two 12s. I think that works against him as well. He just doesn't have the same muscle mass as some of these other two 12 competitors. I think this may have been a case of, you know, Cody wasn't planning on doing this show at all. And he was planning on winning in Toronto. And he won in Toronto. He would have qualified for the Olympia. But since he took second, he didn't get that Olympia qualification. So maybe he had the jump in this show at the last minute, a completely unplanned show to try to get that Olympia qualification or something he wasn't planning on doing. That's the only thing in my mind that I can really figure on that would make his conditioning that much significantly worse. I mean, maybe after Toronto, he took a break. He had his cheat meals. And then he thought about it and he realized he wanted to qualify for the Olympia. He had to do another show. And I'm going to pick this show kind of randomly. Whatever the reason for the placing, I think it is kind of a very big deal to Cody Montgomery. I mean, this could be something where Cody even considers no longer doing to 12. I mean, that's got to be a giant slap in the face to get a 12 place placing after placing second, where you know, in Toronto, you know he thought he should have won that show. So dropping that many placing has got to be a severe, you know, confidence, destroyer to the point where he might even consider no longer doing this to 12. Because I mean, what's the point if you're not going to go in and dominate, which I'm sure he thought he would. But I mean, dropping down from men's open, I'm sure he thought he was going to be one of the bigger guys in the class, one of the better guys in the class. And not have too many problems doing well in to 12. I think, you know, a 12 place placing. Honestly, you know, one of the smaller and less important pro shows. I mean, no hate on the Europa. I mean, but this is no Arnold class. This is no New York pro. This is no Toronto pro. This is no Olympia. This is one of the smaller shows. There's not even a men's open body building class. And to take 12 here, I think is a major setback for Cody Montgomery. And I want to briefly mention here the guy that won. So his name was Ali Hondrow Cabernero. And this guy had an insane physique man. It's a physique unlike any other that I've ever seen. I mean, the V tape for this guy had the flaring latch from the front. The smallness of his waist. I mean, it almost doesn't even look real. I mean, this guy has an insane V tape or two of his physique, especially from the front. It's just crazy. And for me, this guy came out of nowhere. I had never heard of the guy. Maybe something you guys have heard of him. But I personally had never heard of him. So he came out of nowhere and won the show. Also, in some of those top spots, we had Craig Richardson taking second Jacob Wilson, who you might remember from the indie pro taking third. And you also have Sylvia Samuel, who you might remember from the indie pro taking that fourth place spot. John, Jewett and fifth and Bola, O. Jax and sixth. So again, a lot of those names in the top six might not even be familiar to your guys. And that just goes to show. It wasn't that big of a two-twelfth show. There weren't that many big names at this show. So it kind of sucks for Cody. So let me know what you guys think about how Cody Montgomery looked at this 2018 Dallas Europa. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Thanks for having a power signing out.