All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So this weekend is the Toronto Pro Super Show Bodybuilding Competition. And right now, pre-judging is going on for all the divisions. So far, men's open bodybuilding has not yet gone on stage. But we have seen the pre-judging for the 212 Bodybuilding Division. And the surprise of this show was actually Cody Montgomery. I'm actually made his protebute as a men's open bodybuilder. Then we hadn't really seen him for a while since he competed in the Arnold Classic back a couple of years ago now. I think it was 2016. And now he's come back at this Toronto Pro and made a new debut as a 212 Bodybuilder. And I got to say he honestly does look incredible. So in this call-out right here, clearly the top 2 is going to be between Zayne Watson, who was on the right hand side of the stage. And Cody Montgomery, who was on the left hand side of the stage. And I think Cody Montgomery actually looks phenomenal as a 212 competitor. A lot of people thought he shouldn't drop down. A lot of people said he should try to put on the size and stay in men's open bodybuilding. Personally, I think 212 was actually a very good fit for him. I thought he said something about doing classic physique. But I guess he's not going to do that. I think 212 was probably a better fit for Cody because honestly, the conditioning that he has and the amount of muscle that he has, I think, looks to be about just right for that 212 division. And this is really saying something because Zayne Watson, who is next to him in this comparison, is one of the most conditioned guys that I've seen in the 212 in a while. So Zayne Watson is incredibly conditioned. But Cody Montgomery by comparison, I think almost looks even more conditioned than Zayne Watson in his 212 debut. So I think this is going to be an incredible showing from Cody. Honestly, I'm a big fan of Zayne Watson, but looking at this comparison, I would actually have Cody winning this 212 division versus Zayne Watson. I think he has a slightly better structure and emphasis on slightly than Zayne Watson. And I think his conditioning has lines. Everything just looked to be a tad bit sharper than Zayne. So if I were judging the show, I would have Cody Montgomery actually winning this 212 division. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Cody Montgomery's 212 debut at the 2018 Toronto Pro. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make sure you stay tuned throughout the day because we are still awaiting the men's open pre-judging and of course the finals later tonight. I mean in that division, you've got Antoine Vyant making his comeback. You've got Cedric McMillan. You've got Juan Morell. I think you have Nathan De Asheb, but we will see. And of course you have Rafael Brando, a team Williams. And a lot of other big name guys and Cedric McMillan was a last minute entry in this show. So it's going to be very interesting to see if he can pull off a win with this last minute entry. So make sure you guys stay tuned for the rest of the day. Give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, a power signing out.