Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So in this video I wanted to address the topic of body building today, modern body building, is the standard for conditioning starting to slip. And for some of my international fans, I get this question a lot. What this conditioning mean, conditioning is how lean the body builder is, how ripped or shredded, how visible their lines and cuts are in their muscle, how much or how little body fat they have or water they have, mostly just how sharp and shredded they look as what conditioning means. And recently from 2017 to 2018, there's been a lot of controversy regarding the level of conditioning, especially if some of the winners of some major body building shows. In particular, it kind of started with the 2017 Mr. Olympia. A lot of people were upset about the fact that Phil Heath won that show, having a gut and being significantly off for Phil Heath, his conditioning wasn't as good as it usually is. I mean, his midsection obviously, watery, bloated and had a very visible gut on stage. So that kind of began the, you know, the really scrutiny on the conditioning of the body builders and in modern times. And then recently, this 2018 body building season, this is basically the Olympia qualification series where all the pro shows are pretty much every week of body builders trying to win a show or get enough points to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. Obviously, the biggest of which was the New York pro a couple weeks ago. I mean, the focus of a lot of people's criticism was the conditioning of all the guys. And the New York pro line up saying they were all pretty much lacking in conditioning. I'll be it. I think the lighting definitely played a factor in these guys looking off. But you had guys in the top six of that show, not to call anybody out or single anybody out maliciously, but John Delorosa, placing fifth at the New York pro, arguably the third biggest show in body building. And John Delorosa to me looked like he was in offseason condition. I mean, his conditioning was, it was pretty bad. I mean, he had the guys at one, one Morelle Nathan De Asha while their conditioning wasn't bad. There were some good points brought up comparing the night of champions, which used to be the New York pro back in the 90s, the conditioning level of the winners of the show back then compared to the conditioning now. And it's certainly night and day. I mean, these guys weren't nearly as condition as the guys were back in the day. I mean, it was certainly noticeable. There was a little bit of blurringness to their physique, a little bit of water. I'm just kind of a film, if you will, of a lack of conditioning on some of these guys in the top six. And then, of course, a couple weeks prior to that, you had the Pittsburgh pro. And the Pittsburgh pro, they didn't have men's open body building, but they did have classic physique. And you had the winner of that show, Steve Lourius, aka Mr. Prophe, controversially winning that show, because his conditioning was noticeably off in the guy that took second, divine Wilson, his conditioning was considerably better in my opinion, in the opinion of many body building fans, to Steve Lourius. I mean, Steve Lourius looked flat, he's his conditioning. He just kind of had that same blurry film of water on him, where he just didn't look sharp. And then again, Steve Lourius would come back to the New York pro a week or so later, and competing the two 12 divisioners, conditioning was just way off. I mean, way off the mark. And this is a guy that a lot of people regarding as, you know, the savior of classic physique, this guy's going to be the next classic physique, Mr. Olympia. And he comes into this two 12 show, looking, you know, worse than offseason conditions. And then of course, you had the Cali pro a couple weeks after the New York pro, Nathan DeAchul would win that as well as the New York pro. And I don't think the conditioning at the Cali pro was as bad as the New York pro. I think a lot of these guys really came in top shape, Raphael Brande, Nathan DeAchul. Sosso Roddy, all the guys in the top three and top six, they really came correct in my opinion that the Cali pro wasn't so much an issue of conditioning. But then fast forward to this past weekend, the Toronto pro. We're a sedimentary millen who is a perennial fan favorite. I mean, who doesn't love Cedric, when Cedric comes in 100%. I mean, this guy's one of the best body builders of all time. Classic physique, still got a crazy amount of muscle, nice V-taper, small ways, great symmetry, great proportion, all around great bodybuilder. But he came into this Toronto pro looking like he was in offseason condition. I mean, I hate to say it. I love Cedric just as much of the next guy. But Cedric looked like he had barely prepared at all for this Toronto pro and he came in a very disappointing conditioning. A lot of people thought he was going to win the show and clearly he did not. So again, the question really is why are these guys not coming in condition? And has the standard for conditioning dropped and is that the reason why they're not trying as hard to be conditioned? Do they know or do they think the judges are looking mostly at size and muscularity. And conditioning is kind of an afterthought to that. So the goal is to come in big and full and then if they happen to be conditioned, that's great. Is that the reason why these guys are coming in off at a lot of these shows? And that seems to be the case. Because a lot of these shows, they're rewarding guys that are coming in off. But they're coming in big and full and they still place well. Now, in Cedric's case, that obviously did not happen because the judges are used to seeing a much better Cedric. They've seen an Arnold Classic winning Cedric. They've seen a top Olympian Cedric. So in Cedric comes in off, he doesn't get rewarded. But bigger guys, an example here would be big ramen. I mean, big ramen is a guy that he's got such freaky size. But he almost never never comes in with crazy conditioning. Almost never. Especially at the Olympia. Honestly, I think in 2017, I don't know if big ramen deserved that second place finish. I think William Bonac could have beat him at the Olympia because, you know, big ramen is conditioning just wasn't that great. It's never really that great. But again, I think he got rewarded with that second place spot because he did have that size. He did have that fullness. He just did have that crazy overall muscularity that the judges seem to be rewarding. So this is why guys like me and a lot of fans of the sport seem to really love this classic physique division because the emphasis seems to be mostly on conditioning. These guys are weight restricted by how tall they are. And the goal of that weight restriction is to prevent these guys from getting too big to where they can't come in with condition. These guys almost have to come in condition because they struggle to make these weight limits. So when people get all excited about classic physique and people will rag on it and say, you know, we want to see the big mass monsters, we want to see the freaks. This is why we're getting excited about it because I think it's honestly going to bring about a change in the sport. This weight restriction again is almost requiring guys to come in crazy condition. And then if you combine that with the idea of classic poses, classic presentation, symmetry, focus on conditioning and shape and structure. And basically throwing the idea of who's the most muscular guy out of the window. It's basically who is the most well-presented guy. Who's the most conditioned guy. Who has the best flow lines and structure of their physique. And that's what bodybuilding really was in the 70s and 80s. There were no real mass monsters back then. And that's why a lot of people say that Dorian Yates ushered in the era of the mass monster because he was really one of the first guys to have that type of physique. Before that, it was about aesthetics and posing and presentation. And that's why you had a smaller guy like Frank Xing and win three Olympias against guys that were much bigger than him. So conditioning and bodybuilding, I think the standard has fallen. I think a lot of guys now are coming in looking almost offseason. Some of these guys that make these appearances, I would say they would have, you know, they should have just guessed pose at the show. They shouldn't have even competed or stepped on stage looking how they looked. And I know that might sound harsh. But I think it does so much worse for their career, for their reputation. To go on stage looking like that, then they just not go on stage at all. Is it really worth that top six placing if you look, you know, like garbage? Again, I'll go back to this devlorious example. There was absolutely no reason from the even competing at 212 division. I don't know why he did it. He didn't look good. He came in 14th place out of 16 guys I believe. So almost dead last. Absolutely no reason from the even compete. It did nothing but hurt his career. He could have skipped that show. And he could have been riding high on that Pittsburgh pro win all the way to the Olympia and no one would have batted an eye. No one needed him to compete at that New York pro. He didn't need to do it. But he did it anyway. And I think it definitely hurt his public perception. Now, Senator Macmillan again, I think is another example of this. I believe Senator because already qualified for the Mr. Olympia. He does not need to compete or win a pro show to qualify for the 2018 Olympia. So he could have skipped this show, never done it. And no one would have, you know, no one would have batted an eye. But now he's done it. And he's shown that his conditioning was very lacking. I think that hurts his, you know, momentum going into the Mr. Olympia. I think a lot of fans are going to write him off now. So it did nothing but bad for his perception. And a lot of people will comment my videos and say, Nick, you're always really hard on big Romney. It doesn't seem like you're a fan. Of course, I'm a fan of big Romney. I mean, he's one of the biggest body builders of all time. Most impressive from a muscle mass standpoint. But I'm not going to sit here. I'm in praise, big Romney. When he comes in with conditioning, that's just subpar. He, you can't come in and just expect to be the biggest guy and win just because you're the biggest guy. So when big Romney comes in with crazy conditioning at the Olympia and he deserves to win, then I'll praise big Romney. But if big Romney continues to come in flat, continues to come in watery, continues to come in soft. I'm not going to say, wow, big Romney's incredible. He deserves to win because we already know big Romney's big. He's genetically big. He's going to be big. He's always going to come in big. That's not a problem for big Romney. The challenge for big Romney is the common condition. So when he does that, that's what all praise big Romney. Big Romney keeps coming in just big, but not conditioned. Why would I praise big Romney for that big Romney always comes in big? So do you see what I'm saying here? I'm certainly not a hater, big Romney. I think he's got a crazy physique that I'm not going to, you know, write as dick. So I just wanted to kind of address the conditioning thing in a video because I do see that comment from time to time when you're talking about a bigger body builder. That's known for being a bigger body builder and they always come in big. People always get a couple comments here and there. Oh, why do you hate this guy? Why are you hating on this guy? And that's the logic behind is because this guy, it's easy for him to come in big. Whether it be big Romney, a king Williams. Even Ronnie Coleman towards the end of his career out as last couple of limpias that he didn't win, he still came in huge. I mean, he came in really big, but the conditioning is what let him down. So my mentality is never praise a big body builder just for coming in big because it's a, their pro body builders. There, you know, they're going to have crazy muscle master going to come in big. The challenges can these guys come in conditioned and lately it seems like a lot of them are struggling with that. So I think if a lot of people turn their focus towards classic physique and say, okay, this is the new standard and a lot of people stop saying, in praising these guys for being big, they're going to realize, you know, conditioning is the most important thing and I'm not going to be able to be the way which is coming in big because people don't care about that anymore. I'm so that's the main point that I want to stress is I think the mentality is shifting for a lot of reasons. Number one, I think is health. I think a lot of these guys are looking for a healthier way to be pro body builders and classic physique offers that option. You can, you don't have to get his big. It's not going to put as much stress on your body. You don't have to take as many or as much drugs, eat as much food. Train this heavy, put as much stress on your body as an open body builder that weighs, you know, 300 plus pounds in the off season. Then you've got to cut down a tremendous amount of weight. These guys in classic, they mostly walk around year round at a pretty lean body weight because they have to make this weight class. So there's no crazy fluctuation with these classic physique guys like there are men's open body builders. You see some of these guys, big ramen included, getting up to weights like 350 pounds in the off season, then they have to shed 50 pounds to make it to the stage. So not only are they carrying this crazy amount of body weight, then they have to go back down and lose a crazy amount of body weight. Then for the next off season, they'll do the same thing and walk back up. And this roller coaster of up and down weight is horrible for the body. So number one, I think the mentality is shifting because of health. Classic physique is the clearly healthier option. And number two, it's the bigger guys that tend to have these severe health problems in die. I mean, look at Dallas Macarver, one of the biggest body builders of this generation, 300 plus pound guy in the off season. I think he was 280s or 290s on stage. And then of course, he had rich piano. The guy that did a video series literally called Bigger by the day, where he was trying to get up to 330 pounds, I believe. So I think those two deaths definitely dramatically impacted the body building community as a whole and the way they looked at these bigger guys. I think number two, it's just not becoming attainable or aesthetic or pretty to look at. People are starting to say, okay, we've seen enough giant guys. We know it can be done. But can these guys get conditioned? We don't want to see just big guy after big guy coming in with a gut, coming in with bad conditioning. We've seen enough of that. We want to see some guys that are shredded to the bone. And we're not seeing that. We're repeatedly getting these soft guys, these watery guys, these bubble guts over and over and over again. And people want to see something different. They want to see a sharp physique. They want to see a conditioned, lean shredded physique. They want to see lines. They want to see striations. They don't want to see just a big ball, just a big sponge ball. But on the other side of that, do I want to see big ramen coming crazy shredded? Hell yes, I want to see big ramen coming crazy shredded. Are you kidding me? It's not that I don't like a guy that has crazy big muscle mass. Instead, I don't like a guy that has crazy big muscle mass. That thinks he doesn't have to die at or come in condition. Hell yeah, I want to see big ramen coming in shredded. Hell yeah, I want to see what a guy that weighs 350 pounds in the off season. Looks like shredded to the bone. Hell yeah, I want to see that. So a little bit longer video today. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. And make sure you guys let me know in the comment section below. What you guys think about this, the standard of conditioning and body building in 2018. What you guys think about this classic physique division in the impact that it's going to have on the standard of conditioning, on the mindset towards body building. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Next strength and power, signing out.