All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I wanted to make kind of a tribute video to Dallas and the carver. As we all know, Dallas and the carver recently passed away in 2017. But I wanted to make kind of a tribute video going over some of his playsings. I'm talking about some of the things that he was able to achieve during the short bodybuilding career that he had. I'm in early his transformation because his bodybuilding career was so short. But he was able to transform his physique to such an extent. It's one of the most impressive transformations from amateur to pro. Arguably in the history of bodybuilding and such a short amount of time. He was also one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro earning his pro card at 21. But not only that, but he was one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro at the young age of 21 years old. And it wasn't just his age that was impressive. It was the fact that it was his third bodybuilding show ever that he turned pro at his third competition ever competing in his novice show. His second show he would qualify for the North Americans and his third show. He would go to the North Americans and win his pro card winning the overall. And the super heavyweight class at 21 years old. So one of the standout points that Dallas was known for during his competitive pro career was his sheer amount of muscle mass standing at six foot one getting up to about 350 pounds in the off season. Dallas was certainly one of the biggest if not the biggest bodybuilder on the pro circuit period. And next to guys like Big Rami. Now Dallas, my car for my opinion was a guy that was meant to be a big bodybuilder. I mean, this guy during his football career in high school was a guy that was always close to 300 pounds and over 300 pounds as a high schooler playing football. Now as I mentioned before, Dallas actually had a very short pro bodybuilding career. Even though he would earn his pro card in 2012 at the North Americans, he would not make his pro debut until 2015 where he won his pro debut the 2015 California pro at the age of 24 years old. So because Dallas was such a well-known bodybuilder, I don't think people really realized how short his pro career was and how much raw potential this guy had. Because his pro career started in 2015 and ended with his death in 2017 just two years later. Now in 2015, he would also make his Olympia debut placing 13th at his first Olympia ever. And he would make tremendous improvements going into the 2016 Mr. Olympia where he would place 8th. So top 10 finished at his second Olympia ever. 8th place, very good placing for Dallas McCarver. And that same year in 2016, he would also win the Chicago Pro aka the wings of strength and he would place 9th at the Arnold Classic Europe. Now 2017, which was Dallas McCarver's last year as a pro bodybuilder, was arguably his biggest and best year as a pro bodybuilder. The second place finished in March of 2017 at the Arnold Classic Ohio, the second biggest show in bodybuilding. And not only that, Dallas McCarver had peaked out his physique in the offseason to pushing 350 pounds, his biggest and best physique ever. And that's when we would first start to see signs that something was wrong. Following the Arnold Classic Ohio, of course there's the Arnold Classic Australia. Dallas McCarver slated to compete there. Arguably could have won the Arnold Australia. Had nothing gone wrong. As we know, at that show, Dallas McCarver collapsed on stage and he was not able to finish that show. And from that point forward, we would not see Dallas McCarver compete again. So that second place finished at the Arnold Ohio would be his final placing as a pro bodybuilder before passing away in September of 2017 at the age of 26 years old. Making him to my knowledge the youngest pro bodybuilder to pass away. So I just wanted to make a video kind of remembering Dallas for the things that he did achieve in such a very short time. Three competitive seasons as a pro bodybuilder 2015, 2016 and 2017. During that time, winning two pro shows, including his pro debut, placing top 10 at the Mr. Olympia and becoming runner up at the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, the second big show in bodybuilding. On top of that being one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro, one of the very few bodybuilders that has been able to turn pro on their third ever show, which is a feat that I don't know for ever going to see again. I mean, that's a very impressive just just a perfect example of someone that just had what it took to be a pro bodybuilder turning pro on their third show. I mean, I can't say enough how impressive that really is. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up, give it a like, help keep Dallas as legacy alive. And hopefully he will be remembered for the great things that he actually did in bodybuilding. And not so much the focus that the mainstream media has to say about him. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, a power signing out.