Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So we've got another guest posing for you guys. This time a classic physique guest posing and this is of Danny Hester. So Danny Hester won the very first ever classic physique Olympia back in 2016 and he slipped all the way down to 5th place in 2017. But this guest posing that he did came out from about 7 weeks out this past weekend. I know it's been a crazy weekend for guest posings and bodybuilding. But I wanted to share this with you guys because I think he actually, you know, he really looks good here. So I think just like any other category that's new and young. Classic physique is really trying to figure out what exactly they're looking for in terms of what physique they're going to be rewarding at the Olympia. Danny Hester being the first Mr. Olympia ever in classic and then Brianna being the second in 2017. You've got two very different physique there and you can tell that the judges are trying to figure out what exactly they want from the classic physique division. This is the same thing that we saw with women's physique. Women's figure as those divisions were new, it started to come into their own. The look that they were actually looking for started to become more and more apparent as we saw the people that were winning and getting rewarded for how they looked. So I think that's the great thing about classic physique is because with these weight and height restrictions, it gives you a very wide range of different physique. You've got taller guys with bigger wider structures and you've got shorter, very aesthetic guys that are very dense and muscular. A whole wide spectrum of different kinds of physique to choose from in classic physique. And I think that's what makes it so interesting in contrast to men's open where everybody is just big and they have slightly different variations in their physique. Classic physique with all these different heights and weights, you have a lot of completely different looks in that division. I mean, compare a guy like Bumps that to a guy like Hester or a guy like a rush to a guy like Hester or a guy like Buryon to a guy like Hester. So I do think Danny has a great physique and I think in this guest posing in particular he looks amazing. I mean his posing has always been one of his strong points. I think he's got a very, you know, artistic way of hitting the classic pose and I think that's a big reason why he was rewarded back in 2016 and his conditioning was great back then as well and it appears to be great here at seven weeks out. But I think the type of physique that they're looking for is starting to change a little bit and they're starting to decide they want a little bit of a bigger physique, a wider physique, a bigger frame, a bigger structure. You could say something more like an Arnold Schwarzenegger or something more like a surge new bra or something more like a Sergio Aleva. Just a bigger, more imposing physique on stage seems to be the trend of what's getting rewarded recently. And for that reason, I think that's why Danny Hester slipped all the way down to fifth place after winning the year prior because the standard of what they're looking for is changing. But honestly after seeing this guest posing, I think Danny looks incredible and I actually think now there is a chance that he could be in that top six again. I don't think we're going to see Danny win the Olympia again. I just don't think that's going to be the case. But he is looking good at seven weeks out. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below of Danny Hester's current physique compared to some of the other guys in that division like a bum step or a Breon and how you think he's going to play. So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.