Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's down the power. So I've got an interesting video topic for you guys today. So on his Instagram story, Dexter Jackson responded to a question about Flex Lewis competing in the open division. So I'm going to go ahead and play that clip for you guys right here. Now he doesn't want none of this right here. Too small. He better worry about the boy. It's on Kuwait and a Iranian boy first. Yeah, yeah, too small. We need big boys up here boy. Flex used to be open. So in this clip, Dexter Jackson says number one Flex Lewis has tried the open before. And number two, he's too small. That men's open is for the big boys. So I wanted to give you guys some perspective on that. Flex Lewis is five foot five inches tall. Dexter Jackson is five foot six inches tall. So he's only one inch taller than Flex Lewis. Now Dexter Jackson, according to his own profile on bodybuilding.com, his offseason weight is between 230 and 2305. And his competition weight is only around 215 pounds. Now I've seen on some other websites where they say he's between 215 and 225 on stage. I'd say somewhere probably around 220. Now Flex Lewis is offseason weight. It's about 238 pounds. So mind you, that's one inch shorter than Dexter and three pounds heavier than Dexter's supposed max offseason weight. And obviously in shape on contest condition, he's listed as 222 pounds. But I think on stage Flex Lewis is probably around 225. Because yes, these two 12 guys suck down to make that two 12 weight limit. But they have plenty of time to carve up and fill out before they actually get on stage. So I'm sure in the process of doing so Flex Lewis gains anywhere between 10 and 20 pounds before he ever steps on that stage. So in my opinion, even as a two 12 guy, he's very size comparable to Dexter Jackson. So do I think Flex Lewis is too small for the men's open bodybuilding division. Absolutely not. You've got guys like William Bonac winning major shows. Like I said, even guys like Dexter Jackson, I mean 5-6, it's not a very tall guy. Dexter Jackson wins tons of shows. And who knows how big Flex Lewis will be when he actually trains from men's open bodybuilding. He doesn't have to worry in the offseason about having to cut back down to make that weight limit. And when he can weigh whatever he wants, he might come in 2030 pounds bigger for all we know. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Flex Lewis is too small for men's open? Personally, I don't think that. And do you think Dexter Jackson was right in his comments? So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.