All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So this Jeremy Boyne Dia and Sergio Aliva beef that they had on Instagram is really sparking a lot of debate and discussion. I'm in a lot of big names in the fitness industry. I started to weigh in on men's physique and all these new divisions versus men's open body building. In particular, Dexter Jackson, so far as the only mistroling limpio winner of the men's open mistrolingpio to weigh in so far. So I'm going to go ahead and play that right now. So on his Instagram story, that is what this video is from. And this is a little bit of what Dexter had to say in response to Jeremy Boyne Dia. You're physique guys that are talking shit. Don't get it. This boy would go on with or without you. You understand? Because this is a marvelous thing. This is a wonderful thing that Jim Man created. And like I said, Jim Man, thanks, Jim. He created this division. This division would have went on and been great with or without any you guys who talk in shit. Trust me. So let's get to some of the comments that we said. They said that physique and bikini has brought to sport back up to it was and then taking it. Look bikini. If you see killing them, I'm just like, yeah, you're that. One physique dude, going to bring a one for bikini girl, they're going to bring five, six, the 10 people with them to the show. That's money for the promoter. All right, I just said it is right now. We could put on two shows at the Olympian. All the stars in Olympia, promenade, one show, all the physique guys, another show. And I give you bikini too. Since you all got all the big numbers in the amateur, I'm going to give you bikini. physique and bikini. Promend. Say a y'all tickets for the same amount. Y'all a sale out tickets for. Sell them for the same amount. You sell ours for them. You guys sell more than us or you sell the same as us. Then you'll get paid like us. We sell a nose. That's why I'll prize money. That's how it was. The home of you said that how you expect to get to save money as us when you in the expo $20 tickets to get it now. Call $765 for $300. I mean if it was dead then why I'm prize money keep going up every year and y'all staying the same. What is that? But physique pros, he got in there. What does look common in there? Did you see the massive crowd that we had at the expo? We either wanted to join everybody in. We should be getting adjusted much money as they get in. Let me shout a little later on a little home. Who said that? I've been going to the Arnold and the Olympic expo for 25 years. It's always been massive like that. You know what that means? You name because you're on a bikini. It's always been big. Not because of y'all home. You all killed me with your shit man. Don't get it twisted. Just because y'all got big numbers in the amateurs don't mean you're going to have big numbers in the pros. You understand? Prechall and brother. Prechall. Y'all see what I'm listening to me well I'll listen very carefully. Look, by the building they did and by the building they going nowhere. We always going to meet in the bread and the rice of this industry. But you don't see us going around. Back to the division. We got time for the nonsense. You know what I'm saying? We ain't got time for that. That's below us. Man, I just wanted to share another light to all you guys out to who saw all these posts and all that stuff. I just wanted to let you guys know it's always too size to every story. Now, amateurs, they get the numbers. I'm going to give you that. No doubt. But Kenny, Fazeet, y'all killing the amateurs. I'm going to promote it. Thank you so much. Okay, okay, okay. Let's just say, let's just say, you're right. Half of the crowd that was in the next move is at a CEO. It tickles $20. $20. So honestly, guys, I think Dexter made a lot of very good and very valid points here. I think the price of admission is a very solid point. I mean, the fact that they might have a bigger crowd is mostly because of the fact that it's being held at the expo. It really doesn't have much to do with more people wanting to see men's Fazeet because I don't think that's the case at all. If the argument is that men's Fazeet is bigger than bodybuilding, I think that is certainly not the case. And bodybuilding will always be bigger than men's Fazeet. While I think men's Fazeet should have a little bit higher price money, I certainly don't agree that the men's Fazeet guys should be paid the same amount as the men's open bodybuilders. But overall, I do think men's Fazeet has contributed to the growth of bodybuilding. Not just men's Fazeet, but men's Fazeet classic Fazeet bikini figure, all that of vision as a whole, have contributed to the amount of money, the amount of competitors, the amount of watchers, the amount of people going to shows, just to interest level as a whole in the sport of bodybuilding. Because the sport of bodybuilding is the NPC in the IFB. That is the main platform that is the biggest platform that is the most watch platform for bodybuilding. And if that platform is growing because of these divisions, I think overall those divisions have help bodybuilding go on an incline rather than a decline. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about Dexter Jackson's comments. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.