Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power. I've got an interesting topic here for you guys that I want you guys to debate in the comments sections. I want to know your guys' opinion on this. So, Hulk Hogan frequently throughout his wrestling career, one of his catchphrases was that he had 24 inch pithons referring to the measurement of his arms being 24 inches. So a lot of people disputed this and said his arms were never that big, but there is actually a clip online of him measuring his arms on a TV show that Vince McMahon hosted called Tuesday Night Titans. And in this clip, they do measure his arms, they use a tape measure, and you can see in the video, but it is pretty tightly wrapped around his arms, and a tape measure measures 24 inches for his arm measurement. Now Vince McMahon and the WWE, they are known for exaggerating statistics, they're known for exaggerating heights and weights of wrestlers, and especially a stat like this 24 inch arms when that's like his little catchphrase, as part of his character, I'm just having these big arms. And also, this little skit on this TV show, it was done as kind of a promotional stunt to advertise one of Hulk Hogan's supplements that he was coming out with called Python Powder. In the general idea of this little skit on this TV show was the measures arms and say, well, my arms are this big because I take Python powder, same my prayers, even my vitamins train hard. So this 24 inch measurement was supposed to be the selling point of this product that Hulk Hogan was coming out with. So my question to you guys, is do you think Hulk Hogan's arms ever measured 24 inches or do you think that was a complete lie? Fake tape measure, maybe they measured them, I'm going to fake away, let's some slack on the back of the arm or something like that. So to give you guys some perspective here, Arthur Jones way back in the 70s, he measured Arnold Schwarzenegger's arms at 19.75 inches, so almost 20 inch arms. Now Joe Weed are claimed in the magazines. Arnold Schwarzenegger had 22.5 inch arms. So Arnold Schwarzenegger's arms at their biggest or anywhere from probably 20 to 22.5 inches probably a little less than 22.5, but in either case, the measurement that Hulk Hogan claims would be a full two inches bigger than Arnold's at least. Now one thing to keep in mind here is that the measurements of Arnold Schwarzenegger were taken when Arnold was relatively lean. I mean, it's important to note that Hulk Hogan was never really a lean guy. I'm during the entire course of his career probably on his best day. Hulk Hogan was probably around 10% body fat. He always carried around his significant amount of weight. So you gotta keep that in mind, that's definitely going to fluctuate the measurements there. If you're holding a lot of water, you're holding a lot of fat, that's definitely going to add to the size of your arms. When Arnold Schwarzenegger being extremely lean as a competitive body builder, there's probably no fat, no water or minimal fat or water to add to that arm measurement. So do you guys think it's possible that Hulk Hogan could have arms that were two inches bigger than arguably one of the greatest body builders of that era having the best arms of that era, Hulk Hogan claimed to have two inch bigger arms. So I want to know in the comments section below what you guys think. Do you think this measurement is real or fake? And if you do think it's fake, how big do you think Hulk's arms were at their biggest? And also what do you guys think? Arnold Schwarzenegger's measurement really was. So I did say Vince McMahon tends to exaggerate wrestlers statistics, but I wouldn't doubt at all that Joe Weeder would exaggerate a body builder's statistics because Joe Weeder was selling all kinds of products in his magazines, supplements, weightlifting equipment. I'm using Arnold as the face for that. So I wouldn't doubt that Joe Weeder would possibly exaggerate the size of Arnold's arms, but I am inclined to believe that Arnold definitely had bigger than 19 inch arms at some point in time. So let me know if you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of the power signing out.