Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power's. I want to do a recap of the classic physique division at the Pittsburgh Pro which happened yesterday. Specifically Steve Loerus, aka some people call him Mr. Proper and divine Wilson first and second at the classic physique Pittsburgh Pro division. So there was a lot of controversy about Steve Loerus winning. I mean, you can see on stage in the pictures of divine next to Steve when they're giving the awards. He's given him like the dirtiest look ever and apparently he also walked on stage during the awards part of the show. So divine was not very happy with his placing and a lot of the fans were not happy with that placing, including myself. I mean, just like everybody else, I was super excited to see what Steve Loerus was going to do on his pro debut. Everyone was looking forward to it. He had a ton of social media hype going into this show. I think he was one of the only guys, if not the only guy on that stage where they made your supplements sponsor going into the show being RedCon 1. And I'm going to call it like I see it guys, even though me and Steve are both sponsored by RedCon 1 and I'm sure people would rather me say, I'll Steve blew this guy out of the water and looked amazing. I don't think that was the case at all. I think honestly, okay, here's the deal. Steve does have an amazing structure for classic physique. He does have a crazy small waist. He's got great arms. He's got pretty good legs. But overall structure does not win shows alone. I think overall he was very flat. His color was very bad. His tan was, I think his tan was terrible. He didn't have a dark enough tan. He wasn't like shiny enough. I don't know what it was, but he looked very, very flat. And I'll be brutally honest with you guys here. I think his conditioning was simply not good. He was very off-conditioning wise. His midsection was very, very cloudy. This particular shot right here of him hitting an absentee thighs. You can barely even see his abs at all. And some people will say, well, you just caught a weird moment in time. The picture was just taken and a weird angle. So I took a screenshot from this video as well. Taken at a different angle right in the middle of the abs and thighs. And both shots, you can't see his abs because he has this cloudy wateriness and his midsection. And in addition to being flat and having bad conditioning. And I really mean that. I'm not hating on the guy. I think his conditioning looked like Breon Ains, his conditioning. And Breon is guest posing. I'll be 100% honest with you guys. And then I think honestly he has a very shallow back, especially when they turn around and compared him versus divine Wilson. I think divine honestly in the back poses blew him out of the water. I think it was hands down no contest. The vine destroyed him in the back poses. So I think divine had better conditioning. I think he was much fuler, much rounder. He had denser muscle mass in all the right places. His conditioning was better. His color was better. His tan was better. His show shine was better. But I think the one thing that played into his downfall was his posing. And you're going to see this in this video. And I'm not saying that pose for pose, Steve Loury, is beat him in terms of the actual body parts. I'm saying pose for pose. The actual way they hit the poses, Steve Loury was much more professional. And he hit the poses. I think in a much more effective way than we saw divine hit the pose. And I think that led to possibly why he won. But I think a large part of it, and I'm going to be honest with you guys, was the fact there was so much hype and social media, you know, buzz, going around Steve Loury's into this show. But I think all these judges, whether they wanted to admit it or not, they knew this guy was coming to this show and they had their eyes on him. I mean, they were waiting to see what he looked like. I think had no one known who he was going into this show. He would not have won this competition. So before I even made this video, I wanted to get your guys as a opinion. So on my Instagram, which is at Nick's strength power, I did a couple polls on there to see what you guys thought about the results. So the first question that I asked you guys, I said, did anyone else think that Steve Loury looked off at this show? 81% of you guys said yes. I threw up a back pose of Steve Loury's versus divine. And I said, who wins this pose? 76% of you guys said divine Wilson beat Steve Loury's in the back pose. And then I put up a simple, do you think Steve deserved to win? And 67% of you guys significantly more than half said no. He didn't deserve to win. And then finally there were a couple people saying that Steve's conditioning was awesome. He was shredded to the bone. So I threw up a picture of Steve's back to the bicep and Breon's back to the bicep. I said for those of you that are saying Steve was shredded with this conditioning beat Breon Ainsley at the Mr. Olympia. And 89% of you said no. He would not beat Breon Ainsley with that conditioning. So clearly, I'm not the only one that feels that way. I mean, I wanted to get your guys as opinion first before I made this video kind of saying how I felt because I think honestly divine Wilson got robbed of this show and it's just as simple as that. So I think this kind of turned out to be one of those things that's very similar to what happened with Big Romney on social media, on Instagram, in filtered pictures. Everyone saying this guy is the Messiah of his division. This guy's going to destroy everybody. But when he comes in on stage, not really that impressive. I mean, he looked good. He has a good structure. Like I said, I mean, don't get me wrong. I do think he has an amazing structure for this division. His physique, his V taper, his small waist, his legs, his arms. He looks very good. But when he comes in off, you know, structure alone should not win you a show. If your conditioning is not good, especially in classic physique, you should not win the show. That's my opinion. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power signing out.