Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So it is the day after the 2018 Chicago Pro Classic Physique Finals. So we now have the results and we all know that Wesley Visters has won that show. So Wesley Visters versus Amit Roy was the main controversy coming out of this show. A lot of people are saying, you know, Wesley didn't deserve to win and they're saying, these social media guys like Wesley or Steve Lourius somehow have the judges and their pockets because they have these large following and that's why they win these shows. So I wanted to address that controversy here. I'm kind of compared the Wesley versus Amit situation with the Steve Lourius versus Divine Wilson in the situation from back in Pittsburgh. But also, you know, now that we have these HD photos here, I can give you guys a much better picture of the competition and give you guys a much better idea of what went down and why Wesley won. So first and foremost, so nobody can say that I'm biased here. I want to start out by pointing out Wesley's weak points in the things that I think Wesley could work on and Wesley possibly did a wrong for this show. So number one, I think this is the biggest glaring weakness that Wesley had was the color his tan. I think he was the lightest guy on stage by far. It was super noticeable. He stood out like a sore thumb because he was so light. And I think in addition to that color being off, his conditioning was a little bit off too. I don't think he was in bad shape. I think he was still in pretty good conditioning, but Amit Roy was certainly in better conditioning. There's no argument about that. So the guy that took second, the shorter guy next to him, he was by far the more conditioned guy. But we'll get to that in a minute. So Wesley's conditioning was a little bit off. The color was way off. So I think the combination of those two things, the color being off, the bright lights, the conditioning, it made him look worse than he actually did. And that was evident by the night show. He came into the night show much, much darker. And he looked a thousand times better at the night show. I mean, you can see from the comparison photos here. I mean, it's night and day difference. The color was the main thing that was off. Then the third thing that people often criticize about Wesley is his legs. So I will agree that Wesley needs to work on his legs. I think from the front, they really don't look that bad. But from the side in the back, you can kind of see them being a weakness in terms of the separation and the hamstrings from the side in the back. Compared to a guy like Amit, who is shredded to the bone. And his legs separation was far better than Wesley's. So that's what I wanted to address in this video is the judges were faced with a decision of two completely different physiques. He had Wesley visors, a taller guy, much bigger frame, much better structure, much more muscle mass than Amit and his much bigger and fuller at this show. Where you had Amit, a much shorter guy, much less muscular guy. But a much more ripped guy. And certainly the more conditioned bodybuilder. But in my opinion, here's the thing. So the judges were faced with this decision of, do we want this big guy with good structure, but he's not as ripped or do we want this short guy with not so good structure, but he's ripped to the bone. So they're like, which one of these physiques is going to better represent classic physiques? Which one of these physiques is a more classic physique? Because that is the question in the classic physique division. And to me, Amit Roy just looks like a smaller, two, 12 bodybuilder. This isn't really a conditioning contest. This is a classic physique competition. This isn't a normal bodybuilding show. And I would agree in a normal bodybuilding show. If this were a two, 12 show, Amit Roy would beat Wesley because he was more conditioned. But this isn't bodybuilding. This is a completely different thing. This is classic physique. And you got to point out the obvious weaknesses that Amit had here too. This can't be a one sided thing. When we just say every competition is controversial and the social media guy just never deserves to win. So Amit Roy, I mean, you guys got admit, this guy had some pretty bad guy in a one stage. That counts for something. I mean, when you have Guy Noon stage and you're in the classic physique division, that is going to knock you. It's going to knock you 100%. And it was super noticeable with Amit. And I would say also his structure. His structure wasn't nearly as good as Wesley's for this division. And that's my opinion on Wesley versus Amit. And I would say if you want to say there's any controversy here, it would be the guy that took third. And that is Kevin Johnson. Kevin Johnson looked amazing at this show. Amazing. And he took third place to Amit Roy. And I would say that you can make an argument that it should have been Kevin versus Wesley for that top spot. Kevin Johnson, I mean, he looked absolutely incredible at this show. I mean, in my mind, watching pre-judging, I would have had Kevin Johnson in second at least. And he could have been pushing Wesley visitors. I think harder than Amit Roy was pushing him. So that was the controversial decision in my mind. And the final thing I want to get to is the way that people are comparing this to Steve Loryous versus divine Wilson. So I think Steve and divine were actually much closer than Wesley and Amit. Again, Wesley and Amit, two very different physiques, but Steve and divine from a size standpoint, very similar from a height standpoint, very similar. Very similar amount of muscle mass. They were just a little bit different in structure. And the way that they hit their poses. So those guys were very close. They were neck and neck. Amit and Wesley were not very close. Two completely different physiques. The judges were faced with a completely different decision. And actually, if you look at the scorecards, Wesley had straight votes for first place. Every judge had him in first. And Amit had straight votes for second place. Every judge had him in second. So it was a unanimous decision. It was, there wasn't really any controversy about it. It wasn't a close call. Wesley was number one. Amit was number two. And the judge's, you know, it really wasn't an argument. With Steve and divine, it was a little closer than that. So these were two completely different results, two completely different shows. And I think all the hate that Wesley is getting isn't really warranted here. I mean, in my opinion, this guy is the most classic guy on this stage. And I'm as conditioning was a little off. His color was a little off. But if you're talking about who here at the Chicago Pro, you know, is the best threat to the classic physique, Mr. Olympia on that stage. Who is the best structure or the best potential to do damage to the Olympia? Are you going to go with Amit Roy? Are you going to go with Wesley Visitors? So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, a power signing out.