Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I want to do a dress this quote unquote beef with Kenny K.O. So first and foremost, I want to squash this beef and clarify. I don't have beef with anybody and Kenny K.O. is included in that. So I've been seeing a lot of comments saying, what's your beef with Kenny K.O? What's the deal between you two? And the honest truth is I don't have any beef with him, but there is something I need to address. So Steve Shaw, who has a channel called Massive Iron, a highly suggest you check him out if you haven't already. He posted a video where he talks about Kenny K.O. copying my videos. And Kenny K.O responded to him and called me a liar, and he also said that my channel is dead and dying. So I wanted to address both of those claims in this video. Number one, the fact that he copied my videos, which is absolutely true. But again, I don't have beef with the kid. I've never called this kid out on it. I've known that he's been doing this for about a year now. And I never said anything about it because I really don't care. I mean, let the kid have his YouTube hustle. Do what he's got to do to get views. That's fine with me. But I didn't care until he said this in one of his videos. Kenny, are you related to Nick Strikton Power? Oh man, oh man. What's the best way to answer this one? I guess, yes, I am related to Nick Strikton Power NSP, but I'm much better looking. Produce much better content, and I'm just way buffer. So in that clip, he said that his videos are better than mine. His channel is better than mine. It's basically just racking on my channel. So I thought that was interesting because of the fact that he basically built his whole channel based on one video. So specifically, there's one video I'm talking about. And it's called Brad Castleberry King of Fake Wates Must Watch. Kenny K.O. uploaded this on May 26, 2017. Now, I uploaded a similar video. You can actually see it in the related videos. Brad Castleberry, the Fake Wate, Feinom. And this was one of the first videos ever made on Brad Castleberry was my video. So the reason I want to talk about this video is Kenny K.O. If you guys go and watch this video and watch mine, what Kenny K.O. did for this video was not only did he copy my video. He literally downloaded the video that I uploaded. And then re-uploaded it with my voice muted in him voicing it over saying all the same things that I said in my video. And as you guys know, Kenny K.O. basically built his entire channel around the fake Wates thing. So the first video that he did was my video and he built his whole channel on the fake Wates. So I was like man, why is this guy saying my channel is shitty in his videos are better than mine when he used my channel to build his. That's the first point I wanted to address. And that is not the only video. I'll show you guys some screenshots here of some other videos. And again, I've never addressed this before because I don't really care. I mean, let the kid do what he's got to do. But then when he calls my channel shitty and he says his videos are better than mine. And then he calls me a liar on top of that. I was like man, that's I mean, that's kind of fucked up. And I wasn't even going to do a video on this, but the fact that he called me a liar and then Steve Shaw made a video about it, I kind of felt that he'd upload a video defending myself because I'm not a liar. I have no reason to lie about it. And then the second point I wanted to address. He said my channel is dead and dying. So I wanted to throw out some screenshots here of our video analytics for the past month, the month of March. He had 9,200,000 views. I had 13,800,000 views. So almost 5 million more views than him. And my views were going up while his were going down. He had a bunch of subscribers, 42,000, but that number is also going down. And a large part of that was that viral video he did that he bought all lead video. When you have a viral video, your subscribers may have a massive jump and they go down. But both his views and subscribers are down last month, while both of mine are significantly up. So if my channel is dying, then his channel is dying as well. So that's another point that he made that is just completely false. And the final point is where the root of all this really kicked in is Keny K. I made a video a long time ago. I'm talking about me blocking him on Instagram. And he recently made another video saying I was a liar about when I blocked him. He said that I said in a video that I only blocked him a couple weeks ago, which is not true. I never said that. The truth is I did block the guy. I immediately blocked him right after he made that video about me. I mean, the truth of the matter is he spelled the name of my account wrong. He could not find my account because he typed in the wrong user name on his video. You guys can go and watch the video. He typed in the completely wrong user name in my account. It's not come up obviously. So someone sent me this video like a day after he posted it. And once I saw what he was saying in the fact that he made this video about me, I blocked him just out of principle because I was like, why would you make a whole video about me and not even reach out to ask? So I don't really care about any of this, but the fact that Steve Shaw put it out there, I got a bunch of people commenting and messaging me asking me to address it and address this beef between Keny K.O and I. So I want to make a video squashing the beef. I don't have beef with him, but I'm not a liar. I'm not lying about anything that I said. You guys can see all the videos right here that he deliberately, I mean, same thumbnail, same title and even cases where he downloaded my exact video and then muted the voice over. It's all there. That's all on his channel. But like I said, I'm not about drama. I'm not about beef. I don't care about any of this. So in fact, I don't care so much. I'm going to unblock Keny K.O and extend the olive branch to him. Because I'm just tired of seeing the beef comments. Again, I don't have beef with anybody. I don't want to argue with anybody. I don't want drama with anybody. I don't even care that he copied my videos. The only thing that I was mad about was the fact that he called me a liar. Then he uploaded a video saying his videos are better than mine. Both of which I just didn't agree with. So Keny K.O is now unblocked. There's no beef between us. But these are the facts. And I was not lying about that when I was telling Steve Shaw about that. Again, I don't care about the Photoshop scandal with him. I didn't even address it. I didn't make a video about it. It didn't make a post about it. In fact, I've never said a negative word about Keny K.O on my channel. But the fact that he keeps making these little videos, taking shots at my channel, saying negative things about me. It just really rubbed me the wrong way. And that's why I mentioned the Steve Shaw. I find it interesting that Keny K.O keeps making these videos calling me out. Where he based his whole channel based on a video that he copied from me. So again, I'm not going to say anything negative about him. The beef is over. He's unblocked. But the facts are the facts. So let me know what you guys think about the video in the comment section below. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.