Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I wanted to get your guys a thoughts on this. So Aaron Singerman, who is a mutual friend of mine and Kai Greene's. He posted a video on Instagram today, where he's basically reaching out to Kai Greene's fans to try to get him to compete. I guess Aaron has talked to Kai and Kai is actually seriously contemplating competing in 2018, but he's a little hesitant and he's a little bit on the fence. So Aaron posted this video where he's trying to get the fans of Kai to show Kai how much they want him to compete. So I'm going to go ahead and play that video for you guys right now. Alright, so I'm walking to the GNC X-Po and I thought it's something I'd like to ask you guys to do. So as you know, I'm a friend of Kai Greene, where business associates business partners and I think he needs to know how much people want to see him do the Olympia again. Now with the new rule change and the people's champ and that one additional judge, one point may be all the Kai needs and it has been in the past. So I'm going to ask you to do if you like to see Kai compete. Put your favorite picture Kai, post your favorite picture Kai. Maybe you with Kai are just Kai posing and post it on Instagram and use the hashtag Come Back Kai, Come Back Kai and let him know, Ted Kai Greene, let him know that you want to compete again and that you got his back and you're supporting him. I know I am. Come on back Kai. So I know every year we kind of get to this topic and every year, Kai Greene kind of teases that he's going to compete. But I honestly think 2018, this year's Olympia is the best opportunity Kai Greene is ever going to have to compete. I think this is probably the most serious that Kai has ever been based on what I've heard about competing again at the Mr. Olympia. I think this whole addition of the fans' choice award is really the prime time for Kai Greene to compete because even if Kai doesn't win, even if Kai doesn't place well, if that's what he's afraid of. I think that people's choice award that people's champion is something that Kai Greene has a great shot at winning. And I'll be honest with you guys, I read pretty much all of the comments on my channel and there's not a whole lot of people that are very interested in 2018 Olympia, men's open body building division. I see the comments guys, people just aren't really that interested in seeing Phil Heath win again and people like this new fans' choice thing because it presents the opportunity that Phil Heath might not win. People don't want to see Phil Heath win over and over again whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, that's just how it is. And that's what I see all the time in the comment section on this channel. I think that's why they introduce the whole fans' choice award because they knew people were losing interest in seeing the Olympia. So I wanted to share this video the Aaron Post that to get you guys involved. If you guys want to see Kai Greene compete, I encourage you guys to let Kai Greene know that to participate in this hashtag thing. I'm just kind of put the idea out there that a lot of people want to see Kai come back. I think Kai might be afraid that people would be disappointed if he doesn't win or he doesn't place well. I think the reality is people just want to see Kai back on that Olympia stage. And none of us are going to be disappointed if Kai doesn't win. I mean, I'm a big fan of Kai Greene and I want to see Kai Greene do well. But even if he doesn't, I think it's still going to bring a whole new level of entertainment and interest to the Olympia stage to see Kai back up on that stage. So if you guys want to see Kai Greene compete at the Olympia, let me know in the comments section below. Give this video a thumbs up and please share it. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, I'm power signing out.