Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Schreiner Power. So in this video I want to talk about the 1991 Mr. Olympia competition. So the interesting thing about the 1991 Mr. Olympia is that this was Dorian Yates' first ever Mr. Olympia taking second to Leigh Hayney. So this 1991 Olympia was really Dorian Yates' first impression on the international bodybuilding community, on the biggest stage of the mall. I'm very early on in his career. I think this is only the first or second year of even being an IFBB pro bodybuilder. And being seen by the world for the first time is this massive new coming bodybuilder from the UK that no one had ever really seen before or heard much from before. He kind of came out of nowhere. Again, that's why they called him the shadow because in between Olympia is he was just kind of going back to the UK. I'm training in silence. He wouldn't really be that visible to the public. Then he'd come back to next year at the Mr. Olympia dominate, then go straight back to the UK and do the same thing for the next year. But the main reason I wanted to make a video on this particular Mr. Olympia is number one, there's not a whole lot of photos out there of the 1991 Mr. Olympia or of Dorian Yates' first ever Olympia appearance. And I do think it's a significant moment in bodybuilding history because again, you have Lee Haney, eight-time Mr. Olympia. He would win this Olympia and retire after winning this Olympia. So Dorian Yates, he kind of, a lot of people say he's scarred Lee Haney and Lee Haney saw the riding on the wall when he saw Dorian at that 1991 Mr. Olympia and maybe Lee Haney wouldn't have retired. Had Dorian Yates not been there to push him and Lee Haney probably knowing what would happen the following year when Dorian Yates had time to improve and come and bigger. So a lot of people say that Lee Haney made the smart move, retiring after the 1991 Mr. Olympia. But again, the reason I wanted to make this video is because there are so few photos of this Olympia and one of my subscribers actually, I want to give him credit here, Andy Caster contacted me. He was actually in attendance in the audience at the 1991 Mr. Olympia and he actually has a bunch of photos never before seen, never published before, just personal photos that he took from the 1991 Mr. Olympia in particular of Dorian Yates and Lee Haney. So I mean, these are legendary body-building photos from the debut, the Olympia debut of six-time Mr. Olympia Dorian Yates and from the final Olympia of eight-time Mr. Olympia record holder Lee Haney. So the 1991 Mr. Olympia was really dubbed kind of the dawn of the mass monsters because in the early 90s there weren't really any mass monsters around and Dorian Yates was really the first. Now granted in the later 90s people do think some of the mass monsters like Marcus Rul or a Paul DeLette, but those guys weren't around at the 1991 Mr. Olympia. So to give you guys some perspective here, the top 10 at the 1991 Mr. Olympia. Obviously Lee Haney placed first winning that show. Dorian Yates took second. You had Vince Taylor taking third. Lee Lebrata taking fourth again another shorter smaller body builder not a mass monster by any means. Sean Ray taking fifth again another shorter smaller body builder. Sunny Schmidt taking sixth. Francis Ben Fato. A.K.A. Mr. Symmetry taking seventh again another smaller guy just known for being very balanced and proportioned. The area pastel placing eighth again another smaller guy. I think he was actually under 200 pounds on stage known for his incredible abdominal development and also the size of his arms. He had a came all-brecht in night place. Now a came all-brecht is actually an interesting IFPB body builder because he's the only IFPB professional body builder to place top 10 at the Mr. Olympia and then go on to have a successful career as a pro wrestler in the WWE F. So a key mall-brecht was a top 10 finisher at the Olympia and a WWE F wrestlers and not a lot of people actually realized that. And then in 10th place you had Rich Gospari so you know more than half of the top 10 at the 1991 Mr. Olympia or a guy that were right around 200 pounds some of those guys under 200 pounds. So in the early 90s smaller guys were really dominating and in 1991 all the sudden you have this Dorian Yates guy come out of nowhere. This massive guy pretty much the biggest guy on stage at this point. So in Dorian came out on stage it was kind of like an o-ship moment for everybody there. Even though Dorian hadn't reached nearly the peak of his size at the 1991 Mr. Olympia he would make tremendous improvements from that point forward. But Dorian was still a side to be seen even at his first Mr. Olympia. I think even as a downsize version of himself he was still you know very proportional good conditioning good balance and you're still a very sizable guy next to eight time Mr. Olympia Lee Haney you could see the potential in Dorian. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and if you want to see more videos like this diving in depth and a various Mr. Olympia is a various years. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please good a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if you're not the power signing out.