Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I wanted to go through the list of qualified body builders so far for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now with less than 10 weeks to go, we pretty much have a pretty solid idea of who's going to be there. Give her take a couple guys that are still trying to qualify on points. There's only a couple opportunities left for guys to qualify and get into the Mr. Olympia. So the list of qualified guys right now is going to give you a pretty good idea of who's going to be there and who the top guys are going to be. So we're going to give kind of a early prediction video and kind of some early expectations of who's going to be placing where based on this qualification list. So let's get started here. So there's going to be two lists that we're looking at here. Number one is going to be the guys that are already qualified. Number two is going to be the highest point standings. So if you win a show, you automatically qualify for the Olympia. And then if you do well at a show, you can accrue these points. So these point standings are organized by who has the most points and who is the closest to qualifying for the Mr. Olympia, they could maybe do a couple more shows and get in there. So qualified so far. Obviously we have Phil Heath who won last year's Olympia automatically qualified. The whole top six is automatically qualified for the next year. So big Romney, William Bonac, Dester Jackson, Sean Roden, Rally Winkler, there's your top six from last year. Then you have Brandon Curry, Cedric Mimlin, Steve Kouklo, Nathan D'Ayesha, Juan Morell, Charles Griffin, Michael Lockett and Lucas Ossodo, those two who just recently qualified. Michael Lockett by winning in Chicago at the Chicago Pro and Lucas Ossodo who won the Van Kouver Pro very recently. And the three most likely guys that are probably going to get it on points. Josh Wade, Justin Luis Rodriguez and a keen Williams, all of which who have 10 or more points will most likely see these guys at the Olympia. So I'll just give them some very early predictions here. Based on what we've seen so far, obviously these are probably going to change. As we get closer to the Olympia, we start to see more and more of what these guys are looking like. Closer and closer to the show. But based on what we've seen from these guys over the past year, how they've qualified, the caliber of shows that they've won, the improvements they've made on their physique, we can get a pretty good idea of how they're probably going to do at the Mr. Olympia if they're able to replicate the physique they brought at these shows. So first I want to talk about guys that did not crack the top six last year that I think have a chance of cracking the top six this year. So the first guy I want to talk about is Nathan Dyesha, who has had a phenomenal pro year this year, winning both the Callie Pro and of course the major title of winning the New York Pro, placing seventh at last year's Olympia. I think Nathan Dyesha is a solid threat to that top six and certainly a guy that I think could crack in there. I'm if he's able to replicate the physique that he brought at both the Callie and New York Pro, more specifically the Callie Pro where he looked a lot better. I'm going to lock Sharper. Looking at the top six from last year, I think he could be able to beat a guy like a Dexter Jackson even who we don't know how Dexter's going to look because of his appearance of the 2018 Arnold Australia, where he had that bicep issue. Dexter could be a guy that's beaten down this year. I mean it could be a guy that we see slip in placing even more because again he's the oldest guy in that stage and we could see him so far the trend has been that his placing has been dropping. So we could see Dexter Jackson maybe dip out of that top six and we could see a guy like Nathan Dyesha cracking there beating a guy like Dexter or even beating a guy like Sean Roden who hasn't been doing that well at the past couple of Olympias. Now the guy that I want to see move up the most and that I think could move up the most is the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia champion, Roli Winkler. Now Roli Winkler brought arguably the best physique he ever brought to the stage at that Arnold Australia. He looked phenomenal. Roli Winkler is really in a league of his own in terms of overall size. I mean the guy is a freak. The only two issues with Roli is number one, the density in his back and number two the conditioning is sometimes a problem although it wasn't a problem at the Arnold Australia. If you're able to do that at the Olympia I can see Roli Winkler moving up significantly at this year's Olympia. Now Roli is a guy he placed six last year at the Olympia. I mean again I mentioned his back and I think when it comes down to Roli versus Phil a lot of people would want to see Roli win the Mr Olympia. A lot of people you know have that in the back of their minds. But the problem that Roli's going to run into is Phil he has such a complete back and such a thick dense detailed back development. I just really can't see Roli beating Phil unless Phil is just you know like a 75% shadow of himself because Roli versus Phil could be very comparable from the front from the sides but when they turn around from the back I think it's really game over in favor of Phil Heath. But you gotta look at the top six from last year. He had Sean Rodin and fifth. Dexter Jackson and fourth William Bonac and third big Romney and second. Could Roli beat a Sean Rodin? I think yes. Could Roli beat a Dexter Jackson? Yes he could and yes he did at the Arnold Australia. So he's already beaten Dexter. I think he could certainly beat Sean. So that could move Roli up to a placing like fourth. So that could be two places up from last year. Could Roli beat William Bonac? If William Bonac came in off I think I think he could beat William Bonac. I think we could see Roli Winkler as high as top three at 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now Roli versus a guy like big Romney. Roli versus a guy like Phil Heath. That's going to be a lot tougher for Roli to overcome. While it might be possible it could be possible for him to beat big Romney and take second. I could see Roli solidly in that top three at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to go ahead and predict Roli could be fourth or third at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So my prediction so far you know I would have Sean Rodin slipping to a placing like seventh and a guy like Nathan Deasha if he catches a guy like Sean slipping like you know Sean was slipping last year. If he catches Sean slipping this year I could see Sean slipping out of that top six. Nathan slipping in then you could have Dexter dropping down from fourth to fifth so you have Nathan and sixth, Dexter and fifth. You know I really would like to see Roli in that top three but realistically I think Roli is probably going to be in that fourth place spot at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. And honestly in all likelihood I think the same top three from last year is going to be the top three this year of William Bonac big Romney and Phil Heath. William Bonac just came off that Arnold classic win which was massive. I mean the Arnold classic is the second biggest show in body building. I mean that is a massive just momentum boost for William Bonac coming into this Olympia and to see him not placing the top three after that amazing showing he had this year. I just don't for I can't see it happening and based on you know the guest posing that we've seen of Bonac so far he looks phenomenal at 10 weeks out and big Romney is big Romney man. I think he solidified his his spot as being a top three Olympian with the size and decent enough conditioning to get into that top three and Phil Heath of course seven time Mr. Olympia I don't think you're going to see Phil outside of that top three no matter no matter what happens. Now there are some wild cards that I want to talk about here and the biggest wild card of all would be Kai Green and the potential that he gets a special invitation. Now it's important to realize Kai Green is not qualified for this year's Olympia he is not competed to qualify this year he would have to get a special invitation to compete he's been offered a special invitation in the past and turned it down. So you know the chances of him getting another one aren't really the greatest he could get another special invitation I would love to see him compete but it's important to remember he has not qualified and he has not yet been issued that special invitation. But Kai Green could show up and throw a total wrench in that top six. Now another wild card you have is Cedric McMillan obviously one of the biggest people's champions of all time he's obviously one of the most favorite beloved by the fans who won the Arnold Classic last year in 2017 but a couple weeks ago maybe it was a month ago now at the Toronto Pro Cedric had a very disappointing showing there taking the third place spot in Toronto and that really left a lot of people wondering is Cedric going to even be a threat at this year's Mr. Olympia now last year Cedric placed tenth a very disappointing placing for Cedric and a lot of people wonder is it going to be the same case this year you know based on the trend I would have to say that I don't think Cedric's going to be in the top six this year I would love to see him crack in there but just based on the direction his physique's been going I just can't see it happening now as far as guys cracking in that top ten that weren't there last year I would really love to see Steve Cuclough cracking that top ten he brought a package to the indie pro which I was at and I saw him person where he looked phenomenal his conditioning was a hundred percent on point he also competed in the Arnold Classic where he had really good conditioning as well I think Steve Cuclough is a guy that's going to be cracking in that top ten this year that a lot of people don't expect to see in that top ten as well as a guy like Charles Griffin Charles Griffin who won the muscle may him show and he took second to Steve Cuclough at that indie pro I mean Charles Griffin has an incredible physique and I think this guy is going to be a guy to watch out for in that top ten as well keep in mind outside of the top ten last year you're a Josh on Artowitz brand and curry and Nathan Diazha as well as said we're taking tenth I'm pretty sure Josh isn't doing the Olympia he's not qualified I don't think he's going to try to qualify so that's one place that's open in the top ten that wasn't open last year so I think for sure a guy like Steve Cuclough or a guy like Charles Griffin could take Josh's spot in ninth or could even take said we're spot in tenth if said we're doesn't come in at a hundred percent so those are my preliminary predictions for the 2018 Mr Olympia I think in all likelihood we're going to see Phil repeat here but again as we get closer to the show I'm going to give out another set of predictions as we get closer and we've seen more updates of all these guys and how they're looking maybe two or three weeks out so let me know what you guys think how would you place the 2018 Mr Olympia based on what you've seen so far let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it Nick strength and power signing out