Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shemba Power. So in this video I want to talk about a bodybuilder from the 1970s and the 1980s. In this particular bodybuilder was well known for being super vascular and bringing that crazy rock hard, a caranity, thick, dense conditioning to the stage coupled with that insane vascularity. So this bodybuilder's name is Mike Watson. And the fascinating thing that I found about Mike Watson, which I actually didn't know before researching this video, was the fact that he's the father of the 212 competitor Zain Watson. So to be honest with you guys, I actually think that Zain Watson is one of the more impressive 212 competitors. He recently competed at the 2017 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, where he placed fifth. And I was actually there in the crowd at the night show. But I got to say he had the biggest crowd reaction out of any of the 212 bodybuilders that got on stage. I mean, when he got on stage, the crowd went absolutely nuts. Now that could be a result of him having just the biggest friends and family fan base present in the arena. But I just distinctly remember him getting on stage in the crowd going insane. Even to the point where the MC announcing the show made a comment about how loud the crowd reaction was, the Zain Watson. I think he does have a very impressive physique. I think he's actually very reminiscent of his father in terms of his overall masculinity. He brings very good conditioning to the stage. He seems to be very consistent in that regard. And I think he also has that granite like thick dense and granite level of conditioning coupled with his vascularity as well. What do you think is a trait that he probably inherits from his father Mike Watson. So getting back to Mike Watson for a minute. Mike Watson competed primarily in the 70s and 80s, like I mentioned before. He's competed against guys like Mike Menser, Tom Plats, Samir Benut, who is a Mr. Olympia winner, Ron Tuffell, who's arguably one of the greatest teen body builders of all time. And he was also the winner of the 1978 Canadian Nationals, which is basically the Mr. Canada Competition. So in the late 1970s and early 80s, Mike Watson was regarded as being one of the best amateur body builders in the world at that point in time. And Mike Watson is actually the reason for this video. I got a lot of people sending me video requests for a video on the most vascular, classic bodybuilder of all time. When I was researching that video, I came across Mike Watson and Mike Watson is certainly one of the most vascular bodybuilders of the Golden Era. So I went to make a video about Mike. And in my research for that, I discovered he was Zain's father in Zain Watson. I believe has tremendous potential in the 2012 vision. And the most fascinating thing about this is that Zain is actually trained by his father. So when he got his pro-card back in 2012, his father actually laid out his entire plan for the year leading up to the 2012 Canadian Nationals. Again, the same show that his father won some 30 years ago. So he said his father was like a scientist preparing him for that show. The dieting, the nutrition, the training, the cutting, the bulking, his father had everything planned out for a whole year leading up to Canadian Nationals. And that's where he won his pro-card and began his professional career. Zain Watson's pro-day view would be at the Toronto Pro in 2013, where he would actually place 13. So actually wasn't that good of a pro-day view. But the following year, he would actually win the Toronto Pro. Which is actually pretty impressive to win a pro-show your second year as a bodybuilder and then the qualify for an Olympia that same year. Unfortunately at that 2015 Mr Olympia, he would only place 16th. But like I said, when he fast forward to 2017, he made tremendous improvements between 2015 and 2017. I think that fifth place finished at the Arnold Classic was a major feather in his cap. Again, the Arnold Classic being the second biggest show in bodybuilding. So how you guys might enjoy this video? I thought it was a cool father's son story for, you know, just bodybuilding in general that you guys might like. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink of power. Signing out.