Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Name of Power. So today I want to make a video about the very first ever world strongest man competition. So the first ever world strongest man was held in 1977 and back at that time there was no you know strong man competitor. There wasn't like an amateur league, a pro league, something feeding into the world strongest man competition where you had to qualify as a strong man. As a strong man competitor. So basically what they did back in 1977 was they took who they believed to be the strongest man in the world just from various different sports. You had body builders, you had professional wrestlers, you had Olympic weight lifters, you had football players, just kind of a hard podge of guys that were believed to be super strong. So I think if you guys find body building history to be interesting, you guys would find world strongest man history to be even more interesting because of the humble roots that it really had. The kind of the interesting, you know, the interesting aspects of who they picked to be in this first strong man competition. You have Franco Columbo who at that time had won the Mr. Olympia the year prior. And during that 1977 world strongest man he would suffer a pretty big injury that would almost end his career in doing his leg during this carry where he was carrying a fridge on his back. That would basically be the reason why a lot of people think when he came back in 1981 that his physique was so off specifically his legs and he had a little bit of guy know in 1981. And some people think he may have continued to compete in Winna Olympia's had he not done that world strongest man in 1977. Of course you had the legendary Lou Fragno at that time I believe 1977 was about the year that he got his incredible Hawk deal and he started filming the incredible Hawk for TV. He may have even been noticed on the world strongest man that might have been where that came about. At that time obviously he was known for pumping iron which it came out a couple years prior. And he's also a two-time IFBB mystery universe and the IFBB mystery America. You had Kent Petera who was a pro wrestler. He was also a very accomplished weightlifter in my opinion one of the pound for pound strongest pro wrestlers of all time. To have come from such an accomplished weightlifting background he was also in it. Yet Bob Young who was a football player. I believe at that time he was playing for the St. Louis Cardinals as an offensive guard. You had another body builder in there by the name of Mike Dayton who might also make an interesting video. This guy was a classic body builder from back in the Golden Era. He was actually an IFBB mystery America. And he actually had a pretty incredible physique for that era. And then of course you had George Friend who was a hammer thrower. You had John Cole who was an AAU weightlifter. Then of course you had the winner Bruce Willham. So Bruce Willham was a Olympic weightlifting champion. And obviously the first ever world strongest man. He's actually a two-time world strongest man who had returned to win again in 1978. And this guy was a pretty massive dude. This guy was six foot two, 320 pounds or 150 kilograms. So this guy was a big guy. So not only was this lineup kind of a hodgepodge of people believed to be the best that they're given sports and the strongest that they're given sports. They really had no way of knowing what they were getting into and really had no way of training or preparing specifically for the world strongest man like we see today. The guys that compete today are strong man competitors. They know what the lifts are going to be. They know what you know. All the events are going to be and they can train for all those things at their gym leading up to the world strongest man competition. So they at least know what they're getting into. Where's these guys? It was kind of show up. See how much you can lift. See what you can do. So there were eight men in total and there were ten events in total. There was one event called the barrel lift where you basically just saw who could lift the heaviest barrel. There wasn't event called the bar bend where they basically just bent a steel rod in half. And the way they judged that was the bars got increasingly thicker as they went. So ever could bend the thickest bar was the winner of that. There's the third event called the wrist roll where they basically just lifted a hundred pounds up with a rope. Kind of an odd event. Mike Dayton won that event. You had an event called the tire toss, which as the name suggests they were tossing tires for distance. You had something called the tram pull, which is something you still see today where they're pulling an 8,000 pound vehicle. I guess that was for time. They all had to pull it 40 yards and ever pulled it the quickest was the winner. Yeah, the car deadlift, which is something that you still see today as well. I believe they did that for reps. Whoever had the most reps was the winner. And then probably one of the most interesting of all these events was an event called the girl squat. So the girl squat was kind of fascinating. They had to squat girls in a cage. So yes, they literally had girls in a cage and the men had to squat them for reps. So that's probably something you'll never see on the world's strongest man stage ever again. And then of course we have the infamous refrigerator race where you strap a 410 pound refrigerator to your back. Then you run with it. And that is actually where Franco Columbo got injured was doing that about 10 yards in. But despite that injury, Franco Columbo still managed to place fifth out of eight men at the 1977 World Strongest Man. Then of course you also had the good old tug of war. What's a better way of judging strength and an old fashioned tug of war. So that was in there. And after all these events were said and done, you had Bruce Willham and first, yeah Bob Young and second Ken Petera and third, Lou Frigno taking fourth beating his fellow body, Boat of Franco Columbo, yeah Franco Columbo and fifth obviously John Colton sixth, Mike Dayton and seventh and George friend the hammer thrower in eighth place. Now another interesting little fact about this first world strongest man is that seven of the eight competitors from the United States, only one Franco Columbo was from Italy. So obviously today we see all the competitors are from all over the world. Typically a lot of these guys are winning from other countries at the United States, but definitely in 1977 it was certainly stacked in the favor of the United States for the winner of the World Strongest Man to be an American. So this sport of strong man has certainly come a long way in the four decades that it's been around since 1977 and they've really refined things in terms of the competitions, the events, the way that they train and prepare for these events. I think the fact that there's a strong man organization where they can be pro and compete leading up to the world strongest man to qualify. And really as a practice for the World Strongest Man, I'm really makes it much better than 1977 just picking a bunch of random guys that were big. Let's see how much you can lift and then we'll name the strongest guy of World Strongest Man. It's a much more organized, much more refined way of doing it today. But I thought you guys might enjoy that video a little bit of history for you guys on Strong Man. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please go to a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink and power. Signing out.