Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon Power, so the Toronto Pro judging for men's open body building is literally happening right now. I'm going to of course I've got play by play coverage for you guys. So the first callout, or essentially the top six, is looking to be these six guys right here. Jeff Beckham, a team Williams, Juan Morell, Cedric Mimilin, Rafael Brandel, of course Antoine Vayant, which I'm very happy to see him in the top six here. So I think the outcome of this show is actually going to be a little bit of an unexpected outcome here. So Juan Morell and a team Williams actually seem to be one and two at this show. They're comparing them a little bit harder than they're comparing Cedric to one and two. So obviously Cedric is the biggest name in this lineup and he was kind of a last minute entry into this show. So no one was really knowing or expecting that he was going to be doing this show. And I got to be honest with you guys. I don't think this was the best showing for Cedric Mimilin and he might actually take third place here, possibly fourth place. This is a very deep line up, very competitive. Everybody has, you know, everybody in this top six really has incredible conditioning. And I got to say in terms of Cedric Mimilin, this is not the best condition Cedric Mimilin that we've seen midsection, honestly, to me it looks very watery. His conditioning just didn't look good to me for a Cedric Mimilin. And then you've got guys like Antoine who was just shredded to the bone in this lineup. He got Rafael Brando again in this top six, shredded to the bone, Juan Morelle, looking way more shredded in my opinion than he looked at the New York pro. Then of course, this surprise of this show, a team Williams being compared for that one and two spot, a team Williams looking significantly better than he looked at the New York pro just a couple weeks ago, conditioning looking better just all around looking very impressive in this lineup. A team Williams looks posed to take second place. And this is going to be very big for his career if he takes second to one and he beats a top Olympian, like Cedric Mimilin. I mean, that's going to be an incredible achievement for a team Williams and certainly something that we haven't seen for him in a while in terms of conditioning and placement of shows to beat a guy like Cedric would be massive for a team Williams. So based on the way they move these guys around and compare them, my predictions based on this pre-judging, it looks like Juan Morelle is going to be winning this show to be awesome if you guys. He just looks to be in the best condition, combined with the best size and shape and structure, all that stuff combined, just where they have him placed pretty much dead in the middle and they're moving around guys to compare to him. It looks like Juan's going to win. It's looking like a team Williams in second. Then actually it's looking very, very good for Antoine Vayant, either third or fourth for Antoine in my opinion. But in all likelihood, even though we saw kind of off Cedric Mimilin, I think Cedric is still going to sneak into that third place spot and Juan Morelle probably take a fourth and then we're probably going to have Rafael brand out taking fifth place and then Jeff Beckham on the end there, probably coming in sixth. So to be honest with you guys, this is a crazy show man. The results of this show are going to be pretty big, pretty crazy and not what a lot of people expected. I think when a lot of people heard that Cedric was going to come in myself included, they thought that Cedric was probably going to sweep the show and come out with an easy victory. But it turns out that was not the case. I mean, I love Cedric. I'm a massive fan of Cedric. But this to be honest with you guys, looked like a guest posing version of Cedric Mimilin. So I want to know what you guys think about these callouts and these comparisons. There was also this show. I think I got to be much later tonight around 11 o'clock. I think they're going to announce the men's open body builders winners. So for some reason, they did pre-judging much later in the day, in the pre-judging for the other shows. But let me know what you guys think based on these callouts, who you think is going to win, and how you think these body builders will place. And go to my Instagram. Of course, I'm posting live updates on my story. If you guys want to see this happening in real time, I'm posting a play by play on my story as well. My Instagram is at Nick Strength Power. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength Power signing out.