Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I wanted to give you guys another update here on Flex Lewis's retirement from the 2-12 division Olympia. So essentially it looks like he is going to be doing the men's open body building division and this is coming directly from his coach Neil Yoda Hill. So on Neil Hill's Instagram he posted his own post shortly after Flex Lewis announced on his Instagram that he was retiring from 2-12. So this is what Neil Yoda Hill had to say about Flex Lewis's retirement. He said so 2018 will be Flex Lewis's last year competing as a 2-12 athlete. He's defended that title from day one where he became the first ever 2-12 Mr. Olympia. He's endlessly traveled the world, competing in different 2-12 shows and he's also traveled the world relentlessly giving back to all the fans, athletes, promoters, and the sport as a whole. Yes, this will be his last 2-12 outing comes September and Las Vegas. But he will be back at some point as a new reformed open-class body builder at some point, possibly 2020. But whenever it is maybe you will see a new level of quality, size and muscle that will allow him to finally be competitive in the open-class division. Evolution is what life is all about. So there you have it. When I read Flex Lewis's post, it sounded to me like he was done with competitive body building in general. He made some very specific points about Dallas McAverse death, kind of influencing him and contributing to his depression a little bit. He talked about his family and of course I mentioned his businesses. So it seemed to me based on Flex's post. This was kind of a definitive retirement statement saying he was done with body building due to all these factors. But it appears he is going to do the men's open-class according to his coach. So here's what I think about this. So Flex Lewis, I think he actually would have a good shot as a men's open body builder. Even though he goes and competes in the 2-12 division, that doesn't mean this guy is a 212-pound body builder. So when he weighs in at 212 pounds before that Mr. Olympia, that's just the way that he deplete himself down to to make the wands, I'd be willing to bet that by the time he carbs up and fills out and steps on stage. Flex Lewis is every bit of a 225 pound possibly close to 230 pound body builder by the time he gets to the stage. So I would say his stage weight is definitely in the 220s. So you know, looking at that, there's a lot of body builders and men's open that are 230 and 240 pound body builders. So the fact that Flex Lewis has been training all these years specifically with making that weight limit in mind. So it's constantly in the back with mind that he has to get back down to 212. So he never really gets that big in the off season. So with this new ability for him to get as big as he wants, I could certainly see Flex being from a muscle mass standpoint competitive with the men's open guys. Just because he's shorter doesn't necessarily mean he couldn't put on enough muscle to be competitive. And that is evidenced with a guy like William Bonac placing third at the 2017 Mr. Olympia or a guy like William Bonac winning the Arnold classic in the men's open division. So William Bonac is a perfect example, I think, of what Flex Lewis could possibly do if he did decide to pursue men's open body building. And this is a guy that is a six time to 12 Mr. Olympia. So I think it's certainly within the realm of possibility that he could put that muscle on. And then the coach, you know, Neil saying that he's going to wait till 2020, that's also interesting because that could appear that Flex Lewis is waiting for Phil Heath to be done. You would think within the next two or three years, Phil Heath would probably be done competing and that would leave the door open for a new Mr. Olympia for a new standard and new champion. And that would be Flex's opportunity to really make a statement. If he could come in and win the men's open Mr. Olympia assuming he wins 2017 the two 12 title, a seven time two 12 champion coming to the men's open Mr. Olympia and even placing top six or top 10 would be impressive. But could you guys imagine if he won the men's open Mr. Olympia? I mean, imagine that line up, I mean, honestly in about three years with Phil Heath gone, Flex Lewis is still a very young guy. So he would still probably be in his prime in about three years if he put on the muscle and, you know, kind of waited it out. You would maybe have big ramen, which would be a hard guy for him to beat. But other than that, you know, from a proportion standpoint, from a balanced standpoint, Flex Lewis is just a very complete bodybuilder. And I think he could beat a lot of these men's open guys. And it's not really going to be an issue of, you know, these guys are outsizing him because he's really not that small of a guy. He's just short. That doesn't necessarily mean he doesn't have the muscle mass to compete with these guys. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Do you think Flex Lewis could be competitive in the men's open body building class? And do you think that's his plan to actually compete in the men's open body building class? So let me know in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, I'm power signing out.