Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Render Power, so I'm gonna make a video about a forgotten body builder by the name of Eddie Robinson. Now, Eddie Robinson was a bodybuilder who's career span in the 1980s and the 1990s, competing primarily in the IFBB, but that's what we're gonna talk about later on in this video. To leave the IFBB in 1991 to join Vince McMahon's WBF or the World Bodybuilding Federation, placing fourth in 1991 at the WBF Championships, and then placing sixth at the 1992 WBF Championships. So as we know history goes to show that the WBF was not successful and they just banded in 1992, however, a lot of those bodybuilders that went over to the WBF, they still wanted to compete and they wanted to come back to the IFBB. Now, for anyone that says politics don't play any role in bodybuilding, the WBF is a perfect example of when politics came into play, is that most of these bodybuilders that were great top level bodybuilders in the IFBB prior to leaving for the WBF, when they would return to the IFBB, their careers would be nothing like they were before. And I think Eddie Robinson is a perfect example of that and that's why he's one of my forgotten bodybuilders on my forgotten bodybuilder list, is because he's really someone you don't hear people talk about as one of these great kind of classic guys, one of these great 90s guys. He's not really in the conversation with the little drones, the flex wheelers, the mic front swaths, even like the Marcus Rules, a lot of these guys from the 90s, granted flex will learn Kevin LeVrony, who run her up at the Mr. Olympia, but Eddie Robinson was still an amazing bodybuilder to come out of that era and you really don't hear a lot of people talking about him. So let's talk a little bit about Eddie Robinson's career prior to the WBF. So he would turn pro by winning the Mr. USA in 1989. And he actually had a really impressive pro debut or pro year in 1990, winning the Niagara Falls pro his first IFB show ever, placing sixth at the night of champions at that time, arguably, the second or third biggest show at that time, the Arnold Classic started in 1989. But prior to that, the night of champions was pretty much the second biggest title. So the Arnold was still relatively new back then. So he's a top six guy at one of the biggest shows right off the bat. And then at the Mr. Olympia competition, that same year he placed tenth. So top ten at the Mr. Olympia his first time ever. Again, this is something that's very hard to do as a rookie. So 1991 comes along his second year as a pro bodybuilder. Invincible man is throwing around money. That's way more than anything these bodybuilders were making over in the IFB from winning shows. Invincible man was doing it differently. He would pay you a contract just to come over and compete. You didn't even have to win the show. He would give you money just to be in the WBF. So you got to think, here's a young bodybuilder. Just turned pro in the IFBB. Didn't really make much if any money at all from the shows that he won or placed highly at. And here's Vince McMahon talking about probably hundreds of thousands of dollars that Eddie Robinson, who was a top four guy to show. Just to come compete. So I mean, it's an easy decision if you're Eddie Robinson in 1991. Let's go with the big money because this obviously looked like something that was big and promising. This Vince McMahon, I mean the WBF was huge at the time. This was the attitude era of wrestling. So I mean of course, that's a very tempting offer. And I'm sure a lot of these guys never anticipated that this Federation would fail after just two years and two championships being held. So after 1992, Eddie Robinson takes about a three-year hiatus from pro bodybuilding. And he tries to return to the IFB in 1995. So from 1995 to 1999, those next four years Eddie Robinson will be trying again to do well in the IFB. And we would actually never see him on the Olympia stage again throughout his IFB professional career during his comeback. So 1995, he did do relatively well. He placed top 10 at the Knight of Champions, placing eighth. But then some of those smaller shows would come along in 1995. Those grand prees, placing outside of the top six at both of those that year, the grand pre-franc and the grand pre-you crane, placing eighth at both of those shows. And then from that point forward, his best placing would be at this Florida pro-invitational in 1996 where he would place fourth. But outside of that, you would see him mostly placing outside of the top six. So this was a guy who went from his rookie year, placing top 10 at the Olympia winning the Niagara show to never winning a pro show in the IFB again. And really never placing top six again at any really major show. And of course the obvious never grazing the Olympia stage again. And that's why I want to make a video about this guy because although he never really placed highly during his comeback years with the IFB and I think that's the big reason why he became kind of a forgotten bodybuilder. Eddie had a really incredible physique for the 1990s. I mean this guy had the size, he had the mass, I mean that crazy, you know, granite like density to his physique that you just don't see too often. And he was just extremely complete. I mean his arms looked amazing, his legs looked amazing. Crazy mass throughout the upper body. Especially if we're talking about his earlier years, I mean he had a really aesthetic look to his physique. And the early years he really almost had some leap priests like Biceps. I mean this guy had incredible arms. And then if you look at the package, he actually brought to the WBF. I think he brought a very impressive physique to the WBF. It was just something we didn't really get the chance to see on the Olympia stage on the IFB ever again. But the fact of the matter is this guy was impressive and this guy had it all. And I think a large part of why he became a forgotten bodybuilder was just simply that association with the WBF. And the IFB kind of just never let it go. Aside from that, it appears he did have a bicep injury later on in his career towards the end of his IFB career and that kind of hindered him a little bit. But for the most part, I think this guy's just an incredible bodybuilder, left the IFB and they weren't too happy about that. And as a result, I mean his legacy didn't really live on that strongly as being this remembered bodybuilder from the 90s. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick Strengthen Power signing out.