Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power. So I'm going to make another forgotten bodybuilder video. In this time, this video is going to be about a bodybuilder named Peter Selich. So it seems like the more forgotten bodybuilder videos that I do from bodybuilders from the 70s, the more bodybuilders that seem to come up, that have these very long careers in bodybuilding spanning four or five decades even. And Peter Selich is one of those. Beginning his competitive career in 1975 and competing all the way up until 2012, where he was in the 60 plus category at the age of 62. So some of these photos you're looking at right here is Peter Selich in his 60s. And then some of the older photos obviously are going to be Peter Selich. During the golden era and primarily in the 80s. So as is the case with most other forgotten bodybuilders, the primary reason that Peter Selich isn't that well known is because he didn't really come compete that much in America. Specifically, he didn't have much of a career in the IFBB. And typically the most well known golden era bodybuilders are either going to be from the IFBB or possibly even NABBA. Now even though Peter Selich didn't primarily compete in either of those federations, he still had a very impressive physique for the golden era. Specifically his conditioning and vascularity was arguably one of the best from the golden era. Again, the golden era guys are all great. They were smaller guys than they were today. But the conditioning, there were very few guys that really had that crazy shredded lean conditioning and that crazy vascularity. And I believe Peter Selich was one of them. Even though again he was a smaller guy. He didn't have as much muscle mass as a guy like Arnold Schwarzenegger. But his conditioning was certainly one of the best of that era. So I'm going to go through some of Peter Selich's titles here. He has over a dozen titles under his belt, a dozen major titles under his belt. Starting with the 1975 Yugoslavia Championships, 1976 Slovenian Championships, 1980 he won the Serbian Championships. Fast forward to 1994 almost 15 years later he would win the Yugoslavia Championships again. Fast forward to 2003 almost 10 years later he'd win the WFF World Championships in the WF European Championships in 2004, IVF A World Championships. Fast forward to 2010 or if you would have a crazy competitive year the Navinational Championships, the IFBB National Championships, the IFBB World Cup and you also won the WFF Mystery Universe Competition. And then he would win the IFBB World Championships in 2011 and 2012, 2012 being the better of the two years, winning both the Masters 50 plus category and the Master 60 plus category at the 2012 IFBB World Championships. So Peter Selich's competition weight in his younger years was about 213 pounds on stage or 97 kilograms with 19 inch arms or 48 centimeters and only a 34 inch waist or 86 centimeters. He has currently 68 years old and a couple other interesting facts about him. He actually became the IFBB president for Yugoslavia in 1977 and he has most known for winning a total of 10 World Championships over the course of his five decades spanning bodybuilding career. So currently at 68 years old he is the owner of a gym called Fitness Club Peter Selich. And here's a photo of Peter Selich. Now at age 68. So very impressive bodybuilder from the Goal Nera. Another guy that's just really inspirational in terms of the fact that he was able to maintain these gains over the course of a very long period of time. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.