Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so today I want to talk about another bodybuilding legend Francis Ben Fanto, aka Mr. Symmetry and specifically I want to talk about his ability to seemingly defy age. I mean this guy is 60 years old and he still has an incredible physique. And this is something that we seem to see more and more with the smaller guys with more classic physique and lines and not so much the mass monsters. Francis Ben Fanto being a guy that only weighed between 205 and 215 pounds on stage during his competitive career and he still maintains a very impressive physique even to this day. Now Francis had an incredibly long and storied bodybuilding career and then 1980s, 90s, 2000s and even as recently as competing in the 2012 Masters Mr. Olympia competition. Now Francis is probably best known for the title's one earlier in his career when he was younger. The 1982 Mr. France competition and the 1985 Mr. Universe competition and later on in his career during the 90s, his best placing at the Mr. Olympia will be seventh place in 1991. Now as you can see from these classic photos of Francis you can tell why they call it him Mr. Symmetry. His proportions and the balance of his physique was really his strong point in competitions. Not so much being a mass monster or a guy with a crazy amount of muscle but the lines are proportion in the symmetry where the strong points that really propelled him to victory and really high placing in many of the shows that he competed in. Now he would actually suffer from a peck tear later on in his career which would throw off the balance in symmetry of his physique and he would make a comeback at the age of 48 years old in 2006 to compete at the Australian Grand where he would actually do pretty well for a 48 year old guy competing in the open division placing sixth at that 2006 Australian Grand Prix again at almost 50 years old. Now unfortunately for Francis Ben Fato he really began to hit his stride in the early 90s. He signed his deal with Joe Weater in 1990 and Joe Weater told Francis that that 1991 Mr. Olympia where he placed seventh would be Francis' year but unfortunately for Francis as we all know the 1990s era of bodybuilding would become heavily focused on muscle mass and many mass monsters would come out of the woodwork in the 90s and start placing very very well including guys like Dorian Yates, Paul D'Alet, Nasrale, some body, Ronnie Coleman towards the end of the 90s. So the days of a smaller proportioned balance guy with good lines winning big shows like the Mr. Olympia those days were starting to come to an end and a whole new era in bodybuilding was starting to begin you know really right when Francis Ben Fato was at his best. Now currently Francis Ben Fato is 60 years old and the most recent posing video of him came out just about a year ago where he was 58 or 59 in this particular posing video looking absolutely incredible for a guy pushing 60 years old and one of the things that you tend to see with these guys that get older and still have these great physique is that really focus heavily on their posing and practicing hitting poses in that perfect classical way and that's one of those things that you can see with Francis Ben Fato in this video. He places a heavy emphasis on slow, very controlled and very artistic posing and this is something that I think you saw with Roy Lidlmire in the video that I did a day ago about Roy at age 62 still posing and still maintaining a very great classic looking physique. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up if you want to see more then and now videos on bodybuilders with classic physique that we're able to maintain them up until their later years. So thank you guys for watching the video next time of power signing out.