Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time The Power. So I'm going to make a video about the Arnold Schwarzenegger and Frank Zayn rivalry. I think this is one of the most fascinating rivalries in bodybuilding history because it's a clear example of size versus conditioning. In the fact that Arnold was nearly 40 to 50 pounds heavier than Frank Zayn on stage, but there was still an occasion where Frank Zayn would defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger. So one of the points I wanted to get to in this video is when a lot of people think of Arnold's famous rivalries, they tend to think of Arnold versus Sergio Oliva, or maybe even Arnold versus Lou Frigno as seen in Pumping Iron. But the interesting thing here is Arnold versus Frank Zayn actually predates his rivalry with both Lou Frigno and Sergio Oliva and also post dates. The rivalry of Sergio and the rivalry with Lou. So Frank Zayn's bodybuilding career actually goes a little bit further back than Arnold Schwarzenegger's. Frank Zayn was competing starting in 1961 with his first show ever being the Mr. Pennsylvania competition. And Arnold Schwarzenegger was starting competing about 40 years later in 1965. Now throughout the 60s, Frank Zayn was able to obtain a title that Arnold Schwarzenegger was never able to obtain and that would be the Mr. America title. So Frank Zayn would win that title three times in the 1960s, specifically the IFB Mr. America and not the AAU Mr. America. He would win that in 1966, 1967 and again in 1968. So the year 1968 would bring us to the year that the rivalry between Frank Zayn and Arnold Schwarzenegger started. Now again, Arnold would not appear at his first Mr. Olympia competition until 1969. So this actually predates any of Arnold's Olympia wins and any of his Olympia rivalries which would include Lou Frigno and Sergio Oliva. Now at this point in time, Arnold had only been beaten once on a bodybuilding stage. Now history will show that Arnold has only been beaten three times total on a bodybuilding stage. Now the 1968 IFB Mr. Universe would be one of those times. So in 1968 Arnold and Frank Zayn would go head to head. Arnold was much bigger than Frank Zayn, much fuller, much rounder. And again, just much bigger overall. But Frank Zayn was so much more conditioned than Arnold that despite being much smaller than him, he defeated Arnold and Arnold was expecting obviously to win this Mr. Universe. So this really sent Arnold back to the drawing board and it put Frank Zayn on the map for beating this guy that was significantly bigger than him and it really started the trend and set the bar higher for guys like Arnold. Okay, if we're going to win shows, we've got to have better conditioning. Clearly conditioning is something they're looking for. This Frank Zayn guy is beating guys that are significantly bigger than him because it's conditioning is so crazy. So it really set the bar higher for Arnold and then when he would make his first Olympia appearance in 69 and then into the 1970s, he would have much better conditioning than the conditioning that you would see from him throughout the 60s. So in my opinion, losing to Frank Zayn actually made Arnold a much better bodybuilder because after that defeat, he actually really never saw Arnold come in with conditioning that was off from that point forward. He had actually looked pretty well conditioned at every Olympia appearance he would make. And of course the following year Arnold would finally nap that IFB Mr. Universe win in New York in 1969 and that same year he would also win the NABA Mr. Universe over in London. And then in 1969 Arnold will compete in his first Olympia taking second to Sergio Oliva then in 1970 that would be the beginning of the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger which would last six years then of course he would come back in 1980 which I'm going to talk about in a minute because that's where the rivalry between him and Frank Zayn culminated was at that 1980 Mr. Olympia. So as I mentioned before Arnold would start competing in the Olympia in 1969 and he would compete through 1975. And Frank Zayn would begin competing at the Olympia in 1972. So despite the fact they were competing at the Olympia at the same time, the really fascinating thing here is that the two of them would actually never go head to head on the Olympia stage during that entire time from 70 to 75 where Arnold was competing because at this point in 1972 when Frank Zayn finally came over to the Olympia, they had implemented the over 200 and under 200 categories at the Olympia. So what this meant was everybody under 200 pounds of compete and then there would be a winner of that division. Everybody over 200 pounds of compete. There'd be a winner of that division and the winners of the both divisions, the over and under they would go head to head for the overall Mr. Olympia title. So from 1972 to 1976 Frank Zayn actually never won the over 200 division so he never had the opportunity to go head to head with one of the over 200 guys like Arnold. So even though they competed the same years, they didn't compete against each other those same years. So Arnold would retire in 1975 and then Frank Zayn would go on to play second at the 1976 Mr. Olympia in the under 200. Then from 1977 to 1979 he would win both the under 200 and the overall Mr. Olympia titles for three years in a row going into the 1980 Mr. Olympia. So the 1980 Mr. Olympia will probably go down in history as one of the most controversial Mr. Olympia's ever. If you guys want to see a more in-depth video on that, I've done a video on it called the most controversial Olympia. I mean, that's got close to a million views. So go check that out if you want to see more information about the 1980 Mr. Olympia. So in 1980 this would be the first time since 1968 that Frank Zayn and Arnold Schwarzenegger would go head to head. So it had been 12 years since these two guys were compared against each other on stage since that 1968 Mr. Universe competition. Many people expected the competition was going to be very, very close between Arnold and Frank Zayn because obviously Arnold was away in Hollywood while Frank Zayn was busy winning three Mr. Olympia titles. So many people thought this would kind of be a shoe and for Frank Zayn to win his fourth Mr. Olympia. But unfortunately Frank Zayn would have to recover from a life-threatening injury while training for this Olympia. But on the same token Arnold Schwarzenegger would only train for this Mr. Olympia for eight weeks. So not only did Arnold Schwarzenegger win the 1980 Mr. Olympia, but Frank Zayn would not take second, but he would take third. So Chris Dickerson actually beat Frank Zayn. Arnold Schwarzenegger beat Chris Dickerson. So the three-time Mr. Olympia going into the 1980 Olympia not only lost his title, but he moved all the way down the third despite the fact that he still looked pretty good. So Frank Zayn was actually so upset about this decision. He actually was said to have thrown his trophy against the wall backstage and broke it. And him and several other body builders boycott at the following year as Mr. Olympia and did not attend and did not compete. So in 1981, you would not see Frank Zayn, you would not see Boyer Co., you would not see Mike Menser. And that would be the year Frank O'Kalumbo came back and won his own Mr. Olympia. So really over the course of a 12 year rivalry, there was only two competitions where they actually went head to head. In 1968, Frank Zayn took the win of the Mr. Universe and a 1980 Arnold Schwarzenegger took the win of the Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to leave the voting up to you guys, which do you prefer Frank Zayn or Arnold Schwarzenegger since they are kind of tied one Mr. Universe versus one Mr. Olympia? So which physique do you guys prefer? Which bodybuilder do you guys prefer? Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.