What's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power zone. This video I wanted to compare the golden era of bodybuilding with the modern era of bodybuilding. Now of course there's a lot of things that I prefer about the golden era of bodybuilding to today's bodybuilding but there's actually a lot of things today that they are doing better and they did back in the 60s and 70s. Typically I think the changes made to the Mr. Olympia competition over the years specifically how you qualify for the Mr. Olympia is one of the biggest changes between the golden era of bodybuilding and the modern era of bodybuilding. I think it was actually a change that happened for the better. So in the early days of bodybuilding and in the early days of the Mr. Olympia competition Joe Weeder actually initially created the Mr. Olympia as a place for Mr. Universe competitors or Mr. Universe winners to compete and win money. So in the early days the only way to qualify for the Mr. Olympia was to be a winner of the Mr. Universe. So in many cases in the 60s and even the 70s there were Mr. Olympia competitions with three two or even only one competitor where the only person that showed up was the one that won at the Olympia. So a lot of those early years you could count the number of competitors on one hand and in some cases on one finger and that's one of the things that has changed dramatically over the years up until today's Mr. Olympia which I think is for the better in some cases you see you know 25 to 30 guys on the Olympia stage today there's much more ways to qualify and because of that I think the Mr. Olympia is much more interesting today and much more competitive today than it was back in you know the 60s and 70s. So to give you guys a little perspective on that in Arnold Schwarzenegger's first six Mr. Olympia wins from 1970 to 1975 when he would retire from bodybuilding he would only beat a total of seven different competitors to win those six titles. So some of the more recent years at the Mr. Olympia and one year there's three to four times that many competitors at the Mr. Olympia. So over a span of six years Arnold only had to be seven guys where's a guy like a Phil Heath or Ronnie Coleman might have to be 20 or 25, 26 just to win one show. Now of course that would change as time went on and Arnold came back in 1980 to win the Mr. Olympia and in that competition there were 16 competitors bringing Arnold's total to 20 total different competitors that he beat over the years. Now I'd say the main reason for this change number one more bodybuilders overall interested in bodybuilding and competing in bodybuilding thus more pro bodybuilders but also the way that you qualify for the Mr. Olympia today. So of course you automatically have the top five from the previous years of Olympia qualifying for the next years of Olympia then of course you also have the winner of each contest. So if you win a pro show you qualify for the Mr. Olympia and as we all know there's quite a few pro shows out there. So winning a pro show constitutes the vast majority of the people that you're going to see in the Mr. Olympia lineup today then you also have the opportunity for a select few guys the top three in the point standing so if you can compete a lot during the course of the year and whatever show it is really as long as you're placing and earning points with those placing you could technically qualify for the Olympia on points. So modern bodybuilding is not all bad. Of course I am a fan of the golden era and a lot of people look back to the golden era as the best time in bodybuilding but I think having the Mr. Olympia going from you got to win the Mr. Universe to compete at the Mr. Olympia. Having all these different opportunities for bodybuilders different paths for them to get to the Mr. Olympia. I think it's a much better way leads to a much more competitive lineup and overall is better for the Olympia in general. And then of course another major change from the golden era bodybuilding to today would be the fact that there's no rival organization to the IAPB really today. There's nothing really on the same level or even close to being the same level as the IAPB today. Whereas back in the day you had NAVA you had the AAU you had multiple other venues for professional bodybuilders to compete that weren't the IAPB and you don't have that today. So the IAPB is kind of a bodybuilding monopoly so to speak today. I don't know if that's for the better or for the worse that is one major change between the golden era and today. And of course back then you had the Mr. America titles and the Mr. USA titles. Both of those were under a different organization than the IAPB. Whereas today the Mr. America has became NPC Nationals and the Mr. USA has become the USA the NPC USA's. And as we know the NPC is the organization that basically feeds into the IAPB. So both of those competitions the Mr. America and the Mr. USA are gone and now fall under the banner of the NPC with the USA's and the Nationals. And then of course we have the main comparison that people like to talk about and that is the caliber of competitor from the 1970s the golden era bodybuilding versus the caliber of competitor today. And I'll say the primary difference between these two types of physics is going to be number one the type and amount of drugs that is used in bodybuilding because back then they did not have growth hormone they did not have peptides really they did not have insulin they basically had the basics and today you know obviously you know sports enhancement technology has you know vastly improved and evolved to the point where these guys have these crazy stacks and these guys are taking all kinds of stuff and back then it was really really simple and the knowledge of nutrition back then also was very very simple. Especially compared to the point that nutrition has gotten to today and as a result of this the main difference that we're seeing in the physics of the guys today and the guys in the golden era are that the physics today are simply bigger and whether that's a good thing or a bad thing I'll let you guys decide that a lot of the physics today are very impressive physics very muscular physics very heavy physics very thick very dense just a lot of size there and back in the day there's a lot more emphasis on lines structure aesthetics and posing and size wasn't necessarily that big of a factor of course they want to they want you to be one of the most muscular guys on stage if you're going to win one of these competitions whether it was back then or today but back then you did have a guy like Frank Zane winning three-mister Olympias against guys that were bigger than him you did have the over 200 and under 200 division at the Mr Olympia back in the and one of the things that I think was good about that separation is the guy that won the over 200 and the guy that won the under 200 would then go head to head for the Mr Olympia title and so they would win their technically weight class then they would go head to head for the technically overall title of Mr Olympia and of course Franco Colombo had the opportunity to do that 1976 giving him the overall victory at the Mr Olympia so not only did smaller guys win these shows but a large reason why they did was because they were given the opportunity to compete against someone that was obviously bigger than them and I thought that was a cool dynamic to the Mr Olympia back in the day compared to now of course nowadays you have two-12 bodybuilding but the winner of the two-12 and the winner of the men's open feel heath and flexed Lewis they don't go head to head for the Mr Olympia title so I thought that was a cool thing that they did back in the day I'm that you're just not going to see anymore so that brings me to another interesting point that I wanted to bring it up and that was about the posing back in the golden air bodybuilding I did mention that I thought the posing was better back then but I actually think that was out of default because back then like I said there were fewer competitors so the time that you did have on stage as a competitor was much more important it was much longer you had to make a much bigger impression and you had more time to do so keep in mind if the Mr Olympia is the biggest show of the year and you have two or three guys competing think about how important each of those three guys poses is because they want to stand out I mean there's only three guys on stage they want to give the audience a good show so nowadays when you have 20 25 30 guys in a division they don't have as much time to pose number one so I think the posing for those guys is a lot more rushed and they don't only have the opportunity to present themselves the same way the guys in the golden air did but again bodybuilding is very subjective it's all opinion based so whether you prefer the golden era of bodybuilding the physique back then or the physique's now nobody's really right or wrong I mean both physique's you could make an argument that either one is better because again it's very subjective and it's very opinion based and everybody has their own opinion on what they like in bodybuilding and that brings me to the final and what I think is probably the most important difference between the golden era of bodybuilding and the modern era of bodybuilding and that is social media back in the golden era fans really didn't have that much opportunity to interact with their favorite bodybuilders they had to write them letters or send them fan mail the accessibility just wasn't there and I think as a result bodybuilding remained a very niche sport for a very long time it's only a select group of you know hardcore fans that really followed bodybuilding and went to bodybuilding shows and went to whatever meet and greet there might have been and bodybuilding stayed very limited because it wasn't really so much in the mainstream eye and I personally think social media today is the reason why body building has blown up to the point that it has there can be channels like mine or a Louis Marko or an RX muscle channels that cover bodybuilding and this is the reason why I think the magazine's died and that's a major difference between you know the golden era and now is these guys in the golden era we're banking on getting a magazine contract or being on the cover of a magazine or being featured in a magazine advertising a product where as today the landscape has completely shifted and these guys the focus of being a bodybuilder is how can you best market yourself on instagram on twitter on facebook on youtube how can you get the most followers and get a supplement company dispenser you based on how many followers you have and again you can make an argument for whether or not that's good or whether not that's bad but I think overall social media has been good for body building it's provided a lot of opportunity to reach new fans and to reach the mainstream I think channels like mine and bodybuilding channels in general that cover bodybuilding are great for bodybuilding I get comments all the time on this channel saying hey you know I had no interest in bodybuilding before I saw one of your videos I click subscribe and ever since I've been watching you know all the coverage that you do on bodybuilding competitions and I developed a fascination with the sport of bodybuilding now I watch every single show and I know the winners of you know the new York pro or the Toronto pro or any given small show whereas before your channel I didn't even know what the Mr. Olympia was so I think social media now has brought bodybuilding to an entirely new audience because a lot of new people can be exposed to it via social media and I think that's great for the sport more fans is more revenue and I think that's going to lead to a better IFB be a better Mr. Olympia as a show and a better quality of competitor in the long run. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below which do you think was a better time for bodybuilding in general and I'm not just talking about the quality of the physique I'm talking about the organizations the competitions and the level of competition in general so let me know in the comment section below please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of a power signing out