Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So a week ago I published a video titled The Strongest High Schoolers of 2018. I made that video based on essentially a survey done by the USA Weightlifting Organization. They surveyed all these schools and they had these schools submit videos of their strongest students during the bench press, the squat, and a power clean. They tell it up those results and came up with a top 10 list for the males and the females of each school. And then they published those lists as the strongest high schoolers of 2018. So after I posted this video I had several people commenting, I'm in high school and I can bench press 500 pounds, 600 pounds, all these unsubstantiated claims. So I came up with the idea of owner to find the strongest high school lift ever, and each of the respective lifts. So in this video we're going to talk about the strongest high school bench press. And in particular the strongest high school bench press that I could find. So the best bench press that I could find performed by a high schooler. We have to go back to 2013 for that. So Matt Porsal-Tani, 18 years old in 2013, standing 5 foot 11 and weighing roughly 271 pounds. Bench pressed 700 pounds while wearing a bench shirt. So it wasn't a raw lift, but keep in mind we're talking about a 700 pound bench press by a high schooler. Now even more impressive possibly was the year before that he set the record at 570 pounds at the age of 17 years old. So he broke his own record, improving his bench press by 130 pounds in just one year's time. And unlike some of the power lifters mentioned in the strongest high schooler of 2018 video, we actually do have video events of this lift being performed. And it was done in a sanctioned meat. It was judged. It was witnessed. It was recorded. This is an official high schooler bench pressing 700 pounds. Now to put that in perspective back in 2013, the bench press world record for the raw bench press was only 722 pounds. And the biggest bench press ever with a bench press shirt was set by Ryan Kennedy in 2008. And that was a 175 pound bench press. But both of these guys that set these bench press records were guys with decades more lifting experience than this high schooler. And almost 100 pounds in some cases more than 100 pounds heavier than him. Most of them weigh in close to 400 pounds if not over 400 pounds. This kid weighing 271 pounds. With only a couple of years of lifting experience under his belt. Making this one of the most impressive high school feats of strength that I've ever seen. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about this 700 pound bench press. Please give this video a thumbs up if you want to see more power lifting videos and strength sports videos. Thank you guys for watching this video. Next time from Power, signing out.