Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video I want to answer the question of how strong was Rich Piano really? Now for those of you that don't know, Rich Piano was one of the most followed, viewed and popular body builders within the fitness industry on YouTube, Instagram, his numbers were higher than pretty much anybody else's. fitness was equal probably one of the most well known and recognizable physics in the industry. Just due to the crazy size of his arms and the tattoo's covering his body and then he would start one of the most recognized brands in the industry being 5% which really led to the movement of becoming freaky and this kind of tattoo side of body building. And he really did develop a cult following but the question is how strong was he really? He obviously looked the part but did Rich Piano's crazy physique actually translate to crazy strength. Now one of the first factors we need to look at when determining how strong somebody really was was there heightened weight and how that compares to how much it could lift in terms of relative strength to their body weight. So first we look at Rich Piano's weight as a body builder. Now even though Rich Piano was famous for his physique all the way up until his untimely death in 2017 he actually has not competed since 2009 but back when he did compete his competition weight was roughly 270 pounds or 122 kilograms. So at that body weight Rich Piano was roughly 185 cm tall or roughly just over six foot. So for comparison purposes to his most recent physique here some photos from his body building days back in 2009 he really didn't look that bad he actually looked pretty impressive. He could have been a little bit more conditioned but overall at 270 pounds a pretty impressive body builder especially for someone in the amateur ranks. But I think the most relevant number to look at here is going to be Rich Piano's off season weight because that's where we saw him most typically on his YouTube channel and when he was making these training videos where he showcased how strong he actually was. Specifically you guys might remember the series he did called bigger by the day I believe his goal weight in that series was to get to 330 pounds. So this was a guy that was able to achieve at some point a 300 plus pound physique in the off season but his typical offseason weight was about 290 pounds or 131 kilograms. So now we've got Rich Piano stats out of the way. Let's talk about how strong Rich Piano actually was. Now it's important to remember here Rich Piano was never a power lifter. He was always a guy that was training for body building and training specifically to build his physique. So the numbers that we do have for Rich Piano there's only a one rep max on one of the lifts and that is the deadlift. So this particular set of numbers comes from an interview that Rich Piano did with massivejoes.com and in this interview he gave his best lifts for the bench press squat deadlift and also the barbell curl. So for the bench press Rich Piano never claimed to have a one rep max but he did say his best on the bench press was 495 pounds or 225 kilograms for three reps. Now his best squat he claims to have been 585 pounds or 265 kilograms for a double or two reps and then of course the one rep max that he claims on the deadlift is 265 kilograms or 585 pounds on the deadlift. So a pretty impressive deadlift by Rich Piano. And the final lift given on this list I'm a little bit skeptical of this because I know how hard it is to do a heavy curl. He claims to have 275 pounds barbell curl or 125 kilograms for three reps. So almost a 300 pound curl for three reps. I don't know how realistic that number is but that is the number that Rich Piano gave in this interview. Now the other lifts I think they're very feasible and probably something that was very possible for somebody of Rich Piano's size. And I'll be also with you guys. I'm actually pretty impressed with the 585 pound deadlift by Rich Piano. Now it is worth mentioning in this video that towards the end of his career there was a little bit of controversy with people claiming that Rich Piano would bring fake weights to the gym specifically for filming purposes to make his YouTube videos look a little bit more impressive and look a little bit more intense. Now whether or not that is actually true I'm still inclined to believe most of these numbers that he gave out because he did say in that interview these were numbers that he achieved at his prime of his strength. So probably the version of Rich Piano that we saw on YouTube was an aging version of Rich Piano. It probably wasn't Rich Piano at the prime of his strength. And as we saw from those videos he was a big fan of using the cables. I'm doing a lot more isolation style movements again focused on isolating the body part and building the body part and not so much a heavy focus on achieving strength. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and found it interesting on a hope it answered the question for you guys of how strong Rich Piano was. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.