Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's Run to Power, so I'm going to make a video about the bodybuilder that I feel is the most improved bodybuilder of 2018. And that bodybuilder is going to be a rolling winkler. Now, rolling winkler recently won the 2018 Arnol Classic Australia, beating William Bonak and Dexter Jackson. Now, this was a massive victory for rolling winkler's career, both in the fact that he beat two major guys the Olympia that he doesn't typically beat on the Olympia stage in William Bonak and Dexter Jackson. But also because he was arguably in the best shape of his entire career, not only was his conditioning very good, but his stomach was noticeably smaller if not a strong point compared to years ago 2014-2015, where he was famously kind of criticized and ridiculed for the fact that his stomach was so big to the point where Arnol's swords and egg are himself even mentioned it. And really even said in his victory speech at the Arnol Australia that one of his driving motivational forces to win that show was in the back was mined, all he could think of was Arnol talking about his stomach. So that was his motivation to bring it down and actually win the Arnol Classic Australia. He didn't do too bad at the Arnol Classic Ohio as well. Coming in fourth at the Arnol Classic in Columbus behind William Bonak, Dexter Jackson and Sedritt Mimilin. But his conditioning was so markedly improved in Australia. He would move up to beat both Dexter and William for an impressive victory in and of itself. But rolling winklers impressive 2018 Arnol Australia win raises two major questions. Number one, and I think this is a very fair question, and that is can-rolly winkler win the Mr. Olympia. And the second question would be, how did Rolie bring down his waist such a considerable amount in such a short amount of time? So I'm going to go and reverse order here and answer the second question first, how did Rolie winkler bring down the size of his waist? So the answer to that question, there's two answers. Number one, Rolie winkler said he spent a lot of time focusing on his posing, or he would control the gut during his posing. But number two, and I think this is the most significant factor, is the fact that Rolie winkler has been wearing a waist trainer all throughout the off season. Now there's a lot of controversy as to whether or not waist trainers actually work, but it appears in Rolie winkler's case. It has worked because there's certainly a massive difference in Rolie winkler's physique to the point where his midsection is almost a strong point for him now. To where as before, it was like a glaring criticism, but now, you know, the size of his upper body, the freaky mass that he carries, for him to have a waist as small and as controlled as it appears on stage now. That's actually a very strong point for Rolie, and it makes his physique that much more aesthetic gives him that much more of a taper, and enhances the illusion of the size of his upper body, not that he needs much illusion because he is a massive upper body to begin with. But I think that small waist is a very serious factor in determining whether or not he's going to be able to win the Mr. Olympia. So to answer the first question, could Rolie winkler win the Mr. Olympia, I think honestly it's a possibility that he could, but I think in all likelihood, he's probably not going to, and here's why, from an upper body standpoint from the front. Rolie winkler is very, very good, but there's one major flaw from the front, and that is the leg separation that he doesn't have in his quads. His quads just never really seem to have that degree of separation that seems to be very impressive. Although they do seem to carry the size, the separation just doesn't really seem to be there in Rolie's quads, and I think on stage, compared to the freakyness of his upper body, that kind of, you know, weakens his physique a little bit. And the second weak point I would say is going to be Rolie winkler's back. If you look at Rolie's back shots, in particular the back double bicep, you can see why his back is a weakness. There's just a certain degree of density, size, and detail, missing from Rolie winkler's upper back, and his lower lads really almost seem non-existent. So when you put Rolie up against a top Olympia guy, say, Phil Heath, who is, you know, basically one of the masters of the back double bicep, it's going to prevent Rolie from really winning or beating Phil Heath because he can't really win those back poses against Phil, even if Phil came in completely off, I think Rolie would have a very hard time beating Phil, just because I think nine times out of ten, he's going to lose those back shots to Phil. Now if Rolie somehow were able to bring up the size of his back, but it doesn't seem like he is able to because he hasn't so far, then I would think he would be a serious threat to Phil Heath's title, because the back I think is the major key to Rolie beating Phil. Everything else I think is pretty complete, especially considering the fact that Phil has been struggling with his waist, and Rolie seems that perfected it, that's a major point in Rolie's favor, and Rolie is one of the few guys with the upper body, the arms, the shoulders, the pecs, to rival the roundness and fullness of a guy like Phil Heath in those similar body parts. So can Rolie win the Mr. Olympia? I think yes he can, but no it's probably not likely, and how did he reduce the size was waste? Well it's simple, a waste trainer. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video, please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it, and the strength of power signing out.