Alright guys, so if you guys aren't familiar with this Steve Ku-Klo, I have to be pro. He recently placed fifth at the 2018 Arnold Classic and also just won the 2018 Indie pro. So how you doing brother? Doing great man. I'm been loving the stuff you've been putting out and appreciate all the cover you got. I think that's really good for the sport, good for the fans and what you put out is really well thought out and very informative. And I think a lot of people, you don't have questions about the sport and that's why I wanted to sit down and talk to you guys and especially you and put out some good stuff. Absolutely man, I really appreciate it. I want to talk to you a little bit about your hiatus that you took following the 2016 Olympia correct? Yes. So 2016 Olympia took 16th place and from that point on you kind of disappeared for a little bit. We didn't really see you on stage until you aren't a classic. So I want to talk a little bit about why you took that hiatus and what you were busy doing. There's a few reasons. I think the main reason was probably to make improvements on my physique. It just takes time. Every time you prep for a show and you're calorie restricted, you're not going to make the appropriate changes training wise. You know, you're training suffers a little bit when you die it. So, you know, I train hard year round and I'm not one of those guys that just trained before show. So I wanted to take the time to really let my body mature. I'm 32 now which I've been competing since I was 18 and you know, I'm starting to see my body mature more and you know, and they say you know muscle maturity and I think it's just conditioning of your muscle year after year. You know, some people are generic freaks and have paper thin skin and could put muscle on like crazy, but you know, I guys at like us we got a work hard and you know, which I love to do love the lift hard. So I took the time to really, you know, put put the effort in and a gym. Make sure I was eating really good and you know, I think that was probably the biggest thing. And then we also had some business ventures going my wife and I. And we did, you know, we were on Shark Tank and we have the booty queen of parallel business that's really taken off and and that needed a lot of attention to and and anytime when it comes to prep. If you have to be 100% you know, it's all in or you can't you'll never be 100% on stage. So it was important to me to make sure that I have full focus and I decide on the Arnold and I haven't done it like the aisle Arnold yet as as my target show because to me that that's one of the biggest shows. Never done it and and it gave me the time and in the part of the year that I like to compete to kind of get ready to hopefully get that qualification for Olympia and go and click the yo. So on that same note, you were a firefighter correct and you're no longer a firefighter. So how big of a role did provotty button playing your decision to lead firefighting. That was probably the primary reason, you know, I think to be a provotty builder obviously. That you have a window of opportunity and I felt that I had to be all in in order to you know capitalize on what was a front of me. I think. You know being a firefighter I love it and I have you know of anything I miss the guys they asked me to miss it. I said, well, I don't miss being up 24 hours and and not sleeping and missing meals and stuff like that and you know, you cortisol is probably higher and there's probably you know parts of the year. And through my training throughout my years I suffered a little bit because of that. You know working for Dallas, part of our room, very busy city and it. You know, I think the the time that I have now to focus on being a professional bodybuilder in running businesses and doing stuff with my wife and I. It really just allows me the time and I was more stress trying to manage time. So it's it's a good thing. So which aspect of your physique would you say needed the most improvement between 2016 and 2018. I think one of the things was kind of balancing out my condition a little bit. And that was because my lower body was just pretty hard and fairly quick when it comes to property was just kind of conditioning my upper body more. And that came with that mutt maturity and kind of that time training and I felt like I filled out some areas a little more that you know, we're maybe a little bit behind. I think one of the things that I I hate to work, but I kind of pride myself upon as as a with my physique is a pretty balanced and a pretty symmetrical. So I don't have any glaring like super strong points like, oh, guys like all arms or whatever, but I don't feel like I have any super weak points, but I think I wanted to fill out a little bit through my back and trust and. And I was able to accomplish that and I know I still got to I think we're a hardest critics to the bodybuilders. So we have to continue to always improve and always work on striving to to get better. So one of the things that I see in the comment section the most about your physique is your calves people seem to think yeah, these great calves. So I wanted to talk a little bit about your calf training how many days a week your favorite exercises, whatever. You know what like it was kind of funny because I train calves throughout my early bodybuilding career regularly and genetically I have gifted calves my my moms side the polish side of my my bloodline has a has big calves. So they're genetically one of the body parts that just kind of there for me, but you know obviously you train them they're going to get better. So and then I went a while where I didn't really train calves and then this year I started working with Gina Davis is my trainer giving me my workouts and she she's like you're going to go to start training your calves again and I'm like okay. So I said you know I hit them twice a week. I usually hit them like after a body parts say after arms or after something is not super taxing I'll do maybe six or eight sets twice a week now and they're actually they're growing again, which which I see them and I'm like. I look kind of cool because they always seem like a pump because I'm always I'm training them now more frequently. But you can I think calves are something that's neglected in the sport and I think it's it's definitely something that completes a physique but it's cool to have some big calves too. Definitely. So what would you say is the number one thing you change to bring your conditioning to the level that it was at at the Arnold class because I got to say you were one of the best condition guys on that stage and that was certainly a standout point for you. So what would be the number one thing you switched up or that you could have you that do. I thought that was one of the things I needed to improve and bring to the stage in order to improve my placing because you know I felt like I have the tools to make it all work and. I think the biggest thing that I did this prep. You know it's very similar to what I've done before working with George Farrah he really isn't too with my body and if I was to prep myself it's what I tell people like George does what I would do about as a prep myself so I'm very confident and very trusting in what he tells me. But the you know he's very good at taking me to have enough food without overfeeding me and then not underfeeding me where I just get flat and then you're trying to play catch up with your diet. So he plays that fine line of of just enough calories to kind of hold you above water and then because obviously the goal when you're preparing is to try to maintain all this muscle we've put on and reduce the body fat and that's that's everybody's goal and I think the trickiest thing to do when it comes to the sport. But one of the other also one of the other things was that last week the peak week I think a lot of people. Kind of depend on that last week but for me I always thought I was ready going into the last week but I never really pulled a trigger enough the last. I'm going to say five six years of my body doing the career to really say eat enough to get on you know because. You get a little bit mental you get a little bit kind of man I don't know if I should eat all this it's not you know I have many this much in my in my prep and and when you're the last few days your bodies just you know your metabolism's racing. Your you're you're you know and a body that's 275 280 pounds you really have to feed the muscle because it's one that's going to be burning it but to you're trying to store like it's you're trying to fill up and fill out as they say and it just took so much food that. And then I said you know Thursday Friday going into the Arnold I said you know what let's go for broke I said I'm eating my ass off and I said we're going to. And I did I mean I eat probably you know the most food I did going into the show and it really helped my body pop I think you know it's finally full and the full right in the heart right. I'm flat I look like I'm not in shape and I've always felt like I've been in in pretty much stage ready condition almost every show. But I think that that fullness was lacking and if that lacks on me I look flat I look like. I'm not in shape you know so. That's kind of one of the things I made that made the biggest difference. So that was your first arm of a high or what did you think when you saw that line up going into the show one of the most competitive lineups arguably ever at that Arnold. I mean where you discouraged when you saw who was competing or you know it's doing the Olympia before several times it kind of it was just like okay this is an Olympia quality line up it's the top five guys from Olympia almost were there and. And it really you know if anything it made me even work harder like not going to go and innocent okay you know I could lock in a top five record lock in a top three no problem like. And you I don't think I would have the tendency to to neglect or back off my training at all but it definitely pushed me knowing you know guys like Dexter and Rolie and William and said Rick were all going to be you know in the mix it made me you know make sure I was going to be 100%. So how does you feel about your placing I think you could have placed a little bit higher honestly. I'm with you I think a lot of people are with you. You know I'm happy with the placing I think you know I love I love getting I think one of the things that really drives me as a buyability when you kind of go through all this prep and you get on stage. I really love kind of band one and out on stage getting in that call out and you know getting through the poses and I mean it's it's growing because I mean you're up there the lights are hot. You know everybody's depleted and and dehydrated and everybody's you know kind of hurt and but to me it's like who's got enough heart it's like at that point it's hard. It's not necessarily who's the best it's like man who's ready to pose and give it your all squeeze your heart and to me that's what. That's one of the most enjoying things to to getting into competing is that so getting that first call out was huge for me. I was just super excited and you know just happy that I was able to get that call out and you know I'm not I'm not really upset at all. In a bad way to say you know I should have placed higher all those guys are amazing. I mean the things and and looked great but I know the you know next year I'm just going to keep working my way up and eventually get to the top. So the indie pro man what made you decide to do that show is the show that no one really ever heard of before it's the first year they were doing the show what made you decide to go ahead and jump in that show and pick up the win. Right right you know I thought about the Arnold Australian we were tossing that one around and I think just financially to get over there. It was just going to be you know very expensive to try to tell Australia and spend like a week out there stuff so we just decided you know what's next in the lineup and it's kind of. Like a better words kind of sucks that there's not a lot of pro men open body building shows you know I agree. I think from like the Arnold to Olympia there's maybe about seven or eight qualifying shows so it kind of it definitely puts a limit to. What you can do and be able to qualify so you have to be strategic in my opinion of what. You know what you need to do lining out your shows and even as an amateur I tell people this you know if you can do shows within three four five weeks of each other. You know you're in shape you're not kind of dragging out that condition you're not trying to hold the condition you know if anything each each couple weeks you can maybe get a little bit better. And that's what I felt I did for the indie was just kind of tweak tweak a few things you know just polish up I felt like I was even even able to improve condition a little bit and that's kind of what I felt about a whole week period going to the indie being the inaugural show. I felt like man this this could be a good show you know you don't know who's going to be competing you know you don't know if the guy from the Australia you're going to say yeah I'm going to do indie too right now. So you know I wasn't going to go in and I wasn't going in the show because I got this locked you know and even after pre judging I'm not like I'm a winner you know I'm a problem like I'm like until I got to trophy my hand it's not over. Right. So how do you feel about second place man Charles Griffin he surprised the hell out of me I think he looked great I didn't expect that at all. You know I saw a lot of videos and stuff you know comes up on Instagram your four page of Charles training and and like just do the beast you know and. I felt you know I feel like size pound for pound I could hang with anybody in the sport you know I think I'm just a bigger frame guy. I think a lot of people are when they see picture of me and then they see me personally like your way bigger and person that kind of get that all the time you know so when I get on stage I could kind of expose people a little bit and and let my structure. You know outside that person and if I have the condition to go with it. I'll be able to hopefully beat them but Charles looked great you know and I saw him backstage I'm like this dude's thick and and. You know he was up there he was battling it out and I think it was it was we had a really good top call out at that show I think those guys. There's a lot of potential a lot of them and some of those are you know contenders to really not going to door of a top 10 in Olympia. What did you weigh on stage at the end? I was pretty big you know I think I was in the mid to 70's probably 275 just 76. Okay. You know I you know I the india same deal as I did for the Arnold that I said you know what we had a formula that worked for the Arnold. Food wise and I said let's let's do it again for the india you know so I even probably being a one day show which the Arnold was a one day show but having a little bit earlier pre judging versus like. You know I think noon or whatever we were on the Arnold it you have the time things differently so obviously you know I was up real early in the morning. That of the morning of the show like 4. Yeah, you know eating a meal and trying to get two or three meals a day before I get on stage versus I kind of getting up at a normal time and then you have in the time to get on stage so you just have to just things to. You know your body and I think you know getting and and he was a great opportunity for me to showcase what I could do. So what are your plans for the rest of the year and now that you qualify for the Olympia obviously are you going to compete in any other shows or just shut it down till the oh. I'm the plan right now is to shut it down for the oh. I think you know the the prep for the Arnold in the india was was a good prep I mean you beat yourself up so I can use a little bit of rest we got a family vacation coming up to the cobble here next week and. I'm going to enjoy a little bit of downtime but I think you know I'll be ready to start really putting a focus on and and Olympia focus training you know come June and and that's kind of one of the things is is allowing. Kind of getting that qualification and then allowing the time to grow a little bit be you know right after that show. And then from there. Get ready for the out and try to bring an even improved package to Olympia so what are your expectations going into the Olympia play things wise where you see yourself realistically I know everyone goes to win but realistically where would you like to see yourself in the play things. You know my birthday placing at Olympia is knife place and. I'm going to definitely beat that but I think you know coming off the top five of you on coming off a good win kind of creates a moment for you and you know it my goal is just going to be in the top six or seven guys and. To me body building is not necessarily a sport that you know it's kind of like this this team has got a lot to the best team in the lead and win like. You never know who's who's going to show up somebody get six somebody get hurt you know that's happened a few times and so sometimes the door opens up and it's it's there for you for the taken so. I always you know I always try to be. Get 100% make sure I'm ready to do it no matter what and who shows up. I'm curious to hear a pro body but it's perspective on this so the 2017 Olympia how did you feel about the results fill he beating big ramen. I there was a lot of controversy on that and you know big ramen brought a freaky packet you have to totally different physics you know obviously you're going to judge sport. You're going to have judges are going to favor one physique over another one one kind of style over another. Romney kind of brings that freak factor that is you know kind of undeniable size like this is in this is crazy. Phil obviously brings a lot prettier physique and and that is you know he's very well conditioned he's a great bodybuilder obviously mr. Olympia seven times so. I think you kind of really have to beat the current champ versus just kind of hey I look as good or you know we were about tied they're always going to give it to the champ that way. So do you think you can beat big ramen if you come in 100% conditioned and ramen doesn't. I think if that's the case I think you know Romney's got some freak body parts no doubt but I think if I bring 100% package if the conditions there I make some improvements to not Olympia. I think it's a sure possibility I mean I'm going to believe it I'm going to talk positive I'm going to confess that I I'm going to be mr. Olympia I'm not going to train to be six plays I'm going to train to be first place. I agree with your man I think conditioning when shows in the package that you brought at the Arnold man I think that could have won you know show like the Olympia had the other guys not come in with equal conditioning. So you look great man. Thank you. Thank you man. So you are married to an IMPB pro Amanda Latona so talk to us a little bit about what that's like just both of you guys being pros. That's that I would say it's a 10 on earth you know my wife is we're like very much the same and and. The fact that we are you know she understands me almost better than I understand myself at times and and. So she understands the parts of prep in the the lack of energy and she's never like you know I want to go out how come you tired how come you're dieting like she's totally cool and I say you know I get it you know she made a lot of sacrifice to and. I'm truly blessed as a man to find such an amazing woman like we really you know we don't have arguments we're not we're not ego driven people were you know I'm right you're all kind of thing and and you know we have great communication and we it's it's true love and I think. And if anybody that follows us online knows that you know we're we're very much in love and very you know we love spending time together we have businesses together we travel together with all max and it's I think it's just I couldn't have picked the better woman. I think the say good thing to say is it true you guys actually met at the Olympia. We actually met at the Olympia yeah we. Yeah it's just kind of make it a long story short you know that there was a meet and greet night for the fans. And and I secretly I mean I think everybody in the industry had a crush in my wife at one point but you know she was a flex model the kitty search winner and. That cover that kind of one of the most famous flex covers and I remember seeing that long time ago I was like man she's she's amazing you know but I was like I never ever chance with a woman like that you know but. You know I was we were all at the meeting greet I was going to the restroom when I saw her and I was like I'm just going to stop and say hi and introduce myself and her mom was there and I actually talked to her mom for us introduced myself and. And then I she kind of turned and looked at me and she's like wow you look amazing and I was like I don't know say this but I mean. You look amazing or. So we. We kind of connected you know obviously there was like that chemistry right off the bat that you just kind of seeing someone's eyes and then. It was kind of cool girl that was in line to see to see my wife. She she's like oh my god my two favorite pros let me get a picture so to this day we're still looking for that picture that we took at the overview we met but we have a found but I think overall you know that that's set the. The framework to keep me I had pursue my wife a little bit I went overseas on a tour. I'm like I don't have a number I kind of did the bonehead thing didn't get a phone number and I was like shit what do I do. I said her Facebook message and I just ten as was just myself just cool and I said you know it's that's connecting. And she said near a number we started talking I flew out for a date for a lunch date and I said I'm going to fly in in the morning cloud at night I just want to meet you you know for lunch we would see if this is the real deal. And you know the few shots of the killer later I think we were both like you know what we would get married right now and we look at it today. If we got married our first date we would have been totally happy so. So speaking of flex magazine even on the cover of a few flex is how do you feel about the fact there's not going to be a flex magazine anymore starting in May. It's a little bit it's kind of melancholy you're like man like that's the magazine I grew up with reading and and kind of the icon of muscle magazines to me I'm actually still a flex athlete they resigned in March. And I think that knowing that they're going to be discontinuing flex but they're kind of combining what I know muscle and fitness and flexing who want so muscle is going to be muscle and fitness and they're going to have a flex section into the magazine kind of roll it in. So I think it might be a good thing you might get more exposure to kind of a mainstream audience somebody that's not you know not likely to pick up a flex that's got a muscle and fitness and saying hey this guy looks good right I could become a fan of this guy just kind of get to know some more people and that's I think. The biggest thing you can do is a bodybuilder and your own brand is to get exposure to all kinds of people and hopefully get more fans that way. So you still have the opportunity to be on the cover of a magazine like muscle and fitness or did they typically go with more downsize guys for that. I'm straight up. I hope I get a cover I think that'd be really cool I think I have a physique and I look that is could be a little bit more mainstream than freaky intimidating. That I think a guy can look at and say hey you know your goals. I don't look like that guy. You know I think we all train regardless of your in a physique competition or classic physique or bodybuilder y'all true. We all train to be as big as in baddest as we can be. You know obviously there's the genetic limitations and different things that come into that that role but I think we all train to be. But like that Arnold statue that we see or you know like I think everybody that's in a gym of seeing in Arnold picture or magazine. I don't look like that guy. So you know it's one thing to have some abs and a good chest and arm but to be a bodybuilder and have muscle all over that that's that's the beach guide cartoon you know the comic that it's everybody's goal. So you're wearing the make body doing great again sure talking to me a little bit about the inspiration for that brand. You know obviously it could be a little bit controversial but my whole point to do it was people kept saying bodybuildings dying bodybuilding you know it's going away and and physique's taking over and all this stuff and I'm like it's not dying. Bodybuilding has been always good but you know obviously with President Trump and the way the slogan has been lightly the make America great again. I was like well make bodybuilding great again. Let's let's promote it. Let's make it bigger. Let's you know put the ziques out there that people want to see and and that was kind of my my thought process behind make bodybuilding great again. So what's your role in your wife company booty queen apparel you guys run it from home and you do you help a fill orders do you come up with a zines yourself or. I am I run the back in as I said a chart. I kind of I'm more of an operations manager to where you know I kind of make sure that everything is running. I'm just about to be on the way between logistic wise that you know the customer service is you got questions or things we make sure that's going. Make sure the websites are running and updated and that kind of stuff my wife is the really the inspiration and the brains behind the brand. She does the designs and you know descriptions and the marketing and that's her so we got a really good plan you know I'm not like. I'm going to take the steering wheel and dictate where it goes and I just like enjoy the part of running the company on the back is you know and we have a great team we work with and that's you know one of the things I think. You know actually one of the guys that works for us at the health me with my social media and very queen social media. I'm going to mention his name because he's a big fan of you and he was like he was one of kind of said you guys need to do something something that's a great idea so that's why he's inspiration of why we're here right now. Thank you Austin I appreciate that man. So you guys did get a deal on shark tank did you notice a noticeable difference in the company before and after the deal with the input given by a damon or damon. Definitely you know getting out shark tank they say you have about a five the six million reached that initial bearing that you know there's a lot of people to get to see you and I think it's. It was a great exposure for us. I think that that kind of just kick starts anything you're trying to do brand wise product wise just getting on that show. But you know we we were kind of strategic of really wanting to get with like damon or lorry because they're both in the in the retail industry they both are in a peril and they would be the ones that would help kind of. Take our brand in the next level and when damon through is the offer I was like this is who we want this is great I think it's you know it's going to be it's awesome so. I'm really good job he's helped us plug into some new you know manufacturers which that's probably 70% of the battle when it comes to a a parallel company's find the people that can make which you won't want to do. I mean we're not a company that can open up our factory and do all this stuff you know we like I said we run out of our house and we have a small team that we work with then we have a warehouse and adjusted company that does our fulfillment now and we used to do it out of our house everything but as the company grows. right you discuss on economy has your wins 10,000 definitely everything that represents the market course you know enabling local restaurants cheap and the of tools that normally it is love that it has been something that actually were being able to connect to some other companies. to get the fitness industry targeted. But to get on Dr. Oz, like that would have took a lot of work. And I don't think that it would have been a lot of kind of emails and pestering, but it's, you know, Damien says, hey, I got a company I want to talk about fitness stuff. I'm going to talk about booty clean for a little bit. So it's stuff like that that he's been really helping us with. So I want to talk about cars for a minute. You've got a 2003 Cobra. So tell us a little bit about that and some of the modifications you've made to it. I know you're a Corvette guy. So I got a little more Corvette to American. To me, they're the two American badass cars. And a big fan of the vet and your car and stuff. So, you know, I've always been a Mustang guy. And when I was 18, I got a Cobra. And I was after a few years, a sold it. And it's like, well, those cars, you just never wish you sold. And for my 30th birthday, I bought a 2003 Cobra. And it's the Terminator, like one of the supercharged Cobra. It was, it's probably one of the most iconic Mustangs out there that people kind of recognize. So I'm a little bit of a need for speed and joy. It's in my adrenaline rush and enjoy some horsepower. So, you know, I had the car at about 800 horsepower. And then the motor had some issues. So I just said, you know, let's go for that thousand mark. So why not? No, it's been a process of getting in building a big single-turbo motor car. And it's going to be all of a thousand or more horsepower. So it's cool. I mean, I'm not a guy that goes to the drag strip every weekend, but I like to cruise and it's going to be a good driver. And occasionally, you know, we'll go to the strip and go test it and have some fun. Any plans to get any other cool cars in the near future? You know, I don't know. There's a lot of new Mustangs come out pretty sharp. I love the new vent that ZR1. If I had the money, I'd probably go buy that ZR1. They just came out that broke a lot of records. I have my truck, which I love. That's another vehicle. I have kind of tripped out to it's 2015, F250. And that almost makes 700 horsepower and like 1400 foot pounds of torque. My truck could kind of hang with a lot of, say stock at 5.0 Mustangs or stock Corvette. It could go nose to nose with them. So it's kind of funny when you got a 7,000 pound truck that could hang with the fast sports car. Absolutely. Well, sweet man, I know you got to get going. I appreciate you coming on. It's been a pretty good interview, man. I really appreciate it. We've got to do something else in the near future, man. Absolutely, man. We've got to do some more stuff. Again, I appreciate the content you put out, man. You're awesome. I'm a big fan of what you're doing. And I think you have a lot of fans that appreciate it as well. So keep doing it, man. I'd like to be talking to you and having friendship we have. And let's do some more stuff. Absolutely, man. I really appreciate it. Have a good trip. Yeah. You too, brother. Thank you.