All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone, a recent interview with Mark Bell on Mark Bell's Power Project podcast. Jay Cutler was asked a question about Phil Heath versus Kai Green. And they asked him if Kai Green were to come back today, does he have a chance of beating Phil Heath? And this was Jay Cutler's answer to that question. Do you think Kai can ever catch up to Phil? Not at this point. Do you feel pretty much unpredictable? He'll win eight this year and go for ten Broadway. So being a four-time Mr. Olympia, Jay Cutler obviously does have a pretty good eye for bodybuilding. And as a opinion is certainly a valid one as far as his critiques go, a pro bodybuilding. In fact, Jay Cutler predicted that Phil Heath would become Mr. Olympia before Phil Heath had even became a pro bodybuilder. So it actually raises a very valid question. We already talked about a couple of videos ago. The chances of Kai Green actually coming back being very slim because he would essentially have to get another special invitation to compete because he has not yet qualified for the Mr. Olympia. And again, placing second at the Mr. Olympia does not qualify for life to compete in the Olympia. So pretty much the only way of Kai Green competing in the 2018 Mr. Olympia would be if he got that special invitation, again, which I doubt he's likely to get. Now, however, if he were to get that special invitation and he were to come back and compete. What it even mattered at this point, if he came back to the Olympia in 2018 at his age after taking, I believe, four years off the Olympia now, would it even be Phil Heath versus Kai Green again? Would Kai Green be even able to place above a guy like Big Romney or above a guy like William Bonack or even a guy like Dexter or Sean, if Kai Green were to come back, which is again, the chances are very slim over that, would it even matter? Phil versus Kai is what everybody wants to see. That would be the primary reason for Kai coming back. And do you think that Kai Green would even be up next to Phil in that call out? Do you think they would even have him in the center of the first call out? Or do you think he would even make the first call out? Now, what Capedia lists Kai Green at 42 years old, but various reports have put him over 45 just over 40. So no one's really sure what his actual age is. It's been kind of, you know, unclear, but he is getting up there in years and his window is rapidly closing to be a threat to the Mr. Olympia. Now obviously a lot of people think that Kai Green is still holding onto that size and that muscle mass because he intends to compete again. And I think the only reason that Kai Green would want to compete at his age is to get that Mr. Olympia title before he officially retired from bodybuilding. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think if Kai Green were to come back and do the Olympia? He would even be able to beat Phil Heath and do you think Jay Cutler's right that at this point, you know, Kai Green's chances of being in Phil Heath are pretty much gone even if he came back. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power signing out.