Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I want to talk about what seems to be one of the hottest topics in the bodybuilding industry on social media right now. And that is the beef between Jeremy Boyne and Sergio Aliva Jr. Now, both of these two guys seem to get themselves in the middle of a lot of social media beef. I'm gonna tend to be the topic of conversation on Instagram quite often. But I never really talk about it in the video because really, I don't really ever think it's relevant. Sergio Aliva and Jeremy Boyne, D.A. have had their fair share of arguments with other competitors and guys and other divisions online. But in this particular argument, I thought they brought up two very good points of discussion here. So I think the obvious point of discussion, the first one would be, are these social media beefs and bodybuilding good or bad for the sport? Because a lot of the people that were sending me the screenshots of these conversations in the back and forth between Sergio and Jeremy were saying, man, this is a disgrace. They're cussing at each other, they're talking all ghetto. This is bad for the sport, they're bad representatives, etc. But I kind of disagree with that. I think rivalries are good. I think he did rivalries are even better. I think it makes the sport entertaining. I think it's good to have a back and forth between guys like this, especially when it generates a good topic of conversation. And the main argument between the two was about the addition of new divisions to bodybuilding, being a good or bad thing. Now I believe Jeremy Boyne Dia, he did an interview, or he was talking about how bodybuilding had been on the decline for the past eight years. And in that interview, he kind of says that men's physique, classic physique, and the bikini divisions have helped reverse that decline. That's what revived the bodybuilding industry. Bodybuilding was dying, five, six, seven, eight years ago, because it was an accepted social because the guy in the show mass it. But when the new vision of Vince Visek, when this bikini came out, it increased mainstream interest in bodybuilding, increasing the number of competitors, the size of these competitions. And of course, the number of people watching the sport as a result. Now Sergio Aliva, and I've seen this a couple times in the past, has been pretty outspoken about the fact that he doesn't really, so much agree with classic physique, being better than body building or classic physique, helping bodybuilding, or even classic physique, really being a relevant division. I believe when Regan Grimes first announced that he was going to switch down to classic physique from men's open bodybuilding. Sergio was calling him like a bikini girl, like it was men's bikini, a bikini bitch, saying that classic physique wasn't real bodybuilding, and that Regan, you know, belongs in men's open. So this is nothing new, really, a lot of bodybuilders, especially the men's open bodybuilders, have been very vocal about the fact that they feel like classic physique isn't any type of threat to men's open, isn't helpful to men's open. And it's really just another division that's going to add money to the men's open division. They're weakened warrior argument, you could say. So in essence, the argument was that Sergio kind of felt that Jeremy Boyne Dio was taking credit for helping increase the popularity of bodybuilding by being a men's physique champion, and Sergio, I think took issue with that saying bodybuilding is always going to be the top dog. It's never been on the climb. Bodybuilding is always going to be the most popular division. And I agree with that to an extent. Now, whether you love or hate Jeremy Boyne Dio, I think his response video to this beef actually had some very good points and he did make some very good points. He said in that video, he said, I've always been a fan of bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is always going to be the number one attraction. I agree with that 100%. And then he also said, he never took sole credit for helping bodybuilding become more popular. He said, the addition of these divisions is undeniable. The numbers don't lie. The numbers from a standpoint of the number of NPC competitions, the number of entries in these NPC competitions, the number of attendees at NPC and IPP events. The number of views on videos and live streams and the number of followers. I mean, a lot of people don't want to admit it, but like classic physique guys, they do have millions of followers on social media. And that's something that whether you like it or not, it's really undeniable. There are millions of fans that are following these divisions. Now I'll go on record and say, I'm not the biggest fan of Men's physique. I'm not the biggest fan of Jeremy Boyne Dio. I've seen some of the things that he said in the past. But that being said, I do think Jeremy Boyne Dio is correct here. Men's physique has been beneficial tremendously to the mainstream appeal of bodybuilding specifically with helping promote the NPC and IPPB, which is the main venue, the platform for bodybuilding. They share the same platform of the NPC and the IPPB, the NPC obviously feeds into the IPPB and the NPC having more divisions and more appeal to the mainstream is only going to help bodybuilding since bodybuilding is the top dog of that organization. And again, the numbers just simply don't lie. I mean, even though I'm not the biggest fan of Men's physique and I'm sure a lot of you guys probably aren't the biggest fans of Men's physique, the numbers are there. I mean, these guys have a tremendous following. A lot of people are interested in it. And I myself, I know dozens of guys that compete in men's physique. And I'm not talking about people that I see on social media. I'm talking about friends from high school friends from college. Just random people that I'll see posting on my Facebook or just show up in my timeline that are all the sudden competing in men's physique. That back when I knew them in high school or college had no interest in bodybuilding or watching the Olympia or anything like that. But all of the sudden there's this massive interest in competing and working out in competing in men's physique. So I do think it's valid to say that prior to Men's physique, prior to classic physique, prior to the bikini divisions, bodybuilding was really on a decline. I mean, it's hard for me to even imagine, you know, the state of bodybuilding prior to all these divisions. And if you think about it, Jeremy made another good point in his video, women's bodybuilding is a perfect example. Women's bodybuilding disappeared almost entirely. But these new divisions, women's physique, figure and bikini are massively successful because they appeal to the mainstream. Now, I don't think that's ever going to happen with men's open bodybuilding. I don't think men's open bodybuilding will ever go away. Nor do I want it to. Men's open bodybuilding. It is the pinnacle of the sport. It is what we all come to see. It is what we all enjoy talking about. And I'll be the first one to admit that as a fan of bodybuilding, when I go to an NPC show, there's a hundred men's physique guys and a hundred bikini girls that only 10 bodybuilders. It is a little bit painful to sit through the bikini and sit through the, you know, men's physique when I came to see the bodybuilding. But just because I'm not a fan of it, it doesn't mean there's not millions of fans of the bikini girls, millions of fans of the men's physique guys. That's bringing a tremendous amount of revenue to the sport. And Jeremy Boyne Dea made a good point about that as well. He said the men's physique guys are kind of biting the bullet and bringing all this popularity, bringing all this money through, you know, competition revenue, ad revenue and all that. And all that money is going back into the bodybuilding class. The body builders are still getting all the money or at least a majority of it. I mean, I've been going to the Arnold Classic Expo for about 10 years now and I can say just in that 10 year span of time, I've seen the demographic of people that's going to these expos and waiting in these lines changed dramatically. I mean, the first year I went almost the entirety of all the lines. It was just all guys. It was guys everywhere. Guys waiting to meet these bodybuilders. But now you don't really see that. You see girls waiting in line to meet guys like Jay Keller because they got interested in working out and fitness through bikini or one of these other divisions. And now there's a whole new fan base for the sports that didn't really exist before. I mean, back, you know, in the early 2000s, you were not seeing a bunch of girls waiting in line to meet a Jay Cutler or a cog green or Ronnie Coleman. You just were not seeing that. But now because of their interests in these new divisions, they become aware of who these guys are and now they want to meet them. And now there's this new, I mean, they watch these competitions too. These girls are watching the Mr Olympian. Now these girls are interested in it. So that's my opinion on the matter guys. I think Jeremy Boyne Dia at the end of the day, the point that he was trying to make. I think he's absolutely right. I think Sergio Leave is also entitled to his opinion as well. I think the social media beaks for the most part are good and interesting and mostly good for bodybuilding. Now sometimes obviously they do cross the line where they start talking about each other's families and girl friends and talking about fighting each other and they start cutting up a storm about things that aren't really even relevant to bodybuilding. That kind of stuff, I think there's really no place for that. But you know, in passion to arguments about the sport of bodybuilding itself, I think there's nothing wrong with that. And I think there definitely is a place for that on social media. So I have no problem with it. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Boyne Dia versus Sergio Leave. Who do you think is right? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and they're trying to power signing out.