Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I found some interesting photos of Kai Green that I thought you guys might like to see. So these photos were taken around the time of Kai Green's pro debut back in 2005. I thought these photos really exemplified. Number one, the amazing genetics that Kai Green really has because this was really early on in his career about 13 years ago now. And number two, they just show a really different Kai Green in terms of appearance. He has facial hair and he just looks like a different guy. And number three, it really shows you the work ethic of Kai Green and how much muscle and size he has put on since 2005. Now in 2005, his pro debut is at the New York pro where he placed 14th. So I don't really think a lot of people realize how long Kai Green has been around in the pro body building scene because I don't really think he gained much popularity until about 2009 where he won that first Arnold classic title. And he won his first New York pro title in 2008. But 2009 was really where a lot of people started to notice Kai Green. And then in 2011 where he would break into that top three at the Olympia and then he would begin his rivalry with Phil Heath placing second multiple times. That's when he really took off in popularity. But I don't think a lot of people realize Kai Green has been around for 13 years on the pro circuit. And back then he looked much different than he looked now. So I'll do make a video kind of showing his transformation from these very early pictures to how he looks at some of his recent shows, including the 2014 Olympia on the 2016 Arnold classic. And just to sheer amount of muscle mass and improvement, he has been able to make on that physique. I think it's absolutely incredible. Now obviously in some of these before pictures, Kai Green is clearly not in competition condition. But even in this condition and even this younger version of Kai Green, you can clearly see these just elite genetics shining through. I mean you can see the cross-striations and the quads, even though he's not in contest shape. You can see the crazy bicep peak development, even though he's not in contest shape. And I think one of the biggest points of improvement that you can see in these photos is when Kai Green turns around from the back. I mean in some of these early back shots, he almost had a shallow looking back. If you compare that to someone who's best looks at the Olympia, I mean he has one of the biggest densest craziest backs on stage. I mean his lower body too has come up tremendously. And these back shots man, the comparison is just unreal. Plus it's also very rare that you see a photo of Kai Green without his trademark hair braid, especially this many photos. I thought they were really interesting. I mean who would have ever suspected, you know, looking at these young photos of Kai Green, you know, back around 2005, that we would see this guy end up becoming, you know, arguably one of the most popular body builders in the history of body building, one of the most favored underdogs in the history of the Mr. Olympia. Probably one of the most popular choices as a fan favorite for an uncrowned Mr. Olympia, placing seconds so many times the fill-heath and the result continuously not being what he desired. I mean who would have thought this guy would have been a multiple time Arno Classic champion. Some would say he's one of the best winners in Arnold Classic history. And Kai has repeatedly said, you know, he thinks of body building as an art form to where he has this opportunity to sculpt his body. It's like a canvas where he can present, you know, this, you know, this final vision on stage. And I think these pictures, these before and after comparisons, are a perfect example of how Kai Green has been able to incredibly sculpt his body from his early days up until now. I mean again, I said it before, but the improvements that he's been able to make are just absolutely incredible and you can really see it in these photos. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Kai Green's transformation. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have the power signing out.