Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I'm going to give you guys an update here on Roy Leedle-Mire. If you don't know who Roy Leedle-Mire is, he's one of my favorite golden Arab body builders. In fact, he's one of the first golden Arab body builders that I ever made a video on. He's one of the guys that never turned pro during the time that he was competing, but he was one of the best body builders of that era. Arguably that never became a pro body builder. He had those classic lines, the shape, the structure, the symmetry. And most importantly, he had incredible posing. That's one of the things I wanted to focus on in this video here. It's at the age of 62. He posted a posing update video on Instagram just a day or so ago. He looks absolutely incredible. I mean, for 62 years old, this guy looks like he hasn't missed a step. In fact, his arms almost look like they're even bigger than they were back in his prime competitive years. So, Roy competed a little bit in the 70s, but he would mostly compete throughout the 80s, and that's where he would really go on his run of trying to turn pro. So during the 80s, he competed in the Nationals three times in 83, 84, and then in 86, his best placing being at the 83 Nationals placing second. So I was the closest he ever came to a pro card. And he also competed in the USA. He was trying to get a pro card in 1987. And then he would go on again in 1994. I'm trying to get that pro card at Nationals placing 14th in 94. And probably the most prestigious title held by Roy Little Mire would be the Mr. America title in 1988. And of course, he also won the Mr. California in 1980. But despite the fact that he never turned pro, and had these frequent attempts at turning pro, he was a very well-known and very recognizable body builder during the 1980s. I mean, some of his photos were some of the greatest photos in my opinion, taken of any body builder during the 1980s. This particular photo right here where he's outside. I think is one of the greatest body building photos of all time. He's on the cover of countless magazines. So he was a very well-known body builder for that. So one of the most interesting things about Roy Little Mire is again the fact that he never turned pro. But the reasoning that he gives for why he never turned pro. He's actually quoted as saying that he believes in a balanced life that his family comes before any body building competition. So he's actually said that he didn't want to turn pro because he'd rather focus more on his family. And being a pro athlete wouldn't allow him the time that he would need to focus on his family. So he was content competing as an amateur, you know, really whenever he felt like it. So Roy would actually go on to have a couple of acting roles here and there, but he's more known now for being a posing and training coach out in California. And that's why I wanted to show you guys this video because I think it's very impressive what he's been able to do. Do living a healthy lifestyle all the way into his 60s and continuing to train and continuing to pose. And I'm going to work on that posing in his physique all the way into his early 60s. I think he looks absolutely phenomenal. I think if he did a master's NPC show in the 60 and over, there would be absolutely nobody that could take this guy. I mean, who looks like this in their 60s? So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please go to a thumbs up if you did. Next time the power, signing out.