Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So as you guys may or may not know, Kenny K.O. is YouTube channel was recently terminated by YouTube and the reason was for violating community guidelines. So Kenny said he had two community guidelines strikes. He appealed one of them. It got reinstated and then YouTube strike that again getting him a third strike and his channel was then terminated. So I believe he said he had a channel prior to this called Kenny K.O. Sarms and that was the first channel that was removed from YouTube. So what I think he probably did was under the same Gmail account, the same email address. He started Kenny K.O. is main channel and under that same address he started Kenny K.O. Sarms. So I think the root of this problem is probably rooted in the whole Sarms thing. As you guys may or may not know and hands thatfully Tony huge, their channel was taken down a couple months ago now because of the Sarms thing. If you guys don't know this, the basics of Sarms selected to Andrew Jenner's subject or modulators. They're like a gray area supplement. They're kind of legal and they're kind of not so they're technically legal to sell, but they're not legal to sell for human consumption. So you could technically sell them under the guise of research chemicals. But if you're selling them and telling people, here's how to take them. Here's the result you'll get. You should take these as a bodybuilding supplement. That's technically illegal. You can't sell Sarms and tell people to take them because they're not legal for human consumption. So that's what the kind of gray area comes in because they sell these and say the research chemicals, but then they make videos saying, okay, here's the result you'll get. Here's the stack you should take. Here's how you should train. This is the result that you're going to see from taking Sarms. That's kind of the gray area thing. Regardless of whether or not they work. They're really in that gray area being legal or illegal. The Sarms thing, I think YouTube is trying to cover their tracks a little bit because they could be liable for some of this stuff. I mean, honestly, if you have a bunch of people advertising something that's illegal on their channel, having discount codes and links to where you can buy it, you have all these young kids. I mean, keep in mind the main demographic on YouTube is going to be kids that are teenagers in their early 20s. So YouTube is trying to mitigate some of their liability here and take down these channels. And this is what I think is happening because they could be liable for being a source for these young kids to get these illegal drugs. So back when it has to athlete got taken down, there was another channel called Ryan Rousseau. And he also made Sarms videos, talked about Sarms progress, had a Sarms discount code and a link to enhance that. And his channel was taken down shortly after. Now he reached out to me after his channel was taken down and he said essentially what's happening is there's this lawyer that's going after enhanced athlete. He found kind of a loophole in YouTube to where he could go in and report these videos that are Sarms related or have links to Sarms or whatever the case may be. And get these Sarms channels taken down due to this loophole in YouTube's community guidelines policy. And he claims that's how his channel got taken down as well. And he claims that's what happened to enhance the athletes. So I'm guessing that probably that's probably what happened to Kenny Kays channel as well. And the fact his main channel is linked to the Sarms channel is probably what got them taken down. Now, honestly guys, you guys know me and Kenny Kays have never had the best relationship. You could say I'm probably not the biggest fan of Kenny Kays channel. Now that being said, I don't want this, you know, I don't want to see this happen to anybody. Regardless of what kind of content you make, regardless of whether you like Kenny's content, regardless of whether you like what he has to say or like what he stands for. I think YouTube should be a place where you can be open to anybody's ideas. And people want to follow you for those ideas. That should be their choice. Now I understand that when you sign up for YouTube, you'd read it in terms of conditions. And they basically say YouTube owns your channel and they can terminate it for any reason they want. Now that being said, I understand that's how it works. I understand that's the rule. I understand that YouTube reserves that right. But I still think, you know, from a moral standpoint, having this outlet and YouTube you should give people kind of an even chance to share their opinion. And whether you like Kenny or not, like I said before, he was able to gain over 200,000 subscribers. And while I personally believe a lot of those people are just people that wanted to see drama and maybe not so much fans of Kenny Kays. A lot of those people and some of those people were fans of Kenny Kays. They liked what he had to say. They liked his content. They did like the drama. And that, you know, whether you like it or not, I think people should have the option to watch that. If that's what they want to see. So if Kenny Kays channel wasn't taken down because of the sarm stuff. And it was taken down just because it was kind of controversial. Then I do disagree with that. And I think that's unfair. Regardless of how I feel about him or his channel, I think, you know, everyone has a right to their voice. I agree that technically, when YouTube turns into conditions, we don't really have a right to anything. None of us really own our channels and YouTube owns our channels. But still, the whole idea of YouTube was for anybody and everybody to be able to share their ideas and people that like those ideas. And I wanted to see more of those ideas. It could subscribe to you and you could build a following based on that. So regardless of how many people don't like Kenny, there were people that did. And there were people that subscribed to him to see more of what he had to say. And I think that's perfectly fair. So hopefully his channel did get taken down because of the sarm thing. If that's the case, it's understandable. I can see why they would do that. YouTube could be held liable for all this sarm stuff. It's sarm to become completely illegal. So I do understand why they want to mitigate that liability. But on the other hand, if his channel was taken down because the controversial nature of his content, I really don't think that's fair. So even though being Kenny don't have the best relationship, I've said things about him in the past. He said things about me in the past. I wouldn't really consider him to be a fan of me or me, probably a fan of him. But I would say if you are a fan of Kenny K.O. and you want to follow him and you want to see his content, I'm going to go ahead and link his Instagram in this video right now. It's at Kenny Bule. I think people who want to see what he has to say and want to hear what he has to say should have that right to go follow him. If they don't have that option on YouTube anymore, I think they should know where to find him because there were people that were fans of him. A lot of people thought his content was controversial. A lot of people didn't like it. A lot of people thought it was too negative. He was tearing too many people down. I might agree with some of that. But still, there were people that wanted to see that. Whether you like it or not, he still has that right to be heard. So if you guys want to follow Kenny K.O. and you guys were fans of Kenny's. His Instagram is linked in the description box below. My Instagram is also linked there at Nick's Bank of Power. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Kenny K.O. is channel being terminated because me personally honestly kind of has an uneasy feeling about it. It kind of makes us all kind of feel like all of our channels are kind of at risk. Just the fact that Kenny's channel can be taken down. But yeah, man, let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's Bank of Power signing out.