Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So in this video I want to talk about what I think is one of the greatest battles for the Arnold Classic title in the Arnold Classic history. So in 1996 you had Flex Wheeler and Kevin LeVrony go head to head at the Arnold Classic. Now the cool thing about this is both Flex Wheeler and Kevin LeVrony at this point had already won the Arnold Classic title. So you had two Arnold Classic champions going head to head. So Kevin LeVrony had won the 94 Arnold Classic and Flex Wheeler had won the 93 Arnold Classic. But they had not yet gone head to head for the Arnold Classic title. So they had both won the Arnold one time. Now between 94 and 96 Mike Fransois would win the 1995 Arnold Classic. And neither Flex nor Kevin LeVrony won that show and they weren't both in that show. I believe Flex was in the 95 Arnold Classic but not LeVrony. So the other thing that made the 1996 Arnold Classic such an interesting battle between Flex and Kevin is that both of these guys were relatively young pro-body builders. They both made their protebue around the same time. Kevin LeVrony making his protebue in 1992 and Flex Wheeler making his protebue in 1993. During the short time that they had both been pro, they had both made a tremendous statement in bodybuilding, both winning the Arnold Classic as I mentioned. But also both becoming runners up at the Olympia. So both Kevin LeVrony and Flex Wheeler at this point were already Olympia runner-ups. Of course Kevin LeVrony becoming runner up at his first Olympia ever, the year of his protebue in 1992 taking that second place finish at the Mr. Olympia. And of course the following year, Flex Wheeler in 1993 taking second at the Mr. Olympia. So these two were kind of tipped for tat in terms of their Olympia playings and their Arnold Classic wins. So 1996 was a much anticipated seeing these two kind of prodigies go head to head. Now in addition to LeVrony and Wheeler, you also had a massive Paul DeLette coming in third place at that year's Arnold Classic. And fourth place you would have Vince Taylor in fifth place you would have Sean Ray. And of course in sixth place you would have Andreas Munzer who passed away shortly after that 1996 Arnold Classic. Now of course history will show that Kevin LeVrony ended up winning the 1996 9th of Champions and Flex Wheeler. Of course we'll take that second place spot. Later on at that year's Mr. Olympia, Kevin LeVrony would beat Flex Wheeler yet again placing third at the Mr. Olympia competition and Flex of course taking fourth. So in my opinion 1996 Arnold Classic was one of the better years for the Arnold Classic in terms of really cool rivalries. And because again it was these two young guys, two prodigies in bodybuilding that right off the bat in their pro career were very successful, right off the bat, very high Olympia players, right off the bat winning Arnold Classic. This was really the first time they would clash to go head to head for that title, but certainly would not be the last. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink the power signing out.