Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I found a pretty cool topic for a video here. So this is an article that Kevin LeBrony actually wrote, I believe back in 2002. So the title of this article written by Kevin LeBrony was, why Ronnie Coleman should not be Mr. Olympia? So the basis of this article is essentially talking about Ronnie Coleman's gut. I'm talking about the 2000 Mr. Olympia or Kevin LeBrony believes that he should have beat Ronnie Coleman and then also referencing the 2001 Mr. Olympia where Kevin says he believes J should have beat Ronnie Coleman. So the reason I think this article is really cool is because Kevin LeBrony doesn't hold anything back in this article. I mean, directly quoting the article he says, I'm more convinced now than ever that Ronnie Coleman should no longer bear the title of Mr. Olympia. This is the second consecutive Mr. O gift for Ronnie and I'm not prepared to hang back in the weeds and let this injustice go without a fair comment. The plain truth is I beat Ronnie Coleman last year in 2000 and J. Color beat Ronnie this year, 2001. You should not win the Mr. Olympia if your stomach is hanging out. Period. Last year I've had it Ronnie's stomach during the pose down to draw attention to the fact that he was obviously bloated and that tactic obviously didn't work and Ronnie ended up beating me and the pose down to successfully defend the title for the third straight Mr. O'Triumph. So then Kevin LeBrony goes on to say later in the article, how can Ronnie retain his title if his midsection is bloated and disdended? Why should the fans get behind a champion who can't present an aesthetic image of what body blading is supposed to be all about? So the reason that I found this article very interesting is number one, the 2000 Mr. Olympia was a pretty controversial Mr. Olympia decision. So I'm going to show you guys some photos of Ronnie versus LeBron from 2000. But also I thought it was very interesting again that this article is 15 years old, almost two decades old actually and they were still referencing this bubble gut issue all the way back in 2001, 2002 when this article was written. So this is not a relatively new issue. Ronnie Coleman now, we're looking back at him as one of the greatest Mr. Olympia's of all time. But during that time this was only his third Mr. Olympia win and people were already ragging on his gut. But I think this is going to be a very similar situation to Phil Heath. It's like Phil Heath is one so many Olympias now. People want to see the champ get beaten. They don't want to see the same thing over and over. So right now everyone's hating on Phil, hating on his gut. But I feel like 15 years from now, people are going to be looking back at Phil Heath like man. He was one of the best Mr. Olympias ever and it's going to be a very similar situation to Ronnie Coleman because back then a lot of Ronnie's fellow competitors did not like him because he was beating them consistently day after day. And there was some controversy about Ronnie having a big gut. I mean the fans, there was also some controversy about fans not liking Ronnie Coleman because of that big gut. But now no one really remembers that. I mean people look back at Ronnie like I said and call him the greatest of all time. And there's really nobody disputing that. People say Ronnie Coleman is the biggest freakyist Mr. Olympia ever end of story. So I think going forward it's going to be the same thing with Phil Heath. So back to the 2000 Mr. Olympia really quick. So in 2000 Ronnie Coleman obviously won the Olympia. Kevin Lebroni placed second flex wheeler placed third Sean Ray placed fourth, Nasdawns and body fifth and you had to leave priest in six plays. All right. So honestly guys in my opinion, if you look at the comparison photos, it's definitely true. It's undeniable. You know Ronnie had a little bit of a gut. But if you compare him in Kevin Lebroni, I mean look at the leg guys. I mean Ronnie's legs are twice the size of Kevin Lebroni's legs in the year 2000. I mean it's just it's undeniable here for me. I mean even though he had a little bit of a gut, I mean to me Ronnie Coleman was clearly the better body builder in 2000. I mean there's just no argument about it to me. The front double bicep. I think he smokes Kevin Lebroni. I mean it doesn't matter what angle you look at Ronnie Coleman's legs from whether it's the front, the sides, the back. It doesn't matter compared to Kevin Lebroni's in 2000 and tell me who you think deserved to win that Mr. Olympia. I mean you can't win the Mr. Olympia with legs. I Kevin Lebroni had in 2000. I mean Ronnie Coleman's legs. I mean those were Mr. Olympia legs and he also had a Mr. Olympia upper body. It just so happened his stomach was a little bit disdended. But I think he still definitely deserved to win the 2000 Mr. Olympia. I mean he was the biggest, most muscular guy on stage. His conditioning wasn't bad. I mean there's this a little bit of distension in his midsection. His conditioning was actually really good. So I don't know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Ronnie Coleman deserved to beat Kevin Lebroni in the year 2000? Or do you think Kevin Lebroni deserved to win the 2000 Mr. Olympia? Personally I think Ronnie deserved that victory. But I did find Kevin's early comments about the bubble gut to be a pretty interesting thing. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Let me know what you guys think about Ronnie Coleman's gut too. So let me know. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to power signing out.