Alright, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm gonna make a video about Kevin LeVroni, specifically his recent comeback at this Baltimore Gladiator show, where he did a guest posing, shortly following his appearance at the Arnold-Australia. So admittedly, in the photos and videos that I've seen from this Gladiator guest posing that Kevin LeVroni did, Kevin LeVroni actually looks very, very impressive in these photos. I mean, he looks very full, he looks very round and he still looks to have maintained a level of, you know, conditioning and hardness while getting fuller than he was at the Arnold-Australia. Now that being said, the only two shots that Kevin LeVroni posted on his Instagram from the front are the frontmost muscular and the side chest. Kevin LeVroni's two best shots. Now if you go back to the Arnold-Australia, some of the worst shots from that show were the front-level bicep, maybe arguably the back-double bicep in the abs and thighs, and I've seen any of those poses in terms of a photograph from the front coming out of this guest posing. So in my opinion, Kevin LeVroni's always gonna look impressive in a most muscular and he's always gonna look crazy in a side chest. Now in addition to that, the main reason why I wanted to talk about this particular guest posing is because the captain of the photo that he posted following that guest posing is what I found to be pretty interesting. So at the very end of the cap, and under the tags, on this photo, in all caps, he posts FYI, now I will not stop Shabun. So as many of you know, a lot of people have been suggesting that Kevin LeVroni should do another show, and try to end his career on a high note rather than how he looked at the Arnold-Australia, doing actual prep correctly, and do one last show where he looks decent before he retires. I believe Milo Sarshav was one of those people. The first day of Palambos suggested to Kevin LeVroni that he do the New York pro. And if you have not seen Dave Palambos interview with Kevin LeVroni from a few days ago, it's actually a really good interview on our highly suggestive watch it. During the interview, Kevin LeVroni strips down and hits some poses. I mean, he actually looks really really good when he's posing in the interview. So if you haven't seen that, I do recommend to go over to RX Muscle and check out that interview. But during that interview, when Dave suggested that Kevin LeVroni the New York pro, I mean, Kevin was kind of itfy about it. At first, early on in the interview, he was saying, no, this is my last show. I'm not going to compete again. But as the interview progressed, it seemed like Kevin was warming up to the idea more and more of competing again. And then at the end of this photo, he says, now I will not stop, should boom. So does that mean Kevin LeVroni will do one more show or possibly multiple more shows? Now in my opinion, my opinion is this. I think the Arnold-Australia should be the last show that Kevin LeVroni does. Well, you've seen Kevin LeVroni make two comebacks now. The 2016 Olympia, it was very impressive to see him come back at that age and bring the conditioning that he brought. Obviously, the legs weren't there at either show the Arnold-Australia or the 2016 Olympia. But despite that, the fact that he was able to come back at the age that he's at, it's 53 right now, and have the size and the fullness that he has. It's very impressive, and that's a victory in and of itself. But I think the main appeal to all the fans of Kevin LeVroni's come back is can he do it. So the 2016 Olympia, the main appeal was can Kevin LeVroni look like Kevin LeVroni used to look. And for the most part, the upper body kind of did. But then we saw that the legs weren't there. So then shortly after the Olympia, Kevin LeVroni says he had a leg injury that was preventing him from training legs. So now coming into his 2018 comeback, the main reason why fans were intrigued is, well, if he was injured and now he's not, can Kevin come in with the legs now. He had the upper body at the Olympia, what if Kevin brings the legs? So we waited, we saw him appear in 2018, and we saw the result. So I think the mystery of the Kevin LeVroni come back is kind of gone now. We just know the legs aren't going to come back. It kind of is what it is at this point. And there's not a whole lot of mystery or really speculation on what else Kevin can do. I think Kevin has done everything he can do. So personally, I don't think Kevin LeVroni should compete again. I think he shouldn't be happy with what he's been able to do. He can retire on a high note. And I think at this point we know that there's pretty much no chance of Kevin LeVroni coming in and winning a pro show. Early on in his comeback, he said that was his goal. It was the win one pro show before he retired. Even if Kevin LeVroni continues to compete, I just, I don't think it's going to happen. So I don't see the point in him continuing to compete aside from promoting a supplement line or whatever. I think it's dangerous to his health. I mean, he specifically said the reason it's conditioning was bad if he Arnold Australia is because he didn't want to push his health to the limit by taking those dioretics to lose that water weight. So obviously he's very health conscious. So I think continuing to compete would just be really a foolish decision from a health standpoint. And the risk to reward ratio is way off killed for there because he's not going to be getting a whole lot of reward from competing. He'd be lucky to get a top six spot at really any pro show. So I think he should hang his hat. Hold his head up high and he should retire now that he's done the 2018 Arnold Australia. I don't think there should be any more competing for Kevin LeVroni. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Should Kevin keep competing or should he go ahead and finally retire? Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank from power signing out.