Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power. I thought this would make an interesting comparison video here. So Kevin LeVrony towards the end of his body building career in his prime back in 2004. Did a guest posing back at the 2004 NPC National. So these little screenshots that you're looking at here are from the video of him guest posing back in 2004 compared to the video of him guest posing about a week ago at the Maryland 2018 Gladiator Classic. So interestingly enough back in 2004 he posed to the exact same Creed song that he posed to at the 2018 guest posing. But the reason why I found this particularly interesting is because a lot of people were saying how bad Kevin LeVrony looked at his comeback and how he didn't look anything like he looked back in the day. But I think this video was really contrary to popular opinion. If you compare how he looked back in 2004 he looked really similar in 2018 if not a little bit better at this guest posing they look back in 2004. I mean a lot of people not Kevin for his legs but if you look at his legs in 2004 and his legs in 2018 from a size standpoint they're very comparable and at the 2018 guest posing he might have even had better separation in his legs. Now granted towards the end of his body building career that's one of the things that was causing him to go downhill in place and was his leg development was starting to slack back in the early 2000s and that's one of the things that caused his placing to begin to drop. So the point here is if Kevin LeVrony's goal was to look like he looked back in the day I think he certainly succeeded. He looked better in summary guards at this guest posing and he looked back in 2004. His conditioning was better but granted he was only a week after his last show. So I think part of the reason why people say Kevin LeVrony looked so bad is maybe the caliber of competition today is just that much better than it was back in the early 2000s and late 90s. And the guys today are simply that much bigger and that much more proportionate and complete. So Kevin LeVrony by comparison doesn't look as good. So I think even if we had a 2004 Kevin LeVrony a carbon copy of how Kevin LeVrony looked in 2004 competing in these line-ups today I still don't think he would be placing that well. Now maybe Kevin LeVrony from the 90s where his conditioning was really on point and his legs were on point maybe like 94.95 Arnold Classic Kevin LeVrony. Then we'd be talking about a Kevin LeVrony. That would be a serious threat to today's body building line-up. But as far as towards the end of his career I think Kevin LeVrony did an amazing job. You know here coming back 14 years later and really replicating that physique. So I think while a lot of people say well he didn't look good I think there's definitely a large amount of props that we should be giving Kevin LeVrony for what he was able to achieve at the age of 53. In my opinion pretty much duplicating how he looked in 2004 maybe he was a little bit bigger and no for. But for the most part if you actually compare Kevin LeVrony today versus Kevin LeVrony then there's no real argument that he looked pretty similar especially in the upper body. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about Kevin LeVrony's 2004 guest pose and compared to Kevin LeVrony's guest posing today. Now obviously the photo is our little bit lower quality from 2004 and the photos today are a lot sharper so he might look a little bit more conditioned but just from an overall size standpoint and what you can tell from these two photos let me know in the comment section below what you guys think. Thank you guys for watching the video please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.