Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Kevin LeVroni and which your I feel he had his best shape, specifically his best conditioning. So Kevin LeVroni would earn his pro-card in 1991 by winning the overall at the NPC National. So the year 1992 would be Kevin LeVroni's pro-day view. So in 1992 Kevin LeVroni was roughly 27 years old and his stage weight was only about 220 pounds of most of the shows in 92. I'm not the bigger versions of Kevin LeVroni that you'll see from later on in the 90s maybe even the early 2000s where he's much fuller, much rounder, obviously significantly more muscle mass. He was in the mid 240s to 250 so probably 25 to maybe 30 pounds heavier than he was back in these photos that you're looking at from 1992. Now specifically there's two shows in particular from 92 where I felt Kevin LeVroni's conditioning was just absolutely stand out insane. And the first of those two shows will be the 1992 night of champions where he placed first. Now there were actually some pretty big names in this 1992 night of champions lineup that you guys might recognize. Porter could trail took second, Robbie Robinson took third, the area pastel took fourth, Milo Sarshev took fifth. I'm there other guys in that lineup like Pavel, Jabloniki placing ninth. You had a Ronnie Coleman, a very young Ronnie Coleman placing 14th of this show. You had Nashville, some body who did not place. And of course you had an extremely impressive Kevin LeVroni winning this show. In my opinion if you look back at some of the photos from the 1992 night of champions, Kevin LeVroni was smoking some of these guys. I mean it was a night and day difference. This guy, you know his genetics, the muscle bellies, the insertions, the roundness, the conditioning, the structure, everything on Kevin LeVroni in 1992 was just superior to everybody else on that night of champion stage. And it was a hands-down, in my opinion, landslide victory for Kevin LeVroni, arguably one of the biggest victories of his career next to the Arnold Classic wins. Now the other show from 1992 where I found Kevin LeVroni to be extremely impressive was the 1992 Mr. Olympia. Now it's important to keep in mind here. This was only Kevin LeVroni's first ever Mr. Olympia. He is still a rookie body builder. His first year as a pro. So obviously the Mr. Olympia competition is going to be a little bit intimidating for somebody that's a rookie body builder. And in addition to that back then it was held in Helsinki, Finland. So he had to go over seize the compete. But despite all that, despite the fact that he was 27, despite the fact he was a rookie, despite the fact that he had to travel to Finland. Kevin LeVroni took second place at his first Mr. Olympia ever again looking insane from a conditioning standpoint. Now Dorian H1, the Olympia that year. And of course as we all know that was the first year that Dorian H1, the Olympia. In 1992, yet again, you had a very impressive lineup at the Olympia just like the night of champions. Kevin LeVroni beat Lila Brada, Sean Ray, Momo Benaziz, a Vince Taylor, Sunny Schmidt, Porter Cattrell again, Dairy Pastel, Lou Ferrigno made his comeback at the 1992 Mr. Olympia placing 12. Also in that lineup, placing outside of the top 10, you had some mere benute of former Mr. Olympia. Again, you had Ronnie Coleman a guy who had not yet won his first Olympia. So this was kind of back before Ronnie Coleman was really the Ronnie Coleman that we know him as. And yet again, you had Milo Sarshevin this lineup placing outside of the top 10. So very competitive Olympia year, a lot of big names in there. Kevin LeVroni, rookie body builder, comes out of nowhere placing second. His legs arguably, in my opinion, the best they ever looked, maybe not from a size standpoint. But I mean, he had cross-striations in his quads. His glutes were shredded. His hamstrings were shredded. His back was shredded. This is where the back double bicep became one of his most iconic poses where he hit it similar to Arnold. And he just looked absolutely incredible in 1992. So I'm sure some of you guys might disagree with me on this and you guys might prefer a little bit bigger, a little bit fuller version of Kevin LeVroni as his best physique. But in my opinion, 1992, the Olympia and the Knight of Champions, the conditioning that he brought, I mean, that has got to go down. It's one of Kevin LeVroni's best looks ever in my opinion. That was Kevin LeVroni's best physique. So let me know in the comment section below which year you guys think was Kevin LeVroni's best physique. Do you think it was 1992 or do you guys prefer maybe a bigger look in the later 90s, maybe early 2000s? So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in power, signing out.