Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen, Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys today, the latest update from Michael Crisot posted today on his story. Now just two days out from the 2025 Pro. And I gotta say, I'm really impressed with this version of Crisot that we're seeing. The first thing that he was able to come back from the shoulder injury, we haven't seen him on the Olympia stage since 2023. This win at the British Grand Prix was impressive, but this look is very impressive. And I feel like Crisot knows that he's very confident in these updates. I feel like you can tell that he knows he looks good. And again, if just this pose, this is mostly what we're seeing from him is the most muscular pose going into the show, which is probably his best pose. Or the front double bias, he's not as strong from the back. So take it with that grain of salt. But it does really have me wondering here is Crisot going to be more of a factor than we initially anticipated. So much talk about Martin and Kionn in Samson. Crisot, his updates, heaven, Kionn I would say, have honestly impressed me the most going into this show. There's absolutely no doubt about it that Crisot looks gnarly. And I wonder if there's a chance that we see a huge upset here. I mean, if he beats any of those guys, if he beats Samson, Kionn or Martin, I would consider that to be a pretty big upset. I don't think most people are expecting that from Crisot, but anything is possible in bodybuilding. And I think like making the case for Crisot, I already compared his most muscular to Samson's. And we can say, Crisot is not as strong from the back. I don't think at the Olympia, Samson looked that strong in the back poses either. So I'm very curious to see what version of Samson would get here. And Samson did post today. He posted on his story kind of his game plan going into Prague. And he said that from this point forward, he knows that he has a legitimate 300 pound on stage bodybuilder. And being less than 300 pounds just doesn't work for him. It leads to not a good look. So that's his goal going into this show is to be over 300 pounds on stage. Here's what Samson had to say. At this point, I think I'm well over 300 pounds. I mean, this one I can feel it by close. I'll also have my close a lot more tighter. Everything is a lot more fit in again. And there's something I was drowning in just last week. So I know for fact, I'm over 300 pounds, but I'll probably check in a morning and I'll let you guys know what we were in that waiting for this show. So I mean, I pretty much, at this point, I think there's pretty much clear that I'm a genuine 300 pound bodybuilder on stage. There is no old, too, 90 to 80 now. On G&F, I'm under 300 pounds on stage. I don't look good. It's very clear. I think this is the past two weeks. I've been a clear example of that. So being that said, this is what we know that our target show is be. You know, this is our minimum, but basically, target, they're coming to go on stage. Don't fall with all 300 pounds. It doesn't look good on you. You don't benefit you at all. So we always got to make sure that, okay, that is the limit of cap. Of how low we can bring my look. Well, you know, it's interesting, like I said, you know, for everything that's happened, it's been a lesson learned for us to know that, okay, this limits. So I'm interested to see how Samson looks here. I'm interested to see the difference from the Olympia look to this look. And I'm interested to see, like, if the goal is just to be heavier on stage, to be bigger, to be fuller, and to weigh over 300 pounds. Again, it's only two weeks between the Olympia and this show. How is that going to pan out for him is what I'm curious about? And if, again, I said this in the last video, if we see Samson off, what does that mean for these other guys that appear to be coming in really on like, Krizzo, for example, and then going over to the latest physique updates from Martin Fitzwater, we can't count out Martin here. Martin is a top five and last year, top four Olympian. He is the returning defending pro champion. Does he shut down Kian Pearson here? Like he shut down Chris Bumsted last year at Chris's open debut at Prague. Does Martin do better here than he did at the Olympia in the sense that he could potentially beat Samson at this show? It's really hard to say. And again, I just, I can't undersell how excited I am for this show. It could, it could literally go any one of these directions. And now I'm starting to think about including Michael Krizzo in that conversation as, you know, maybe he's a top three guy here. And this just feels like one of those shows where we could see a big upset. I think Martin winning would be considered an upset because Samson beat him at the Olympia. So if he beat Samson here, that would be an upset. If Kian wins, that would be an upset. If Samson wins, I feel like that's what people expect. I feel like Samson is a Mr. Olympia champ. He was off at the Olympia. I feel like most people are probably expecting Samson to win this show. He's got the highest recent Olympia placing out of anybody in this lineup. And I think most of us are anticipating a better Samson here. But I think the question really is, what if he's not? What if he's not better here? Maybe one of these guys, maybe one of these other guys has a chance to really make a name for themselves. If any of them, Krizzo, Kian, Martin, if any of them be Samson here, it's massive. Now let's talk about some guys that we haven't talked about as much. One of those being Joan Pradell who just competed in the British Grand Prix this past weekend. With an impressive top three placing, now this was the latest physique update that he posted on his YouTube channel today. Where apparently he's weighing 264 pounds. Now the interesting thing here is not just talking about Martin Samson, Kian, Krizzo. You could also have a young guy come in so Kian for example. You could have Kian, you know, we expect him to do well or win this show. You could also have Kian get beaten by some of these other open guys that are really good. Joan Pradell is one of these guys that is a really good open body builder. He's clearly made some significant improvements since the last season. So we could have a lot of surprises here. Not only could Kian win the show, you could also see Kian being tested for the first time in open. And guys that maybe aren't top tier open body builders could upset Kian. That's the other option here. So I'm not just team Kian winning the show. You could have a lot of different things happen. That's what makes the open debut so exciting. You don't know what's going to happen. Maybe Kian wins the show. Maybe he's like outside of the top five. You don't know. But Joan, he really impressed me at the British show. He's got a ton of size. His delts are crazy. Like I said, you can see there's pretty significant improvements since the last time that we saw him on stage. He's a really big guy. And that's the thing with Kian. That's what a lot of people are saying about Kian. Is that maybe he's going to get out size by some of these bigger guys in open. And Joan Pradell's like I said, he's 254 pounds in this video. Kian is probably going to be about 220. He's giving up 45 pounds even to a guy like Joan Pradell's. You've also got Tim Boudeshime in this lineup. Tim Boudeshime just competed in the Mexico Pro where he was fifth. Another really big open body builder. I mean, if Kian is going to have an issue with size, these are guys that he could have an issue with size. Against I personally don't think that's going to be the case. I think that Kian is going to do just fine pound for pound. I think that's what the argument is, right? He's obviously not going to be the biggest body builder in this lineup. You've got guys like Tim Boudeshime, Joan Pradell's, Samson Dada, Michael Crisow. These are big thick open guys. And that's why I think this is so exciting. It's a really good test for Kian. This is not going to be an easy show. These are not small open guys. You know, we talk about him in that circle with Martin, Crisow and Samson. But these other guys too that are even outside of that conversation, they could give Kian a run for his money too. Even though I personally don't think that's going to be the case. This lineup is deep even outside of those guys. And in addition to Tim Boudeshime, you've got James Hollingshead coming back from the British Grand Prix. Also kind of a disappointing showing at the tsunami nutrition show a couple weeks ago. James was fifth at the British Grand Prix. James laid his update. His back always looks impressive. He's always in really good shape. The back always looks dense. The lower body always looks good. Could we see maybe a more seasoned veteran like James Hollingshead be able to defeat somebody like Kian. James always has like a peeled lower body. That's something that Kian struggled with a little bit at the Olympia this year. A lot of scenarios to look forward to at the Prague show this year. But again, let me know your guys' predictions in the comments below. We are now just one day away. And by the way, Prague is going to be a two-day show. So Prague, the pre-judging is going to be on Saturday. And the finals is going to be Sunday. So they're kind of extending the excitement. It's going to be the whole weekend. Saturday and Sunday. So Saturday night, you'll have the men's open pre-judging and Sunday night, you'll have the men's open final. So we'll get the excitement of seeing them just like on the Olympia stage the night before. And then we can talk about what we think is going to happen on Sunday. And that's what we have to look forward to this weekend. So let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Give me your predictions. Give me your full top five here. Now that we've talked about some names that we maybe haven't talked about as much. Jonas looking impressive. Tim Bootishime even top five at the Mexico Pro this past weekend. This show could go a lot of different ways. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys next rank and power signing out. Alright guys don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick Strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.