Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power us. I've got a little bit of an interesting topic for you guys today. So this topic is going to be Lee Priest versus his supplement sponsor, Black Skull Nutrition. So on Instagram today, Lee Priest posted a photo of one of Black Skull's logos, I guess. Where they take a skull and they put Lee Priest tattoo on his face tattoo on the skull. And they'll take this logo and use it as branding so they'll put it on phone cases, t-shirts, whatever, and then sell those t-shirts. So, in Lee Priest's description here, and I'm paraphrasing, he essentially says, they're going to put his image on these phone cases and phone chargers, etc. You would think they would give him one of those for free, but apparently if he wants one, he has to buy one himself when they're using his image on the product to sell the product. They won't even give him one is what he's saying. So in the description he also says, so I say to my fans, don't buy these. And then he ends the post with, I'll always give respect when respect is shown or even before it's shown, but then disrespect me and you'll get the other side. Then he tags Black Skull in the post. So that's where things start to get interesting. So then Black Skull actually responds on the photo. They say, Lee, I'm proud to have you on the team. I've hired you since August 2014, before I even released the brand worldwide and whatever you needed or whatever you need, I'll be ready to help you. I just want to remind you and your fans that you get royalties for every single product that the brand sells and that you get paid for it. Signed Marcelo Bellas CEO. So then Lee priest responds and he says, no, I get a set amount every month, which I have been on since the beginning when my products Mr. Skull, etc. came out. I was told that I would get a percentage of that. So if now I have product for the past year and a half, why is the pace those the same as when I first signed the contract? I get no royalties. It was in the contract that I get X amount of dollars a month and it has not changed since day one. And then Lee priest goes on to say, so let's get this right. I signed for X amount of dollars before the products run the market. Now four years later on the products, I still have the same contract in no royalties are being paid, even though the company grew. And then Black Skull has kind of a weird response here. They say, you're right. The company grew and we're releasing new products by having great work ethic. You're going to achieve your goals. So kind of a weird beat around the bush response from Black Skull. Not really answering why they're not giving him the percentage. And then Black Skull goes on to say, the smaller company paid you, $180,000 so far, US. Thank you always and God bless you. I'm always going to be here for you as your friend Marcelo Bella. So I guess that was 180,000 over the course of four years. And then Lee priest goes on to say, what does that mean? $180,000 over four years. So it goes back to the contract, same amount from the start, added new products when no royalties were paid as mentioned above. And then he goes on to say that the person replying to him is not actually the CEO of the company. So then finally Black Skull kind of ends it and says, that is me Marcelo Bella. If you have any questions come to me personally and as a friend, I will gladly help you. And that's kind of the end of that. So I wanted to post this up and see what you guys think the case is with a supplement company like this. If they start using your image and they start making products with your image to sell that product. Number one, should you get that product for free, at least one of them, and not be charged for that product if they're using your image on the product. And number two, should you be getting a percentage of the sales if they're using your image on the product. So in my opinion, I think the answer is both yes and yes. You should certainly get the product for free and you should also certainly get a percentage. So I think Lee Prizes and the right here, but I want to know what you guys think. Are you guys with Black Skull or are you guys with Lee Prizes on this? So let me know in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up. You enjoyed it. Next time of power signing out.