Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Ryan the Power. I'm going to make a video about Lee Priest. As you guys know, Lee Priest is my favorite body builder in terms of his overall physique and arm development, but specifically, I wanted to make a video about Lee Priest's most recent show, the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe. So specifically, I wanted to touch on why Lee Priest did that show. As you guys all know, Lee Priest is most well known for being an IFBB pro body builder. As many of you know, NABBA obviously is not the same organization as the IFBB. So Lee Priest's last competition in the IFBB would be in 2006. So in 2006, that would be the year that Lee Priest was banned from the IFBB. So essentially what happened to make a long story short, Lee Priest competed in an unsanctioned show. So as many of you already know, the IFBB has a policy in place where if you're an IFBB body builder and you compete in a rival organization or just any unsanctioned organization by the IFBB, you can be suspended or banned from the IFBB. And essentially that's what happened to Lee Priest and he was banned from the IFBB. So his professional career with them ended in 2006. So we had not seen Lee Priest since 2006 all the way up until the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe. Now obviously there was a seven year gap in between those two shows and Lee Priest had significant only more tattoos when he competed at the NABBA Mystery Universe. During his IFBB career he had some tattoos but never to the extent of when he competed in the Mystery Universe. So to be honest with you guys, I think Lee Priest looked incredible at the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe and his conditioning looked incredible as well. And he pretty much blew away all the other competitors on stage. Now to be honest with you guys, the caliber of competition in NABBA is not the same caliber of competition that you would find in the IFBB. So there is that to factor in. But overall we saw Lee Priest that was very reminiscent of the Lee Priest that we saw during his glory days in the IFBB. And when Lee Priest did this, it was actually a pretty big deal in terms of overall body building news because it was really a giant slap in the face to the IFBB. And that's one of the reasons why I'm a really big fan of Lee Priest is because he says what he thinks. He doesn't really care what anybody thinks of him. He's just an honest guy that says what's on his mind. Now to be completely honest, Lee Priest was one of the best body builders to come out of the late 90s and early 2000s in the IFBB. So today, this will be the equivalent of a guy like Roli Winkler, a guy that is a consistent top place or a guy that has a crazy physique. A guy that has won some pretty big shows in the IFBB, just suddenly deciding to join another organization. So back in 2013 when Lee Priest did this Mystery Universe competition, I actually still had my channel. It wasn't called Nick Stragman Power yet and obviously wasn't as big as it is today. And I did actually make a video about this back in 2013. But I wanted to make a new video today because I think it's a very important part of body building history because this is something that you just don't see anymore and you're probably not going to see a whole lot of stuff like this happening again because the Navbot is continually getting smaller and smaller and the IFBB is slowly becoming really the only pro body building organization that you want to compete in in the world. So I don't know if down the line you're ever going to see a top IFBB guy switched to another Federation. I just don't think we're going to see that happen. So I think it's really cool that Lee Priest actually went to do this because as many of you may or may not know, the Navbot Mystery Universe competition, I've said this many times, before the Mystery Olympia, the Navbot Mystery Universe was the premier title in body building and for a little while it rivaled the IFB and rivaled the Mystery Olympia as the number one most coveted title in body building. So it really is, it carries a lot of prestige, it carries a lot of history and for somebody like Lee Priest that has placed very highly at the Mystery Olympia, one some major pro shows in the IFBB place very highly at the Arnold Classic for a guy like that to go and win this other title, it actually is a very big deal in body building history, especially considering the fact that Lee Priest took a 7-year hiatus from the competitive stage and came back looking amazing he was still hitting his classic victory poses, his conditioning was on point again, really just smoking the other competitors. So let me know what you guys think about Lee Priest 2013 come back to the Navbot Mystery Universe and how he looked, please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it, next drink of power, signing out.