Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's next on the Power. So I actually wanted to make a video about Lee Priest and his mom actually. So in a lot of cases when we see a parent and a kid that are both in the body building specifically both very good body builders, it's typically a father and a son. So Lee Priest was kind of the exception of that trend and his mom was actually a very competitive and very successful female body builder who played a major role in Lee Priest getting into weightlifting. His grandfather also helped him a lot with coaching him and teaching him the basics of body building. Some of the early, you know, there's crazy videos of Lee Priest as a teenager. We're posing on stage with his mom. So his mom's name was Lynn Priest and you can see in these photos that you're looking at here of him posing on stage with his mom and the fast thing about these photos is Lee Priest was only 17 years old when these photos were taken. So these photos really speak to, you know, just the amazing genetics that Lee Priest actually had for body building number one. I mean, you can see his mom is actually a very good body builder. She's ripped, she's shredded. She's got a pretty aesthetic physique as far as female body building goes. But then looking at Lee Priest at 17 years old, I mean, this guy looked like he could knock out, you know, a lot of, you know, grown men that were kind of second to your IFPB body builders at the time. I mean, he looked tremendous just right out of the gate as a teenager. And another interesting thing about Lee Priest as a teenager is the main show that he competed in was the IFPB, Mr. Australia, which he won three times in a row. And he was 17, 18, and 19 each time he won those shows. And again, winning those shows, this, he was being grown men. And this actually speaks to how Lee Priest got his pro card at such a young age. Because of the fact, over in Australia, the Mr. Australia was like the biggest show you could do, but you couldn't get a pro card by doing it. So the powers that be in the IFPB saw this guy. I believe it was Wayne DeMilia at the time that initially saw Lee Priest. They saw him winning these shows. They saw how incredible his physique was. And they wanted him to have a pro card. So they brought him over to the United States. You competed in the amateur show, the Niagara Falls Championships. And when he won that show, that's when he got his pro card. Although technically that show wasn't really a pro qualifier, they kind of gave him that pro card. And the water's a little bit muddy on how he actually got that pro card. I mean, the circumstances of him being from Australia and just the availability of competition over there, it kind of lent him to a disadvantage as far as actually turning pro. And obviously he did have a physique that was well beyond worthy of a pro card at that time. So I think it's great that at the age of 12, you know, Lee Priest mother and grandfather got him into bodybuilding. Can see photos here of him around age 13, just immediately showing bodybuilding promise. And again, I believe his mother is a very large part of why Lee Priest was so successful. Had he not gotten into bodybuilding as early as he did, primarily due to the interest that his family had in bodybuilding, who knows what would have happened as far as him turning pro as far as him getting noticed. I mean, I think a big part of the appeal of Lee Priest was, you know, this guy was a teenager winning the Mr. Australia competition, beating grown men and people were taking notice. They're like, this guy is, this guy's good. We need to give him a pro card. So who knows, man, had Lee Priest mom not been a bodybuilder, maybe he would have never, you know, went on to become an eye to be pro. Maybe he wouldn't have competed until way later in his life. And I think really the chips ended up falling perfectly for him at 1718 and 19 winning that Mr. Australia. I just kind of the perfect storm for him to get noticed. Again, a lot of that can be attributed to his mom. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I thought a lot of these photos of Lee Priest and his mom at that young age would make for a really interesting video. I'm not sure if a lot of people have seen them or not. And I've done a couple of father and son bodybuilding videos as well. But I thought it would be interesting to make a, you know, mother and son bodybuilding video. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength of power signing out.