Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I'm going to make a video about Lee Priest. I've said many times that Lee Priest is my favorite body builder. But I wanted to make a video in particular about why Lee Priest was such a good body builder during his era. Obviously Lee Priest came along in the mid 90s. I'm really during the era of the mass monster during Dorian Yates' Olympia Rain. And his body building career at the Olympia would span the reign of three different Mr. Olympias in Jay Cutler, Ronnie Coleman, and Dorian Yates. And you could also include Dexter Jackson in that group because Dexter won the 2008 Mr. Olympia and Lee Priest did make that comeback in 2013 at the Mr. Universe. So technically Lee Priest beat three of the four Mr. Olympias that he competed against during his body building career at some point or another on the Olympia stage. So Lee Priest Olympia career would begin in 1997 which would be the final year that Dorian Yates had win in Mr. Olympia. Lee Priest would play sixth at the 1997 Mr. Olympia and this was a lineup of many mass monsters. You had Nastrel somebody. Yeah Dorian Yates. You had a young Ronnie Coleman who would win the Olympia the following year. You had Paul Delect, you had Mike Mauderosa, you had JP Fuchs and of these guys. Lee Priest played sixth, beating JP Fuchs, Ronnie Coleman and Mike Mauderosa. Now this is the reason why I finally priest to be such an impressive competitor. He was much smaller both in a stand point of height and a stand point of muscle mass than many of the competitors in the 90s and the early 2000s. Lee Priest stood only five foot four inches tall, weighing roughly in the 220s on stage. But he was beating guys that weighed 50 or even 60 pounds more than him and that was 50 to 60 pounds of muscle. For example in 1998 when he placed seventh at the Mr. Olympia, he beat Paul Delect, beat Gunter's Sleer camp. He beat Ernie Taylor. Paul Delect and Gunter were guys at weighed 272 80 on stage again. 50 to 60 pounds heavier than Lee Priest. Now 1999 Lee would place eighth at the Mr. Olympia, beating Jay Cutler, Dexter Jackson and Marcus Rool. Marcus Rool probably the biggest of the guys that Lee Priest has beaten and Lee Priest has beaten him several times on stage. Routinely actually. So then the following year at the 2000 Mr. Olympia, Lee Priest moves back up to six place, beats Jay Cutler again, beats Dexter Jackson again. So now he has beaten three Mr. Olympias during his Olympia career. He beats Gunter Sleer camp again and Gunter Sleer camp is the guy that would give Ronnie Coleman a run for his money in 2002. He beats Marcus Rool again in 2000. Now fast forward to the 2002 Mr. Olympia, Lee Priest placed sixth again and in this show he actually beats Flex Wheeler. And also the 2002 Olympia is one of the most stacked Olympias ever having 25 competitors. So Lee Priest placed sixth out of 25, beating a total of 19 guys for that placing. So even though Lee Priest never actually won a Mr. Olympia or never won an Arnold Classic, he did win the Iron Man Pro and he did win the Knight of Champions in New York and he also won the San Francisco Pro as well. But even though he never won that Olympia, I think the fact that he can consistently place so highly against guys that were clearly just monstrously bigger than him, makes him the embodiment of what bodybuilding is really about. A bigger guy with worse conditioning, worse symmetry, just less balance and less proportionality is not going to be the smaller guy like Lee Priest when Lee Priest comes correct and has that good proportion and that good structure. And that's the embodiment of what I think bodybuilding should be about. And of course in addition to that, in my opinion, Lee Priest had some of the greatest arms in the history of bodybuilding. And then of course you also have the unfortunate fact that Lee Priest was banned from the I-B-B-B-N 2006 for competing in a non-sanctioned organization's competition. And of course I did a video separately on that, but I think it's a shame that Lee Priest was kind of, you know, made into the black sheep of the I-B-B when he did, you know, he achieved some great things. I mean, beating three out of four future or former Mr. Olympia competitors that he would go head to head with is very impressive. Eating Ronnie Coleman, Jay Cutler, and Dexter Jackson on the list of guys you've beaten during your professional career is a very impressive list. So that's the video guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please leave it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and let me know in the comments section below about what you think in terms of Lee Priest versus these guys much bigger than himself in the fact that he was the giant killer of the 90s and early 2000s. Thank you guys for watching the video. Nick strength and power signing out.