This station is the first back for his comeback. So what he's trying to say is gonna retire after this year because this all means on the way back. Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with next time of power. So probably the most requested topic for a video right now. As will he please be making a comeback anytime soon to compete in the 2-12 division. Now the reason for this and I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen this already. So on Flex Lewis's Instagram story he's training with Lee Priest and Lee Priest jokingly says he's gonna beat Flex Lewis at the 2-12 Olympia. So obviously Lee Priest was joking in that video but could this be foreshadowing of a potential Lee Priest comeback? I'm now as we've seen Lee Priest has been a lot more active going to a lot more expose going to IFBB events, taking pictures with a lot of the current pros, posting them on Instagram. He's been a lot more open in the IFBB circles and he has been for the past 10 years. I mean Lee Priest was banned from the IFBB back in 2006 due to competing in an organization, competing in a competition really that wasn't sanctioned by the IFBB. So it was the IFBB's non-sanctioned policy that ended up getting him banned from the IFB. And that was back in 2006. Now even though that was all the way back in 2006, 12 years ago, it's not that Lee Priest has not been bodybuilding that past 12 years. I mean he competed as recently as 2013 winning the 2013 in NABB of Mystery Universe. So he's competed within the last 5 years. So when he talked about guys that have made unsuccessful comeback like Kevin LeVrony, or Flex Wheeler, these are guys that took large chunks of time where they didn't train. They weren't training for bodybuilding. They stopped being bodybuilders for a large chunk of time. Whereas Lee Priest has always been Lee Priest. I mean he's been training this entire time. Again he competed back in 2013 and he's only 45 years old. Now Kevin LeVrony, I believe it was 53 at the Arnold Classic Australia in 2018. So Lee Priest is a full decade younger almost than Kevin LeVrony. And even though Kevin LeVrony didn't place, he still looked very respectable on stage. So could Lee Priest make a comeback. I think absolutely he could. And I would even say absolutely he could if he were intending to come back in the men's open division. But since he mentioned the men's 212 division, that brings up a very interesting point because this is something that Kevin LeVrony wasn't able to do. But this is something that Flex Wheeler tried to do when he competed in Classic physique. There's these new divisions now. That weren't around back in the late 90s in early 2000s. So Lee Priest has a new opportunity to compete in the division that he's never competed in before in the 212 division. Because even though Lee Priest was very successful in the men's open division, back when he competed with the IFPB, he only weighed just over 200 pounds, maybe 220 max in competition condition. So the 212 is actually a perfect division for Lee Priest. Who stands only 5 foot 4. So the potential is actually there for Lee Priest to come back competing the 212 Olympia and actually plays even higher than he ever placed competing in the men's open Olympia. Now I believe his highest placing in the men's open Olympia was a 6 place finish at the Olympia. So the question is, could he compete in the 212 Olympia and plays higher than 6th? I think absolutely that is a possibility. Now of course there are two major factors that are going to come in the play here. Number one, whether or not the IFPB is going to let him come back. Which is something that seems to be a possibility right now because he's going to all these IFPB events which he wasn't going to before. Some people were saying he wasn't allowed to go to some of these events before and now he's going to the Arnold Classic. I'm going to all these different expos. So he's definitely trying to get in a little bit more on this side of the sport. So I do think it's a possibility that the IFPB might let him compete. I mean again it's been 10 years now since the whole kind of bullshit situation with banning him. And as they say time heals all wounds so maybe this is kind of this bad blood is kind of past and he might have the opportunity to compete. Now the other obvious variable here is going to be Lee Priest Tattoos. Will his Tattoos hinder his ability to compete on the IFPB level especially the Olympia level. I think honestly they might be a disadvantage. He had some tattoos back when he was in the IFPB before but not nearly to the extent that he has now. However in 2013 when he won the Mr. Universe he had a ton of tattoos and he was still able to win the biggest title in Naba the Navumister Universe. So could the Tattoos hurt his placing maybe a little bit but do they disqualify him from still being a good bodybuilder as we can see with the Navumister Universe clearly not. You can still win a show with Tattoos. So the myth that you know if you get all these Tattoos it'll destroy your physique and destroy your playsings. He really proved all that wrong with the 2013 Universe win. So while right now it's still kind of it's all speculation but since people keep asking me do I think he will come back do I think he can come back how do I think he will do. The answer is yes I think he certainly can come back and the answer is also yes I think he can come back and have a successful showing at a show like the Olympia at a show like the Arnold Classic 2012 even. I think those are certainly possibilities for him. I think the door is wide open for him. Hell David Henry who was a 212 bodybuilder is 43 years old only two years younger than Lee Priest and he just took fifth at the Arnold Classic in 2018 and took fourth at the 2017 Olympia in the 2012. So again the possibility is certainly there for Lee Priest to make a comeback and personally I certainly hope he does. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think do you think Lee Priest is going to make a comeback do you think he can and would you like to see him make a comeback. So please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it and the strength of power signing out.