Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Shreim of Power. So I wanted to talk about the two biggest comebacks of 2018 and I'll be the comeback of both Dennis Wolf and Kevin LeVrony. Dennis Wolf making is a original debut at the 2018 Arno Classic in Columbus, Ohio. And of course, the long awaited debut of Kevin LeVrony at the 2018 Arno Classic in Australia. Now we haven't seen Dennis Wolf for almost two years now due to his injury. And then we haven't seen Kevin LeVrony since the 2016 Olympia. So that gave Kevin LeVrony over 18 months to prepare for this show. So a lot of people were expecting him to completely transform his physique. And as you saw, we didn't really see the result that I think a lot of people were expecting. So the premise of this video is going to be who had the better comeback of 2018, Kevin LeVrony or Dennis Wolf because there are positives and negatives of both of these guys come back. So we're going to start with Kevin LeVrony here because I think his comeback was the bigger story coming out of the Arno Laustrial weekend. So Kevin LeVrony, I think what a lot of people were expecting was that he was going to be able to train his legs and that his legs were going to respond. Based on what he told us after the 2016 Olympia, he said an injury was preventing him from training legs. Now that he was over that injury, he would be able to train legs again and they would look good for his next show. So that's what we were all expecting to see. And of course that was not the case. It seemed as legs are just not going to respond again. He's 53 years old and I think at this point it just is what it is. Now we're going to start with the positives of his comeback. So number one, I would say would be his upper body. So his upper body is certainly pretty comparable. And I'm aside from the back, pretty comparable to how he looked back in the day when he was in his prime. So I think he's been able to bring a tremendous amount of size to the stage, which is one major upside to his comeback. Because when you compare that with Dennis Wolf, that was the problem that Dennis Wolf ran into was not being able to bring in a lot of size with his comeback. So that's a plus for Kevin LaRoni and kind of a downside for Dennis Wolf. So another plus for Kevin LaRoni would be overcoming his age. Again he's 53 years old and for a 53 year old man, we can all say he looked pretty phenomenal on that stage. Now unfortunately those are pretty much the only two positives that I can give him for this 2018 Arnold Classic Australia because the negatives, I think there's far more than there are positives unfortunately. So the first negative would be, I would say he actually looked significantly better at the 2016 Mr. Olympia than he looked here. I mean a lot of people were expecting that with those 18 months that he had to prepare between that Olympia and now he was going to look much much better at this show than he looked at the Olympia. But I think if anything that 2016 Olympia was his best comeback appearance and this was you know really kind of a let down for a lot of fans. The second negative I would say would definitely be his legs. Again I think a lot of people were thinking with this time off and all this time that he had to train. The legs were going to be bigger and the legs were going to respond better. And while the legs were a little bit bigger than the Olympia, I'm going to get to this point next. The reason they were bigger was really because the conditioning was off and that Kevin LaRoni tried to come in bigger and play the size game. So that brings me to the next negative point here. Unfortunately Kevin LaRoni did try to play the size game. I mean he came in with his conditioning way off the mark. His conditioning at the Olympia was far superior to the conditioning that he brought at the Arnold Classic Australia. And finally Kevin LaRoni's placing will be 13 out of 14 competitors. So that would be the final result of his comeback. So that brings us to Dennis Wolf. So a lot of people actually seemed kind of disappointed with Dennis Wolf's comeback. Now I'm going to be honest with you guys. I think Dennis Wolf looked phenomenal. Now obviously Dennis Wolf wasn't able to bring back the size that he had when he was in his prime. He's obviously not as big. He's obviously not as full. He's obviously not as round. But Dennis Wolf brought it. Dennis Wolf brought conditioning. That was arguably one of the best conditioned body builders on stage. So he knew he wasn't going to come in with that size. So what he did was he came in with that FU conditioning. He said, I'm going to bring a conditioning that's so gnarly to this day to you just can't ignore me. I know I'm not as big as I was. I'm know I'm not as good as I was. But my conditioning is going to be on point. And as a result, Dennis Wolf placed three placing higher than Kevin LaRoni placing 10th at the Arnold Classic Australia and beating four guys in that lineup, which is a significant move up from how he did at the Arnold Ohio. So I don't know if it was the lighting in the Arnold Australia or what, but I think Dennis Wolf looked significantly better at the Arnold Australia than he looked in the Arnold Ohio. So the plus size of his physique, I would say definitely the conditioning. He just can't ignore how well conditioned he was. I mean, this guy was shredded to the bone. You can't ignore that at all. I would say his lower body, another plus side. I think his lower body is very similar to how it looked when he was in his prime. His upper body is a lot more noticeable in terms of the downsized aspect of his physique. But I think his lower body is still hanging in there pretty well. And another plus would be his posing. I think his posing routine was very, very good. Now the negatives, unfortunately there were a couple negatives for me. Number one would be his mid-section. His midsection looked a little bit suspect at times during the Arnold Australia. I'm a number two would be obviously his arms. Now his arms have never been a strong point for him. And this show was no exception to that, you know, general rule. So overall, I have Dennis Wolf as the more successful come back when it comes down to Kevin LaRoni versus Dennis Wolf because Dennis Wolf brought the conditioning. And as a result of that, he placed three places higher than Kevin LaRoni. And in my opinion, it looks significantly better than Kevin LaRoni. Now I think had Kevin LaRoni done what Dennis Wolf did and didn't try to come in so big and had that crazy, you know, FU conditioning. We might be talking about a completely different story. Even if Kevin's legs were still a little bit off and we saw Kevin LaRoni come with conditioning. That was better than that that he brought at the 2016 Olympia. We could have seen Kevin LaRoni possibly crack that top 10. But the conditioning was just so off. I think Dennis Wolf certainly takes the competition of Kevin LaRoni in this case. Now on my channel guys, I do have a pole going. I'm re-guess can vote who you think had the better come back. So if you go to my channel page and go to the community tab, there's a pole there where you can vote either Dennis Wolf or Kevin LaRoni. And right now Dennis Wolf is the take away winner at over 84% right now. And I believe there's about 8 to 9,000 votes in right now. So let me know in the comment section below who you guys have Dennis Wolf or Kevin LaRoni who was the more successful come back of 2018. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.