Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nickch on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about one of the most famous body building rivalries of all time. And that is the rivalry between Lou Ferigno and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now I'm sure many of you guys as body building fans are familiar with this rivalry. Probably through the 1977 DocuDrama Pumping Iron, which covered the 1975 Mr. Olympia and the road leading up to it. More specifically, the journeys of both Arnold and Lou to that Olympia stage in 1975. Now the interesting thing about this is that Lou Ferigno actually didn't even take second to Arnold at that year's Olympia. The Olympia serves Lou Brey actually took second in 1975 and Lou Ferigno took third. So Lou Ferigno wasn't even really the main rival of Arnold if you're actually talking about from a judging standpoint. Now the reason they focused on Arnold versus Lou in Pumping Iron was actually because there's a little bit of controversy surrounding Serge Lou Brey and his involvement in some previous alleged pornographic films before Pumping Iron was filmed. In addition to the controversy of the videos that Serge May or may not have been involved with, there's also some disagreement about how much money he was being paid. Apparently he was being paid significantly less or he was offered significantly less than Arnold and Lou and Serge actually had a significant amount of acting experience in his home country of France. He felt he was deserved to be paid more than they were offering him and because of that he had very limited involvement. I'm in a very limited role in the actual film so they couldn't focus on Serge versus Arnold so for that reason by default they focused on Lou Ferigno versus Arnold. So the main reason I wanted to focus on this rivalry between Lou and Arnold Schwarzenegger is because I think arguably Lou Ferigno is an uncrown Mr. Olympia. The most famous bodybuilders of all time to go into the main stream of acting. I'd say behind Arnold Schwarzenegger he's probably the second most well known bodybuilder in the world. And for that reason I'm sure many people that aren't hardcore fans of bodybuilding and no Lou through his acting roles like Hercules or his TV appearance as the incredible hawk. I'm sure they think he is a former Mr. Olympia winner because he's such a famous bodybuilder and they associate, you know, famous bodybuilders with being top guys like Arnold Schwarzenegger seven time Mr. Olympia. So I'm sure to the main stream he already is a Mr. Olympia. I'm sure most people think he already won the highest title in bodybuilding because he is so famous. However, that is not the case during the Golden era bodybuilding in the 70s Lou Ferigno would actually only compete at two Mr. Olympia competitions. Once in 1974 taking second to arguably the biggest Arnold Schwarzenegger that we had ever seen on a bodybuilding stage Arnold claimed he came in at over 250 pounds at that show. Which is the biggest Arnold would have ever weighed on stage. Then the following year in 1975 of course the pumping iron Mr. Olympia he would take third to search in a bra and of course Arnold Schwarzenegger. After which Lou would retire from bodybuilding and pursue his career in acting starting with the incredible hawk in the late 70s. Now this brings me to why I consider Lou Ferigno to be an uncrown Mr. Olympia because he would lead bodybuilding in 1975 to pursue acting. He would then skip the 1976 Mr. Olympia which I think was very unfortunate for Lou because in my opinion I think he could have easily won the 76 Mr. Olympia and possibly the 7778 and 79. I'll get to that in a minute. So in 1976 there was destined to be a new Mr. Olympia champion. Arnold Schwarzenegger was now gone. He was not competing in 76 and serves New Bray did not compete in 76. So in the over 200 category there are only two competitors. Ken Waller and Mike Katz. Both of whom were featured the year prior in pumping iron but it was not for their journey to the Mr. Olympia. They were still amateur at the time. So both of these guys I think Lou Ferigno could have beat them very, very easily. Then you had the under 200 division. A Franco Colombo Frank Zane Ed Corny, Bill Grant and Boyer Co. And of course as history goes to show, Franco Colombo would beat Ken Waller in the overall becoming the first under 200 bodybuilder to win the Mr. Olympia. And then of course in 7778 and 79 you would have Frank Zane win the Mr. Olympia. So the four years after Lou retired there would be a four year reign of under 200 pound Mr. Olympia. Now the interesting thing about this is that during his competitive career in the 70s in particular, Lou was about 280 pounds, 6 foot 5. But not only was he really, you know, one of the earliest mass monsters ever, he wasn't just a big guy. He actually had a very aesthetic, very proportional, very balanced physique. So it's not like these smaller guys could have beat him on proportions or bounds or lines because Lou Ferigno actually did have all of those things and he had the mass to go with it. So I think if Lou had held off one more year and did the 76 Olympia and pushed back to acting to 77, he could have won 76 in retired bodybuilding with that Olympia win. And of course he would come back in 1992 to try again for that Olympia title. But as we know he would place outside of the top 10 there. But Lou Ferigno's bodybuilding career would not be without major wins. He did win the Mr. Universe twice in 73 and 74. And he also won the Mr. America competition. But still none of those contests were as big as winning the Mr. Olympia. Now of course if you go back to 1975 and you look at Lou Ferigno's journey to beating Arnold Schwarzenegger at the 1975 Olympia, they focus heavily in pumping iron on the relationship between Lou and his father, Matty Ferigno. Now according to Lou himself after he did not be Arnold in 1975, his father disowned him. And many bodybuilding fans speculate that that disowned him from his father is really a large reason why Lou Ferigno did decide to quit competing in bodybuilding. And you wanted to pursue other venues. And then in addition to that you have the obvious struggle of Lou Ferigno, I'm having about 80% hearing loss, which is why when he speaks he speaks a little bit mumbled because he can't hear himself speaking to our articulated words. So I think the story of the accomplishments of a guy like Lou Ferigno is about on par with the accomplishments of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger obviously overcame being an immigrant, became the greatest bodybuilder in the world, and then became one of the greatest actors in one of the action stars in the world. Then of course you had Lou Ferigno overcoming a major hearing deficit, a speech impediment being disowned by his father. Losing that 75 Olympia title to Arnold when he expected to win it. And even though he never won the Mr. Olympia he became one of the most well-known bodybuilders on the face of the earth and still a very successful actor. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time in power signing out.