Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here wouldn't extend the power. So I've got something very interesting that I wanted to share with you guys today. So I came across this on Instagram. So this guy is like a woodworker, sculptor, carver. I mean, what he's doing is he took this giant hunk of a tree. I mean, he's sculpting it into a life size, or I guess a larger than life size, sculpture of Arnold Schwarzenegger. So I'm going to kind of show you guys pictures of the progression of this sculpture from the starting point, basically this giant tree stump to this guy had all the way to where he's at now, and he's still not finished with it, but it looks very impressive. I mean, there's one of the coolest things I've seen in a while on Instagram. So this guy's name is James O'Neill. His Instagram username, if you guys want to follow the progress of this statue, is Jim 104 GMC. And he only has actually about 15,000 followers on Instagram. And he's pictures where he posts the pictures of the Arnold statue. They only get like a thousand likes on it. So really not that many people have seen this, but I think, you know, it's really actually amazing. Because honestly, he has this thing down to every last detail. The shape of the muscle, the shape of the biceps. He's got veins in there. You can see the serratus muscle from the front double bicep. He's got the vacuum pose, worked into it. The quads, the hamstrings, the calves, the face, the face and the hair. In my opinion, it's one of the most impressive parts of this whole thing. Because really, you know, it actually really does resemble Arnold Schwarzenegger's face. I just think it's amazing to be able to have a talent like this. And I've been following this guy pretty much since the beginning of this sculpture. So watching the shape of this tree stump, basically become this awesome image of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It's been amazing to watch as the detail gets more and more. And it starts to resemble Arnold Schwarzenegger. And apparently this guy doesn't only do body builders, but he does special in these sculptures of physics and actual people. He's done Connor McGregor. He's done Muhammad Ali. He's done Chris Cyborg. And the Connor McGregor one, actually, I think is very accurate too. I mean, it looks just like Connor. I mean, this guy is really talented. I think this is something that, you know, the bodybuilding community would enjoy seeing. I think this guy deserves a little bit bigger of an audience because honestly, I think it's amazing what he's doing. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time from Power, signing out.