Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. It's a little bit of interesting news in the fitness world today. Mark Bell, who owns super training gym and of course invented the slingshot. Recently announced he's going to be doing a bodybuilding show. Now Mark Bell obviously is most known for his powerlifting, particularly his bench press. But the interesting thing about him announcing that he's doing a bodybuilding show is not so much the fact that he's a powerlifting transitioning to bodybuilding. It's the fact that the coach that he has coaching him for this bodybuilding show is honey Rambot. Now honey Rambot is the same guy that coaches four-time Mr. Olympia, Jeremy Boyne, Dia, and more notably seven-time Mr. Olympia feel heath. So it appears that Mark Bell is not messing around here and he wants to do this right and he doesn't want to look foolish. Like some people do when they cross over from powerlifting the bodybuilding or from classic to bodybuilding or switching divisions or whatever. Mark Bell seems to be actually taking a very serious approach to this which has a lot of people excited to see what the final result will be. So obviously a lot of people are asking me my opinion on this. I'm quite frankly I'm very excited to see what happens. I think it's going to be an interesting thing for the sport. And I've said this many times. I think any time or an athlete crosses over whether it be from a different sport like powerlifting in the bodybuilding or within bodybuilding, crossing over from men's to the acro crossing over from classic to the acro whatever. I always think that's interesting and I always think that's good for the sport because it potentially brings people from the other side to the bodybuilding side to watch what happens. So I think as a result of Mark Bell doing this a lot of people who are simply powerlifting or fans of powerlifting might gain some interest in watching bodybuilding depending on what show he does. I'm pretty sure it's not going to be anything major. It's probably going to be a smaller local show. So what do I think about this overall? I think Mark Bell has a decent physique for a powerlifting for a bodybuilder. Obviously looking at these photos. He doesn't have the best structure for a bodybuilder. Now again, I'm a fan of Mark. I like him. I like his products. I like his podcast. The power cast I think it's called. But overall, this isn't going to be a guy that's going to be pursuing a career in bodybuilding. I don't think he's got the greatest structure. I don't think he's going to do tremendously well. He might win whatever a local show he does. Do I think this is going to be Mark Bell's journey to become an IFBB pro? Certainly not. Do I think Mark Bell is going to be competing on some national level bodybuilding stage? Probably not. So what I'm saying is I think this is more or less a publicity stunt. There's nothing wrong with that. I think it's just really kind of a one time thing to get views. It's not going to be the beginning of Mark Bell's bodybuilding career. I think it's just Mark Bell trying out bodybuilding showcasing it and trying to do again a publicity stunt. I'm trying to get some views off it. Again, there's nothing wrong with that. But I think that takes away a little bit from the excitement factor. I'm sure a lot of people are watching this thinking Mark Bell is going to go on to pursue bodybuilding from this point forward. And I don't think that's going to be the case at all. I think after this show is done, he's going to look good. Again, he's probably going to win whatever category and whatever local show and he's probably going to get some views off it. It's probably going to be very interesting for all of us to watch and comment on. But I don't think it's going to be the same as like a Larry wheels pursuing bodybuilding. Larry wheels a guy with freak genetics. I mean, from a strength standpoint, Antron muscular standpoint. Larry wheels are just a freak. I mean, he's got the genetics for both Mark Bell. So I don't think the expectations are set as high. So I think when people watch him compete, it's going to be a better result. I think people are going to be happier with whatever package he brings just to see him on a bodybuilding stage. We'll be enough for the people that are watching. And especially if you look at where Mark Bell started, I mean, Self admittedly, he was pretty fat when he started. So looking at the starting point, I think it's going to be even more impressive to see him ripped on a bodybuilding stage. So I'm excited to see it. I'm not really expecting a pro-card or national level competition or anything else like that. But I do think it'll be an interesting, you know, one off type of things. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Mark Bell deciding to pursue bodybuilding. How do you think he will do? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schrema Power signing out.