

=== FILE: 1973： Arnold's Most Shredded Physique [AdjyhxHoQJY].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So in this video I want to talk about the 1973 Mr Olympia, specifically Arnold Schwarzenegger's physique at that Olympia. And this would be the year that Arnold Schwarzenegger would actually break Sergio Aliva's record of winning three Olympias and this would be Arnold's fourth Olympia win. Winning in 1971, 72 and of course that year in 1973. So specifically the 1973 Olympia, I believe is Arnold Schwarzenegger's most shredded physique that he ever brought to the Olympia stage. Now the following year in 1974, most people would argue that 1974 was the biggest physique that Arnold ever brought to the Olympia stage. Many say 1974 is the only time the Arnold was over 250 pounds on stage. But in 1973 we saw the most shredded and arguably the best version of Arnold that we had ever seen. I mean everything about Arnold at this Olympia was just completely on point. Arnold wasn't really known for having the best legs he never has been, but in 1973 his conditioning was so good that the separation in his legs was amazing. And you've got to keep in mind the legs back in the 70s weren't like the legs that we see today. So the separation that Arnold had in his legs in 1973 was really a groundbreaking level of leg separation especially from the front. So I think the front double bicep pose tells a lot of the story about Arnold's conditioning in 1973, but I think probably the best pose is this pose you're looking at here. The most muscular pose from 1973. This pose right here really exemplifies how conditioned Arnold really was. The striations in the pecs arguably better than we've ever seen from Arnold's deep crazy striations in the pecs. The shoulders crazy striated. And I would also say that from a vascularity standpoint this could be the most vascular version of Arnold's words and I guess that we've ever seen. Just look at the thickness and the deepness of the veins that you can see in his biceps and that most muscular pose. Probably the thickest his veins have ever been in the most that they've ever stood out was in 1973. Now a couple interesting facts about the 1973 Mr Olympia number one would be the fact that Sergio Levo was originally scheduled to compete. But this was a show that he was actually to squallified from or barred from competing by the IFBB for competing in a rival organization known as the WBBG or the World Body Building Guild. And this was a promotion done by Dan Loury, who was one of the biggest rivals to Joe Weedre. So in 1972 Sergio Levo competed in the WBBG Mr Galaxy competition. And this was after the IFBB had implemented their non-sanction policy in 1991. So 1991 was the year of the IFBB said, okay, if you guys want to compete in other organizations, that's fine. But if you do so, you won't be able to compete at the Olympic. You can only be an IFBB pro body builder. You can't be a pro body builder in other organizations. The IFBB is it. So we could have seen Arnold and Sergio go head to head in 1973, but we actually didn't. So there was only three competitors at the 1973 Mr Olympia. You had Arnold Schwarzenegger, Franco Colombo, and of course serves New Bray. And another interesting fact about the 1973 Mr Olympia was this was one of the few years in body building where the prize money for the Olympia actually dropped from the previous year. So in 1972 the prize money was $1,000, then it would drop $250 down to $750 in 1973. So as we know Arnold Schwarzenegger won that show, Franco would take second and third new Bray would take the third place spot. So again, in my opinion, 1973 was one of the most shredded physics that Arnold ever brought. He had that hard, you know, but grainy and dense, crazy muscle that was just super shredded. Unlike anything we had ever seen from Arnold before. Arnold was typically known for coming in big and in some cases coming in soft, especially in those early mystery universe competitions that you won throughout the 60s. But at this particular show, we saw Arnold like we had never seen him before, extremely ripped, and extremely hard, and just striations and veins all over. So in my opinion, 1973, the most conditioned Arnold we ever saw let me know in the comments section below what you guys think, what year was Arnold's most conditioned physique. Please give the video a thumbs up, you enjoyed it, next time you're in power, signing out.

=== FILE: 1976： The First Olympia without Arnold [eW4kmvdhQPs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power. So I want to make a video today about the 1976 Mr. Olympia contest. Now you might be asking yourselves, what is the significance of the 1976 Mr. Olympia? Well, in the early 1970s, Arnold Schwarzenegger dominated the Olympia scene and was the most dominant Mr. Olympia in Olympia history at that point in time when he was first six Olympia titles from 1975 ending with the 1975 Mr. Olympia. Obviously the filming of Pumping Iron took place. Documenting the journey of Arnold Schwarzenegger Lou Fergnot and of course Serge New Bray to that 1975 Olympia stage. And of course as we all know in 1975, a lot of people thought that marked the end of an era because Arnold officially announced his retirement during the 1975 Mr. Olympia after he won that title. Now as we all know he would come back in 1980, but the following year in 1976 would be the first Mr. Olympia without Arnold Schwarzenegger. And that made things very, very interesting. Now before we dive into the 1976 Mr. Olympia, I want to rewind a little bit to the 1974 Mr. Olympia. Now the reason I want to do that is because in 1974, that was the first Mr. Olympia competition ever to have two different weight classes. The over 200 and of course the under 200. Now that fact is important because in 1976 you'd have the first winner of a Mr. Olympia that won the under 200 and then went on to win the overall the overall Olympia title by defeating a heavyweight or an over 200 pound body builder. So in 1976 not only was Arnold no longer in the over 200 division, but Lou Fergnot and Serge New Bray, who had previously been dominant members of the over 200, both of them were not in it as well. So all of the competitors in the over 200 division were brand new competitors to the Mr. Olympia and Ken Waller who won and Mike Katz who took second. Now you may remember both of those names from Pumping Iron. Now their journey was documented but was not their journey to the Mr. Olympia. It was their journey to a amateur show. In 1976 would be both of their first Olympias then in the under 200 pound category had Franco Colombo, Frank Zane, Ed Corny, Bill Grant and Boyer Coe, Bill Grant and Boyer Coe also competing in their first Mr. Olympia ever. So 1976 marked the end of an era and marked the end of the era of Arnold Schwarzenegger and it marked the beginning of an era of new body building champions. Particularly it marked the beginning of the under 200 body builder era. So from 1976 to 1979 the winner of the Mr. Olympia competition would be all under 200 pound body builder. So in 1976 of course you had Franco Colombo winning his first of two Mr. Olympias. So that was significant that Franco won his first title. But the following year 1977, 1978 and 1979 you had Frank Zane win his three Mr. Olympia titles. Frank Zane also an under 200 pound body builder. So the interesting thing here is that Arnold Schwarzenegger would come back in 1980 to compete in the 1980 Mr. Olympia and at the 1980 Mr. Olympia there were no weight classes. There was no over 200 there was no under 200. So the end of Arnold Schwarzenegger's body building career marked the beginning of the under 200 champion and then Arnold Schwarzenegger coming back in 1980 marked the end of the under 200 champions. I don't know what significance there is to that and if Arnold had anything to do with that that just happens to be the case. So that is the story of the significance of the 1976 Mr. Olympia. I've got a couple other very popular videos about some of the older Mr. Olympias as well and I'm planning on doing some more in the future. So stay tuned for those. Thank you guys for watching the video. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give this video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time of power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Arnold Classic Australia Full Recap [8M0oA5Azfao].txt ===

Alright guys, so the results are in from the 2018 Arno Classic in Australia. I know a lot of you guys wanted to watch it last night but due to the time difference between Australia and the US and obviously other countries as well. For me in the US, the Arno Classic Australia didn't start until about 3am. So I didn't really have a chance to watch the whole thing until today that day after it happened. So there's a little bit of a changing of the guard here. In this 2018 Arno Classic Australia versus what we saw at the Arno Classic in Columbus, Ohio, definitely different results. William Bonac did not come out on top. So first I'll give you guys the top six and then I'll give you guys some other places that I found to be interesting. So you got Roli Winkler winning his first ever Arno Classic Australia. So very big props to Roli. I'm very impressive beating William Bonac moving up significantly from that fourth place finish at the Arno to Ohio to winning a couple weeks later at the Arno of Australia. So on second place you had William Bonac looking in my opinion, very very similar to how he looked at the Arno Classic in Columbus, Ohio. Roli Winkler, he did look at Chad Sharper in my opinion, then he looked at the Arno to Ohio. But it was a tremendous amount of playsings to move up in my opinion. I mean moving up three playsings to win just based on a little bit sharper conditioning. I thought it was kind of a weird decision because honestly I felt that Bonac wasn't really off to me. Bonac looked like he was just as conditioned as he was at the Arno of Ohio. He looked great. Roli Winkler did look better. He looked a little bit more conditioned a little bit sharper. Again, it's only a two week difference. And I think that Roli's color looked better, meaning his tan was better at the Arno of Australia than it was at the Arno of Ohio. I think that played a big factor in how good he actually looked. But yeah, so you had William Bonac in second. You had Dexter Jackson in third. So Dexter Jackson, I would say the main takeaway is that left by step. So that by step that seemed a little bit off at the 2018 Arno Classic in Ohio seemed a lot more off at this Arno Classic in Australia. Now I think it was so off to the point where maybe he didn't even deserve third. I mean, it was very, very noticeable at the Arno Classic in Australia. It looked like it was potentially torn and it just really threw off his balance of his physique. And he actually just, he did not look happy while he was posing, especially in the front double bicep poses. But yeah, you had Dexter Jackson in third. And then this placing is a placing that I don't really agree with. Yeah, Lucas Oslo do in fourth place. And this is a guy. He does bring pretty good conditioning to the stage. But overall his physique, I don't want to hate on the guy. But honestly, it's one of the least aesthetic physiques. I don't want to say ugliest, but it's just not pretty to look at. This guy's physique, his midsection. I think it's just horrible. However, his conditioning is usually on point. So that's probably what guy in that fourth place thought. But then you had a headache, I'm a GC and fifth. And I would say you could have made a pretty good argument for he day taught of being better than Lucas Oslo do and putting he day taught at even in fourth. And then you had Luke Sando in sixth. So that's the top six guys. But let me get to some other play things that I thought you guys might want to know about. So Dennis Wolf obviously, this is his second show since his comeback at the 2018 on a classic in Ohio. Obviously he's been off for a while due to an injury. We all know he lost a tremendous amount of size. And during this comeback, he's been trying to put that size back on. Now obviously as we saw at the Arnold Ohio, he wasn't able to put all of that size back on. But he was able to put some of it and then come in with crazy conditioning in order to place decently at the Arnold Ohio. But he placed even better at the Arnold Australia. Dennis Wolf placed within the top 10, placing a solid tenth place in beating four guys. So in 11th, the Nathan Williamson and 12th, he had Sam Pierce. I'm 13th, you had Kevin LeRoni and in 14th, you had Darren O'Nakawa. So this is actually one of the videos I was going to make going into the Arnold Classic in Australia is going to be who would have the better comeback. Dennis or Kevin, so I was going to make a comparison video before we actually saw how they looked. Just to see, you know, you had Dennis Wolf coming off of this, you know, long time off, you had Kevin LeRoni coming off of this long time off. Who's going to win between Dennis and Kevin? Because obviously we saw that Dennis was significantly downsized. But we do know that Kevin LeRoni is able to bring a lot of the size that he had back in the day, you know, with the exception of the legs. So I thought that would be an interesting battle. Dennis and Kevin, but it turns out Dennis won that battle. And I don't know if it was the lighting there or what, but in my opinion, watching the live stream, Dennis Wolf looked markedly better to me at least at the Arnold Australia than he looked at the Arnold Ohio. I mean, his conditioning still looked amazing, but he looked a little bit bigger to me. I don't know if it was the callouts that he was getting. He looked good to me. He looked really, really good. And he plays 10th. So definitely an improvement over the Arnold Ohio placing. So I've said it before I'll say it again. It is definitely not time to write off Dennis Wolf. And just assume he's done. I think Dennis Wolf still has a lot left to prove. I mean, he still got a lot left to do in bodybuilding. I don't think we've seen the last of Dennis Wolf. So Kevin LeRoni in 13th place, not placing dead last, beating one guy, Darren on a Kawa. Now, I made a separate video about this because I thought it deserved its own video. Again, I think a lot of people were watching the Arnold Ohio Australia, specifically to see Kevin LeRoni. I said this in my other video. I was actually planning on going to Australia if only to see Kevin LeRoni compete for the very last time. He said going into this show, this is going to be the last show that he ever does. I'm sure he's going to stick to that because I think he realized prepping for this show that the legs are not going to come back. So I think the main two points to take away from his comeback is number one. Anyone who looks at this guy, you don't have to be a bodybuilding fan. You can be pretty much anybody off the street. You can look at Kevin LeRoni in the physique that he brought. You can probably tell right away that the conditioning really, really missed the mark, especially in the midsection. The abs were almost not visible in many of the mandatory poses. He was holding a significant amount of water. I would say even a little bit of fat on his midsection on stage. The legs were a little bit bigger, but watery. That would be the second point that I would bring up. That would be that it looked like he was trying to play the size game. It looked like he knew that his legs were not going to come up at some point during his prep. He said, okay, well if the legs aren't going to come up, I'm just going to try to come in as big as possible and sacrifice some conditioning to do that. I think he was successful in that regard. He certainly came in bigger than he came in at the Olympia. So this would be the two points. The legs weren't there and the conditioning was bad, but he did come in bigger. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the placing and the results of the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia, specifically Kevin LaRoni, Dennis Wolf. And then of course, Roli Winkler winning the show. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick's strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 California Pro 1st Callout [LGJZKJms8sg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the Power. I'm sorry to give you guys a little bit of bodybuilding coverage this weekend. Of course, today is the 2018 California Pro show, which is going to be a lot of the guys that competed in the New York Pro last weekend. So in this lineup, they just released the top six call out. So the first call out, and you've got Rafael Brando, who I made a video about saying he was. One of the most underrated bodybuilders from the New York Pro, and he appears to be dead center next to Nathan D'Ayesha, and of course, sauce harati. So it looks like Rafael Brando is going to be getting a little bit of redemption at this show. Of course, he plays sixth at the New York Pro. Many people feel he should have placed fifth or fourth or even potentially higher than that. It looks like at this show, he might be two or three. I think it's looking like Nathan D'Ayesha is going to win this show as well. Also in that top six, you have Josh Wade, Lionel Biochi. And on the end, there you have Gerard William. So this top six actually looks pretty impressive to me from the photos and videos that I've seen so far. The conditioning on a lot of these guys looks to be a little bit better than we saw at the New York Pro. And that's one of the things I wanted to mention. It's everybody was complaining about how bad the conditioning was at the New York Pro. And I think a major factor in the way these guys looked in New York was certainly the lighting. And my opinion, the lighting here at the California Pro is just much better than it was at New York Pro. And that could contribute a lot to why these guys look so much more conditioned and look so much better. You guys got to keep in mind man, lighting has a lot to do with body building and how these body builders look. So in my opinion, whether it's lighting or just sheer conditioning, Nathan D'Ayesha does look like he's improved from New York to this show. So it's a very big deal for him. I think to win this show, if he doesn't fact win it. In my pick to play second, would be of course Rafael Brando out of this lineup. Now I think one of the guys that a lot of people expected to be a big threat to this California Pro show was Luke Sando. But he was actually not in this lineup in that first call out. So that was surprising. From the pictures that I saw looked like his conditioning was a bit off so that could have contributed to him being outside of the top six. But that is about it guys. That is the first call out for the 2018 California Pro. Please subscribe and stay tuned. I will keep you guys posted as to the results of this show. Thank you guys for watching and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track the power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Chicago Pro： Sergio Oliva VS Michael Lockett [irYFx2AVHHw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's Diamond Power. So I want to talk about the results of the men's open body building class at the 2018 Chicago Pro. So first we'll go through the top six here. So the top six of the Chicago Pro and first you had Michael Lockett who won last year in 2017 and second place, you had Sergio Leva Junior whom I think a lot of people were expecting to win this show he was kind of the favorite going into this. Then you had Justin Luis Rodriguez coming in third place, he had Sergei Colov and fourth, he had Brad Roe and fifth place and Kevin Jordan coming in that sixth place spot. So primarily in this video I want to focus on Michael Lockett and Sergio Leva Junior because they were going head to head for that one and two spot. And again I think a lot of people were expecting Sergio to take the win here. So Sergio did look good, he looked who have made some improvements to his physique. Overall his legs looked the most improved and I think that was a very good strong point for him because I would say Michael Lockett has two weak points. Number one I would say is his back. I think he has a very shallow back compared to a lot of the other guys and men's open. And number two would be his legs. They're not very proportionate to his upper body. And in addition to that one leg is actually clearly bigger than the other. So first I'll look at some back shots here. So like I said Michael Lockett was known for not really having the best back. But if you compare his back with Sergio Leva Junior's back, I think he really blows Sergio out of the water in the back poses. So I think for Sergio one of the things that he needs to work on the most is adding some depth and thickness to his back, particularly in that back double biceps shot. I think he's seriously lacking some depth and some detail in those back poses. And again Michael Lockett not being known for having a good back. I think overall the detail in his back was much better than Sergio's. But I think the primary factor in Michael Lockett winning this show was the conditioning. Not only was he super crazy condition. As you can see in these back shots as well, I mean look at the glutes and the hamstring tie and just pretty much superior to Sergio Leva's conditioning in all aspects. But his conditioning and the hardness it was just really undeniable. And I think one of the shots where he looks just crazy is his most muscular pose. I think you can see it best in this lineup. When you compare his most muscular with everybody else, his most muscular, your eyes are automatically drawn to Michael Lockett because he's so dense and hard and conditioned. And that most muscular looks so gnarly and grainy. It just really shows how good he did look in this lineup. So even though Sergio was kind of the favorite and had the most hype going into this show, I don't think this was a controversial decision at all. I think it was a unanimous score for Michael Lockett in first and Sergio in second. I think Michael Lockett really shut the door on Sergio Leva. I think it wasn't just the conditioning and it wasn't just his back. You know, I would say the structure overall was superior to Sergio's structure. I would say if you look at the front double bicep pose in particular, Sergio Leva Jr has kind of a blocky looking waste in that pose. It's not really the best pose for Sergio. You can see a clear difference in the V-taper structure of Michael Lockett versus Sergio and Michael hits the pose very small waste and you can see a clear flare out of the lats in the front double bicep pose with Sergio. His waist just his waist and hips just look very wide in that front double bicep pose and not as much of V-taper as Michael has. But I do have to give props for Sergio Leva Jr because he did have some of the best legs, some of the biggest legs on that Chicago pro stage and he should be commended for that because that was pretty impressive. I could definitely tell he made improvements in that area. I think for Sergio what he needs to do is go back to the drawing board here and I would say he needs the place a heavier focus on back training and bringing that back up and he could be a real threat to the men's open. But congratulations to Michael Lockett. He's now qualified for the 2018 Olympia by winning this show so we are going to see Michael on the Olympia stage. So congratulations to him, Chicago pro. I mean man what a great weekend. We had the classic physique. I already met a couple videos about that. Wesley Visitors taking the title there. I mean at 2-12 also there's the Vancouver pro and we're posting a video on the results of that later today. Overall just a great weekend and bodybuilding. I hope you guys had a great weekend and enjoyed the coverage. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's got my power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Classic Physique Olympia Predictions [qinMzQNvKrA].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So yesterday we went through the men's open body building qualified competitors for the 2018 Olympia. In this video, I want to go through the 2018 classic physique Olympia qualified competitors. And actually the list here is a lot longer than the men's open body building list. I want to go through these guys. And again, give some early predictions for the classic physique Olympia and how I expected to pan out here. So we have Darnell Ferguson, Breon Ains, the obviously last year's champ, Chris Bums that who took second last year, George Peterson, a raw trobar, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. I believe those guys were all the top six last year. You have Stan Delong, Medi-Largainy, Matteo Vue, Courage O'Para, Danny Yves, Union, Hatham, Alsa Deek, Steve Lourius, Peter Duper, Regan Grimes, Allie, Shams Gamar, I feel like I'm reading the key and peel skit that Easton and West bowl where they got all the crazy names. There's some weird names in this 2018 classic physique Olympia. Terrence Ruffin, David Hoffman, Pan X, Pierre, Wesley Visters, and College Chikau. All right, so let's talk about the guys on this list first. So my prediction for the top six will go with six place and then work our way down. So we've got a lot of new guys this year that weren't in the 2018 classic physique Olympia. She got David Hoffman, you've got Regan Grimes, you've got Steve Lourius, and you've got Wesley Visters. I think all of these guys are possible top six prospects depending on how they look coming into the Olympia. Now with both Wesley and Steve Lourius, these were both kind of the social media guys. They had a lot of controversy when they won their shows that qualify for them the Olympia. Steve Lourius winning the Pittsburgh Pro to qualify and Wesley Visters winning the Chicago Pro to qualify. And the main criticism of both of these guys was the conditioning. So based on some of the comments that I saw from Steve Lourius, originally he was saying that he wasn't going to do the Olympia. He was replying to fans on his Instagram saying he's not doing it. Then he made some comments saying now he has no comment on whether or not he's doing it. So I think Steve Lourius is probably going to do it. He's probably going to pull a Regan Grimes and at the last minute, and now he's competing and try to surprise people. So let's just assume for argument sake that Steve Lourius is doing the Olympia. So I want to talk about guys here that I think weren't in the top six last year that I think have a chance of cracking in. So let's look at the top six here. We've got Breon Chris, George Peterson, Arasra Bard, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. So I've got to look at the opportunities here for guys from last year to move down and these new guys where they could sneak up and move in. So I think Breon Chris and George Peterson, I think those guys are solidly within the top six. I don't think we're going to see that top three go anywhere. I think they're going to be in the top six this year no matter what. So the three places that we need to look at that have a possibility of slipping are going to be Arasra Bard, Danny Hester, and Robert Timbs. Now Danny Hester of course was the first ever classic physique Olympia, but I think as the division started to grow, the type of physique that we're looking for kind of shifted away from Danny Hester's physique. I'm going to again, more towards Breon Ainsley or Chris Bumstead. So I think Danny Hester is one of the guys that unfortunately we might see slip this year and present the opportunity for a guy to move up. So Arasra is pretty good too, and Arasra took fourth last year, and I think Arasra Bar, I think he's a solid top six guy as well even though he took fourth. I think he's going to be a tough guy for a guy like Regan Grimes or a guy like Steve Loris or a guy like Wesley Visters to beat, but I think it can be done. Now out of all these guys, Steve Loris, Regan Grimes, Dave Hoffman, Wesley Visters, I think honestly Steve Loris has the best shot at placing highly in the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. I mean, Steve Loris we've had our disagreements in the past, but Steve Loris has an amazing structure for this division. Some people might say his legs are too big for this division, because really a classic physique wasn't really all about having crazy big legs, but Steve Loris has, you know, the wide shoulders, the insanely small waist, and just overall he presents a very unique classic package which I think fits perfectly within this division. So I think out of all those guys, he has the best shot at cracking that top six. Now the thing with Regan Grimes is he does have a very aesthetic physique, but he's also a very big guy. I mean, this is a guy that's coming down from men's open bodybuilding. So it's going to be interesting to see where he places here, because Regan Grimes is kind of an anomaly in this division. It's really going to be a deciding factor where he places on what the future of this division is going to be. If this is going to be like a light version of men's open bodybuilding, then we could see a guy like Regan Grimes win this show. But if this is going to stay classic physique and stay focused on the most aesthetic, the most classic, the best lines, Regan Grimes is going to have a hard time cracking that top six. And here's why. I think he's a little bit too big for this division, a little bit too blocky. And he really does just look like a smaller version of a bodybuilder here. There's nothing crazy classic about his physique. So if Regan Grimes is going to do well, I feel like it's either all or nothing for Regan. They see that they decide a physique like Regan is what we want. We want smaller bodybuilders and then Regan's going to win, where they say Regan's too big. He doesn't belong in this division and they don't play something that way. They play something like 7th or 8th. But I do see Regan certainly being a top 10 guy at the Olympia. His physique is just that good. So for the sake of these predictions, let's just assume that judges say we want to keep it as classic as possible. We're not looking for light bodybuilding. We're not looking for just a smaller version of a men's open bodybuilder. We're looking for the most classic physique. So in that scenario, I see a guy like Regan taking a place like 6 or 7th. So let's say Regan's in 7th. I would say Wesley Vissers would follow up that by placing in 6th. So to allow for that, let's say Danny has to remove down to 8th. And Robert Tim's moves down to 9th because I really do think the crop of guys coming in now is just a whole other level of competition compared to last year. The division is growing so fast and the physique are getting so much better, so much quicker. I feel like these newer guys are going to overwhelm a lot of these guys that have been there the past two years. So let's say 9th is Robert Tim's 8th is Danny Hester and 7th you're going to have Regan Grimes and 6th I would say Wesley Vissers. I mean it's the first Olympia ever. I'm a big fan of Wesley but there's really no way to prepare for your first Olympia. There's no way to know what to expect. It's very early on in classic physique. It's kind of hard to tell what they're looking for exactly if Wesley's physique is going to be a good fit if that's exactly what they're looking for or not. Again, a lot of people will say that Wesley is like a young version of Arnold Schwarzenegger. And that's great but we don't know for sure if that's exactly what they're looking for on classic physique. They might not want a young Arnold. They might want a unique new classic physique. So in that case, I'll place Wesley in 6th. Now I think 5th place is kind of wide open here. So Dave Hoffman, he's a newer guy. Very well conditioned and that's really his calling cards being crazy shredded. It's Steve Vloris is a guy who has good structure but he hasn't yet came in crazy shredded. So either Steve or Dave are going to take that 5th place spot in my opinion. If Steve comes correct, I think Steve takes it and Dave places somewhere else. If Dave comes in like he always comes in which is super shredded and Steve doesn't, I think Dave's going to move up to a place like that 5th place spot and beat a guy like Wesley or beat a guy like a vegan because Dave's conditioning is so great. So I'm going to go ahead and keep a rush in that top 4 because I think a rush has been improving more and more and it's physique is starting to fit in that division better and better each year. So let's go to the top 4 here. So I'm going to have a rush still in 4th. I'm going to have George Peterson. He's a great classic physique. George Peterson is a beast. I still have him in that top 3. I think the only places that are going to change within that top 4 are going to be Chris Bumms that I'm Breonna Ainsley. I think Chris Bumms that is going to do enough this year to beat Breonna and take that top spot and we're going to have a new classic physique and a mystery Olympia this year in Chris Bumms. So those are my early predictions guys based on what we've seen so far from all these guys on social media. We're less than 10 weeks out right now. So we've got a decent idea of what they're going to look like. We've got the official list here. So let me know what you guys think. How would you guys place this year's line up at the classic physique Olympia? Let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 IFBB INDY Pro Full Recap and Results [B-rGRRjUBJI].txt ===

I was going on you guys, Nick here when they've five and a power so we are headed up to the Indie Pro and Indianapolis in Vienna It's the first year after that we're holding this pro show We've got Luke Sando, Steve Kuhl, we did Taughty on the G-C, Aaron Clark In 2012, we got Silvio Samo making us come back I don't think it's a good deal in Lampias since the early 2000s I think it was the top 10 place or back then But he's doing the 2012 now I'm in based on the call-outs that I saw earlier We didn't make it up to pre-junk but I was looking at some of the photos Pre-junk looks like he was up there in the center of the 2012 call-outs I guess he's going to be doing pretty well And then the open call-outs, Steve Kuhl, in the middle Luke Sando in the middle The guy named Charles Griffith I think Luke Kuhl has been most likely to have that guy in my prediction video But apparently he's doing pretty well So we're going to try to get you guys some footage from the show So I'm trying to vlog a little bit of whatever behind the scenes stuff that we can get I did spots of the show so we're going to see my logo up on the stage So I don't know what kind of behind the scenes stuff we can give with these VIP passes And I got him with the fact that I'm sponsoring the show But he'll be able to do something or go back to stay If I get to meet something he's pros I'm going to do something that regular people don't get to do I'll see if we can get three guys so for about 20 minutes away now So we're going up soon and we'll start recording the show for you guys Dad, I think it says that I know that He did He did he did he did he did it He did he did it He did he did it He did it He did it He did it He did Luke Sando Luke Sando He did it He did it He did it He did it So this is my buddy's act I really appreciate him coming out because he's one week off from his body really shown The natural person is a maddie You're going to be saying a lot of footage of that on the channel next week as well So this is going to be the first vlog that you see for 2018 It's like so small Yeah The second vlog will be prepping him full of natural sense of maddie And the footage of a natural sense of maddie And I'm also sponsoring that show as well So that'll be cool for you guys to see if you guys haven't seen the behind the scenes Inside of a natural body full of show I'm trying to share you guys with the tannin Did a nice clip based on nail Let's get close to tannin on it So that should be fun What are doing? Alright guys so I just got back from the 2018 Indy Pro in Indianapolis, Indiana I just wanted to make a recap video Kind of going over the placings here But first I wanted to thank Dave Bowers for putting on the show The show was amazing It was very well run The venue was absolutely beautiful So this is the first year ever that they've done the Indy Pro It's a brand new pro show on the pro circuit So I wanted to go to it It was close by I sponsored the show As I'm sure you guys will see in some of the videos and pictures in this video You can see my logo off to the side on the left hand side of the stage So I thought hey It's a brand new pro show Let's sponsor it And I'm giving it some coverage And help it kind of get off the ground here So I'm glad I sponsored it I'm glad I went because it was a great show So the men's open You had Steve Ku Klow winning You had Charles Griffin in second You had Luke Sando in third You had Ian Veier in fourth Justin Rodriguez in fifth And Roman Fritz in sixth place So these placings are pretty much what I expected And pretty much what I predicted with the exception of a couple guys So one of the guys that kind of came out of nowhere For me was Charles Griffin the guy that took second And I got to say man This is a guy that we should be looking out for in the future Because this guy looked amazing His conditioning was on point His very impressive physique, very impressive structure His biceps specifically He's got a very impressive front double bicep pose The dude just looked great all around And honestly this is a guy that I didn't really see coming As a number two guy So you know I want to give him props in this video Because I didn't really have him in my predictions He kind of came out and nowhere surprised me So prize a lot of people This guy looked really really good Definitely deserve that second place spot And in fact Steve Ku Klow is my boy I think he's got a great physique There were some points when they were comparing the two of them I was getting a little bit worried for Steve Ku Klow Because Charles Griffin looked that good to me I thought he was very impressive But overall I felt that Steve Ku Klow deserved the win So you had Luke Sando and third place And I predicted that he would be in second Really the main problem for Luke Sando was his conditioning Again both of the top two guys had really good conditioning Steve Ku Klow and Charles Griffin We're both shredded to the bone And I think that I saw Luke Sando As he looked pretty good from the front A lot of the photos of the front he looks very massive He looks pretty lean But when he turned around you could definitely see that conditioning was a problem Now I'm a big fan of Luke Sando as well Again I've said this many times I think he has a physique that's very reminiscent of Doria and Yates He's got posing that's very reminiscent of Doria and Yates And he's got all the size to be a top contender at the Arnold Classic A top contender at the Mr. Olympia But the conditioning is the problem So to be honest with you guys when Luke Sando turned around and started hitting poses from the back I became worried that he might not be in the top six Because personally I was sitting maybe three or four rows from the front row We had very good seats And personally when he turned around from the back he started posing I mean there were areas on his body That were just actually jiggling because there was either water or fat there And you know just a conditioning from the back It just wasn't good at this show I think he looked much better in Australia And I think he could have been a little bit harder and drier Actually a lot harder and drier at the show And how he done that he probably a little bit been a contender for the top spot So he and Vair this is another guy That kind of surprised me here placing forth But I gotta say he had a pretty impressive physique as well Conditioning was on point He's got really great shape, really great size It's got a really good V-Taper really small waist This is another very impressive guy that I think we should be looking out for in the future And number five we had Justin Luis Rodriguez This is another guy I had in my predictions As the top six guy this was a guy that impressed me at the New York pro I believe he got fourth place back in the New York pro And he looked very impressive here as well And in that six place spot we have another guy that I said in my prediction video Might be top six that is Roman Fritz So Roman Fritz looked very impressive as well He's got a very he's a little bit smaller than some of the other guys He's got a very classic physique, very aesthetic physique And just very good lines overall He had a little bit more size I think he would be a much bigger threat to these guys He is certainly noticeably smaller than them in my opinion But I think his lines and aesthetics are so good Combined with his conditioning that that would land him in the top six spot at this show So next we have the two 12 division So the two 12 was actually very interesting to wash There are some cool things that happened there So on first place you have Charles the tank Dixon Not predicted that as well in my prediction video Based on his second place finish at the Arnold Classic I thought for sure you know this was a show he was going to come in and win And I was correct in that regard Number two, you got a guy that kind of took me by surprise Jacob Wilson would take second place This was a guy you know he really wasn't even on my radar at all In this two 12 division He came in I think the reason he placed second was his conditioning was so damn good Probably one of the hardest guys on stage at night He looked very very impressive from a conditioning standpoint Structure standpoint as well very good V-Taper Very small waste overall very impressive bodybuilder And Jacob Wilson But I think the main story of the two 12 division is silvio Samuel making his comeback and placing third here So when I read the list the first time I saw silvio Samuel's name on the list I thought for sure it couldn't be the same silvio Samuel I'm sure there's another two 12 guy named silvio Samuel That wasn't the same silvio Samuel that we saw you know competing in the Olympia years ago Now back in 2007 2008 silvio Samuel was a top 10 finisher at the Mr. Olympia placing 7th both of those years I'm in a 2009 he would tie for 12th place at the 2009 Olympia Now after that he would take a fairly long hiatus from the sport of bodybuilding I believe the cause was he spent some time in prison I mean he's kind of trying to refocus his life a little bit So today yesterday actually at the age of 42 he would come back Almost the full decade later after his last competition And take third at this indie pro show in the 2012 division And I got to say I think he could have made an argument for him getting second His posing routine was great I really enjoyed his posing routine a great kind of classical posing It's physique look great Especially for a 42 year old guy making a comeback after a very long hiatus And I think overall he just looked phenomenal man I wish I knew he was making a comeback I didn't hear anything about the fact that he was making a comeback And you know I'm a guy that pays attention to this sort of thing I didn't hear anything about it So when I saw him when I saw that name on the list I didn't even have him in my predictions because I didn't even realize He knows the same guy this guy hasn't competed in over a decade But yeah he looked very good and he definitely deserved that third place spot So on fourth you have Ahmed Elcedani he looked very impressive as well In fifth you had a mod, a mod and in sixth you had a guy sister You know so guy sister Nina was another guy I didn't know he was competing either I didn't see him on that list I did see I think a day or two prior People were tagging him and indie pro stuff and he was hashtagging indie pro So I figured at that point he was doing it But I think what we saw here was a good guy sister But not necessarily a great guy sister Nina and that's why he took sixth So finally I just wanted to mention I had the opportunity at the end The kind of talk to Steve Kuklo for a little bit It was really cool to get to meet the guy for a second time I met him up at the Arnold Classic at the meet and greet there Then I told him we talked a little bit on Instagram and he said hey we should meet up at this indie pro And when we talked at the indie pro we said we want to do some kind of collaboration together Whether that be an interview or whatever ends up happening So you're definitely going to see something between Steve Kuklo and myself Very soon on my channel I think this guy I mean it's definitely a guy that's kind of been off the radar for a couple years now You know myself included you know being a body-building fan I hadn't had you know Steve Kuklo on my radar for a couple of years But then I think after that Arnold Classic appearance in 2018 where he placed fifth He would put himself on a lot of people's radars and he really put himself on the map Then he comes in and does a pro show right after In this indie pro and wins it in my opinion kind of an easy win for him So Steve Kuklo is certainly back on the map And I'm actually you know I'm very excited to see what this guy does I'm excited to see how he does with the Olympia this year I think you got to say you know he's a favorite to be in the top 10 of this year's Mr. Olympia Possibly even the top six I mean this is a guy where I think a lot of the reason why he placed so highly at the Arnold Classic Was the fact that his conditioning was so good I'm again at the indie pro he had really good conditioning And what's one of the main complaints that we see with guys in the Olympia stage conditioning and bubble guts So Steve Kuklo can come in with this crazy conditioning I think it's certainly a possibility that he could crack into the top six But I think in all likelihood he's definitely going to be a top 10 contender at the Mr. Olympia this year I'm very excited to see what he can do So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the results of the 2018 indie pro Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it Next strength and power signing out

=== FILE: 2018 Indy Pro Preview [-UFbTw9VJVs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's going to power us. I'm going to make kind of a preview video here for the 2018 IFBB Indy Pro and Indianapolis, Indiana. This is the first year ever they are holding this pro show. And I actually signed on to be a sponsor of this show so you should see me there. I'll be there covering it and you should see my logo somewhere up on that stage. So this show isn't a limpia qualifier so that means the winner of this show will qualify for the Olympia if they have not already. So the stakes are high for some of these guys that you might come out of the woodwork to win this show. But first I'm going to read you guys the list of the open competitors and there's also a 212 competition. So it's a pro open and pro 212 show. So we have Dorian Adams. We've got Aaron Clark who is a former 212 competitor that we have not seen on stage since 2015. I'm reconpitted in the 212 Olympia. I believe we got Wendell Floyd. You got Roman Fritz who has a crazy classic physique. Charles Griffin, Dorian Haywood, Kenneth Jackson. You've got Steve Kouklo, who just recently came in fifth at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio. In my opinion, probably one of the most improved body builders that we saw at the Arnold Classic this year. You've also got Michael Lynn, Joseph Mackie, Milton Martinez. You've got Blair Mone. Justin Rodriguez, who we recently saw at the New York pro in 2017. This guy has an incredible physique and in my opinion he's probably a pick for the top six. I mean, you got Luke Sandow, who just competed in the Arnold Australia placing six there. I'm where he looked absolutely phenomenal in my opinion and deserved a much higher placing than six. You've got John Silvey. You've got Fred Biggie Smalls. Mitchell Stats. Derek Upshaal. Ian Vayer. And he did Tata Iyama Gigi. So of this list, I think the main guys we need to pay attention to are Steve Kouklo, Luke Sandow, He Day, Aaron Clark and Justin Luis Rodriguez. So my prediction for the men's open is we're probably going to see Steve Kouklo win this show. And in my opinion, we'd probably have either He Day and Luke Sandow in second. I would really like to see Luke Sandow in second place because I'd really love to see that call out. I'm of him and Steve Kouklo going head to head because I think they both have pretty big physique. In terms of overall muscle mass, Luke Sandow has a very Dorian Yates' Esk physique. Conditioning has been the main problem for Luke Sandow. I'm in a Steve Kouklo has a lot of size. Conditioning was one of his stronger points this year at the Arnold Classic. So I think that would be a good call out in a good comparison for those two. The New Throwing Guy like He Day and the Mix that comes in with a lot less size. But some of the crazy conditioning you're going to see on that stage. I'm if we see anything like we saw at the Arnold and the Arnold Australia. And then of course as a 212 competitor we had Aaron Clark who looked you know pretty amazing for the 212 division. I think this is a guy that we could see sneak into the top 6 as well. This is a guy that has a very complete physique. He has very few weak points. He has a lot of muscle mass for a 212 guy, which is obviously why he's doing open now. I think one of the main points he needs to watch out for those is waistline. That's something that I've seen. It looks like it's been growing since the last time he competed so that might be something that really hinders him in playsings. So my overall prediction is going to be Steve Ku Klow winning it. You're going to have Luke Sand though. Hopefully in second he did Tate Gama Gishi and third. I would say you could probably go with Justin Rodriguez. Maybe in that fourth play spot. And Aaron Clark some were cracking the top 6. Another guy to look out for would be Roman Fritz. I think he's got a great physique but maybe not enough size to crack into a lineup this deep. I mean there's 20 competitors. So it's not really a small show or a small lineup. So in the 2012 division you've got a mod, a mod, Thomas Anderson, Ben Barks, Linden Bellgrave, Brad Davis, Charles Dixon who recently took second at the 2018 Arnold Classic. You've got a mod, El Sadanni. You got Michael Urges, a mod, Fasi, Darren Glenn, Walter Martin, Eric Martinez, Silvio Sanial, Jose Raoul Sanchez, Reyes, and Wayne Williams as well as Jacob Wilson. So my pick the win the 2012 is obviously going to be Charles Dixon based on how he plays at the Arnold Classic. Other guys look out for I would say a mod a mod. I'm pretty much most of the other names on this list are guys that I haven't heard of. So I would say Charles Dixon and a mod a mod. We'd be the two main guys to look out for. I believe Jose Raiman was supposed to do this show but he backed out at the last minute. But his wife is competing in the Probecini I believe. So Jose will still be there. So that's the preview video guys. I hope to see some of you guys at the indie pro. It's going to be a great show. It's always good to have another pro show on the roster on the schedule. So let me know what your guys' predictions are for the 2018 indie pro show. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Mr. Olympia People's Champ？？？ [Q_lNvz3OCTg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's Family Power. So I wanted to do a more in-depth video on the new 2018 Mr. Olympia fan voting options. So if you didn't see my video yesterday, in an upcoming issue of muscle and fitness, they announced that in the 2018 Mr. Olympia, the fans will have the opportunity to vote for the Mr. Olympia winner. So they're saying essentially the fans will be an additional judge in the scores that the fans vote on are going to be entered in the actual competition results. So there's a couple of things I want to touch on in this video. Number one, how big of a say are fans actually going to have in the final decision? Is this going to be a game changer for the actual Mr. Olympia winner? Number two, they're going to be introducing something called the 2018 Mr. Olympia People's Champion. And this is something that's going to happen if the judges disagree with the fans in the decision of who's going to be the winner. The 2018 Mr. Olympia People's Champion will be crowned and that will be the person that the fans have chosen to be the winner of the Mr. Olympia. And that would bring me to the third thing I want to discuss and that is Kai Green. So Kai Green commented the post of this original article. He said, now's my chance. I mean, that raises a lot of speculation as the weather not Kai is going to compete at the 2018 Mr. Olympia because arguably you could say that Kai Green has always been the People's Champion. He's arguably the most popular bodybuilder today on social media. He's more popular than seven-time Mr. Olympia feel heath. He's always been in the fans opinion seemingly an uncrowned Mr. Olympia. So with this addition of this People's Champion fan voting option, could this be Kai Green's best opportunity to compete at the Mr. Olympia and possibly win the Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to cover all those points in this video. But mostly we're going to go through this article and talk about what this really means for the judging of the Mr. Olympia in 2018. So let's start with the bombshells mentioned in this article. So bombshell number one. For the first time in the history of Mr. Olympia and professional bodybuilding, fans will judge each competitor and rank them and those scores will count in the official decision. Yes, you and all the other fans at the Oerlinges Arena will have a voice in deciding who will be the next Mr. Olympia. The fans collectively will be in effect another judge at the table at Friday night's pre-judging and Saturday night's finals. So what does this mean really for the fan? So the first thing that I noticed right away is it's addressing specifically the fans are going to be in attendance not the fans online and not the fans watching the live stream only fans that are there watching live in person. That's a very important thing to note because a lot of the concern that I saw on my last video with people thinking this was a bad idea and I was them thinking all these internet trolls out there are going to try to throw the results because they hate fill Heath because they hate a certain body builder that are just going to vote for anybody besides Phil to kind of throw the results because it's just internet trolls. I think this is going to eliminate a lot of that bias because honestly I think all the people or the majority of the people that are willing to pay for a ticket to go to the actual Mr. Olympia, these are serious body-building fans for the most part, these are not internet trolls, these are people that are serious about body-building and for the most part, I think they wouldn't be very biased or have any crazy votes in their judging of the Olympia and as Dave Palombo mentioned in his video on this topic, if there was any crazy wild voting, that score would most likely be thrown out because the highest score in the lowest score is always thrown out in body-building judging. So that's the first point, no this isn't going to be like American Idol, it's not going to be all the fans at home or casting a vote, it doesn't seem like it's going to be anything like that but of course we're waiting to see more details as we get, you know, as more information is released. But no I don't think this is going to be like an online voting competition where it's going to be okay everybody at home get out your cell phones and text the winner to this number, I don't think that's going to be what this is at all. I think, you know, essentially it's going to be more of a publicity stunt for the Mr. Olympia, I think like I said, they're reacting to the reaction that they got last year. Last year a lot of fans were upset, a lot of fans disagreed with the judging, but I think the people who run the Olympia noticed that, they're starting to pay attention to social media, they're starting to pay attention to what the fans have to say and they're wanted to make a response to that in a way that would seemingly give the fans some control over the results. Now as far as the actual Mr. Olympia being crowned, will this fan judging completely change a game and honestly it probably won't. The fans effectively still won't be picking who wins the Mr. Olympia. Now maybe if it comes down to a close one or two point decision having the fans as an additional judge, that could actually change the results. If you have all the judges, all their votes are in and it comes down to a one point decision from all the actual judges, then you have the fan vote come in. That could decide the result of the show. But again, if you look at it, the judges are going to outnumber the fan vote. So really it's always going to be the judges decision that goes for the final Mr. Olympia result, but that's why they have that 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. They're saying if the judges and the fans don't agree and all the judges vote for one guy and the fans vote for another and it's not a close decision, the people that are the person that the fan votes for that will be the 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. So let's go ahead and address the second bombshell here. Olympia bombshell number two. Judges points will be available to the public at the Orleans Arena before Saturday night's finals so you can see the competitor score before he steps on the Olympia stage. So what that means is the pre-judging results are going to be visible to the people and attendance so you can look at those results and make assessments based on how the competitors were judged or pre-judging before they go into the night show and cast their votes. So let's get the bombshell number three and I think this is most pertinent to Kai Green potentially doing the Mr. Olympia. So Olympia bombshell number three, if the fans pick a different winner than the judges, that competitor will be crowned the 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion. You can think I have to be pro league president Jim Manion and AMI CEO chairman and president David J. Pecker for these developments. Jim feels that our fans are more than just spectators. They live the body building and fitness lifestyle and many compete or have competed. This makes some experts and they deserve a say. And David believes that empowering the fans so they are an active participant will take the event to a whole new level. That's it for now but stay tuned because I guarantee we will have more game changers as we approach the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So most likely number one this is just something that they're testing out. They want the fans to feel more involved and I think this is a good thing overall. I mean they're responding to last year the criticism that they got. I think this is better than having no answer at all or having no response at all. They're at least acknowledging the fans and acknowledging that there was a difference of opinion last year. So a lot of people felt this was going to lead to a lot of bias. This might be a bad idea but I think it's good at least they're trying to recognize that they want the fans to have a voice. So that brings me to Kai Green here. Obviously Kai has always kind of been the people's champion. He's always been a fan favorite. So let's say Kai does compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia and let's say Phil gets all votes from the regular judges for first place. So every judge except for the fans just fill a one in the scores. But the fans their vote is unanimously for Kai Green. Will this change the decision? So the answer to that is no. So typically when Phil and Kai go head ahead, Phil usually gets a straight you know all across the board. The votes for first place. So if that's the case, I'm in Kai gets second place votes all across the board. The fan decision isn't going to change that. However, if we're talking about a one or two point decision from the judges perspective and the fans come in with a vote for Kai Green and first, that could change the result. So I think the people that organized this new rule took a safe bet here. For the most part the fan vote isn't going to have any major impact on the actual crowning of the Mr. Olympia but it's going to give the fans the feeling that they have some kind of say. But I think this 2018 Mr. Olympia people's champion might be something that Kai Green would be interested enough in to compete just for that title. Even if he thinks he can't win. Getting that title might be a good way to cap off his career. I think it's going to be hard for anybody that is a multiple time runner up at the Mr. Olympia to officially retire from body building without that Mr. Olympia title. And I think this would be a good way to retire on a high note is getting that Olympia people's champion official title before he retired. So that's what I think I think now this is a game changer in the aspect of now we could see Kai Green compete. But other than that I don't think this is going to have a huge impact on the actual Mr. Olympia result. Now a couple of weeks ago I actually did a video on the 2004 Mr. Olympia. And during the 2004 Olympia that was the last time they made a major change to the Olympia judging. That's what they added a challenge round. And what the challenge round was was the body builder could pick the body builder that go up against pose for pose. And then the body builder in the challenge round could pick the pose that they compete against. So let's say you're going to get someone that has a week front double bicep and you have a strong front double bicep rather than hitting a last bread you can pick the pose to your advantage. And that's what the challenge round essentially was. But that only lasted a year. So this could just be a thing that they're testing out. It could be a one time thing. It might go horrible. And they never do it again. But it could be a great thing. People could love it. And this could be a new game changer for the Mr. Olympia going forward. So overall I think it's up to the fans. I think the fans are going to be the ones that determine whether or not this was a good or bad idea depending on what results come in during the Mr. Olympia. But overall as a whole I think this is great that the IFBB is recognizing that the fans want to have more of a voice and that they're acknowledging it and doing more about it. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about this. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and make sure you subscribe to the channel for more body building updates because as they release more information on this new judging thing, of course I'll be posting it here on the channel. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time you have a power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 New York Pro First Callout [iwNwc3hEK50].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time of power. So the pre-judging at the 2018 New York Pro literally just ended. So it looks like it's going to be basically the one and Nathan D'Ayesha show. So one-round Nathan D'Ayesha are clearly one and two at this show. I would say Nathan D'Ayesha has the edge based on the photos that I've seen so far. Now there's a couple of interesting things I want to mention from this pre-judging. The first is I'll go through the top six. So basically the first call out at any bodybuilding show is likely to be the top six at the finals. So in the top six you have Nathan D'Ayesha, Juan Morell, Justin Luis Rodriguez, John Del Rosa, Josh Wade and Milan Sotic. So my prediction video looks like I got about four out of six guys right in the top six. And I'm pretty sure one, two and three is going to be Nathan Juan and Justin. And Milan and John Del Rosa, I think are going to be battling it out for fourth. But there's a couple interesting things I didn't mention in my last video. So Sergio Aliva Jr., who won the 2017 New York Pro, made a last minute entry to this year's New York Pro. And he didn't announce it until after I made my video yesterday. So I didn't even know he was planning on competing any kind of just jumped in it as a surprise jump in. But the interesting thing was in all the callouts that I saw, I didn't see Sergio Aliva in the first second, worth third callouts. So it looked like there's a potential that Sergio Jr. might not even be in the top 10 at this show, but he won it last year. So that I thought that was kind of interesting. So then I wanted to address two of the guys that I had in my top six that are not in the top six. So I had a Lionel by Eki. He made the second call. He looked okay, but he didn't look great. His conditioning was certainly off from the pictures that I saw. Then I also had the chance that a key Williams might crack into the top six. I believe he made the third call out. His conditioning looks significantly off of this show. So that's why he didn't crack the top six. But an even more interesting thing that I wanted to mention here is Regan Grimes. One of my most viewed videos about people competing in the New York Pro was about Regan Grimes. And I didn't see Regan in any of the callouts. So the question really arises, maybe Regan is doing classic physique. Because I didn't see him in any of these callouts. And just based on the photos that I would have seen, he would have at least been in one of the first three callouts. Maybe if he wasn't in the top six, I certainly would have had a Regan Grimes in the top 10. I don't know why he wasn't any of the callouts that I've seen. I thought that was really surprising to me. So maybe he is doing a last minute classic physique entry. I don't know him. And I thought it was really weird that I didn't see any photos of Regan Grimes from any of the pre-judging pictures that I've seen so far. So that was interesting. So I'm really curious to see as we get closer to the finals tonight. What exactly happened in where Regan Grimes was and where Sergioa Levig Jr was? Because I really didn't see any photos of them in any of the callouts. So I'm curious if Sergioa Levig Jr pulled out at the last minute or if Regan Grimes switched to classic at the last minute. So that'll be interesting to see. And I will certainly keep you guys updated as I find out more. So make sure you subscribe and stay tuned to the channel for the rest of the day. Because obviously the New York Pro is a pretty big show. So I'm going to be providing as much coverage as I can. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 New York Pro Predictions [K3PBz4ZYJG0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Stein of Power. So I'm going to make kind of a preview video for the 2018 New York Pro which is coming up this weekend starting on May 19th. Now the New York Pro in my opinion is one of the most exciting shows in bodybuilding. Of course last year you had Sergio Leva Sun, Sergio Leva Jr. winning the New York Pro. If you go back to 2013, Big Rami made his pro debut at the 2013 New York Pro winning both the 2013 and 2014 New York Pro titles. So this is definitely a show where up-and-coming bodybuilders can really make a statement. And the people that win this show typically, it's kind of like a stepping stone for their bodybuilding career. And you see guys come out of the woodwork. They may not have known of before you see guys that aren't really as well known or established in the industry. Placing very highly at the New York Pro and really making a name for themselves. So they just released the official competitor list a couple days ago. And it is a stacked lineup of 26 IFEB pro men's open competitors. In addition to that there's going to be classic physique and also a 12 division but in this video I want to specifically focus on the open division because there are so many competitors. So I'm going to go through this list you guys can see the names of all the competitors. But I'm going to touch on all the guys that I think are the most important names in this lineup. And the guys that are most likely to make a statement at this show. So you've got Lionel Bayekki. I think this guy is going to be a big threat in this lineup and a lot of people are probably sleeping on him. I mean, you've got Max Charles, Nathan D. Asha. You've got Regan Grimes, who of course had previously said he was going to be switching to classic physique. But with this show he has announced he's still doing the open division. You've got Michael Kefflellianos who is about 50 years old. This guy has been competing for a very long time. He's a very perennial guy in terms of a guy that comes in with consistent conditioning. You've also got Juan Morel. I think Juan Morel certainly has to be a favorite to be in the top six of this show. Also being from New York. I think gives him a little bit of an advantage as well. We've also got Milan Sotic. I think he's a very good body builder that has some potential to do some damage in this lineup. You've also got Brad Roe. I'm a team Williams. Now this is a guy who I feel like if he could come in with better conditioning. A team Williams could be a guy that could be another threat to the top six of this show or another threat to win this show. In addition to that, there's one more guy I wanted to mention. I believe Justin Luis Rodriguez is also doing this show. Although I don't see his name on this list. I'm pretty sure he's competing because he's been having a little bit of back and forth with guys like Nathan D. Ash on Instagram about who's going to do better at this show. I think he's another guy that's going to be a very big threat to this lineup. So I wanted to get straight into my picks for who I think are going to be the top six of this show. Honestly, my pick to win this show. My early pick is going to be Nathan D. Ash. So I think Nathan D. Ash has a tremendous shot at winning this show. I think Juan Morel would probably be the closest threat to beating him. Juan Morel are Lionel Bajaki that is I think Lionel Bajaki, again another guy with a conditioning. If it could bring the correct conditioning to this day, it just could be a guy that could win the show out of nowhere. And again, that's kind of what we're looking for from the New York pro is kind of a statement from a guy that hasn't really made a giant statement yet. Like Big Romney did back in 2013. So in the top three, I would probably have Nathan D. Ash winning in either Lionel Bajaki, a keen Williams or possibly Justin Luis Rodriguez coming in that second place spot. So I think the top four is going to consist of those guys. D. Ash, Morrell, Williams, and of course Rodriguez. And within the top six, I think that's what we're going to see some guys maybe breaking into the top six that previously hadn't broken to the top six at a major pro show. I think we could see a guy like Regan Grimes breaking in that top six. Although in all likelihood based on the progress pictures that I saw, even though I think he looks very good, I don't know in a line up like this, how good he could really do against the guy like, you know, a D. Ash or a Juan Morel. I think a guy like Milan Sotic, honestly, he's a really good body, but I think he could have a shot of cracking that top six. But overall, I think this 2018 New York pro is going to be a battle. I'm certainly looking forward to watching it. Of course, in the 2012 division, you have the classic physique body builder Steve Loria's crossing over into the 2012. I believe the reason he gave for doing that was he had a friend competing in the classic physique, and he didn't want to mess with his friend's opportunity to qualify for the Olympia. So the 2012 I'm assuming, and I'm hoping, is this a temporary thing, or maybe even just a one-off thing that he's just doing at this New York pro. But honestly, my expectations for his playings in the 2012 are not very high. You guys can see the video that I did specifically on that. If you guys want to hear more about it. But yeah, guys, that is the official lineup, all 26 competitors of the 2018 New York pro, which will be on May 19. Let me know in the comments section below what your guys' predictions are, who you think's going to win. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 New York Pro- Full Recap and Results [QoGL7kkH9sA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strike and Power. So this video is going to be the full recap of the 2018 New York Pro. Obviously there was classic physique. There was men's open body building. There was 2-12 and there's a lot of stuff to cover and that's why I broke it down into several different videos throughout the day. But if you guys don't feel like watching a bunch of individual videos, I'm going to cover everything in this video here starting with men's open body building the results. So after pre-judging it was pretty clear that it was going to be between Nathan De Asch and Juan Morell. I myself thought Nathan De Asch had the edge after pre-judging and that turned out to be the case. And Nathan De Asch would win the 2018 New York Pro, beating Juan Morell who took second Justin Luis Rodriguez who took third and Josh Wade who took fourth and then John Delarosa coming in fifth place. Now although this was a pretty deep line up there were 26 IFPB Pro men's open body builders competing. It wasn't the most impressive or really that deep line up. There were some big names on there but really conditioning turned out to be an issue for a lot of guys, including a little bi-Eki, a keen William who I expected a little bit more from. And even some of the guys who placed in the top five, they're conditioning left a little bit to be desired. So it wasn't really the top best of the best. I don't think a whole lot of these guys were really competing at 110%. Some of these guys were maybe more like 90, 95%. But I still think Nathan De Asch who won the show did look incredible and did deserve that win. Nathan De Asch is going to be one of the fastest rising stars in body building. He's got an incredible physique. He's got crazy density and freakyness to him. He's just really complete. And that being said I do think it was a good top five and I do think the New York Pro was very, very entertaining this year. So the men's open body building lineup. There was a couple guys that weren't in that lineup. First I want to talk about Regan Grimes. Regan Grimes initially announced that he was going to be competing in men's open body building. I believe he now said on our ex muscle on one of Dave's live with interviews. He said no, I know I said before that I'm planning on doing classic physique from this point forward, but I really have my sights set on men's open for the New York Pro. Well, as it turned out, that was not the case. And he would in fact overnight decide to compete at the classic physique division. In fact, the judges didn't even know. He was switching over to classic physique. And no one really knew this was happening. I'm accept maybe him and his coach. And it was really a cool last minute thing because it really played out good in his favor because he ended up winning the classic physique division, beating divine Wilson and David Hoffman who took second and third respectively. Now honestly, I actually think this was a really good move for Regan Grimes. I think number one, he looked incredible. The fact that he was a downsize version of himself to make that weight class, I don't think was really that noticeable. He did have to downsize to make that category. But I really don't think he looked small or flat or depleted or any of that. I think the amount of weight and muscle that he had on his frame for this show was a good amount of weight, a good amount of muscle. And he really pulled it off very, very well in my opinion. And again, this was a very brave and very bold move for him to do a show like this and to make a jump like this because he really had no idea what to expect. I mean, this guy's never competed in classic before. He was used to men's open body building. He jumps in classic, you know, basically an overnight decision. And wins a very high level classic physique pro show. So my hats off to Regan Grimes for winning this show. I think it was very impressive. Now that being said, I think second and third honestly you could have switched. I'm a fan of Divine Wilson. I do think he was robbed at the Pittsburgh pro when he lost his Steve Lourius. However, he was given second here. But I think the guy that placed third David Hoffman looked absolutely incredible and you could have made a strong argument for him placing second or even an argument for him pushing Regan Grimes for that win. So in addition to Regan not being in the men's open body building lineup, there was a little bit of controversy about Sergio Leva Jr. Now in my prediction video, I didn't mention Sergio Leva Jr at all. He wasn't on the list and I had heard nothing about him competing and apparently I was right the first time. But when I made that prediction video, there's a bunch of people commenting, bro, you left out Sergio Leva Jr. He just said he's competing. So sure enough I'd go over to Sergio's Instagram and he puts up a post where he says he's doing a last minute entry to the men's open body building division. So pre-judging comes around and Sergio Leva is not anywhere in the photos or anywhere in the lineup. So in my pre-judging video, I said that Sergio Leva did not do the show. He must have dropped out at the last minute. And of course the same people that were saying, bro, you left out Sergio in your last video where the same people saying, bro, you're a dumbass. Sergio is obviously trolling in his post. So anyway, I was right the first time. Sergio is not competing. His announcement was just to troll people. So that's why Sergio Leva was not in this lineup. Now that brings us to the 212 Body Building Competition. Now like I said, there's a lot going on at this 2018 New York Pro. In addition to the Reagan Grimes crossover classic physique, you also had the Steve Lourious crossover to the 212 division. Now originally the reason that he gave for switching over to 212 was because he had a friend competing in classic and he had already won the Pittsburgh Pro. So he didn't need to re-qualified for the Olympia. So he didn't want to interfere with his friend's opportunity to qualify for the Olympia at this classic physique division. Then they would wait to go head to head until the Olympia. So he made kind of a one time decision to compete in 212, or at least I hope it was just a one time decision and not a permanent thing. So Steve Lourious in my opinion did not look very good. His conditioning was bad. It looked like he tried very hard to fill out and carb up in kind of match these guys from a size standpoint. But I think that really played to his disadvantage because he looked pretty soft on stage in my opinion. He looked watery. His conditioning, like I said, it just wasn't good. So not a very good look for Steve Lourious. And really I think even if his conditioning was good, again, like I said in my prediction video, the 212 is an entirely different game than classic physique. 212 is looking at much shorter guys looking for guys with a ton of muscle on a short frame, freaky guys like Jose Raymond and Flex Lewis. They're not looking for aesthetics. They're not really looking for the smallest waste. They're not really looking for the prettiest physique. 212 has always kind of been a battle of the freakyist, and Narlias, who has the most muscle on their frame. And a lot of those guys are 5 foot 5 and under. Now Steve Lourious is 5 foot 10, about 210 pounds. So when you're going up against the guy that's 5354, that weighs 210 pounds, and you're 6, 7 inches taller than them at the same weight, they're going to look significantly more muscular than you. And that's what happened to Steve Lourious. I think no matter how good his conditioning was, there was really no shot for him at placing top 6 of this show or winning this show. And as far as I know, he placed outside of the top 10. I don't know if he finished dead last or not, but he was not really in the mix at all in this 212 show. So the winner of the 212 was Sean Clarita. Now Sean Clarita is one of the most impressive body builders I think I've ever seen from a pound for pound, stand point. Because he's so short, he only weighed 174 pounds on stage. He looked like the most muscular guy on stage. I mean, this guy's a beast. And he beat out Zain Watson who placed second. And I'm a big fan of Zain Watson. I've actually talked him a few times on Instagram. He saw the video that I made about him and his dad. His dad, Mike Watson, was actually a golden Arab body builder. And that's the guy that trains him and kind of teaches him how to pose. And it really helps him with his diet. And it's really responsible for his success today in the 212 division. So Zain Watson looked extremely impressive. I'm very happy for him to take that second place spot. And in 3rd you had Amad Falsy. So I hope you guys have enjoyed this coverage of the New York Pro. I want to try more for you guys to give you guys wall to wall coverage of bodybuilding shows. Every time a result or an announcement comes out, give you guys a video or a post on Instagram and keep you guys up to the date as possible. Because I kind of noticed today that nobody else was really posting New York Pro videos, New York Pro commentary, New York Pro recap. So I wanted to get out as much content as I could for you guys. As I remember back when I watched bodybuilding videos myself and I was looking for updates and contest results, I was waiting all day just like refreshing the page. Okay, when someone gonna talk about the results, I want to know who won. I want to know about pre-judging. I don't know about this division or that division. So I wanted to do that for you guys and give you guys as much coverage as possible. So I hope you did enjoy it. I covered it on Instagram as well. If you want to follow me on Instagram, my Instagram is at Nick Strength Power. Thank you guys for watching this video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength and Power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Pittsburgh Pro Guest Posing- Phil Heath, Big Ramy, Roelly Winklaar, Dexter Jackson [_Af0F2bFdgQ].txt ===

Alright guys, so here you have the guest posing video from the Pittsburgh Pro. So essentially what the Pittsburgh Pro is, it's kind of like a preview of the Mr. Olympia. It's held about six months before. And basically all the top guys from the Olympia are going to come out. They're going to pose in off-season condition. So it's basically like the yearly preview. You've got big ramy, rolly-winkler, fil Heath, William Bonac, Sean Road, Nathan Gash, a Dexter Jackson, and of course your classic physique, Mr. Olympia, champ, Brianna Andzley. Now obviously again this is off-season condition. So obviously some guys are going to look better than others because a lot of these guys are only competing in the Olympia. I think Gash is doing New York Pro, which is in a couple of weeks now. So some of these guys are obviously going to look better than others. But most of these guys are deep in the off-season, simply prepping for the Olympia. In my opinion, I think everybody looks pretty good. I think Bonac looks phenomenal. He's in phenomenal shape. I'm granted he just competed only a couple months ago now, Dexter as well. But for the most part I think this is one of the coolest events of the year man. Seeing all these guys on stage, guest posing. So enjoy the video. Please give it a thumbs up. Nick's strength and power. Signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Toronto Pro Results [6iSDJTT8h0M].txt ===

Alright guys, the results are in from the 2018 Toronto Pro. Juan Morell picking up the win here. In second place you have a keymillium tremendous placing for a team. I mean this is a really big deal for him. He'd beat Sedrick Millen who's a top Olympia placeer. This is a guy that won the Arnold Classic. A keymillium is a guy that struggled with his conditioning pretty much his entire career. He finally comes in decent conditioning. I wouldn't say great but good for a team. I'm in beat Sedrick so Sedrick comes in third. Then you have Antoine Vayant. The comeback kid man, this is a crazy comeback for him. I said in my prediction video it would be a tremendous accomplishment for Antoine to place anywhere in that top six. If he would have placed sixth I would have been extremely happy for him. But him placing fourth I think is tremendous. That's awesome for Antoine. I'm really happy to see him in fourth. And fifth place you have Rafael, Brando. So that is your top five obviously Nathan D. Ash had decided not to do that show. So let's talk a little bit about these guys. So Sedrick Millen I would say is the disappointment of the show. When he announced that he was competing I think a lot of people were excited. A lot of people were interested in the show and a lot of people thought that Sedrick was going to win. Sedrick clearly the biggest name in this lineup and arguably the most disappointing physique in this lineup. And the reason for that would clearly be his conditioning. Conditioning was lacking. There's no question about it. And this is a lineup of guys that all of them really came in with pretty good conditioning. I mean Juan Morell some people say he wasn't conditioned in New York. I think certainly tonight Juan Morell's conditioning cannot be questions. He had great conditioning. Certainly next to a team Williams. He was the more conditioned guy. Certainly next to Sedrick. He was the more conditioned guy. And he deserved the win for that fact. And Antoine Vyant in my opinion one of the most conditioned guys in this entire lineup. I mean talk about a crazy classic physique. Ripped to the bone shredded arguably some of the best legs on stage. Man Antoine Vyant has a bright future ahead of him. I think this is just the beginning of his comeback. Again don't be disappointed that he didn't win the show. I don't think anyone really ever expected he was going to win. His first show right out of the gate and his comeback. But this is tremendous for him. I'm really happy for him. Really glad that he plays fourth. And on a personal note he actually watched my video that I did talking about his comeback. He commented it. So that was a very cool thing for me to see him watching my videos and commenting. So Antoine if you're watching this, congratulations bro. Certainly a very good placing for you. And Rafael Brand out in fifth. I'm not really sure how I feel about this. I think Rafael could have beat a guy like Sedrick. I think Rafael could have moved up to a third or fourth spot. And Sedrick could have actually moved down to a fifth or sixth spot. Now I know a lot of people might disagree with that because Sedrick is a very popular guy. He's one of the bigger names in this lineup. But honestly, I don't think conditioning like that should be rewarded with a third place finish. I mean, even though Sedrick is a big name guy, great structure, great physique. The conditioning like that man, we've seen much, much better versions of Sedrick. I think Antoine could have beaten Sedrick and I think Rafael could have beaten Sedrick. I would have had the placing honestly, you know, maybe Antoine had of Sedrick and third and Sedrick and fourth, possibly in fifth. I think overall Sedrick did have the structure to place highly in that top six. But that conditioning, I just don't think it should be rewarded. So I want to note you guys think in the comments section below about Sedrick's conditioning. And then if we go over to the two 12 side of things, you had Zane Watson picking up a major wind over Cody Montgomery. Now I was actually wrong about this two 12 results in my prediction video. I was pretty spot on about the men's open guys, but I actually had Cody edging out Zane for the wind. But it turned out I was wrong in Zane actually ended up beating Cody and Cody looked very disappointed on stage. I think he was definitely hoping to win his two 12 debut. Probably not a very exciting night for him placing second. I think he was hoping to do a lot better than that. But I'm certainly not going to say Zane didn't deserve it. Zane has an incredible physique. He's an incredible two 12 guy. And this is a guy that's certainly going to be on the radar at the two 12 Olympias. Zane Watson, he placed second at the New York Pro to Sean Clarita. This is a guy he's definitely, you know, he's on the map. Great physique, great conditioning. His dad is a golden Arab body building legend, Mike Watson. So Zane is certainly someone we need to watch out for in the future. So those are the results of the 2018 Toronto Pro. I hope you guys enjoyed the coverage. It is 11 o'clock where I am now. So I stayed up pretty much all day waiting for the results of this show so I can give you up to the minute coverage. The pre-judging started really late, which I thought it started earlier in the day. So I've been watching the updates from the show since this morning because I've out men's open was going to be this morning, but it wasn't men's open wasn't until about seven o'clock my time. So I've been waiting all day to give you guys this coverage. So I hope you guys did enjoy it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you have enjoyed it. Next time if a power signing out.

=== FILE: 2018 Vancouver Pro First Callout [yHwjsGXXxeo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Femme Power, so I know it's been a lot of videos this weekend, but it's a very busy weekend. In the bodybuilding competition scene, the Van Cover Pro is also going on this weekend. In addition to the Chicago Pro, I'm so honored to show you guys this video from the pre-judging of the men's open bodybuilding class at the Van Cover Pro. I wanted to give a shout out to Johnny Styles, you guys may remember him from working at RX Muscle. He actually sent me this video of the first call out at that Van Cover Pro. So in this first call out, in the light blue trunks on the end there, you have Ian Vier. I mean, I first saw him when I went to the indie pro where I thought he looked incredible, so this guy is definitely going to be a threat to the top four it looks like. In the golden trunks next to Ian, that is Alexis Rivera, in the green trunks you have Lucas Osloville, and in the blue trunks next to Lucas you have Josh Wade. Now, based on the way they're comparing these guys, it seems like they're keeping Lucas in the middle and moving people around Lucas to compare to him. So I think Lucas Osloville might be the favorite to win this show. Now, I would really like to see a guy like Ian Vier do well, because like I said, when I saw him at the indie pro, I was very impressed by his physique. He's just a very complete bodybuilder, very thick and dense physique. And I would like to see him do well here, possibly in that one or two spot, but they keep moving Josh Wade, who is the guy in the dark blue trunks back over next to Lucas. So I'm thinking it might be Lucas in first, Josh in second, possibly Alexis in third, and really maybe Alexis in Ian battling out for that third place spot. So that is the pre-judging video of the men's open bodybuilding division at the Vancouver Pro. I know there's a lot of videos this weekend, guys, but I want to keep you guys updated on every single show that's happening. Make sure you guys are informed and you know, don't want you guys to forget that there's another pro show going on in addition to the Chicago Pro. So I hope you guys are enjoying the contest coverage. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick, I'm a power signing out. Thank you.

=== FILE: 2018 Vancouver Pro Results [DquM8hHyezM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's time to power so I know there's been a lot of hype this week and about the Chicago bro But I don't want you guys to forget there was also the van cover pro this weekend, which was also an Olympia qualifier So that's why all these shows are important because the winner of all these shows We're gonna see at the Mr. Olympia so we cover these shows because they tell us who's gonna be on the Olympia stage So the lineup at the van cover pro wasn't nearly as deep as the lineup at the Chicago pro There weren't a whole lot of big names there. They weren't a whole lot of impressive guys there So I'll give you guys the top six here first so in the first place spot you have a guy named Lucas Oslo do so Lucas Oslo do is a guy That does not have the prettiest physique. He's very blocky in my opinion. He has a very blocky waist And he has some kind of weird body parts and weird proportion But that being said this guy is very very consistent and the reason why he places high and win shows is Conditioning is consistently just excellent excellent conditioning on this guy So I think the main two reasons he won this shows number one again the lineup really wasn't that deep And number two he was easily the best condition guy on that stage I'll be it not a very pretty physique, but conditioning does one shows and this is proof positive of that statement So in second place you have Alexis Rivera and third place you have Josh Wade and fourth place You have Ian Viere who in my opinion. I mean this guy is my favorite physique out of this lineup So the first time I saw this guy on stage and really noticed him was at the indie pro I was probably about three rows back from the front row of the stage and when this guy came out He was one of the guys that impressed me right off the bat. I mean this guy has one of the most massive and impressive most Muscular from the front that I think I've ever seen. I mean this guy's shoulders He's got like bowling ball sized delts. This guy has a crazy amount of mass and honestly for as much muscle as he carries on his frame His waist really isn't that big he actually has a very tapered waist For a guy that packed on as much muscle as he has onto that frame So I think Ian is very impressive. I would have liked to see him higher than fourth I think he could have been pushing you know a Josh Wade or an Alexis Rivera You know Lucas Oslo do again not the prettiest physique, but he was more conditioned than pretty much anybody else in that top six So behind Ian you had Victor Conno in sixth and Ronaldo Gary in that fifth place spot So let's get back to Lucas Oslo do for a minute So I was talking to Johnny Styles who was at the Vancouver pro in person And he told me that the conditioning on Lucas is something you really have to see in person Because for me it doesn't really come across as well in the photos as I'm sure it did on stage in person He obviously does look conditioned in the photos, but to me there's nothing crazy or stand out about the conditioning just looking at these pictures Now while I'm not a very big fan of the structure of his physique or the look of his physique one of the things that I do Appreciate about him is the fact that he does these crazy posing routines He always does something very unique and very memorable He always makes an effort to emphasize his posing. I mean he always does some crazy flexible stuff on stage You know touches his toes and he does this weird thing I remember at the Arnold Classic I was in the audience for that as well During his posing routine at the Arnold in Columbus, Ohio He did this weird thing with his glutes where he would like roll the glute like the sin you of the glute The fibers of the glute he would start from the bottom and flex the fibers from the bottom to the top Like it was something I've never seen before was one of the most you know odd things I've ever seen in opposing routine But it was memorable. I think that's one of the reasons why this guy does stand out on stage And again with this not being really the deepest line up I pretty much knew that he was gonna win after the pre-judging video I even said in my pre-judging video from Vancouver On the base on the way they constantly had Lucas in the middle and they were moving other guys around to compare to Lucas It looked like he was gonna be the clear winner of that show and that turned out to be the case So for those of you that can't tell or don't know who these guys are Lucas is the guy in the green posing trunks on the left hand side of him that is Josh Wade on the right hand side of him That is Alexis Rivera on the far right and the light blue posing trunks. That is Ian Viere and on the far left That would be Ronaldo Gary the personally out of this lineup my favorite physique at all these guys Ian Viere I guess the conditioning is what held him back because honestly I think from a physique stand point from a structure stand point From a just sheer muscle mass with a small waist in a weak lineup I mean this guy was one of my favorite physique so Ian Viere to me was a stand out of this show Lucas also don't get to see a limpia qualification and the win So that's the recap of the van cover pro please give this video a thumbs up if you've been enjoying the body building coverage Thanks for watching this video next time for power signing out

=== FILE: 2025 Poland Pro Bodybuilding Lineup and Preview [_Oz9wCPMECk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power, another week, another bodybuilding show this weekend. This weekend we have the Everest Muscle Stars Poland Pro, which I believe is the first ever IFBB men's open show that they've done in Poland. The competitor list just came out. It's a pretty deep competitor list. There's not a whole lot of really standout big names, but there's a lot of guys that we've seen compete recently that have done pretty well. So I think it's going to be one of those shows where that top four or five guys or so is going to be very close. So here's the list you've got David Balsarac, Brian Drogo. I really like his physique. I'm going to show some of his updates here in a minute. Alberto Bonomo, Roman Fritz, Patrick Glimbsky, Ed Cargbo, Sahar, Kazis, Amit Kosak, Powell Kualsky, Damian Kuffle, who we just saw compete at this past weekend's Prague Pro. Joseph Kventon, who we just saw compete at this past weekend's Prague Pro. There are quite a few guys that competed in Prague this past weekend, but none of the top guys. Martin, No Samson, No Keon, Matthew Zlundowski, Pablo Lopez, who we just saw compete at the British Grand Prix, where he was in that call out with Krizzo, Carol Malekki, Reismic Donald, Masid's Navaglo, Derec O'Lara, who we just saw compete in Prague, Daniel Poneezi-Lack, Bartolmue, Pope Lorsick, Joan Pardells, who just had a top five placing in Prague, Lucas Precop, Andrej Presty, Vilius Saznowski, Jan Turik, who we just saw compete in Prague. I believe he was six, a key Williams who we just saw at the Olympia and Peter Warniac. So I want to start with some of the standouts here for me first. So obviously I think that Joan Pardells in this lineup is a really clear standout. He was really impressive at the Prague Pro, undeniably so. He was close with Keon. Keon is still, you know, fourth place placing in this open debut. I know some people were disappointed by that. I think it was still a good-join, Keon is still one of the best body builders in the world. Joan Pardells was tied with Keon at Precogion for that fourth place spot and only lost by a point moving back into fifth. So he looked incredible at the Prague show. He was really legitimately in that mix with Krizzo with Keon. And the Prague Pro was really impressive lineup. Top five there, I think there was about 30 guys. And the guys that he was facing, like I said, tying with Keon, I think is a pretty big deal. So Joan is the real deal. He brought it. I have a feeling he's also going to bring it to this show. And like I said, you know, with this Poland show, you don't really have a crazy standout here that's like, you know, a top Olympian, multiple times show winner this year. There's nobody that really jumps out crazy. My eyes are really drawn to Joan in this lineup. And I think when we're talking about who could be in that first call out who could be top five Joan is definitely at the top of my list here now. Another guy that is really drawing my attention in this list is Andrea Presti. And that's because Andrea almost won two shows this year. The flex weekend Italy pro in June he was second. Then also that China pro earlier in June he was second. So narrowly missing the Olympia qualification this year twice with two runner up positions. And I think when you think about his most recent showing in Italy, that was the one against Nexzilla Rubio Mascara. So he was second at that show. And he looks pretty good at that show. I think the China pro was a little bit more controversial with who should have won that show. But I think Andrea will probably be a factor here. He'll probably be first call out. He'll probably be a top five guy. But I think it is worth noting that he hasn't won a show since 2023 when he won the Big Man Weekend. So it's been two years since he's won an open pro show. Now of course you also have a team Williams in this lineup and you can never really count out a team at the Olympia. He just competed a couple weeks ago. He was 16. So he was in the tide for last place position. But he did win last year's Big Man Weekend in Spain to qualify for the Olympia as well as the Toronto Pro Super Show in 2024. So I think Toronto qualified him for the 2024 Olympia in the Big Man Weekend qualified him for this year's Olympia. And I was looking at the latest physique update he posted today. And again, you can never count him out. I mean, the team always looks gigantic. I don't know if I'm convinced that after the Olympia showing that we saw from a team, he's going to be a crazy, big factor here. But he looks gigantic. He looks like he's in shape. So it's hard to ever bet against somebody like a team. But if I'm being honest, I thought the last place look that a team had at the Olympia this year was one of the worst versions of a team that we've seen. So I don't know. I don't know if like a lackluster a team is going to be able to beat you know, a Joan Predel's and Andre of Presti if they're on here. And I think it's kind of wild to think about how long a team has been around. I was looking at his contest history earlier. And he's he's been competing in the IFBB since all the way back in 2014. If you look back at the 2019 Olympia, that was the Olympia he was ninth. And then the 2020 Olympia, the first year of COVID. He was top six at the Olympia. So that was five years ago. He is getting older. But there's been shows and there's been times when a team has been a pretty significant factor. Maybe that's the case in Poland. Then he've also got Jan Turich like I mentioned here. He just competed in the Prague pro. He got six place there. Brought incredible condition to that show. Just peeled it to the bone. I think it was on the merit of that condition that he was able to crack that group. And ended up standing up there and a call out with Samson Martin Kion. Crisot Joan. I think it's definitely a show like this where condition like that could be a factor. Because again, I don't think there's really a crystal clear frontrunner here. I think this is going to be a close competition. And if you have some of these guys coming off like a team or like Andrea Presti and you've got somebody just absolutely peeled out of their minds like Jan Turich. He could sneak in there. So I think we're shaping up to have a nice little battle at this show. And I think whoever's in that top five, it's going to be close. Another name that really stands out to me here is going to be Edward Cardbow. I was looking at his Instagram earlier. And I don't see any recent physique updates or really any mention that he's doing the show. He is on the list. His name's on the list. But I was looking at his Instagram. I was reading some of the posts and a lot of them were saying like, he's going to compete next year to try to get to next year's Olympia. And granted, this is a qualifier for next year's Olympia. I just don't see any real mention of this show on his page. And again, he's on the list. But he's got a really impressive physique. We just saw him compete recently at the Europa Pro against Ers, Calacensky. He was actually top three at that show. Really impressive physique. A lot of size, very round, bubbly muscle. And honestly, when I rewatched this video of Ed from the Europa show, I really forgot how impressive he looked at that show. I mean, this is a pretty good look. Another guy that's standing out to me in this lineup, Pablo Lopez, Munoz. He looked really impressive at the British Grand Prix last weekend. I guess it was almost two weekends ago, right? No weekend before this past weekend, the show that Michael Krizzo won. He was top four there. I thought he looked crazy impressive at that show. I thought he actually should have been higher than fourth to be honest. He looked really impressive. Crazy delts. Crazy upper body. His condition was on point. Just brought a really competitive look to that show. I don't believe he's ever won a pro show. He's only been competing as a pro since 2024. And he's definitely a guy that I would like to see finally get his first professional win. Because like I said, his upper body, his delts, his traps, just insane. And the final guy that I wanted to take a look at here from this list that really stands out is Brian Drogo. We saw him compete three times so far in 2025. The Mr. Big Evolution, the Portugal pro, he was tenth. He was eighth at the Flex Pro weekend in Italy. And his best placing of the year was fourth place at the M pro classic. And that was a pretty good top four that he was in there. You had Angel Couteroan in Sao Sarrati. And I think that Drogo probably will need a little bit more added size to be competitive in a lineup like this. He's got some monsters in this lineup here. But I think he's got a very aesthetically pleasing physique. I think we saw some pretty well-conditioned versions of his physique so far this year. And I think as far as young up and coming guys, he's definitely one of them to keep an eye on. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Going back over to the competitor list here. The standouts. So if I had to say, if I'd to pick five guys for the top five here, I would probably go Jan Turk on Dreopresti. And I think that's what I think about the top five. I'd say a team should be top five here unless he's like way off. In the fifth guy, I think I would go, I think I'd go either Pablo or Ed Cardbowl. To round out that top five. Pablo Lopez or Edward Cardbowl. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Give me your predictions based on this competitor list for the Everest muscle stars. I'm going to call in pro this weekend again. I believe it's the first ever open show in Poland. Make sure you guys like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's rank and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want an extra and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: 2025 Poland Pro Finals Recap and Results + Nick Walker's Coach Gives Final Message on Him and Nick [vgtn_6IH8t4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys today, the finals for the 2025 Everest Muscle Stars Pull and Pro, wrapped up this morning. And the results of that show in fifth place you had Damian Kufel in fourth place, a team Williams in third place, Pablo Lopez in second place, Joan Predel's and in first place Andre A. Presti. Now I know a lot of people want to Joan Predel's to win this show. And if you're watching the live stream, you could see even in the stream, even though the quality of the show. There was a pretty significant difference in condition between Joan and Andre A. Andre A was a lot sharper and a lot tighter. And I think the argument for Joan was that he was much bigger, more muscular, fuller, but especially in the lower body. The lower body has always kind of been a weak point for Andre A. Presti. And I actually saw some pictures that Andre A. Presti, who was a lot more clear than the live stream. And in these pictures on Andre A's page, I think the condition difference is much more visible in the HD pictures than it is on the live stream. I mean, it's definitely visible on the stream. But when you look at these pictures, yes, there's a really big size difference in the lower body. Joan has much bigger lower body front back inside. But the condition of Andre A is without a doubt. It's levels above Joan. And I actually do think this was a deserve victory. I think when you look at the pictures and more HD shots, I think the condition difference wasn't enough to give Andre A this victory. Even though Joan was bigger, more muscular, looked a lot fuller through the lower body. Just a lot more size to the lower body in general. The condition difference, especially from the back, when you look at the glutes and hamstrings. I mean, you got to give it to Andre A when you see some of these shots. Now, I do wonder if Joan decides to keep competing because so far this is his best placing this year. He's at some really good placing at the British Grand Prix. Obviously, the fifth place placing at Prague Pro where he got talked about a lot with the comparison with Keyon. Now he's up to second place here. He's getting very close to that Olympia qualification. I wonder if he keeps competing in, I think there's a couple more shows before the end of 2025. It looks like there's four more shows. There's four more open shows. Now there are some natural open shows in there, but just talking about the straight-up open shows. You got Romanian muscle fest, which is next weekend already. Then he also got the Mr. Big Evolution at the end of November. You've got the Japan Pro at the end of November. And he also got the Big Man Weekend in Spain at the end of November. Okay, the Mr. Big Evolution is actually a Master's 40+. Maybe three more open shows. But that we can have no members pretty packed. November 23rd weekend. So I wonder if we see Joan keep going to try to get that Olympia qualification because I think this is the best he's ever looked this year. Maybe not at this show. But this is definitely the best we've ever seen Joan Perdosa. I think he's made a ton of improvements and he's arrived now. He's going to need to come in a little bit tighter condition to be a little bit more competitive, especially against the Gallic Andre of Presti. And you know, the reason why I like in my pre-judging video, I was leaning towards Joan out of the two of them. It's one, I don't think the condition difference was as clear on the live screen. But two, you know, we kind of saw a version of this, a little bit more of an extreme version of this. When earlier this year, Andreia competed against Rubio Moscara in Nexilah. It was kind of the same situation. Andreia was tighter, more conditioned, but there was this very clear lower body difference. And granted, this was one of the shows that Rubio was in really good shape at. And again, this is an extreme example because Rubio's lower body is just absolutely insanely large. But in that case, Rubio was less conditioned, had bigger legs. They gave it to Rubio. So I thought maybe in this case, it could go the same way because Joan, it's not like Joan looked off here. It's not like he was in bad condition. He was just in worse condition than Andreia. So I could have seen them giving it to him. But then really, like I said, looking at the HD pictures, it is a pretty clear difference in condition. I feel like you almost have to give it to Andreia when you come in that much more peeled than the number two spot. And again, especially the glutes and ham just look crazy. But I do think this was a deserved victory for Andreia, Presti. Now let me know what you guys think in the comments below. I'm sure this is going to be maybe one of the controversial decisions. I saw a lot of people after the prejudging video saying they had Joan winning. So I'm sure there will be some folks at disagree with this decision. But looking at looking at some of those HD pictures, like I said, I can see that condition difference a lot more clearly. And I can totally see the justification for Andreia Presti winning this show. Now next up in the news, I thought this was interesting Kyle Wilkes. The former coach of Nick Walker gives his last word on the Nick Walker coaching split, and coaching split situations. So this has been one of the hot button topics of the week. A lot of people very curious as if there was some kind of underlying reason to why him and Nick split. If there was anything beyond just the look at the Olympia, if it was something personal, there's this thing where they're calling each other best friends on social media. So this is what Kyle said, and he says to the last time he's ever going to address this. He says, I only want to address this once, and since I continue to be asked to speak on it, please see below. Many of you have already heard my thoughts during the Unwrapped podcast episode, so I have no desire to rehash anything. So that's the podcast episode that we already talked about in a video, where he talks about Nick Walker saying that Nick told him he didn't like the Pittsburgh pro look, etc. I'll just say I remain fully confident in my abilities and in the work I did with Nick as his Pittsburgh and New York look spoke for themselves. And in my opinion, put a might back into the conversation within the IFBB. The body-building community, including IFBB Vice President Tyler, Manning Respondent Extremely, well to that look as one can reference from any post going back to May and even now. That is what it came as news to me that Nick was unhappy with this presentation and Pittsburgh and now my methods. I only wish that it had been communicated directly previously, especially considering the amount of time, energy and commitment. I put into his prep and season overall. The reality of the situation is that there were a lot of sacrifices made both professionally and personally that Nick commands from his coach. At the end of the day, athletes are free to work with whom they choose and I will always respect that, but when someone publicly refers to as their best friend, as Nick did, you naturally expect a level of integrity and communication that extends beyond just business. I sincerely wish Nick nothing but the best, nothing but success moving forward. As for me, I will continue focusing on my own path. One that's already been incredibly fulfilling long before this partnership ever began. Everyone has entitled to their own opinions. And I'm perfectly appealed that. I will continue to speak for the coaches in the industry as there are always two sides. So look, honestly, I think this was a pretty good mature, final note from Kyle Wilkes. I think that overall this situation has been interesting in the sense that I've seen both of them kind of catch heat from both sides. I mean, Nick is a very high profile body builder. This is a big deal. The Olympia placing was not good. I've seen both Nick and Kyle get a lot of heat from this. And honestly, you know, I still haven't really seen any personal digs from either guy. The worst thing Nick said was he didn't like his looking Pittsburgh. He didn't like the looks that Kyle brought for him or that he brought with Kyle. And Kyle didn't really make any personal digs at Nick either. Kyle just said that Nick demands a lot from a coach. So I just don't particularly see this as like this, maybe as dramatic as people are making it seem. I know they keep throwing around the fact that they were quote unquote best friends or whatever. And maybe the unfollowing of each other on Instagram other than that. It doesn't really seem like there's much more to it than Nick was unhappy with the looks that he brought with Kyle, whether you agree or disagree with that. He was unhappy and he wants a different coach or wants to pursue something different. And for the record, I do disagree with that take. I really liked the look that he brought to Pittsburgh. I thought that was one of his best. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below about the Nick Walker and Kyle Willke split. I would also imagine you're probably not going to see Nick speak on this again. It seems like it's kind of settled. And I think also I'd like to know what do you guys think is next for Nick Walker. So I think I'll probably just wrap up the video there. Those are definitely the two big stories of the day. So let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. If you guys like the video, subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already. And as always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Next rank the power signing out. Alright guys. Don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick Strength and Vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: 2025 Poland Pro Prejudging Open Bodybuilding [3ljxW-eYH78].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's strength and power, so the pre-judging for the Everest muscle stars Poland Pro opened body building just wrapped up. So here you have your final four collons. It's kind of easy if you guys don't know who these guys are because they're all wearing different colors here. So in the pink or reddish color is Pablo Lopez. In the royal blue color is Joan Perdele's, the light blue color and of course on the end there you have a keen William. So this is an interesting call out. It looks like the top two is going to be on Drea Presty and Joan Perdele's. Two very different physiques. I feel like Joan has been kind of the breakout star of the last few shows that he's done. So he hasn't won any of them. He's made a pretty big impression. He's definitely made a lot of improvements. He's added a lot of size. He almost beat Keon Pearson at the Prague Pro a couple weeks ago. In fact he was tied with Keon at the pre-judging of that show. He was also very impressive at the British Grand Prix a week prior to that. So the question is will this finally be the show that Joan is able to win? It's a tough one because it's I think it's clearly between him and Andrea Presty. Andrea seems to be a lot tighter, a lot better conditioned. But Joan has a lot more size. He's a lot more proportional because his lower body looks a lot bigger than on Drea's. But then from the back on Drea's lower body looks a lot tighter than Joan's. And even from the front, but the size difference in the legs is very noticeable here. James legs are a lot bigger. But again, almost every shot on Drea is a lot tighter in the lower body. And then again, you know, Keon Williams actually looks pretty good here. I know he didn't do as well as he was hoping to do with the Olympia. He was 16th at the O. A Keon looks pretty good here too. But they did keep a Keon on the outside every time they moved him around in this call out. They kept him on the outside. So it doesn't look like he's going to be top two. I think it is between Joan and Andrea Presty. And I think it's a tough one. I personally prefer Joan in a lot of these shots. Even though he's not as conditioned as Presty, I just think the size difference in that lower body is so noticeable that that might overcome the difference in conditioning between him and Andrea. And I should also mention that this is a two day show. So today was the pre-judging for this show tomorrow will be the final. So all these guys do have a full day to come in better. Which includes Joan. So I say that to say if Joan comes in tighter tomorrow, I think he wins this show. I feel like it's kind of an apples and oranges top two here because Andrea is so conditioned and that's what he's known for. But I just feel like Joan has so much more size. And even in the upper body too, now that I'm looking at it, first I kind of noticed the lower body because I think that's kind of one of the weaker points of Andrea. But even in the upper body, I think Joan has more size just overall than Andrea. And he's not in bad condition. He's just not quite as tight as Presty is here. And we've talked a lot this year about the young guys about the new talent and body but I think Joan is probably about to get his name added to that list. He's had a pretty impressive past couple of showings. And if he ends up winning this show, I think it's going to be the beginning of probably a very bright future for him. If he makes it to the Olympia 2026, because again, watching his individual routine, he's very impressive. I mean, the guy, he's got a very small ways. He's aesthetically pleasing. He's got a ton of size. This year has been the biggest I've seen him. And even though he ended up in fifth at the Prague pro, you've got to think about how competitive that lineup was even to be in that call out with, you know, Keon, Krizo, Martin and Samson. I feel like that's an example of a show where a young guy being just being in that call out is impressive enough. And then being able to tie with Keon at the pre-judging there. Two, twelve, three time, two, twelve, Mr. Olympia, champ, some people say is the pound for pound, best body builder in the world. Joan's been pretty impressive with what he's done so far and maybe this is going to be the show that gets him that ticket to his Olympia debut. So third at the British Grand Prix, fifth at the Prague pro is the Poland pro going to be his first win. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Make sure you guys like the video, subscribe to the channel, click that bell notification icon if you haven't already. Let me know who you've got winning the Poland pro and tomorrow we have the finals. As always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick Strengthen, Power, signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to the channel. With this channel if you enjoy the content, also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick Strengthen, Power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick Strengthen, vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick Strengthen, Pokemon, which is all things, Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. Because when an extra power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: 2025 Prague Pro Finals Recap and Results： Martin Fitzwater Defeats Samson and Keone [dnU0h6CuybY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strength and Power and the Finals of the 2025 Prague Pro just wrapped up. Very exciting show, probably one of the most anticipated shows of the year outside of the major ones like the Olympia or the Arnold. At the open body building debut of Keyon Pearson, you had Samson versus Martin's rematch from the Olympia and there's all its were interesting. In fifth place you had Joan Pradell's, in fourth place you had Keyon Pearson, in fourth that is open debut, in third place you had Michael Cruzo, in second place, Samson D'Auda and in first place Martin Fitzwater. So first let's talk about Martin versus Samson because I think that was the most exciting battle of the night from pre-judging to finals that was the very clear top two. Both of them clearly looked improved from the Olympia just two weeks ago. Now I had Martin winning at pre-judging and I also had Martin winning at finals. So when you look at the top two comparison here of Samson and Martin, there's two things that are clear. One thing like I said Samson wasn't improved from the Olympia. He was bigger, he was fuller, he talked about this a lot going into the show. At the Olympia he was about 280 at this show, he wanted to be over 300 pounds at least on stage. So he was much bigger, much fuller here. But Martin I feel like was undeniable here. His condition, his detail, his thickness, that grainy density that Martin had, Martin's lower body looked absolutely insane here. Just the separation in the quads, the cross-striations, deep dugout, carved hamstrings, and the right of glutes, just detailed from head to toe, but the lower body in particular compared to Samson's. I felt like was undeniably better. And so that's kind of how I looked at this top two. It's like yeah, they both looked better than the Olympia. But I think Samson's bar was a little bit lower because Samson was, I think we can all agree, Samson was pretty off at the Olympia. It was not the Samson we were used to seeing at all. So him improving upon that was kind of a low bar. He kind of could have done anything to come in fuller and look better than that. Look, but with Martin it's a little bit different because I felt like Martin looked phenomenal at the Olympia. So for him to come in here and clearly be the best shape of his life, the best Martin we've ever seen, peaked perfectly, ripped condition to detailed. So I felt like the bar for Martin was much higher here in order for him to look better from the Olympia. Yes, they both looked better. The version of Samson that we saw here in Prague was kind of like, that was the version we should have seen at the Olympia. But the Olympia version of Martin was what we should have seen from Martin. He looks fantastic there. So he raised the bar from that, which in my opinion is more impressive. And then again, when he just compared the detail, especially the lower body, but even the chest, like Martin has a crazy thick dense chest. The separation in the striations and the chest is crazy. He's a very complete bodybuilder. He's just very dangerous. It's hard to pick out a real weak point in his physique. He's very proportionally, he's very balanced. He's very dense and almost all the poses. Crazy detail and almost all the poses. I think as you're watching this top two, I think I would give him definitely the abs and thighs. I think I would give him front double front, last spread, most muscular. I think Samson still takes the side chest. Honestly, your Samson is good in the side poses. When you look at Martin's side tricep here, Martin's side tricep wasn't saying I would give that to Martin. Back double, I think I'd give the Martin maybe you could give the back of last spread to Samson. But I think Martin in a lot of these poses, you can make a strong argument for him taking those shots. And again, we got to really give Martin his flowers here. I said this in the pre-judging video. He's kind of becoming like Phil Heath in the sense that the dream killer nickname. Keep in mind that last year at the Olympia, it was his Olympia debut and he was top four. Just think about how impressive that is. But then also last year at Prague, which he won, he beat Chris Bumstedt at his open debut. Maybe the most anticipated open debut of all time was Chris Bumstedt's. Then we had Keyons, open debut. Another highly anticipated champion body builder from another division that everyone says is going to be crazy successful and open. Martin defeats him at his open debut. But now on top of that, Samson doubt a Mr. Olympia champ looking for redemption after a pretty lackluster Olympia showing. Now Martin has beaten a Mr. Olympia champ in Samson doubt. And it wasn't an off Samson. Like I said, this was the Samson that I feel like we should have seen at the Olympia. So Martin didn't beat a lackluster Samson. This was a pretty good Samson. I'm not going to deny that. But I think that's what makes this even more impressive for Martin. From last year's Prague show to this year's Prague show, including last year's Olympia, including this year's Olympia, Martin has now beaten Brandon Curry, Samson doubt a Chris Bumsted and Keyon Pearson. So in one year, he has beaten a total of 11 Olympia titles. Chris with six Keyon with three Brandon and Samson each with one. I think Martin has proven he's here to stay and he means business. And this is the type of detail that I feel like we want to see from a guy as thick as Martin. This is the type of detail I want to see winning shows like Prague. I want to see him win or show like the Arnold. I know that he's planning on doing the Arnold. Martin looked great here. There's no denying it. Now let's take a look at the call out from the finals that also included Keyon, Joan Pardels, and Michael Krizzo. So Keyon I think definitely looked better at the finals. He looked improved and I think that's what moved him up into fourth place. I think he was in fifth at pre-judging and he did enough at finals to move up a little bit. I don't think Joan really improved from pre-judging to finals. Keyon did and I think that's what put him in fourth. And why did Keyon end up in fourth? Why was he not in the top three? Why did he not end up in the top two? Why did he not win the show? I still think in my mind it just had to have came down to size. I think he just he must not have been big enough. There were some big dudes in this lineup and I feel like Keyon just got lost in that mix. He got out size and he got kind of pushed to the outside every time because the big guys just kind of overshadowed him. I do think that Keyon could have came in a little bit tighter for this show. Even when you look at him compared to Martin, they're very similar height. But Martin, his detail and that crispness was just a whole other level than Keyons. And again the lower body of Martin was insane. And I think Keyon's lower body didn't look quite as impressive or maybe as proportional as it did at the Olympia. He looked. His legs looked a little bit downsized or a little bit flat. They didn't look as crazy as they looked at the Olympia. And I think that's another thing that kind of held him back here. The legs to me is probably one of the areas that he needs to add size to be competitive and open because upper body wise in some of the poses that are more focused on the upper body. Front last spread front double bicep. I felt like Keyon was still really hanging in there in those poses. But poses like the abs and thighs for example were the legs are really highlighted. I felt like I wasn't as drawn to looking at Keyon. And I think even more impressively and I feel like we saw this coming. Michael Krizo in third beating Keyon at Keyon's Open debut. Was this the best Krizo that we ever seen? He looked way better at the finals. Krizo looked full as a house, crisp, conditioned, detailed. I know he's kind of getting overshadowed here because Samson and Martin is the main story. That was the main battle. The Krizo at the finals of this show may have been the best Krizo that we've ever seen. And he defeated Keyon Pearson. And there was just something different about Krizo going into this show. And I think this might be one of those instances where you can tell from a physique update that a guy is going to be on because Krizo, the updates that we were seeing from him at a couple days out from this show, it looked like a different Krizo. He looked crazy. And those most muscular videos and stuff that we were seeing at two three days out. He looked different and you could tell he knew he was on. You could tell he was confident. You could tell he knew he looked crazy. And he looked crazy here. And top three in this group of guys, Keyon Pearson is one thing, but to be considered next to Samson and Martin, the best Martin we've ever seen. Martin, I think this might be a stretch. This Martin I think would have been top three at the Olympia. Martin looked like this at the Olympia. He would have been top three. He wouldn't have been fifth. I'll even go, I'll go one step further. I can see a world where this Martin beats Derek. This Martin at the Olympia, I think beats Olympia Derek. So for me, I just want to point that out because Martin was the guy that I was just the most impressed with here. He was the clear stand out for me at pre-judging. He was just the guy that looked, he looked the most different out of everybody. And his individuals in the lineups, you could just see a whole different level of detail from him. And that's, you know, thick detail to complete. That's a very hard body builder to be. I don't see, you know, I'm sure I'm sure people probably will think this was a controversial call because it is Samson down to, I think this was the right call. I think Martin deserved this. And what he brought to this Prague stage was just absolutely nuts. But let me know what you guys think of this decision in the comments down below. How did you guys have it? Do you agree? Do you disagree? What did you think of Martin? What did you think of Samson? What did you think about Keyon's Open Day view? What we saw from Crisot? Let me know in the comments down below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick strength and power. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick Strength and Vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: 2025 Prague Pro Prejudging： Samson VS Martin + Is Keone in 5th？？？ [Hur2RyFr4eg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Powers for the moment we've all been waiting for the Prague Pro Pre-Judging just wrapped up. It was a really interesting pre-Judging, so in that first call out, he had all the guys that we kind of expected to see there. He had Keyon Pearson, he had Samson Dada, he had Martin Fitzwater. The novel Baron was in there that was kind of a surprise. You also had Joan Perdels. And of course, Michael Criszo was in there, so we've talked pretty much about all these guys going into the show, not really surprised to see them in the first call out. I think the biggest surprise was that in both the first and final call out, Keyon was not moved at all. He stayed on the end of both callouts the entire time. I think suggesting that they have Keyon in fifth place here, which is a bit, it's a bit surprising to me that they didn't move Keyon. I will say though, I didn't think that Keyon was going to be top two here after watching pre-Judging. I don't think it's not like I think he got robbed of a top two position. I think this show was very clearly going to be between Martin and Samson once we saw that first call out. So it's not like I think had he been moved. He would have been top two or won the show. I would have liked to see him get a better look or get moved around a little bit more than he did, which was not at all. He didn't get moved once the entire pre-judging either call out. Now, the standout of this show for me was Martin Fitzwater. I wanted to show this video from rep one of Martin's individual routine. I think by far, this is the best version of Martin that we've ever seen. He looked incredible here. Absolutely nailed his peak. I think he definitely looked better than the Olympia. His conditioning was nuts here. And I think he really got to give Martin credit. He's coming in to this prog show now two years in a row. And I guess we're going to have to start calling him the dream killer, like Phil Heath because last year when he won prog, he beat Chris Bumstead who made his open debut. It seems almost certain at this point that he's also going to beat Keon Pearson to 12 Mr. Olympia champ making his open debut. And I think he might win this show. I think Martin looks that good now. We definitely have to give Samson credit here to he looked significantly better than he looked at the Olympia. We know that his game plan going into this show was the coming bigger to come in heavier. And I think that's exactly what you saw here. This 300 pound version of Samson compared to the 280 pound version of Samson at the Olympia. Looked a lot fuller. I thought his conditioning looked tighter. Just a much better overall version of Samson. He definitely made the improvements. And really when you consider the fact that it was two weeks in between the Olympia and this show, it was a significantly improved version of Samson. So he definitely brought it here. He, I think he got some redemption here. I still think I would give it to Martin. I think that Martin looked incredible here. And if he was ever going to flip that placing in place ahead of Samson, because some people are arguing that he should have at the Olympia, I think this would be the year. This would be the show. I don't think that I have literally ever seen Martin look this good. He deserves all the credit in the world. This was an incredibly detailed, incredibly hard condition. Just overall. It was a fantastic version of Martin. And I think that he really brought up some of his weaker poses. I think he looked a lot better from the back like the back double bicep, for example. Just overall. I really want to see Martin win this. I think he deserves it. And I think if he's ever going to beat Samson, like I said, and flip those play things, I think this would be the show. This, this was an incredible version of Martin. He's really, he's really taking scalps here. I mean, again, back to back, prox, it looks like he's going to beat both Chris bumps that from last year and key on from this year, squashing two of the biggest, open day views that we've ever anticipated or seen. So Martin deserves a lot of credit here. I will say, the lighting here was not the greatest. I'm sure a lot of you guys noticed that, especially on some of the darker guys, like Keyon and Samson, it was a little bit harder to see the finer details on their physique. The lighting wasn't great. The background wasn't great. The color of the color and brightness of the background just wasn't. It wasn't conducive to really showcasing these physiques to the best the ability that they could have. I was a little bit surprised with how bad the lighting was here considering, you know, this this lighting thing has become such a major talking point in body building with really every show. I'm so surprised to see that. And then James Hollings had was not at the show. He was supposed to compete. He was on the competitor list. We still don't know what happened with James. He just he wasn't there. He didn't compete. I'm kind of curious because when they started the pre-judging, they said, um, the bodybuilders aren't ready yet. So we're going to run 20 minutes late. So they just kind of paused the show for 20 minutes and then did pre-judging 20 minutes later. So I don't know if that had anything to do with why James didn't compete or why James wasn't there. If it had anything to do with James at all, but they did have a late start to the show. And they said the reason was because the bodybuilders weren't ready. So I don't know what that means or what exactly that was. But we do know that James wasn't there. So let's get into the final call out for the top five. So this this is where it got interesting because again, they didn't move key on, but they didn't necessarily have to in this call out because over the course of this final call out, they did put basically everybody next to him. He got to stand next to Martin by the way, they moved Martin. He got to stand next to Samson by the way, they moved Samson. He got to stand next to Cruzo by the way, they moved Cruzo. But still the majority of the call out seemed like it's going to be between Samson and Martin for the win. And it really seems like based on the first and this call out that they're comparing Joan per Dells and Michael Cruzo for third and fourth. And it just kind of looks like how they moved these guys around and the lack of movement for Keyon that they it seems like they solidly have Keyon and fifth, which is surprising to me because yes, I'll say like, Keyon did look small in this lineup. And of course, that was to be expected. He just came off the two 12 stage. He didn't have a full off season to prep for this. We were expecting to see a similar sized Keyon with how he looked at the Olympia. But I don't think he looked bad here. I feel like he could have been a little tighter through the glutes and hamstrings. I feel like the lower body maybe looked a little bit flat here. I don't think the midsection looked as bad as it looked at the Olympia. Like overall for an open day view, I thought this was a pretty good look for Keyon. I don't think he was off. I don't think he missed the mark. I don't think he was quite tight enough to be in that top two. But I think the surprising thing is it looks like Crisot and Joan Predel's are going to be placing ahead of him and Joan looked really impressive. We talked about him going into the show. Crisot looked really impressive going into the show. I feel like he looked a little bit flat here. And I think another thing that's important to point out is that this is a two day show. So pre-judging is today Saturday. And the finals is tomorrow Sunday. So it's like the Olympia. So there's significant time in between pre-judging and finals for these guys to make changes and improvements. And you can see a very different result for the finals based on who comes in better and who comes in worse. It is worth pointing out that like at the Olympia, for example, Keyon came in much better for the finals. Martin typically comes in much better for the finals. But the Olympia, it is interesting though. Samson actually scored a worse at the finals than he did at the pre-judging for the Olympia. And that's when Andrew Jack moved up into that third place spot or at least solidly became that third place spot in Samson lost a few points at the final. So it's hard to say what's going to happen tomorrow. But it does look like based on these callouts that the judges at least have both Joan Predel's and Michael Crisot ahead of Keyon. Now I'm guessing it's mostly a size thing. I'm guessing that's it because these guys are much bigger than Keyon. I think in some of these cases we're talking 50, 60, 70 pounds potentially heavier than Keyon. It looks like that size difference with Keyon just stepping off the 12 stage was significant enough to keep him out of the conversation for the win. And we did kind of talk about this in the last preview video for this show that this is the interesting exciting thing about an open body building they view with a guy like Keyon because you know on one hand you could have that crazy scenario where Keyon wins his open debut and beats all these crazy guys. But we did talk about how on the other hand there is risk to it. If size is an issue for Keyon and open body building you could have a guy like Joan Predel's and Michael Crisot. These guys could also beat him. It might not just be Samson and Martin. You could have these other guys that are much bigger if they're in good shape. They could beat him too. And it looks like that's what's going to happen here. So I think when it comes down to it the fact that they didn't move him in my mind it has to be a size thing. But I think he was tighter. I think he was tighter than Joan especially from the back. I think he was four than Crisot. I think Crisot looked a little flat here. He didn't look as freaky as he looked in some of the updates that we saw. But I don't really, I wouldn't really say that Keyon was off. So in my mind it has to be a size thing. So maybe they just want him to put on more muscle for open. But I feel like the thing with Keyon is like kind of the same knock on Derek and Hottie. Is he so much shorter than the other guys. When we're talking about the size difference I feel like he looks so much smaller on stage because of his height. But again when we have that like pound for pound conversation, how does Keyon look pound for pound? Does he look small pound for pound? I don't necessarily think that's the case. I just think that his height is like so visibly different on stage in these other guys. He's just so much shorter. I feel like you think of him as smaller when you look at him and it's mostly the height. That's how I'm saying it. But then when he stands next to Martin they're like the same height and I think I've got Martin winning the show. But without a doubt Martin was definitely he was more conditioned. He was tighter. He was harder than Keyon. Even if Keyon were moved into the center next to Martin. I would have to say Martin all day. This was the best Martin I think I've ever seen and it was very impressive. Samson could take it to again we do have a second day of the show. So it's not like one of these shows where it's an hour in between prejudging and finals and nothing really changes. It's like the Olympia. A lot could change between today and tomorrow. So I don't think these results are set in stone. Hopefully if Keyon comes back tighter he gets maybe a better look at the finals and maybe gets moved around a little bit more. But to me that's kind of the surprise of the show that it looks like Keyon is not going to be in the top three and it's probably going to be fifth. Just based on the way they moved him. That's really what it looks like. It is surprising to me. But if I'm being honest you guys know how much I like Keyon. I'm a big fan of his physique. I consider him to be a friend. I can't honestly say that I would have had Keyon top two here. But I think fifth is a bit surprising. So I guess I've got a couple questions for you guys. Number one obviously give me your predictions in the comments below. Based on this pre-judging, how do you have this playing out? Who do you have winning? I think it's almost certainly between Samson and Martin at this point. I don't think there's really any debate about that. At this point after pre-judging it's going to be one of those two guys. I'm leaning towards Martin. I think this was I've said it five times in this video. But I think this was a crazy version of Martin. And then I guess the other question for you guys. What do you think happened with Keyon here? Was it just the size thing? Is he just still too small? Has he not had enough time to have a full proper off season to grow and put on size for open bodybuilding? Was it a conditioned thing? I do think he was a little soft in some poses and soft as kind of a relative term here. Because I don't think he was off. I think he looked comparable to the Olympia look. And I think in certain shots he looked harder than Cruzo in Joan with a better structure and a better shape but just not as much size. So I guess that's what I'm wondering. Is it just a size thing? Or is there a chance the judges are kind of playing mind games here? Keyon is there a chance he is in the top three? Because again, you know, that final call out. They didn't move Keyon but in the way that they moved the other guys, they did let him stand next to Martin, stand next to Cruzo and Samson, all at different points in that call it. So he did technically get compared with them. But he wasn't compared with them as him being in the center, which is like the strongest indicator of who's the top two who's going to win. He was just always on the outside, which to me, it looks like he's going to be fifth. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel, click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's strength and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want an Nick's strength and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: 400lb Bodybuilder Greg Kovacs Measures his Arm (25 inches) [Wfbm0QtFAc4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I found a clip that you guys might enjoy of the bodybuilder Greg Covax. So Greg Covax is one of the biggest bodybuilders in the history of professional bodybuilding. He was the first professional bodybuilder to ever weigh 400 pounds in the offseason. At a height of 6 foot 4 Greg Covax claimed a massive 420 pounds offseason weight at his very biggest. Which is about 190.5 kilograms. Now the interesting thing about Greg and this is why I want to show you guys this video of Greg measuring his biceps. It's not only the Greg claim to have these crazy measurements, but he actually back them up. So in a lot of cases you'll see bodybuilder saying they have 24 and charms 25 and charms. Kind of inflating there's statistics a little bit. But Greg was one of the guys that actually claimed to have an accurate measurement of his arm. He actually claimed that his arms were 25 inches. And in this video here he measures his arms at 25 and a half inches. Actually a little over 25 and a half inches. Which is about 64 or 65 centimeters. So this guy has some crazy big arms. Obviously his physique. He has the physique to go with it. Now unfortunately his career would progress. His arms would start to get smaller and smaller and his gut would start to get bigger and bigger. And he would exhibit early signs of palmba with him. And also unfortunately during his career he never really placed highly at any of the pro shows that he competed at. And he would pass away at the age of 44 back in 2013 due to some complications from heart failure. So I thought you guys might enjoy that clip because it's very rare that you find a clip of a bodybuilder measuring their arms and having the measurement actually come out to being over 25 inches. Like I've seen some of the sim-thall guys measure their arms on camera and measure them like 27 or 28 inches. I think I've seen a pro bodybuilder on camera ever measuring their arms with a tape measure on film coming out to 25.5. I mean that's just as ridiculous. I mean it's something that probably not going to see for a very long time. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.

=== FILE: 5 Massive Bodybuilders that Quit Competing [L9TVKOm_Fw4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Next Time The Power. So this video is going to be a countdown of my top five biggest or freakyist bodybuilders that stopped competing. So coming in at number five we have a bodybuilder by the name of Craig Goliath. Now many of you guys might recognize Craig Goliath from Instagram or her social media following. He's very well known for his pictures where he out angles people. So prior to becoming a social media star, he is actually a bodybuilder from 2007 to 2010. His best placing will be a second place finish at the NPC LA Championships and he will play 16th at the NPC USA's in both 2009 and 2010. Now he is one of the bigger bodybuilders on this list, standing 6 clip 3 inches tall and 310 pounds competition weight. So Craig is not competed in about eight years and shows the focus on social media. And currently 253,000 followers on Instagram. So coming in at number four we have a bodybuilder named Trae Brewer. Now during the height of his popularity Trae Brewer was kind of toe to the next big thing. The next Mr. Olympia. This was one of the bigger bodybuilders in the off season coming in at about 355 pounds in his off season condition. He was sponsored by BSN. So a lot of you guys might remember him from being in all the flex magazines and the BSN ads. He really had a lot of momentum in the late 2000s towards about 2010ish. But I think one of the reasons why Trae fell off is because he would cut over a 100 pounds from his off season condition to his stage weight. So as I said he weighed 355 in the off season but his stage weight was about 242 pounds, standing at about 5 foot 11. So I think undergoing a massive cut like that, really hindered him from placing well. He would place fourth at the 2008 NPC Nationals and that's where a lot of people really noticed him for the first time. And the expectation from that point was really set pretty high for him. Then the following year in 2009 at the NPC Nationals he placed eighth and he never turned pro retiring in 2010 to start his personal training business. So this guy is certainly one of those guys that a lot of people expected to not only turn pro but be a major threat in the eye if he'd be and he never did and he kind of retired on before the peak of his career. Now coming in at number three we have probably one of the freakyest and most well known body builders on this list and that would be the late rich Piana. So rich Piana was the winner of the Mr. California competition and a final competitive year as a bodybuilder would be in 2009 where he would win both the Sacramento Pro and the border stage championships, pacing first at both of those shows and as a bodybuilder, standing at a height of six foot one he weighed between 275 and 285 on stage. So not only was rich Piana a massive social media character having over a million followers on both his Instagram and on his YouTube channel. He was also a pretty damn big bodybuilder and a pretty freaky bodybuilder at that retiring in 2009. So he hadn't competed for almost nine years at the time of his death in 2017 at the age of 46 years old. So rest in peace rich Piana. So coming in at number two this is probably the biggest bodybuilder on this list. And that would be Greg Covax having a competitive career that only spanned less than a decade. Greg Covax stood six foot four, 330 pounds in contest condition and over 420 pounds in the off season and he's also known as being the first bodybuilder ever to weigh over 400 pounds. Now Greg Covax is actually the only guy on this list that actually did get his pro-card before retiring from bodybuilding. But his best placing as a pro would be 13th at the 2004 Arnold Classic most of the time he would end up placing dead last at most of the pro shows that he did. So Greg retired from competitive bodybuilding in 2005 to pursue a coaching business and he would pass away in 2013 at the age of 44 years old. So rest in peace, Greg Covax. Now coming in at number one we have not the biggest but probably the most promising of all the bodybuilders on this list and that would be big Victor Richards. He actually went by the nickname of Mr. Big and who can forget in 1994 and Fibo Germany, the post down were Victor Richards chased Dorianates around the stage and basically outpost him outside him outclass him in almost every single pose. Now Victor Richards stood at a height of 5 foot 10 and he was over 310 pounds. I mean it is said that he was offered a pro-card by Joe Weater even though he never officially won a pro-card but Victor Richards never did compete as a pro. He only competed 5 times throughout 1982 and 1992 and he was really at his biggest at that 1994 Fibo guest posing. So he hadn't even competed in 2 years by the time he got to that guest posing in Fibo in story in the 8th. And after winning that Nigerian championships in 1992 which again was not a pro show, we would never see him on a pro stage or any stage ever again. So Victor Richards is one of the guys that everybody thought this guy could be Mr. Olympia. He was like one of the freakyest guys of the 90s but we never saw him on stage. He just went away and he will always probably go down as one of the biggest what ifs in bodybuilding history. What if he had competed as a pro. And what kind of damage could he have done in those early 90s. So let me know what you guys thought of this list in the comment section below. Let me know if there's anybody you would add or subtract from that list. And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And they're trying to empower signing out.

=== FILE: 5 times Arnold went Flexing in Public [MS-c1gE5Ewk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Drive Empower and this video is going to be five times at Arnold Schwarzenegger Turkish shirt off in public and started posing to impress the crowds. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger is best known for pumping iron and obviously being a seven-time mystery Olympia. But on many occasions Arnold enjoyed impressing people offstage just as much as he did onstage. The coming in at number five on our list is going to be Arnold Schwarzenegger walking the streets of Munich, Germany, in nothing but posing trunks. Now in these photos we see a young Arnold Schwarzenegger barely 20 years old in the late 60s. And the reason why he did this is just kind of a promotional stunt to promote a gym that he was currently working at. So he got down to his posing trunks and he went around to various landmarks and Munich such as the train station, construction sites, and crowds would begin to form around him to see who this guy was with this incredible physique. Unlike anything many of them had ever seen before. Now keep in mind these photos are from before Arnold Schwarzenegger, ever one in Mr. Olympia competition. But it was right around the time that he won his first mystery universe title. And again this will be before he would move to the United States with Joe Weater. So he wasn't quite the superstar that he is today at that point. But you can tell that Arnold certainly knew he had a very impressive physique. It takes a certain level of self confidence to be able to walk around in public like he did and hit poses and nothing but his posing trunks, especially in a conservative time back in the late 60s. So coming in the fourth place spot we have Arnold posing at the 1976 Whitney Museum exhibition. So back in 1976 the Whitney Museum decided to hold an exhibition about bodybuilding, where they would judge bodybuilders using a panel of art critics and judge the bodies in an artistic manner. So the goal of this exhibition was actually to raise money for pumping iron. So this was before pumping iron came out and they were having trouble getting funding and trouble getting pumping iron off the ground. So they kind of held this exhibition to see how the general public would react to a bodybuilder what they'd be interested in seeing something like this. And again Arnold was based out in California. And the mecca of bodybuilding was out in California as well on the west coast. I mean the Whitney Museum was in New York so little did they know coming to the whole other side of the country. They had no idea really what to expect in terms of people being a fan of bodybuilding. And what they found out was they would actually sell out of tickets, sell way more tickets they planned on selling. I mean there would be a standing room only event and they made way more money than they ever anticipated making. And this is really the reason why pumping iron got off the ground was a sheer amount of money and interest they made from this particular exhibition. So this was a very big moment in bodybuilding history and an Arnold Schwarzenegger's history as well. So coming in at number seven we have Arnold at the 1977 Con film festival. So in these photos you see Arnold posing with a group of women and there's actually several photos from this event whether they're in color or black and white. These are some of the most well known in well-published photos of Arnold posing shirtless off of a bodybuilding stage. And the primary reason for that was obviously the Con film festival generates a lot of media attention. You have got like Arnold Schwarzenegger big bodybuilder walking around this group of celebrities and posing with a shirt off it really made a big deal. In 1977 this was actually the year that pumping iron was being screened at the Con film festivals. That's why Arnold Schwarzenegger was there. And of course these photographs of a half naked Arnold posing around some very conservatively dressed women are going to generate a pretty big stir in the media. So coming in at number two we have the famous prison scene from pumping iron. So in this particular scene Arnold went to a federal prison in Terminal Island, California. And hit poses for all the prisoners there that actually seemed very appreciative of the fact that Arnold was there and actually very respectful and appreciative of his physique as well. And this was actually one of the only known times in bodybuilding history where a bodybuilder decided to go amongst prisoners and just start hitting poses. So that's why we have this ranked as number two. And coming in the number one spot we have Venice Beach or Muscle Beach, California. AKA the Mecca of Bodybuilding. This is where Joe Weiter had Arnold moved out to when he came to the United States. This is where Arnold would begin his career at the seven-time Mr. Olympia. And this is where we would see the most photos of Arnold shirtless and public specifically training on Venice Beach. There's kind of an outdoor gym there where Arnold and Franco and all the golden Arab bodybuilders were trained. And this would form a massive crowd of people coming to watch these bodybuilders work out in this outdoor gym. And these people would come from all over the world to come see the famous Venice Beach where these giant muscle men would be working out and posing. I think that you could really see nowhere else in the world at that time. So naturally some of the most iconic pictures of Arnold shirtless and public are going to be taken at Venice Beach. I'm of him working out and then just this massive crowd of people behind him just watching and all of this insanely great physique. And of course Venice Beach, it's really where everything started for bodybuilding. So that is the video guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: 50 Years of Bodybuilding [9zrX618CYN8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so today I want to talk about a bodybuilder who I couldn't even call a golden aerobody builder because it competed for over 50 years as a bodybuilder But he started out in the golden era even a little bit before the golden era competing with the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Franco Columbo in the 1960s Mr. Universe competitions so this bodybuilder is named John Citron so John Citron is arguably one of the greatest bodybuilders to come out of the UK and again I want to emphasize the fact that he's been competing for over 50 years starting in 1964 competing in the nabumister universe and the nabumister Britain being his first show ever All the way until as recently as 2005 where he won the nabum master's world championships 50 plus and he also won the nabum european championships in the master's 50 plus division as well placing second at the nabumister universe and the master's division that year also So not only did he compete for over 50 years but he competed and stayed on top for over 50 years Well, never becoming an IFBB pro So this is the reason why a lot of you guys may not have heard of John Citron because the fact that he was never a pro I'm in the IFBB which is the most well known professional bodybuilding organization there is But in nabum he was arguably one of the best bodybuilders to come out of Europe to compete in the nabum organization Now for those of you who don't remember the nabumister universe competition was around far before The first Mr. Olympia competition was ever held so the nabumister universe used to be the most prestigious title You could win in bodybuilding and before the IFBB the nabum was basically it so nabum Was basically the highest tier that you could be as a professional bodybuilder before the IFBB came along So during his 50 year competitive career he won a total of eight missed universe titles two mr world titles and he also holds a British Bench press record And in addition to that he also holds several mr Britain titles So John actually had a really impressive physique during the 1960s in the gold narrow bodybuilding But the amazing thing was the fact that he was able to improve upon that physique as he got older Becoming in my opinion one of the most impressive masters competitors that we've ever saw in the 50 plus division Some of these photos you're looking at right now This guy one of the most conditioned well muscled just overall Jacked 50 plus bodybuilders that you're ever gonna see So if we rewind a little bit back to John's atron's golden era days He was actually a very impressive golden era bodybuilder Not just from the physique standpoint, but from the placing standpoint as well So he was competing in the nab mystery universe before Arnold ever did I mean he's actually competing in the first mystery universe that Arnold ever won in 1967 and John's atron actually won the short division of that mystery universe while Arnold won the amateur division of the 1967 mystery universe and of course John would also compete in the 1968 and Professional nabby universes both of those years Arnold Schwarzenegger also won the title And since John was competing in the short division he would often go head to head with Franco Columbo Beating him in some cases So as we all know Arnold Schwarzenegger would go on to win seven mystery Olympias in the IFB Franco Columbo would go on to win two So who knows what John's atron would have been able to do had he you know migrated over to the IFB and pursued an Olympia title Because he was very very successful in nabba to the point where he was rubbing shoulders with Arnold winning the universe Side by side with Arnold and beating Franco at the universe as well So I just wanted to make a quick video on this guy because I'm sure a lot of you haven't heard of him again because of the IFB thing But in terms of nabba this guy was one of the greatest to ever do it. He had one of the most impressive careers in terms of longevity The number of wins the number of universe wins and just the number of title wins in general I thought the fact that you know he was rubbing shoulders with Schwarzenegger and these guys Back in the 60s Then he would go on a compete for you know 40 more years and still be dominant is as they very very impressive Fact about his physique because you know Arnold will only go on to compete for about a decade more and Franco is well Now, whereas this guy's career extended maybe 30 more years past More Franco and Arnold both stopped So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next rank of power signing out

=== FILE: Akim Williams controversially places 2nd AGAIN？ [7QYuNLQRJdo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I hope you guys are having a great weekend and a great Sunday. So this weekend on Saturday night was the 2018 IFBB Muscle Mayhem Pro. I mean, in this show, you had a couple of big names that we've been seeing compete over the past couple of weeks in the past couple of months here. The winner of this show would be Charles Griffin. Now, I remember going back to the Indie Pro a couple of months ago, I'm in really noticing Charles Griffin for the first time at that show where he took second in a decent lineup at the Indie Pro. Not a great lineup, but a decent lineup. I mean, took second to Steve Cuclough. And I thought he looked very, very impressive in Indie. And this was a guy that wasn't really on my radar before the Indie Pro. But seeing him at that show, I wasn't press by his arms and I wasn't press by his backs specifically. Two of the week points you could say for Charles Griffin would be his legs and his midsection a little bit. He does have a very good front double bicep in my opinion, but I think that's a little bit ruined by the legs. And you know, not really cloudiness, but just kind of a lack of separation in the abs. But overall, I'm a very big fan of Charles Griffin's physique. And I do think he has a very high caliber body builder. And I've said in the past, I think if this guy makes the improvements he needs to make on his legs, makes the improvements he needs to make on that midsection. This is a guy that we're going to see potentially in the top 10 of the Mr. Olympia. Now that being said about the winner, let's talk about some of the other placings here. So we had a couple other guys that have been competing a lot lately. He had a keen Williams who was really the big story of last week coming in a controversial second place to Juan Morello at the Toronto Pro, coming in in Toronto with arguably some of the best conditioning he's ever had on a bodybuilding stage. And third place, he had Max Charles, fourth place, he had Rafael brand out again. I mean, this guy has done a lot of shows lately. I don't know why he's doing so many shows. If he's trying to qualify for the Olympian on points or what he's really trying to do, but Rafael brand out comes in in fourth place in Michael Lockett in fifth. So let's talk a little bit about one and two here. So I spent the morning looking at all the photos here from the muscle mayhem. I was going to make a video last night, but there just really weren't enough high quality photos out for me to really make a valid judgment based on what I saw thus far. In my opinion, the lighting there was a little bit weird. So a lot of the photos that were coming out on cell phone, cell phone, photo and video, cell phone photos. The lighting just really kind of washed the guys out and I couldn't really tell if they were conditioned or not. It was just kind of a strange looking light. Now based on all the photos that I've seen so far, now that I've seen some of the high resolution photos, I do actually agree with a lot of the fan sentiment here that this was a controversial decision. I think this was more controversial than Juan beating a game. I think this was a very controversial decision here. And here's why. With Juan versus a game, I could at least see the argument of, okay, Juan was significantly more conditioned. I mean, that really did give him a little bit of an edge over a game where you could see why Juan won that show. But with this show, based on what I can see, it doesn't really look to me like Charles Griffin was significantly more conditioned than a game. In fact, I think in the back shots, a game almost looks more conditioned than Charles. And then I mentioned earlier how for Charles Griffin, the midsection has been kind of a weak point for him. And I said this about a game in the Toronto Pro video. I thought his midsection was a little bit weak for him. And that's why I didn't see him winning that show. But in this show, however, if you compare him to Charles Griffin, you can actually see a lot of abdominal separation in a game that you can't see with Charles Griffin. That was another thing that kind of confused me about this placing, is even though a game doesn't have the best midsection in this lineup and in these comparisons, he seemed to have a more defined and more separated midsection in a very good V-taper at that. And arguably, the best legs on that stage. Again, another weak point for Charles Griffin, unfortunately, is his leg, so standing up to a guy like a King Williams, is not going to be the strongest comparison from a lower body standpoint. So Charles, if you're watching this, I love you, brother. Much respect for the win. You qualify for the Olympia. So I'm excited to see what you do with the Olympia. But I got to call it like I see it here. I think this is a little bit of a weird decision. And in this instance, I think you could definitely make a much stronger argument for a King winning than you could have made for a King back in Toronto. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think a King Williams was robbed this time around? Or do you think he was robbed for the second time around? Or do you think he was never robbed at all? Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strink the Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Andre the Giant VS Arnold Schwarzenegger [DPYQoieVvls].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So, that's not an interesting comparison video for you guys. It would be a comparison between the professional wrestler Andre the Giant and professional body builder Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now the reason I thought this would be an interesting comparison is because both of them basically hit the peak of their popularity during the same era, the early 80s, late 70s. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger obviously the most well-known body builder in the world, about the 70s and 80s. And Andre the Giant arguably one of the most well-known professional wrestlers in the world throughout the 70s and 80s, maybe alongside Hall Cogon. So Arnold Schwarzenegger's body building career would come to an end in 1980 where he would win his final of seven Mr. Olympia's at the 1980s, and of course, Andre the Giant is probably most well-known for his WrestleMania three appearance versus Hall Cogon in 1987. Now Arnold's film career was pretty much at its peak throughout the late 80s, filming things like Predator, Commando. Of course you have the Terminator and then you have the early Conan the Barbarian movies in the early 80s. So really they were both the pinnacle of human physical specimens, again Arnold being the biggest body builder. And of course Andre the Giant being by far the biggest professional wrestler if not one of the biggest humans of that time period. So, first I'll give you guys a simple size comparison. So the cool thing about this is because they came from the same era, Andre and Arnold were actually friends during that time. So there's a lot of photos that you can actually find of both Arnold and Andre in the same picture where you can get a good size comparison, how much bigger Andre really was than Arnold Schwarzenegger. So, Andre the Giant stood between 7 foot 4 and 7 foot 5 inches tall, weighing in at approximately 550 pounds, or roughly 250 kilograms. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger at his biggest as a competitive body builder in competition condition was roughly 250 pounds, or 113 kilograms, and standing at a height of roughly 6 foot 2, but some people claim he was shorter than that. Obviously today he's no longer 6 foot 2. And in the photos next to Andre he certainly looks to be at least a foot and a half shorter than Andre the Giant. So probably closer to 6 foot, as about how tall Arnold was. So not even half of what Andre the Giant weighed weighing in at 550 pounds, Arnold Schwarzenegger weighing in at 250 at his biggest, and that's not even to take into account that during his film career, Arnold Schwarzenegger had to size down a little bit because they didn't want him to be that big. He was a little bit too big for Hollywood, so he sized down. He was probably closer to 225, 230 during his film career in Hollywood if that. So next I want to compare how strong Arnold was versus how strong Andre the Giant was. Now the thing about this is that we got to remember is that Arnold Schwarzenegger trains specifically for powerlifting. He's competed in powerlifting, he's competed in Olympic weightlifting. And obviously as a competitive bodybuilder, there's a significant amount of weight training that goes into that. Now, Andre the Giant was a different kind of strong. He's just one of those guys that was naturally strong. He obviously was a massive human being at 550 pounds. So there's a lot of natural strength that will be associated with that. But Arnold was training for his strength. So it's important to keep that in mind, and comparing the two of them. So there are two sets of numbers that we can choose to look at here for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now he did compete in powerlifting in his early 20s and late teens. So there are verifiable powerlifting numbers that we can pull up for him when he competed that he actually set in competition. But Arnold also has a list of numbers that he claims were his best lifts in the gym, but not necessarily judged in competition. Now since Andre the Giant never competed in an official powerlifting meet, we're going to take Arnold's gym lifts that he claims were his best. Then Andre the Giant's gym lifts that he claims were their best. Because really neither one of them are verifiable by a judge. So be unfair to do Arnold's best powerlifting meet lifts because Andre doesn't have that same standard to his lifts. So we're going to compare both their gym lifts here. So first let's go ahead and compare the bench press. So Andre the Giant and other wrestlers have verified and testified to this. The Andre the Giant could bench press 455 pounds on an inclined bench for five reps. So there is actually a formula that you can use to calculate what your one rep max should be based on the number of reps that you can get a given weight. If you take 455 for five reps and say that's 85% of his one rep max, then theoretically his flat bench should be 630 pounds for one rep. But if you use 80% in that equation, so assuming 455 pounds is only 80% of what under the Giant can lift, his one rep max will be roughly 700 pounds. So Arnold Schwarzenegger has best gym lift at the bench press was 500 pounds and in a powerlifting meet Arnold Schwarzenegger's best bench press was only 440.9 pounds. So if you do use Arnold's powerlifting number, then Andre would be significantly stronger than Arnold. Because again, Andre benched for 5 reps, 445 pounds, which is 5 pounds heavier than Arnold's best of one rep max at the bench press in a powerlifting meet. Now it's actually never been documentation of Andre the Giant squatting, so of the big three lifts bench press, deadlift and squat, we can really only compare the bench press in the deadlift. So there's only one example that I could find of Andre the Giant performing some kind of deadlift. In this particular deadlift, he essentially has a bar attached to what is claimed to be a 2,000 pound weight. And he does sort of a partial rep of a deadlift and lifts the 2,000 pounds off the ground. So just to give you guys some perspective on that, Arnold Schwarzenegger's best deadlift in a competition was 683.4 pounds. And his best deadlift that he claims in the gym was 710 pounds. So even though it was a partial rep, Andre the Giant still deadlifted or lifted straight off the ground nearly 3 times the most that Arnold could ever deadlift. Now let's say even if it was only a 1,000 pounds, or we want to cut that weight and half because he only lifted a partial rep, he's still lifting 3 to 500 pounds more than Arnold Schwarzenegger. So that's the video guys. I hope you guys found it fascinating. I thought it was a fascinating comparison taking the world's best body builder from that era and arguably the world's biggest human from that era, just comparing them to give you guys some perspective on how big Andre really was. In light of the documentary coming out of Andre the Giant's life, obviously unfortunately Andre the Giant passed away back in 1993. So with that documentary coming out of Kyla to do my own little video on Andre the Giant because I was a big fan of his, he was very entertaining. And he was really just a great wrestler. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next rank of power signing out.

=== FILE: Antoine Vaillant's Comeback [89h1HkP0VqU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I'm going to make a video about Antoine Vyance comeback to the 2018 Toronto Pro. Now we have not seen Antoine on a pro stage since 2013 or he placed 4th keep at the New York pro. I'm going to apparently since then he's been going through some pretty tough times. Some problems with drug addiction and apparently even some homelessness at one point. So on a personal note, I wanted to say, back when I first started watching YouTube videos when I was like 16 or 17, maybe back in like 2011, 2010ish. I was watching Antoine Vyance videos. Back when he was signed with Animal, he was posting all the crazy training videos where he would be blasting heavy metal music. I was a massive fan of Antoine back in the day and I pretty much watched all his stuff. Ever since then he kind of fell off and hasn't really been posting as much on YouTube and now he's kind of made a comeback. He's posting a lot more posing videos, a lot more training, a lot more updates, more so on Instagram than YouTube. But I'm glad to see that he's back because I was a fan of his very early on. Now the thing about Antoine is he actually does have a really good body building physique. He's got really good legs. He's got a pretty good upper body, pretty good back, pretty good arms. But as a professional body builder, he's never really placed as well as he probably should have. And I think according to him, a lot of the reason for that was he wasn't as dedicated to his prep as dedicated to his training as he should be due to some of the partying and the drugs and some of those things that really threw him off his game. So apparently this time he's doing it completely sober. He's really trying to turn himself around. I'm really pursue body building out a hundred percent. So that being said, I'm really excited to see what kind of package Antoine is able to bring to the 2018 Toronto Pro stage. Now based on some of the updates that he's been posting, this guy looks very, very impressive. I mean, he's got a very classic physique, honestly. He's got a really small waist. Again, his legs are just crazy big. And overall based on the update pictures that I've seen, he looks very good. He looks ready for this show. He looks conditioned. He looks like he has his size back. He's looking good. But unfortunately for Antoine, the Toronto Pro is going to be a pretty deep line up this year. For what I've heard, apparently sedimentary millen has even been doing the show. You've got Juan Morel who just took second after New York Pro. I believe Nathan De Ashe has also mentioned he might be doing the show. You've got Rafael Brando. You've got a team Williams in this lineup. So unfortunately for Antoine, it's going to be a pretty deep line up. And it's going to be a really hard show for him to win. So I know a lot of fans of Antoine want to see him come back in win a pro show. But in my opinion, I think anything where Antoine places in the top six of this show will be a victory for Antoine. So I just wanted to mention that. So nobody gets their hopes up too high. And you know, thinks that Antoine's going to come in and win his first pro show during his comeback. Again, I think anything in the top six is going to be a big deal for him in a very good victory. And that's where I want to see him places. Maybe in that fifth or sixth place spot. But again, if you've got a guy like Sedric, a top Olympian, Arnold Classic winner doing the show. You've got to got like Nathan potentially doing the show. This guy won the New York pro. He's won the Frigno Legacy. Now he just won the Cali pro. These guys are going to be really hard guys to beat for a guy that's coming back and it hasn't competed since 2013. So now that I know that Sedric is actually doing this show, I could see Sedric winning this show in all probability. If Nathan does do the show, I could see him taking second, Juan Morell, possibly in third. Maybe Rafael Brando in that fourth place spot. Then that would be where we would have the opportunity for Antoine Vayant to make it into the top six. So I think he could certainly beat some of the other guys there in this lineup. But as far as that top three or four guys goes, he's going to have a very hard time cracking in that top three, which would be amazing if he could. And I really, you know, I'm optimistic for him. I would love to see him do that and that'd be great to see. But in all likelihood, I think we're going to see him somewhere in the top six if he really brings his best at 100%. Then I'm excited to see what he does from that point on if he continues to compete. Continue to try to qualify for the Olympia. Now I mean, that's the exciting thing about this part of the year. This is when all the pro shows is this is like this is the body building competitive season. Everybody is trying to qualify for the Olympia. Everyone's trying to win a pro show. And there are plenty of pro shows out there to do leading up to the Olympia. So if Antoine does well at this show, maybe not win, he might go on to do some of these other smaller shows and he might be able to pick up a win at one of those and qualify for the Olympia. So definitely stay tuned and subscribe to this channel if you have not already because I'm definitely going to be posting contest updates. For as many of the contest coming up as I can, I'm definitely going to be covering Toronto Pro if you guys want to see how Antoine does. So please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and make sure you comment down below how you think Antoine is going to do at the 2018 Toronto Pro. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next track of power signing out.

=== FILE: Arnold Schwarzenegger in the Off Season [OsUuFeBYR4Q].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I thought it'd be an interesting topic for a video to show you guys some photos of Arnold Source Nager in the off season. Now, the reason why I found this to be interesting is because really what today's body but what you see is almost a completely different body builder when you look at these guys in the off season. Some of these guys get so big and so bloated and hold so much water. They don't look anything like the way they look in competition condition. But if you look back at the golden era of body building, you would rarely see any of these guys looking like the guys today in the off season. You would rarely see a photo of Arnold Schwarzenegger fat. You would rarely see a photo of Franco Colombo fat. And that's because they never really were fat. They believed in staying lean year round. They believed in staying in shape year round. And there wasn't really this goal to get massive in the off season. Nowadays, you see guys pushing 300 pounds even over 300 pounds in the off season nowadays. You see guys pushing 330 and according to some people, big, ramen even pushes 350 in the off season. So this attempt to gain size is really pushed the way that the body builders look in the off season today versus how they look back in the day in the golden era. So the reason why you see so many photos of Arnold Schwarzenegger looking amazing is because most of the time he did look amazing. Most of the time he didn't really let his foot off the gas. He was staying on his diet. He was staying on his training. But there are rare few pictures where he was in the off season. He was looking a little bit flat and he was having a little bit more body fat or water weight than he usually would. And I'm not talking about Arnold Schwarzenegger once he got into the movie industry because obviously he downsize significantly once he got into movies. He definitely wasn't paying as much attention to his physique as he was when he was a body builder. And that's because the physique standard for Hollywood was a much different physique standard for the Olympia stage of the mystery universe stage. Or whatever stage you were going to step on in the 1970s. There's certainly a different level of conditioning required to actually compete versus just being a movie. So really the worst photos that you're ever going to find if Arnold has simply photos of him without visible abs. He's always going to look aesthetic. He's always going to have that crazy chest, those crazy arms. But really the worst pictures that you're going to see is maybe Arnold with a flat stomach, not really flat, not even flat. So nothing like the guys today. So again, I just thought this would be an interesting topic for a video because there's just such a vast difference between the offseason back in the golden era and the offseason today. I mean, Arnold pretty much even in the worst shape of his offseason, Arnold definitely had way less body fat, way less water weight than any of the pros today have when they're in the offseason. And I think this is going to be one of the things that we see with this new division in classic physique. And this is one of the reasons why I think it's such a good idea that they have weight divisions and weight limits in classic physique because if they keep these weight limits, it's going to give these guys an incentive to stay lean year around. Because they don't have to do a crazy cut at the end of the year or right before a competition to meet a certain weight limit. So I think it's going to keep these guys relatively lean all year. I think this is what we're going to see from the classic physique guys. No one's going to be playing the size game in the offseason. No one's going to be doing any crazy walking. And you're going to see guys like Breon Ainsley, Chris Bumsted, stay lean year round. And this is going to be something that I think is going to change the game for body building overall as a sport. So let me know in the comment section below about what you guys think about offseason Arnold Schwarzenegger versus some of the body builders in the offseason today. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink and power. Signing out.

=== FILE: Arnold Schwarzenegger is Back!!! [4YoStR2Pjd0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power, so I'm happy to report that Arnold Schwarzenegger is back in the gym and actively training following his open heart surgery back in early April. So at the age of 70 Arnold Schwarzenegger had to undergo open heart surgery to replace an aging pomeonic valve and after which everyone was kind of concerned for him, he hadn't really posted much. He was laying low. And after the surgery, he said he was doing better, but he's still not doing good. So it's very good to see that he's doing well enough now. It's not only up and walking around, but to be in the gym and actively training. So it's very good to see from Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sure that pretty much everybody is relieved to see that he's doing well. He's recovered and he's training because Arnold Schwarzenegger let alone being one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time. He was also a major film star obviously. So he has fans all over the world, millions of fans regardless of whether or not they're in the bodybuilding. They've probably seen some of his movies, so I'm sure all of us not just within the bodybuilding community, but also the fans of all his films and all his other work are very happy to see him recovering and doing well. Because I know as a bodybuilding fan, I certainly wasn't ready to see Arnold Schwarzenegger go. I mean personally, I go to the Arnold Classic in Columbus Ohio every single year. I've been going for about a decade now. And that Arnold Classic that was put on by Arnold Schwarzenegger is really the reason for this channel existing. It's the reason for my interest in bodybuilding is the reason for my interest in covering bodybuilding. It's really the reason why I started making videos in general. So Arnold Schwarzenegger had a big impact on the bodybuilding community and specifically a big impact on this channel. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you're glad to see that Arnold is doing well. And if you want to see more bodybuilding news, bodybuilding coverage and bodybuilding content, make sure you subscribe to this channel. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Arnold Schwarzenegger： The Austrian Oak [VjjGZeBQDbs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick Steppenpire. So in this video we're going to do a complete biography on who some considered to be the greatest bodybuilder of all time Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now as a bodybuilder, Arnold Schwarzenegger was a three-time pro-Mrs. Universe, a seven-time Mr. Olympia. He would go on to become the 30-a-a-a-f Governor of California, a movie star, with a net worth of over $400 million. He would serve as the chair of the president's council of physical fitness and sports from 1993. And he became one of the biggest bodybuilding promoters of all time when he started the Arnold Schwarzenegger Classic in 1989. Which is really the only bodybuilding competition to this day that could rival the title of Mr. Olympia. So Arnold Schwarzenegger was born on July 30, 1947 near Graus Austria. His father was the chief of police there and his father also voluntarily joined the Nazi Party during World War II. Arnold would go on to say later in life that he didn't have an easy childhood and his father was pretty rough on him. And what essentially say that he was abused by his father physically? However, his father would be the one that inspired him to start weight training at the age of 15 when he picked up his first barbell set back in 1960. So if he fast forward to 1965, Arnold Schwarzenegger was forced to serve in the Austrian army. It was just a duty that was required of everybody over the age of 18 at that point in time. Now, also in 1965, Arnold would compete in the junior Mr. Europe competition. And this would be the first bodybuilding competition that he would win. But he would win it at a cost. Because the competing that competition, he actually went AWOL from the military to compete. And then he served a weak and military prison as a result of that. So if he fast forward to Arnold Schwarzenegger's first ever Mr. Universe competition in 1966, this would be the first of three times that Arnold would be defeated on a bodybuilding stage. So in 1966, he was runner up at that Year's Mystery Universe taking second to a bodybuilder by the name of Chat Yorden. Who to this day claims he was a lifetime natural bodybuilder. Now in addition to Chat Yorden as we know, Arnold will go on to be defeated by Frank Xane at the Mystery Universe competition in 1968, and then by Sergio Aliva at the Mr. Alimpia in 1969. So even though Arnold didn't win the 1966 Mr. Universe, this was still a very critical moment for Arnold Schwarzenegger's bodybuilding career. It was at this 1966 Universe competition that Arnold was discovered by a man by the name of Wag Benz. Who was actually a judge at that Year's Mystery Universe. So while a lot of credit goes to Joe Weeder for being in the guy that, quote unquote, discovered Arnold, Wag Benz was really the first guy that noticed the potential that Arnold had at that 1966 Mr. Universe. And invited Arnold to come back to London with him and stay with him and train him for the next Year's Mystery Universe competition in 1967, which Arnold would actually go on to win due to Wag Benz training. And that Universe win would make Arnold the youngest ever at that time to win the Mystery Universe title at the age of 20 years old. So talking about Wag Benz, I want to talk about another guy that really had a major influence on Arnold Schwarzenegger's career and really influenced introducing him to Joe Weeder. So this man's name was Albert Buesek. So we talked earlier about that 1965 Junior Mr. Europe competition that Arnold competed in. So the promoter of that show was a man named Albert Buesek. And Albert Buesek was a personal friend of Joe Weeder. So Albert Buesek took immediate notice of Arnold after that 1965 competition. He took Arnold out to dinner after that show and they talked about his hopes and dreams of moving to America and becoming this big body building star. Then in 1966 Arnold went on to compete in that Mystery Universe competition. And that's where Albert Buesek told Joe Weeder about Arnold after that Universe second place finished. So Albert Buesek was constantly in Joe Weeder's ear telling him about this great guy from Europe. This Arnold Schwarzenegger that had all this potential in body building. And even 1967 went Arnold would win that Mystery Universe. Joe Weeder still hadn't made the offer yet to bring Arnold over to the United States. So after that 1967 Universe went Albert Buesek owned a magazine called the Sport Review magazine. And he would put Arnold on the cover of that magazine and shortly after that, him and Joe Weeder would have a sit down conversation in 1968 in Dusseldorf, Germany discussing the possibility of bringing Arnold over to the United States. So after that sit down, Joe Weeder decided to offer Arnold a paid invitation, a paid trip to the 1968 IFBB Mystery Universe competition, which was held in Miami, Florida. So history will show that Arnold actually lost that 1968 Mystery Universe in Miami, Florida, and he lost it to Frank Zane. But it was that loss actually that got Joe Weeder's attention. Because Arnold came in very big, very full. But the conditioning wasn't quite there. He hadn't really refined himself yet, but Frank Zane obviously is known for coming in very ripped and very shredded. And that's how Frank Zane won. So upon seeing this massive Arnold Schwarzenegger, Joe Weeder decided, okay, if we refine this guy, we show this guy how to get lean and get into his best shape. This guy has some serious potential. So that's actually what caused Joe Weeder to take Arnold under his wing, was seeing him lose the Frank Zane and knowing that Arnold could do so much better. So after that 68 Universe, Joe Weeder offered Arnold his first contract and invited him to come live in California and begin training their goals, Jim Venice, and living in America full time. So after moving to America Arnold would go on to win the 1969 Mystery Universe and also the 1969 Navum Mystery Universe. And then he would go on to compete at the 1969 Mystery Olympia, his Olympia debut, which was held in New York. And as history will show, he took second to Sergio Aliva, who was the reigning Mystery Olympia at that time, but Arnold would come back in 1970 to take the victory. Now the interesting thing about that was also in 1970, he would go to compete at the Mr World Competition, the AAU Mr World. So not an IFPB show. So outside of the IFPB, him and Sergio would go head to head at this Mr World. And he would actually defeat Sergio even for the first time prior to the Mr Olympia. Obviously generating a lot of hype and a lot of excitement going into that 1970 Olympia, that the Olympia Champion had been defeated before the Olympia. So Arnold would come back to New York at the 1970 Mr Olympia and defeat Frank Zane and begin his reign as seven-time Mr Olympia. So the following year in 1971, that would be where Arnold Schwarzenegger was the only competitor at the Mr Olympia. Now 1971 was the year that the IFPB introduced their non-sanction policy in the body building. So the IFPB essentially is the pro-body building organization founded by Joe Weater. Now at that time, there were a couple rival body building federations such as Naba. As I mentioned earlier, there was an IFPB Mystery Universe and a Naba Mystery Universe. So at the time, the Naba Mystery Universe was really one of the highest titles you could win as a body builder. And Joe Weater was really looking to monopolize the IFPB and make it really the only game in town in terms of being the best place to compete. He wanted the Mr Olympia to be the most prized title in body building. So the way he did that was in 1971, he said, okay, if you're an IFPB body builder and you go over and compete in Naba, you're going to be disqualified from competing at my Mr Olympia. So at the 1971 Olympia, Sergio Leva and Franco Colombo were both scheduled to compete, but they were both the Squallified for competing in rival organizations. But interestingly enough, they were both still allowed to guess pose at that 1971 Mr Olympia. So in 1972, Sergio Leva would be allowed back to the Mr Olympia competition. And him and Arnold would go head-to-head for the final time, and Arnold would come out on top winning that show. And Sergio Leva was actually so disgruntled that he took second after the show. He claimed the competition was rigged and he would not return to the Mr Olympia until almost a decade later when Arnold was done competing. So of course Arnold would go on to win the 1973-74 and 75 Mr Olympia. And as many of you know, the 75 Mr Olympia was the Olympia that was documented in the DocuDrama Pumping Iron, which was released in 1977. Now many people think that pumping iron was actually Arnold's first film, but in fact it wasn't. There was a film prior to that 1976 called Stay Hungry, which also starred Jeff Bridges in Arnold Schwarzenegger. It was like a secondary character in that movie, but even before Stay Hungry, Arnold actually did have a movie role in 1969 as Hercules. Now the interesting thing about that Hercules movie role is it was given away as a prize for winning that 1969 Mr Universe. Now even though Arnold's voice was dubbed over for the majority of the movie because of his accent, it was still a major movie role for a young Arnold Schwarzenegger that really propelled his career as a possible film star. So during that 1975 Mr Olympia that was documented in Pumping Iron, during his victory speech after winning that Olympia, Arnold retired from bodybuilding and said he was going to pursue his career in Hollywood. But as we all know Arnold would be back in 1980 to do the 1980 Mr Olympia and get that seventh title controversially mine. So the 1980 Mr Olympia is widely considered to be one of the most controversial bodybuilding decisions in history. I'm due to the fact that Arnold claimed he only trained for eight weeks for this show. And his training for that Olympia actually coincided with his training for his movie role in Conan the Barbarian, which would come out in 1982. Now let's talk about one of the main reasons why this decision was controversial. So after retiring as a bodybuilder in 1975, Arnold would go on to be a promoter of bodybuilding content. Specifically a promoter of the Mr Olympia, which back in the late 70s was actually held in Columbus, Ohio, and Arnold co-promoted the Olympia with his business partner and associate Jim Lorimer. So for the three years prior to his comeback to the Olympia stage as a competitor, Arnold Schwarzenegger was actually one of the promoters of that very same competition. So many people thought to show was then rigged in his favor because obviously being a promoter, he knew pretty much everybody involved with the Mr Olympia. So Arnold would end up winning that 1980 Mr Olympia beating Chris Dickerson who took second and Frank Zane, who was the returning champion from 1979, would take third, Boyer Co and Mike Menser would tie for fourth, and Menser ended up receiving fifth place as a result of that tie, and Mike Menser was arguably the most outspoken of how fix this Olympia was, and one of the most disappointed in that result. He would go on to Boycott the 1981 Mr Olympia, but he was not alone in that decision. Boyer Co and Roger Walker would also Boycott the 1981 Mr Olympia as a result of this show. Now another interesting tip about this 1980 Mr Olympia that speaks to the controversial nature of the result was that CBS actually came to this Olympia and filmed it for television, but after they saw the result, they thought it was so clearly controversial and so clearly rigged for Arnold, they ended up not airing it on TV. And that would be the last Mr Olympia competition ever filmed by an American broadcast television network. So during the 80s that would be Arnold's primary heyday as an action star in Hollywood starring as Conan the barbarian, the Terminator, Commando, here's in Predator, all the major movies that Arnold was in were primarily during the 80s. So fast forward to 1989, that's the year the Arnold Schwarzenegger decided to found the Arnold Sports Festival with the Arnold Classic as we know it today. And the same person that he teamed up with to promote the Olympia back in the late 70s, Jim Lorimer, was the same person he teamed up with to found this Arnold Classic. So back in 1989 Arnold and Jim Lorimer made this decision on a handshake that they would promote to show the Arnold Classic it would be held in Columbus Ohio and has been held there ever since for the past 30 years. And has been one of the most popular and most successful bodybuilding competitions in history further cementing Arnold Schwarzenegger's legacy as one of the greatest and most influential bodybuilders of all time. Now it was one year after that first Arnold Classic that Arnold would begin his career as the chairman of the president's council on physical fitness and that would really begin his career in politics and that would last from 1990 to 1993. Now fast forward 10 years and several more action movies from that point Arnold would become the 38th governor of California. He would serve 2 terms from January 2003 to January 3rd 2011. Now later that year in 2011 I think it was May of that year. Arnold and his wife Maria Schreiber would go through their separation after 25 years of marriage. It was widely publicized on the news that Arnold Schwarzenegger had a child with their housekeeper while he and Maria Schreiber were still married so that was a major moment in Arnold's life. And then most recently in 2018 Arnold Schwarzenegger underwent emergency open heart surgery. And this was because he was born with a bicuspid aortic valve which he had replaced back in 1997. But in March of 2018 he had to undergo emergency open heart surgery to repair that. And now at the age of 70 years old Schwarzenegger is on the road to recovery and he is doing well. So I hope you guys enjoyed that little mini documentary. Please give this video a thumbs up if you want to see more and please subscribe to this channel if you want to see more videos just like this. Thank you guys for watching and the strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Arnold's Adopted Family [RaT6NM74xig].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So you guys seem to really enjoy the video about Arnold Schwarzenegger and his rise to fame and really the early days of Arnold Schwarzenegger before he was famous, the early competitions, the early struggles in his life. So I want to make a video about his kind of adopted family, this family and London that actually took Arnold in when he was very, very young. So back in 1966 Arnold first came to Britain to compete in the Navum Mystery Universe competition that year. So unfortunately in 1966 Arnold Schwarzenegger did not win that Navum Mystery Universe chat, Jordan Beat him in the tall category and then chat Jordan also won the overall at that show. Another note where the name that competed here was Albert Beckles who competed in the medium category but he got sixth place in that competition. So one of the judges at that 1966 Mr. Universe competition was named Wag Bennett. He owned a gym in London at the time and his wife Diane Bennett also lifted weights and was very interested in the sport. So these guys, they noticed Arnold and they noticed that he had a tremendous amount of potential. I mean, they ended up inviting him to stay with them for a couple of years. So even though that Wag Bennett and his wife had six children that they were raising at the time, they invited Arnold Schwarzenegger to stay with them. I mean, Wag would help him train and teach him how to pose but Arnold had to sleep on the couch because obviously there were no available beds because there were six children in the family. So a total of nine people living in that house when they invited Arnold to come live with them. So being a gym owner at the time and being a very accomplished member of the fitness community himself, Wag was actually the very first man in Britain to bench press 500 pounds. He was also an accomplished body builder and he actually met his wife by doing a body building show that was promoted by her father Bob Woehler. So Wag Bennett was a guy very passionate about body building. He saw the potential in Arnold and he realized that he had nobody to stay with and no means to stay in train for that year as Mr. Universe. So he took him in. He taught him how to pose actually and he also devised a training program for him. So very early on in Arnold's day. He was taught how to pose and taught how to train by Wag Bennett. So after Arnold lost that Mr. Universe, titled a chat, you're in Wag Bennett obviously being a judge, new which areas that Arnold needed to work on. So when he devised his training program for Arnold, he focused specifically on bringing up those areas that Arnold was lacking in. So the following year in 1967, Arnold Schwarzenegger would defeat Dennis Tina Rino to win the 1967 NAB a Mr. Universe. And Arnold actually said on record that that 1967 Mr. Universe title was his ticket to America, the land of opportunity where he would become a star and get rich, basically giving credit to Wag Bennett for essentially fixing his physique, giving him a place to live and enabling him to win that 1967 Mr. Universe, which he claimed was his ticket to success. So he definitely attributes a large portion of his success to Wag Bennett helping him out during that time in between the 66 and 67 Mr. Universe competitions. So I thought this would be a very interesting piece of bodybuilding history since Arnold essentially gives credit to Wag Bennett's training for being the reason he won the 1967 Mr. Universe, which then catalyzed him the fame. And thereby enabled him to move to America. So I thought this would be a very interesting topic for a video. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink and power signing out.

=== FILE: Arnold's Stunt Double [UyF-DnVa09s].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So today's topic is going to be pretty interesting for you guys. I think it's pretty interesting at least. So this guy is an actor, a body builder, a stuntman, and a professional strongman. Interestingly enough, this guy has been in more movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger than any other actor for a total of 15 Schwarzenegger films. In many of them serving as a stunt double for Arnold Schwarzenegger, that was his primary role as an actor, was being a stuntman. But as you can see in this photo, here's the photo of Arnold in his prime posing with Fennel Thorson. So their friendship goes way before Arnold was ever in Hollywood. So it really all started back with Conan the barbarian. One of Arnold's first major movies, and obviously in that movie with Arnold, he brought along a lot of his body builder friends, including Franco Colombo. So for that movie, Sven was given his first role by Arnold, and that's where it really all began. And from that point forward, he had appeared in movies such as Commando, running man, predator, total recall, terminator. Just all the major Arnold movies, Sven has some kind of stunt role or some kind of acting role in those movies. Him and Arnold becoming really lifelong friends, and business associates after that first time working together. Now another interesting thing about Sven is he was actually much taller than Arnold's standing about six foot five. This Danish strongman actually won Denmark's strongest man back in 1983, and he also placed him at Europe's strongest man representing Denmark. So as far as body building history goes, there's a couple interesting things involving Sven and Thorson. So he actually started in 1979 the Danish body building Federation, which is now still an existence, as now known as the Danish body building and fitness Federation or the DBFF. And up until recently, you could actually earn an IAPB pro card in this DBFF. But now with the split between the IAPB and the IAPB quote unquote elite pro organization that Raphael Santoha runs for basically all the overseas countries. As far as I know now, the DBFF is not affiliated with R.I.I.I.I.P.B over here, so it's two different things now. So probably one of the biggest blockbuster films or biggest blockbuster roles that Sven had during his acting career would be in the movie Galadier with Russell Crow. Obviously this movie was massive. I made a ton of money, it was one of the biggest movies of all time. So in Gladiator, Sven actually beat Lou Ferigno for the part of that giant Gladiator. If you guys remember the Gladiator with the tiger, his name was Tigris. He was like the biggest Gladiator in the Gladiator circuit, I guess you could call it. He was the big intimidating guy. And that would be Sven Althorsen. It was supposed to be Lou Ferigno, but Sven beat him for that role. And had it been Lou Ferigno. I mean that would have been a pretty impressive role for Lou. So that was a very big victory for Sven Althorsen to get that role because it was obviously a pretty big money making role to win. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and enjoyed some of the photos of Sven and Arnold on set of various Schwarzenegger movies. I thought they were all pretty interesting photos from Arnold in the past. I'm especially post-body building career where you can see his physique starting to downsize a little bit. I'm just some interesting stuff that I found interesting. So I hope you guys found it interesting as well. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: BREAKING NEWS： 2018 Olympia will be judged by the FANS!？ [qHRvK4bh_RU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power with some breaking news for you guys from an early release of the July edition of the Muscle and Fitness Magazine. There's a section in that magazine called the Olympia Insider. There's an article just written that the 2018 Mr. Olympia will have a People's Champion option. This says in this article that the fans will be able to judge each competitor and rank them and the fan scores will count in the official judging decision. I mean, this is revolutionary guys. This changes the whole Mr. Olympia judging process and I think this is an answer to all the social media reaction to last year's Mr. Olympia. All the talk about the bubble guts. All the talk about Phil Heath not deserving to win. I mean, I think this is proof that the powers that be are listening to what people say and do care about the fans opinion. And then it even goes on to say if the judges pick a different winner than the fans, the competitor of the fans chose will also be crowned Mr. Olympia but they'll be crowned the Mr. Olympia People's Champion. This development was made by Jim Manion and of course, Am I President David Pecker. That's the news guys. Please let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Nick time for power signing out.

=== FILE: Banned from World's Strongest Man？ [-koqDcVbbe8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I'm going to make a video where I talked a little bit about Bill Kazmire. And he is a guy who I believe is one of the greatest, if not the greatest world strongest man winners of all time. Now I made a video a couple days ago about Bill Kazmire calling out Tom Plats. For Tom Plats his famous squat video where he squatting 500 plus pounds for over 23 reps. And Bill Kazmire accused Tom Plats of using fake weights. So if you haven't seen that video go ahead and check that out now. But a lot of people are asking who's Bill Kazmire. And I realize a lot of people might not know who Bill Kazmire actually is. A lot of you guys might just be bodybuilding fans or casual fans of the sport and might not be familiar with the strong man scene. Or the strong man winners of World Strongest Man. So I wanted to cover a little bit on Bill Kazmire in this video. So the World Strongest Man competition began back in 1977 and Bill Kazmire would be the third man ever to win the World Strongest Man. The first being Bruce Willham and the second being Don Rhyde Hound. So Bill Kazmire won his first World Strongest Man in 1980. He had won again in 1981 and also 1982. Now this is the interesting thing about Bill Kazmire's World Strongest Man career. So from 1983, 84, 85 and 86, he was actually not allowed to compete because he was, quote, Two dominant of a competitor. He kept winning. At that time he had one more World Strongest Man's and any other person. And the powers that be decided they didn't want to let Bill compete because they wanted to provide the opportunity for somebody new to win. Because Bill Kazmire was just winning by such a large margin. No one else was even coming close. So obviously this was blatantly unfair to Bill Kazmire and you could make an argument that 83, 84, 85, 86. Bill Kazmire could have won all of those years, making him a seven-time World Strongest Man. And as some of you may or may not know, the record for World Strongest Man wins is five. And that record is held by Marius Puginowski. So Bill Kazmire actually was allowed to come back in 1988 where he could play second to John Paul Sigmerson. And then his final World Strongest Man appearance would be in 1989 or he would play his fourth. And from that point forward he would stop competing in the World Strongest Man. Now as far as I know he did still compete in some strongman competitions all the way up until 1992, but from that point forward I don't think he ever did any more strongman, you know, after the early 90s. Now currently he's one of the biggest faces and representatives really up strongman as a sport. I believe he is the announcer for the Arnold Classic Strongman competition. I've met him a couple times at the Arnold Classic actually. Now in addition to being a three-time World Strongest Man, Bill Kazmire actually broke the bench press world record in the raw bench press three times. In 1979 set a new record of 617.3 pounds and 1980 setting a new record of 633.83 pounds. And in 1981 arguably his most impressive record ever, he would bench press 661.4 pounds raw, becoming the first man ever to bench press 300 kilograms. And this was done in an IPF sanctioned meat and without any elbow wrap so completely raw power lifting really impressive lifts by Bill Kazmire. So three time World Strongest Man and three time bench press world record holder. So obviously in addition to strongman he was a competitive power lifter and his best powerlifting total ever. It was 2425 pounds which is 1100 kilograms and that would be totaled with a 925.9 pound squat, a 661.4 pound bench press that I mentioned before and an 837.8 pound deadlift. So I wanted to speak briefly on Kazmire's best lift because Kazmire again it was commenting on Tom Platt squat and a lot of people in the comments section were saying, oh who is Bill Kazmire to comment on Tom Platt squatting Bill Kazmire's never squattered anything impressive. So Bill Kazmire does have a 925.9 pound squat. So I think that is certainly worth mentioning as far as his credibility to talk about Tom Platt's. And if being a three time World Strongest Man winner and three time World record holding power lifter weren't enough he would also go on to become a professional wrestler. And as I mentioned also a sports commentator in a 1981 he would try out for the Green Bay Packers NFL football team. Now during his professional wrestling career he would briefly wrestle for Vince McMahon's WWF in 1986. But the majority of his wrestling fame would come in 1991 where he began wrestling for WCW where arguably his most famous rivalry was with Lex Luger. And if all those things didn't make him manly enough when he wasn't busy being a professional wrestler football player strongman or power lifter he would spend his time working as a balancer or a lumberjack. So Bill Kazmire will forever go down in history is one of the greatest strength athletes of all time and in my personal opinion probably one of the greatest winners of the World Strongest Man competition. Because I believe had he been given the opportunity to compete between 83 and 88. He would have won at least two probably three of those years to at least tie or break the record of five World Strongest Man wins. That is currently held by Marty's Puginowski. And then also combined that with the fact that his margins of victory between first and second were so large. I'm really made him that much more impressive of a World Strongest Man competitor. So if you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Before Phil Heath Beat Dexter Jackson [ohj7O0R04b0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's time to power. It's not an interesting topic for a video. It would be the times that Dexter Jackson was actually able to beat Phil Heath. Now currently Dexter Jackson is one of the top threats to the Mr. Olympia title. He's been placing top three top four for the past several years now. He's been one of the guys that has been really pushing Phil for that win. But keep in mind Dexter Jackson has been around for so long that he's pretty much beaten almost every competitor that he's ever been on stage with. And that includes the current seven-time Mr. Olympia Phil Heath. Now I've said this before, but I'll say it again, even though Dexter Jackson has only one singular Mr. Olympia title and that would be in 2008. I still think he is one of the greatest body builders to ever walk the face of the earth. I'd say that both because he has the record for the most number of I-F-E-B pro show wins. And because of what he's been able to achieve in his late 40s, I don't know if we're ever going to see another body builder replicate what Dexter Jackson has been able to do. Pushing 50 years old, placing as highly as he has at the Olympia consistently over the past couple of years. And also winning the shows that he's been winning over the past couple of years. I think it's one of the most incredible accomplishments of anybody builder. I mean, for that reason I think he's going to go down as one of the greatest, but in this particular video, I want to talk about Phil Heath versus Dexter Jackson because although currently Phil Heath has beat Dexter Jackson every single year that Phil Heath has won the Olympia, that was not always the case. So one of the titles that always seemed to escape Phil Heath was the Arnold Classic Ohio title. This is the title that Phil Heath has never won to this day, although he has competed in the Arnold Ohio multiple times. Now, one specific time he competed there was 2008, and this was probably the closest he would come to winning that title. Now, Phil Heath has actually competed in the Arnold Classic in Ohio three times. In 2007, 2008, in 2010, placing second in both 2008 and 2010 and 2007, that his first Arnold Classic ever placing fifth. Now, in 2010, he placed second to Kai Green. Now, I think Kai Green deserved that win and really did have Phil beat at that show. By the end of 2008, that was the closest year you can make an argument for Phil winning against Dexter Jackson. So I think that was the closest he ever came to winning an Arnold Classic title, and Dexter Jackson was the man that stopped him from doing so. Now, the more interesting one, I would say is the 2008 Olympia, which would come shortly after the 2008 Arnold Classic. Now, keep in mind, this was Phil Heath's debut at the Mr. Olympia. He had never competed in the Olympia ever before. So, in Phil Heath's first Olympia ever, he takes third place. And that would be the year that Dexter Jackson pulled off the upset and beat the reigning Mr. Olympia Jay Cutler to win his first and only Mr. Olympia title. Now, at the following years of Olympia in 2009, Dexter Jackson would defeat Phil Heath yet again, placing third while Phil Heath placed fifth behind Kai Green and Dexter. So, not a good year for Phil Heath at all in 2009. Now, finally, in 2010, Phil Heath would place second to Jay Cutler at the Olympia. Then, of course, the year following as we all know in 2011, that would be Phil Heath's first Mr. Olympia win and from that point forward, Dexter Jackson would not beat him on the Olympia stage ever again and probably never will. So, I just thought this was an interesting little piece of bodybuilding information, because a lot of the fans today, if you look at Phil Heath versus Dexter Jackson, Phil Heath wins pretty much every single time. But I think what a lot of people didn't realize is before Phil Heath's Olympia reign, Dexter Jackson was beating him pretty easily at a lot of these pro shows. And again, that just really speaks to how good a bodybuilder Dexter Jackson really is and how long he's really been around. Beatting guys like Phil Heath, who was a seven-time Mr. Olympia before Phil Heath had ever even competed in the Olympia. So, Dexter Jackson, in my opinion, one of the greatest of all time, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time, I'm power signing out.

=== FILE: Ben Pakulski's Weight Loss Transformation [7CCqQkJOyj0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick on the Power so I don't want to make a video about Ben Pekolsky. Specifically his recent transformation where he seemed to have dropped a significant amount of body weight and muscle mass. And he also appears to be almost completely natural. So Ben Pekolsky as a bodybuilder has done a lot of things that have really impressed me. And this transformation, this recent downsizing, is going to be one of those things. So as a bodybuilder, I remember Ben Pekolsky most for the 2013 and 2012 Arnold classics in Columbus, Ohio. I can remember being backstage as a teenager and seeing Ben Pekolsky back there, backstage pumping up, getting ready to go on stage. And he was just one of the freakyest guys back there. I mean this guy, his delts and his legs were some of the freakyest in this sport of all time and then of course you can't underplay his calves. So 2012 he would actually place fourth at the Arnold classic. Then in 2013 he would bump all the way up to second. And then he would also compete at the 2014 and 2015 Arnold classics. And because I went to all those Arnold classics all of those years, that's the primary thing that I remember Ben Pekolsky for was always being kind of a top guy at the Arnold. And in fact he competed at the Arnold more times than he competed at the Mr. Olympia. Now one of the major criticisms Levy to Genspen Pekolsky was the size of his midsection. At times he did have a distant midsection and he did have a bit of a quote unquote bubble gut. But the impressive thing about Ben, and this is one of the things that impressed me personally was in 2016 when he kind of made a comeback of swords. Having not competed since March of 2015 at the Arnold classic, he would come back in June of 2016 to compete at the Toronto Pro show where he would place fourth. And one month later in July of 2016 he would compete in the Vancouver Pro show and actually pick up the win there. Now that win wasn't the only impressive thing about that comeback. The fact that he came back, he was downsize a little bit in terms of his overall muscle mass. But his waist was significantly smaller and the control of his stomach was significantly noticeably better. To the point where he was almost able to hit a vacuum pose when he was doing his front double bicep and his mandatory poses. So I was very, very impressed by that because he obviously noticed that he had this flaw. He obviously paid attention to that criticism. They came back, worked on it and actually turned it into almost a strong point for him. So during his professional career he did impress me a lot. And I don't think he's ever officially retired from bodybuilding. So as of right now, even though he's much smaller, much more downsize, I don't think he's ever made the announcement that he's done competing. Now my understanding of Ben Pekolsky's recent transformation is this. It was not provoked by any type of health concern or he was not forced to do it. It was something he did out of choice. And that is something that I really respect him for because you guys got to put yourself in his shoes here for a minute. This guy was 280 pounds on stage as a pro bodybuilder. So can you imagine the ego of a guy that walks around at that size on a daily basis? For a guy to be able to shut down his ego and put that aside, leave his ego as a door and say, okay, now I've got a family. I've got a business. I'm not competing. My health is one of the most important things for me. I'm not competing right now. I'm running my business spending time with my family. There's no reason for me to be big anymore. And that's the one thing that I think a lot of guys don't seem to be able to do. That's why a lot of people say stairroids are kind of an addicting thing because once you get on them and you see what your body can look like and you get to that size and you get to that crazy, everybody's looking at you type of physique. It's hard to stop because once you stop, you lose that physique. You lose that muscle mass. You become a different, you know, basically a different body. So the thing that I really respect been for and that I really, you know, I think is a hard thing for him to do as to be able to do that by choice and leave that ego aside and downsize from, you know, this 280 pound guy on stage. Over 300 pounds in the offseason mind you. I don't know what he weighs now, but obviously significantly less than he did. So I want to commend him for this transformation actually. And he's not the only guy that's been doing this recently. Of course, Mark Olobliner of Tiger Fitness has recently downsized significantly. Of course, you have Cali muscle who has recently been downsizing. I think in all of these cases, it's for the best and it's the smart thing to do. I'm in Ben Picozki again, a guy with a family, a guy with a business. He's really setting the bar very high and showing these pro body builders. Here's what you can do when you retire. I mean, you can start a great business. I mean Ben Picozki has the M 140 gym. He has the M 140 training programs that he sells. He's able to spend time with his family and he's able to do all that without being vain enough to try to maintain the muscle that he had as a pro body, but a 300, 280 pound guy offseason or not. So he's showing these a lot of these pro guys that when you retire, you don't have to maintain that crazy size that you had as a pro. You can be smart, you can be a business man, you can make money, you can be healthy, you can spend time with your family and you can do all that while downsizing. And my understanding is while he's not completely natural. I'm a belief he said in a podcast, he was down to a TRT dose or the minimum possible dose of testosterone that you can take. So probably just maintaining his normal testosterone levels. So probably as close to natural as a pro body builder can get. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Ben Pockolski's transformation. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.

=== FILE: Big Ramy 2018 Olympia Prep [c20mV5GqJUo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's Dr. Empower so it is that time of year again. We are about 11 weeks out from the 2018 Mr. Olympia and pretty much anybody competing at the Mr. Olympia. At this point is in the middle of or at some point in their prep for the Mr. Olympia. So as a result of that we have now seen the first picture of Big Rami during his 2018 Olympia prep. Now of course this progress picture just like it does every year has Instagram a buzz with the possibility of Big Rami winning the 2018 Mr. Olympia. As soon as I woke up this morning my inbox on Instagram was full of hundreds of messages of people sending me this photo and asking my opinion on it and if I think this means, you know this is the end of the line for Phil Heath. So if you guys want to take a guess at how Big Rami looked, well he looked big. Just like he does every year and that's why his nickname is Big Rami. Every single year going into the Mr. Olympia, this similar thing happens and I say this time and time again, you know every year about this point there's a photo of Big Rami that gets released where he's looking big. He's always looking big. I mean you can't take that away from him. He's huge. He's the biggest bodybuilder on the Olympia stage by far. The freakyest bodybuilder arguably on the Olympia stage by far and probably one of the biggest bodybuilders we've ever seen. So usually in the off season he looks very big. Usually during his prep, he looks very big. I'm not surprised at all to see him post a picture during his prep for the Olympia where he's looking very big. So what I want to see from Big Rami this year, if he's looking to win the Mr. Olympia, is a different Big Rami during his prep. So if every single year we see photos of Big Rami during his prep looking big and every single year Big Rami doesn't seem to be able to win the Olympia, all of those years that he looks big, something's got to give. So obviously Big Rami doesn't need to get any bigger. He's already big. It's easy for him to be big. But we need to see, his big Rami shredded to the bone 12 weeks out from the Mr. Olympia and still being big at the same time, not just being big. So a big Rami had posted a picture today and he was diced, had cross striations and his quads. He was vascular all over his body. Then I would say, wow, I mean this is a different Big Rami. This is a Big Rami that we're not used to seeing because we've already seen Big Rami looking big. We've already seen offseason Big Rami. What we haven't seen is a Big Rami three months out of the Mr. Olympia. That's already shredded to the bone. Which in my opinion is the main reason why you're not seeing Big Rami win the Mr. Olympia. He can't come in with that level of conditioning that I think he needs to win the Olympia. Obviously like I said, he's the biggest body builder on stage, the freakyest body builder on stage. But he's almost never, well he never has been the most conditioned body builder on stage at the Mr. Olympia. So it is true that starting in 2013, all of Big Rami's Mr. Olympia play things have improved every single year he's competed at the Olympia. In 2013 he was eighth at the Olympia. 2014 he was seventh. 2015 he was fifth. 2016 he was fourth. 2017 he moved up to second. So a lot of people are speculating he's going to move up again this year and he's going to win the Mr. Olympia. But my question to you guys is just because Big Rami moves up in place every year. Does that mean he's bringing a better package every year? Or does that mean the other guys are coming in off each year allowing him to move up? Because honestly, I think like 2015, 2016 Big Rami was pretty much the best Big Rami that we'd ever seen in terms of conditioning and hardness and fullness. And I think from that 2015 to 2016 physique, he hasn't really gotten better since then. I think that was really the pinnacle of Big Rami. So I think he needs to improve upon that 2015, 2016 physique this year at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Because in 2017 something just look off to me about Big Rami. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. I'm sure a lot of you guys are hyped and excited to see Big Rami looking big like he always does. But I'm going to try to be the voice of reason like I always am and not get overly excited because in the past when we've gotten overly excited about Big Rami in the off season, we're almost never getting the result that we want at the Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: Big Ramy Posing Video 8 Weeks Out [YRMYMbV0evs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Fanta Power, checking in with you guys about eight weeks out from the Mr. Olympia, and now in addition to all the leaked photos that we have at Big Rami, we now have an actual full-posing video, front and back inside of what Big Rami is looking like right now at less than eight weeks out from the Olympia. Now one thing that really stands out to me about the recent updates that have been coming out with Big Rami, whether it's a picture or a video, is that this year they're doing it a little bit differently. Every other year, the big talking point about Big Rami seems to be how much he weighs eight weeks out, 10 weeks out, all he's 335, he's 350. And the weight has always been the main focus point of the post, and they're always talking about how big he is and how much he weighs. The one thing I noticed this year is that they're not really doing that at all, but this video, they didn't say how much he weighs in this video. What the photos that we've seen so far this year, they didn't say how much he weighs in those photos. So I think that's actually a good sign because to me that means they've actually realized okay, the fans already know Big Rami is big. We don't need to keep talking about the weight, we don't need to keep talking about how Biggie is. We need to focus on getting Big Rami dialed in, getting him conditioned because that's what the fans need to see. It's not going to be a surprise that Big Rami comes on stage big. It's not going to be a surprise if Big Rami is weighing 315, 320, 330 at 10 weeks out of 8 weeks out. He's done that before. People have already seen that and they need to see something new. So in this video, I think we're seeing something new and I think we're seeing something very good here. This is a, you know, for 8 weeks out, a guy with this much muscle mass, a guy with this kind of frame, this kind of muscle, I think this is the kind of conditioning we need to be seeing at 8 weeks out. So I got to give Big Rami credit here. I think he looks really good for eight weeks out. A couple of things that jumped out to me in particular was the leg separation. The glute ham tie in is already there. Just the separation between the hamstrings and the quads. That's, you know, really a sure sign of conditioning. And in the past on the Olympia stage, I think some of the main points of his body where his conditioning seems to suffer tend to be his lower back in the glute hamstring area. So for the off season, for him to be looking back good in those areas right now, I think that's a very good sign of how he's going to look on the Olympia stage. So I will absolutely give credit where credit is due. I think Big Rami is, I think he's on the mark right now. I think so far, so good. I ate weeks out. This is where he needs to be. But only time will tell us we could closer to the Olympia what happens. His stomach does look a little bit distended here. And that's the thing that could change Big Rami's physique in an instant. Because a guy this big needs to eat a lot of food to maintain that roundness and fullness. So he could look great all the way up until the week of the Olympia. It's all going to be a matter of carving him up properly, feeling him out properly and not blowing out his physique too much to where he has distention. So he could look perfect going all the way up to the Olympia and then they could mess something up the last night. And that's just body building. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Big Rami is looking at less than eight weeks out. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schrein from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Big Ramy VS Markus Ruhl [GfcXv79L46A].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Van the Power. So I thought an interesting video would be a comparison between Marcus Roole and Big Rami. Arguably two of the biggest body builders from each of their respective eras. Marcus Roole obviously being around the late 90s and early 2000s. And Big Rami hitting the scene in 2013 at the New York pro up until present, placing second at this past year's Mr. Olympia. So Marcus Roole and Big Rami, as far as body building history goes, outside of guys that have won the Mr. Olympia, these guys are probably the two biggest body builders that have not won a Mr. Olympia competition. Now Marcus Roole, I think as a body builder, was a lot less successful than Big Rami was. Big Rami has placed very highly at the Olympia, like I said, placing second this past year, and Big Rami has won a number of pro shows. However, I think from a size standpoint, they were actually very comparable body builders. Now a lot of people talk about Big Rami as if he is this like the biggest bodybuilder of all time and there's never been anybody quite as freaky or quite like Big Rami. And I kind of disagree with that because Marcus Roole back in the late 90s, early 2000s, was one of the freakyest body builders, if not the freakyest bodybuilder of all time. In particular, the 2002 Knight of Champions version of Marcus Roole, where Marcus Roole was not only insanely massive, but he was shredded to the bone, probably the most shredded version of Marcus Roole that we had ever seen. And that's one of the things that I think he has in terms of an advantage over Big Rami is because although Big Rami is massive, typically Big Rami is known from a size standpoint for his offseason pictures. When the competition time comes around, we have yet to see a truly shredded to the bone Big Rami. So for this comparison video, I want to compare 2002 Marcus Roole at the Knight of Champions, versus roughly 2015 Big Rami. I think 2015 Big Rami was the year that he brought his physique in the most conditioned condition in my opinion. I think that was the year he really nailed it. So particularly, I'd say the 2015 Arno Classic Brazil, either that or the 2015 Prague Pro. Now, Big Rami did win the Arno Classic Brazil in 2015. And at the Prague Pro, I think he was a little bit more conditioned than he was at the Arno Classic Brazil, but he did not win that show. He was beaten by William Bonac, but he did however manage to beat Dexter Jackson and Sean Roden, whom had both beaten him at the Olympia that same year. So he looks so good in Prague that he was able to move up two playcings because he placed fourth of the Olympia, losing to Dexter Jackson and third and Sean Roden in second. But he was able to beat both of those guys because conditioning had improved so much when he went to Prague. On the other hand, the 2015 Arno Classic Brazil win was arguably one of the biggest wins of his career and he looked very impressive at that show. So I want to compare the 2015 Brazil win and the 2002 night of champions win to really compare the two physique's of Marcus Ruelheim big Rami. Now I would say from a completeness standpoint, from a proportional standpoint and from a judging standpoint, Big Rami would arguably be a better bodybuilder than Marcus Ruelheim they went head to head today. Big Rami has the number one thing that Marcus Ruel was lacking and that was leg size to match the tremendous upper body. But on the other hand, I think from an upper body standpoint, Marcus Ruel had a more freaky and impressive and just jaw dropping upper body compared to Big Rami. Now Big Rami does have the size, there's definitely no doubt about that. But the way that Marcus Ruel displayed that size, I think was a little bit more impressive than Big Ruelheim. And I'm in particular the arms and the chest. I mean, Marcus Ruel, his arms and chest were just absolutely jaw dropping. This guy was amazing. And while Big Rami does have really big arms, a pretty good chest and a really good back, again, I just think that Marcus Ruel had, you know, a more standout upper body development from a freaky standpoint. So I'd have to give the upper body particularly the chest and the arms to Marcus Ruel. But it's the legs and the midsection that are really going to be the main difference between these two guys. Marcus Ruel's number one problem, I would say, is probably the leg size. But the number two problem would be the gut. I mean, on many occasions, Marcus Ruel would compete with a very extended gut. And that's one of the things I got to give Major props to Big Rami for is because he does have this incredible size. But he has yet to come in with almost virtually no gut whatsoever. I mean, he has a very well controlled midsection for a guy of his size. But I think the thing that people don't realize is from a size standpoint, they're actually very, very comparable. So Marcus Ruel stood about five foot nine inches tall while weighing between 285 and 29 neon stage. Some say he was an excess of 330 pounds in the off season. And Big Rami, on the other hand, now this is debatable. Some people will say that Big Rami weighs 300 plus pounds on stage in rip condition. I think at all likelihood Big Rami is probably around 292.95 on stage. I know his trainers in the past have said he's been three, 10 on stage. I just, I really don't see that. But in either case, he's still arguably one of the biggest body builders that ever stepped on the Olympia stage. If he stepped on stage, truly, anywhere close to 300 pounds, even if it was 295, that is a very impressive accomplishment for somebody to be in contests shape. But he is an inch taller than Marcus Ruel. So again, from a size standpoint, I think they're not too far off in competition condition. Because as I mentioned before, one of the main standout points with Big Rami is how freaky he looks in the off season. So every year leading up to the Olympia, he'll put out these progress pictures in the off season. He's like 350 pounds and he looks crazy impressive and crazy big. But then the Olympia will come around and he's not going to look as big as he looks in the off season where his Marcus Ruel looked every bit as freaky on stage as he would in the off season. So he really did deliver the goods on many occasions. And at some of the shows he would do like the grand prize following the Olympia, he would give Ronnie Coleman and Jake Culler a run for their money at some of those shows. And as a bodybuilding fan myself, I've got to say, if we could have a showdown right now, a competition where we had both a prime Marcus Ruel and a prime big Romney going head to head, I think that would be the best selling bodybuilding show in the history of bodybuilding to see those two titans collide on stage, man. That would be just incredible because the thing about these mass monsters is the reason they look so big is because typically there was no one else that matched them from a size standpoint or even looked anything like them during their era. But big Romney and Marcus Ruel, if we had them both in their prime, I think they would be pretty comparable. I think Big Romney would end up winning, but just the fact of two of these guys wing nearly 300 pounds on stage, the freakingness, the level of muscularity, even if Big Romney would win easily. I think it would be just something that people would pay big money to see, just these two massive guys competing head to head on stage. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. If Big Romney and Marcus Ruel both in their prime went head to head, who would you guys have winning that competition? And so please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Bill Kazmaier accuses Tom Platz of Fake Weights [B1g18wFs4ec].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time and power. So I got sent a fascinating topic for a video today. And this is Bill Kazmire, three time world strongest man winner, and possibly one of the greatest winners of the world strongest man of all time. A video of him giving a seminar where he accuses Tom Platt's of using fake weights. Now the fake weight video that we're talking about is Tom Platt squatting 500 plus pounds for over 23 reps But he is wearing a super suit in that video to assist with the squats and I believe back then this was a competition that he did with Dr. Squat aka Fred Hatfield as kind of a competition to see who could squat more And it's interesting because this was done after Tom Platt's bodybuilding prime. This was done around 1993 at the Fibo Expo in Germany. So this was significantly after Tom Platt's peak of his competitive bodybuilding career and significantly after the peak of his strength. So you've got a factor that aspect into the equation and you can see Bill Kazmire actually in the background of that video actually cheering Tom Platt's on. So it's interesting to see that Bill Kazmire after the fact would say he calls bullshit. This is a direct quote from Bill Kazmire. He said I call bullshit. It was fake weights. In the video itself of Tom Platt squatting the quote unquote 500 pounds is actually kind of a weird video because during most of the video they have the weights on either side cropped out and they just claim that it wasn't fact 500 pounds. So I don't really show the weight too much until the end where they do show how many plays aren't he side. But during the entire squatting session they just show basically the center of the bar which is interesting. So do I think the plates were fake and Tom Platt's fake this lift. I'm actually going to say no guys. I disagree with Bill Kazmire here. Tom Platt's is one of the greatest and most legendary squatters of all time both in terms of his depth when he would squat and just the legendary intensity of his squat workouts. Of course the size and shape of his legs speak for themselves. He had arguably the best legs of his era and they would go on to be the best legs for years after his era. In addition to that Tom Platt's is in his early 60s right now and he recently put out a video where he was still squatting 365 pounds for reps again in his 60s. So do I think it was possible for Tom Platt's to squat 500 pounds for 20 something reps wearing a super suit mind you it wasn't a raw squat. Do I think that's possible? Absolutely dude it's Tom Platt's. However I do think this is probably the highest profile and most fascinating case of somebody calling fake weights on somebody else. I mean you've got Tom Platt's. You know the most legendary body builder in terms of leg development of all time is being called you know a faker on one of his squats. By not just anybody but a three time world strongest man and keep in mind Bill Kazmire could have been the greatest world strongest man when of all time. Because for four years after his third win the judges actually didn't allow him to return to the competition because he was too taught he was too dominant and he was winning too much. So they didn't let him compete until I think 1988 they kept him from competing so four years he was out of the game he could have competed all those years and probably won. And then today he would be the you know all time winning just world strongest man winner. But you know the rest is history as far as that's concerned. But I'll play a little clip from the seminar that Bill Kazmire gave where he's talking about Tom Platt's lift. I want to give credit here to massive iron Steve Shaw's channel. That was the linked video that my subscriber sent me when he asked me about this so Steve Shaw's the one that brought up this topic. So go check out his channel if you haven't already and here is the clip of Bill Kazmire talking about Tom Platt's. Go ahead and let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Faker not give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time for power signing out. And you look at the third round and the tenth round and the seventh round and nothing changes. I can't hold shit. Those are Facebook couple of days weeks ago. Everybody commented. I want to go squat. This is the first year. Oh school that was great. Oh shit. I was taking some. Roll wins, make way. I try to know this a lot of the black robbers. I don't think all of them are the time. I would stay in the behind and the office of the 2018 Bradhampton put it all together. I didn't realize that until I saw it years later when the weight is at 10,000 goes. His body hurt the moves. Some teams wrap looks like a toy and then he gets done at 23 sort of calls forward like, yeah, that's what's going to be.

=== FILE: Bodybuilder has Fake Traps？ [F20vj7UEzag].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. So I have BB Pro John Anderson as of course making the rounds on the internet again with these videos that he's been posting recently of his traps. Now I've made a video in the past where I said that I thought John Anderson had some of the freakyest traps in bodybuilding history, but recently some of the videos he's been putting out have been getting a lot of negative attention, especially this video where he's showing his traps from the back here. The reason why is because a lot of people are suggesting that he's using oil in his traps, shoulders and his triceps. And by oil I mean some kind of sight and handsman oil or sinthal or something that's going to enhance the volume eyes, the shape and size of the muscle. And this particular back shot of his traps is the main reason why people are talking about this. Flexes is trapped from the back. There's almost like an extra bump on top of the trap muscle. There's almost a tear drop shaped to the top of his trap. And if you look at the actual anatomy of what the trepysious muscles look like, there is no extra little bump on top like that. That's got to be some sort of enhancement as what people are claiming when they're sending me all these messages about John Anderson's traps. Now for comparison purposes, I'd like to throw up some shots here of Johnny Jackson, who is an IPB pro bodybuilder that I believe has some of the best traps of all time in bodybuilding history. And personally, I don't think Johnny Jackson ever used any type of sight and handsman oil. More anything to volume eyes or enhance the look of his traps other than his crazy heavy power-building style of bodybuilding routine. I think that's the sole reason why he had such big traps. Because those crazy heavy deadlifts, those crazy heavy shrugs. And just putting an extreme amount of stress and weight on those traps to grow them to that size. And when you look at them from the back, you can see a clear difference between the shape of Johnny Jackson's traps and the shape of John Anderson's traps. So I've got to agree with a lot of the people that are sending me this video. I'm saying it looks suspect. I think you get to say it looks suspect for sure to say the least. However, there's one more factor to consider here for many years John Anderson has been a competitive strongman lifting crazy heavy weights and doing a lot of obscure heavy lifts. There is one other strongman who seems to have traps almost exactly like John Anderson's the same shape in the same crazy prominence. And that is a strongman competitor by the name of Constantine, Jan Ashaya. And this is a guy that's been a top competitor in a top finalist at the World Strongest Man competition. So one of the highest level strongman competitors that you can get. And he clearly has insane trap development. Now many people speculate with him also that it's oil, more just enhanced muscle and not actual muscle mass that's making it look like that. But I think two professional strongman having the same crazy shape to their traps. It's at least worth adding to the conversation or adding to the list of options that could this be something that they're doing with their strongman training. That's making their traps look this way. It's at least something to consider. Although oil is probably the more likely suspect here. I think the fact that we have two pro-strongman with this condition, you could call it. Which would be something worth noting here. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. I'm going to leave this video up to you guys. Let me know whether or not you think John Anderson's traps are real or fake. Make sure you let me know in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have the power signing out.

=== FILE: Bodybuilders on Instagram Vs Real Life [bkrGiASFRYw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here in Next Time of Power. So I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder specifically, Carlito XXL, who's kind of an Instagram star right now. And a lot of people are referring to this guy as the most vascular bodybuilder of all time, the freakyest bodybuilder of all time, etc., etc., so Carlito XXL has about 101,000 followers on Instagram. And his primary claim to fame is his seemingly, you know, extreme vascularity, and also seemingly his extreme size. So the specific topic that I wanted to address in this video was kind of Instagram versus reality. I mean the ability of bodybuilders to kind of manipulate the lighting, the angles, the filters. To alter the way their physique actually look in real life, to the point where they look like a completely different person in their pictures, then they will look if you see them on stage or if you see them in person. So this isn't even addressing the possibility of photoshopping the pictures, adding size to the muscle, adding roundness and fullness. This is simply just addressing, you know, the angles, the lighting, and the filters that come with Instagram. The photoshopping is a whole other thing. But honestly, I don't know that Carlito XXL is doing that. It really just looks more so like he's mastering the angles. It's always under perfect lighting, and it's always filtered, you know, to the maximum. So the point to all this is I feel like a lot of people see these Instagram stars, these social media sensations that post these, you know, sensational pictures of their physique, of their physique, so a larger than life, you know, freaker than, you know, any possible real physique. And people think these guys are like God's man, like they have unattainable physique, like they're just on this next level type of, when really all it is, this filters enlightening in the perfect angle. I've said this many times in the comment section of my own pictures. Fitness is 99% good lighting in good angles. You can be a top six Mr. Olympia contender, but if you have a bad photo taken of you in the wrong lighting, you can look soft and flat and almost look like an NPC level body builder, and the reverse is also true. You can be kind of a half decent, you know, NPC body builder, and you can look like Mr. Olympia on Instagram by manipulating your photos to the extent of just making yourself look freaky. So the point here is just don't let yourself be easily deceived. I think a lot of people see these guys on Instagram and they're like, man, how's this guy not even an IFBB pro? How's this guy not Mr. Olympia yet? And the simple reason is, you know, it's all manipulation. Everything is photo manipulation. And what you'll actually see is the best of the best pro body builders, you can tell they don't even put a filter on their picture, they don't sharpen their picture, they don't change the saturation, they don't have to put, you know, a certain side angle to make their arm look bigger, they will pose straightforward from the front, no filters, and they will still look incredible. So that is the mark of a true champion, I'm going to true IFBB pro. And just for comparison purposes throughout this video, I've thrown in, you know, pictures of Carlydo XXL on his Instagram versus pictures of him at his last body building show in the NPC, where he did actually do very well. He has a great physique, there's no doubt about it. I mean, he won the light heavyweight division of the last show that he did, but that being said, even though he has a great NPC physique, his physique doesn't look anywhere near the way that it looks in his Instagram pictures with all these angles lighting and manipulation. So the point there is man, just don't believe the hype. And I'm not even accusing this guy a photo shop or even doing anything wrong. I mean, the majority of the fitness industry is doing this. And that's not to say that he's doing something wrong, but as to say that, you know, we should be aware that a lot of people are doing this. This is the way it is. So when you see these crazy photos and crazy physique on Instagram, you got to keep in mind a large percentage of this is lighting and angles and it's not actually disinsane physique. It's really more mastery of photography than it is mastery of body building, you know, in 2018, that seems to be what it's all about. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Branch Warren Pumping Up Backstage at the Arnold [ehx7Q0wQ-eo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So after my previous video earlier today on Branch, a lot of people were asking to see the full video of him pumping up backstage at the Arnold Classic. So here's the whole video here. I'm a little background information for you guys. Back in the day, the Arnold Classic Columbus Ohio used to be held at a venue called Veterans Memorial. And back then what they would do is they'd have this massive room backstage where they would basically build a gym for all the body builders competing to pump up and lift weights and get their, you know, their veins going and their blood flow and that would be the point of the pump up room. And they would also allow media access. You can see in a lot of these photos, there's photographers and different people you might recognize from the fitness industry. I'm in the background kind of filming and taking pictures. And that's the way this used to be. They used to have like an open, you know, anyone could go back there if you had press credentials. I mean, I've had press credentials since probably, you know, 2009 or 2010. So I used to be able to go backstage. And now what they do is they actually tore down that venue in the new venue. The pump up room is very small and they don't allow any press. That's why you don't really see videos like this anymore because they don't allow anyone back there. Otherwise you'd see, you know, I'd be posting videos every year for you guys. Hopefully one day they'll expand the new venue and add the option for the press to go back there. As you can see in this video, man, branch worn the whole point of this video was I put it in my branch worn video about his best physique ever because really him pumping up backstage. He was the only guy that really stood out to me as having, you know, this crazy vascularity, this crazy conditioning. And I believe the year of this video was either 2011 or 2012. I think it was 2012. But really, man, like I said, you can see all the other guys. They look good. But branch just really stood out as having those crazy veins. He was the most pumped. He was the most full. He was the most vascular. And this was one of the years for me where I think he really looked at his best. So I think this is just a great behind the scenes video that not a lot of people get to do. I mean, not a lot of people had the opportunity to get to go backstage. So it's something I thought you guys might enjoy seeing because really, you know, now no one gets to see it and back then very few people got to see it and I was one of them. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Branch Warren's Best Physique Ever [xdgLHqIjow0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Branch Warn and the year that I feel he brought the best physique to the stage. In particular Branch Warn at the Olympia and the Arnold Classic are going to be the main focus of this video. So recently Branch has kind of stepped away from the competitive side of bodybuilding and has been focusing more on the business side of things and really towards the end of his competitive career. He started to get a lot more hate and a lot more people were saying he didn't have the prettiest physique he was blocky, his conditioning was off. But admittedly towards the end it kind of was. His last Olympia parents will be the 2015 Mr Olympia where he managed to play sixth. But at that 2015 Mr Olympia I think a lot of people including myself feel like that sixth place finish was a little bit of a gift for him. However, that being said I think a lot of people forget how good of a bodybuilder Branch Warn really is and was back in 2009 he was the runner up at the Mr Olympia to Jay Cutler. Now granted back in 2009 the Olympia lineup wasn't nearly as deep as some of the Olympia lineup we've seen in recent years and that's a large part of the reason why Branch plays so highly. But another reason is Branch really did look that good. I mean his conditioning was great, his waist was small, he didn't really look that blocky back in 2009. I mean he's had crazy conditioning, crazy legs, crazy back just that crazy, grainy density and masculinity. And I believe he was certainly deserving of that second place finish at the 2009 Mr Olympia. And keep in mind 2009 was the year that Jay Cutler came in and arguably his very best conditioning ever, his very best shape ever. Most people prefer 2009 Jay Cutler to all other versions of Jay Cutler. So to come in second to that Jay Cutler, I mean that's a very big accomplishment. And then even more impressive the following two years in 2011 and 2012 Branch Warren went back to back Arnold Classic titles. And that would be the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, the second biggest title in bodybuilding. I don't think a lot of people realize how far back Branch Warren's competitive career actually goes. He's been placing within the top 10 at the Mr Olympia since all the way back in 2005. He was first Olympia ever back in 05. He placed eighth. Then his last Olympia ever in 2015, a full decade later, he was in the top 6, placing sixth. So for me personally when we're talking about Branch Warren's best look ever, we're looking at the most condition look, the smallest waste, the least blocky. Muscular but not too muscular where he would look blocky. The vast cooler freaky, the legs are on point, the backs on point. He's not holding too much water and for me that would be a toss up between his 2009 second place finish at the Mr Olympia in the 2011 Arnold Classic. I think in 2009 he wasn't nearly as big as he was towards the end of his career. But because of that his waste was much, much smaller. I think he had a much more aesthetic looking physique about his aesthetic as Branch Warren's physique could be. So then at the 2011 Arnold Classic, I feel like his conditioning was significantly better than he looked at the 2012 Arnold Classic. And I would have this as one of his best looks because it was a significant title win. The Olympia in my opinion, I think he looked a little bit better than he looked at the Arnold, but since he didn't win the Olympia, I would have to throw the 2011 Arnold Classic win in there as one of his best looks because it was one of the biggest titles that he ever wondered his career. And he beat a pretty tough line up in the 2011 Arnold Classic. Now I was actually at that particular year's Arnold Classic in 2011. I remember being backstage watching these guys pump up. And Branch Warren was easily one of the freakyest guys that I had ever seen in person watching him pump up how crazy vascular he was getting on his pumping up. And I remember the other guys were back there, even since the Pawnee pretty big guy backstage Dennis will fit to Martinez. And Dennis will have a big guy that I've ever seen in person just from a sheer standpoint of just this tall massive frame seeing him pump up as well. It was a very impressive thing to see. But seeing Branch Warren, I mean, there was a clear difference up close and personal in the backstage area. When he was pumping up I mean he was on another level as far as conditioning and freakyness and then all these guys. I mean you guys can see the veins and stuff in these pictures and how vascular he was and how shredder he was and how condition he was. But seeing veins like that in person man, it's like, it really doesn't even look human. It just looks insane and Branch Warren, I mean he just looked crazy that year. So 2011 at the Arnold Classic or 2009 at the Mr. Olympia. In my opinion, one of those two years was Branch Warren's best looks. Let me know in the comment section below which of those two years looks you preferred. And let me know what you guys think about Branch Warren in general. I know like I said before he started to fall off a little bit towards the end of his career. That's what I wanted to make this video because he was really one of the freakyest body builders ever. I know he was a shorter guy. I know he didn't have the best form when he was working out. But when this guy came conditioned and this guy came hard and shredded. I mean this guy was one of the freakyest body builders ever man as a vascular as he was. The cross-striations and the size of his legs. I mean Branch was a beast. And I want people to remember this version of Branch Warren when they think about Branch Warren's body building career. So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.

=== FILE: Calum Von Moger NOT HAPPY with Bodybuilding.com [eW_gHLgvbeM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Out of Power. So, Kalimvon Mowger actually put out a video yesterday on Snapchat talking about bodybuilding.com. In the video in particular, it was about bodybuilding.com using his name and his image without his permission to sell this app on the app store. So I'm going to go ahead and play Kalimvon Mowger's video for you guys here and then I'm going to give my analysis. Thanks. I've also got a bone to pick with bodybuilding.com. They're a bunch of stuages. They have released an app and they're using my face and my picture and they're selling it online and stuff. It's a workout app with a six week plan. I did with that two years ago, which was for free on their site and I'm certainly my remember it. Now they're selling it in an app that you have to sign up for and using my face as a face-to-face app. And here's the catch you sign up for your bike and then there's a bunch of other workouts that's nothing there. But I'm even more. So they're just using it to sell me to my face to sell their apps to you guys, which is not cool. I'm working trying to get that removed. But another hand, I have got my app, which is as all my workouts are taken care of the day. I've got this, I'm going to show you a screenshot of the app that bodybuilding.com selling and asking for you to sign up for a six week program that's two years old that I've done it to do. So basically, he says they never asked him for permission and I guess if they did probably wouldn't have given it to him. So I was curious about this. I went on bodybuilding.com's website. You can go to bodybuilding.com slash fun fitness apps and I'll show you all the apps that they have listed on their website. So sure enough, if you keep scrolling and scroll down, they have an app literally called building Von Mowger. So literally the app is titled with his name. So this is definitely a little bit shady here because it says right in the description, build muscle with this six week plan from three time mystery universe, Kalin Von Mowger. Now Kalin said in his video yesterday that he had no involvement with this app. He had nothing to do with putting it together. They did not have his permission to use his name or his image and he certainly not making any money or profiting from it. But as you can see, I actually went ahead and downloaded this app just to see what it was all about. And immediately upon downloading it, the first prompt on the app is to actually spend money to be able to use the app. For the small price of just $8.99 a month, you can sign up and become an all access member to all the fitness programs they have on these bodybuilding.com apps, including this building Von Mowger app. So if this is true, the way Kalin says it is and they're just using his image and using his name without asking him without his permission and without paying him, then this is certainly a pretty messed up situation because they are definitely profiting off his name and using this app. And Kalim's goal is to get this app off of the website at this point in time. It's still definitely on there. So just wanted to make you guys aware of this. If you guys are using or have this app, it's actually not designed by Kalin Von Mowger. The fitness plan in there is not Kalin Von Mowger's plan. They're pretty much ripping you off using his name and image without his approval. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about bodybuilding.com. Using Kalin Von Mowger's image against his will. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, I'm Power signing out.

=== FILE: Can Hadi Choopan Dominate the 212 Olympia？ [BoEAedC1FDA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I'm going to make a video about Hotte Choupans, 212 victory at the Portugal Pro this past weekend. Now this victory was interesting for a couple of reasons. Number one, as far as I knew, due to issues with this visa and then the travel ban that's an effect, I thought it was pretty much a done deal that Hotte Choupans was not going to be able to come to America and compete in the 2018 Olympia in Las Vegas. Last I heard there was just no way for him to be able to do it legally this year. It's not through any fault of his own, it's just because of where he's from. So I think it's kind of an interesting development here that he did in Olympia qualifier show like the Portugal Pro, which did qualify him for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So up until now, I think a lot of people didn't think we were going to see him on the Olympia stage because we've been hearing he's not going to be able to come over to the United States. But now it looks like maybe we will based on some of the comments from his coach, Honny Rambad, after the show. Now, it seems like we might see him on the Olympia stage. I don't know how, but it seems like it might be a possibility, which is exciting to a lot of people because honestly, Hotte looked incredible at this show. I mean, make no mistake about it. This guy did look amazing. This guy is a certain threat to the top six in the 212 division. This guy is a definite threat, I would say, to even the top three at the 212 Olympia. If I were flexed, it was right now. And I just found out that Hotte was competing at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. I would not be excited about it. I would not be very happy to hear that somehow Hotte is going to turn up at the Olympia. Because if Hotte turns up looking like this with this kind of conditioning, that kind of separation in the legs, that's the fullness of the waist, that upper body. I mean, this is a Hotte Japan that is just, you know, this guy is almost unstoppable if he comes in like this at the Olympia. Now, we've seen Hotte in the past that some shows where he didn't look as good and he did have a little bit of midsection distension, but this is not that same Hotte Japan. This is, you know, everybody's been saying it in their YouTube videos about this show, but I agree. I mean, this is the best Hotte Japan we've ever seen. And this close to the Olympia, I would say that's a pretty big deal. I would say we're probably going to see if he does show up to the Olympia again. I don't know how he's going to, but if he does, I would say we're probably going to see a pretty damn good version of Hotte Japan. Now, the other thing that came out of this was he defeated Nicholas Vulliod in the 2012 division to win this show. And a lot of people were saying, they still think Hotte is not able to do the Olympia. So they were saying, why would Hotte do this show and steal that qualification from someone that can go to the Olympia that is allowed to go compete and is able to actually do it. So again, to the best of my knowledge, I thought he wasn't able to do it. That's, you know, the last report that came out due to the travel ban. But it kind of appears that he is going to do it. But even if he wasn't able to, I disagree with the people that say that because Hotte is a pro-body builder. He's got to make money somehow. And if he can't go to the Olympia, he can't make money over there. So he's got to make money competing and winning shows. And to win this show, they give away $4,000 to the winner as well as the Olympia qualification. So if Hotte can't do the Olympia, do I blame him for doing an Olympia qualifier? Absolutely not because again, this isn't Hotte's fault that he can't go to the Olympia. It's due to, you know, these weird travel rules and some weird laws that Trump has put in the place. But absolutely not. I don't think anyone should be mad at Hotte for quote unquote stealing away the qualification if he can't do the Olympia from Nicholas Vulliod. I think Hotte has the right to do as many shows as he wants. And the win as many shows as he wants to make that money if he can't go to the Olympia. Again, it's not his fault. So let me know what you guys think about Hotte's pants for Zeekeer. Do you think he's actually going to turn up at the Mr. Olympia? Because we've been hearing for so long, he's just not able to come compete in the United States. And do you think when he comes the United States, he's going to be able to beat a guy like Flex Lewis. So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Can Phil Heath Break the Olympia Record？ [DMSt4BPMntA].txt ===

Alright, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power us. I wanted to address a question. What if you guys asked me? And that is whether or not I think Phil Heath can match or beat Ronnie Coleman's record of 8 Mr Olympia wins. Now currently Phil Heath is at 7 Mr Olympia wins as of 2017. Going for that 8th win in 2018. So the question is can he tie Coleman's record in 2018 and can he pass Coleman's record in 2019? So first and foremost, that's not just Ronnie Coleman's record. He shares that record with Lee Haney who also won 8 Mr Olympia. So they're tied for that record. So Phil Heath would also be tied for that record if he does win 8. So it'd be a 3 way tie. So that would not make Phil the greatest Mr Olympia ever or anything. He would just be tied with Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney. Now before we get into this video, I want to say we should go into this with an open mind and be unbiased about it. We've got to set our bias aside and just look at Phil Heath as a bodybuilder. Not Phil Heath's personality, not Phil Heath, how he treats his fans, not Phil Heath talking about weekend warriors in classic physique. We need to just set that aside and look at Phil Heath as a bodybuilder as a Mr Olympia champ and evaluate whether or not he can win one more Olympia to match Coleman or two more Olympias to surpass Coleman and Haney. So if anybody has a reason to make a bias video about Phil Heath it would be me. I mean Phil Heath has me blocked on Instagram. He said some pretty negative things about my channel. So I'm going to set that aside and I'm going to go ahead and say yes, I do think that he can win 8 Mr Olympias and tie with Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney. So I'm going to tell you guys why I think that. So number one, you know, you got to give Phil Heath some credit here. Whether you like him or not, whether you like his personality or not, you can't deny Phil Heath had a gut in 2017. I mean, we know he had it. I think Phil knows he had it. I don't think anyone is denying that Phil Heath had a bubble gut. I talked about it in my Mr Olympia video and I think that's probably why Phil Heath blocked me. Even though I said I still thought Phil deserved to win. I didn't think Romney did enough to beat him. I did mention Phil Heath's gut in the video and I'm pretty sure that's the reason why Phil Heath blocked me on Instagram. So the question really isn't who do you want to win the Olympia? The question isn't do you want Phil to win 8? The question is will Phil win and will Phil win 8? So I would ask you guys this. If you guys were betting on the Mr Olympias, say you're betting a large sum of money, or you're betting your life on the 2018 Mr Olympia, who would you bet money on? The seven-time champ Phil Heath or big Romney who has never won a Mr Olympia and has never taken down Phil Heath. Now you can dislike Phil Heath all you want. You can talk about his personality and his gut all you want. But you're betting on the champ. In my opinion, I think if big Romney was going to take down Phil Heath, he would have done it in 2017. If big Romney was ever going to win the Olympia and do so by beating Phil, I think 2017 was the year he was going to do that. And since he did not do that in 2017, I don't think he can do that. That's not to say big Romney won't win the Mr Olympia in the future when Phil Heath has done and retired. But that's to say I don't think big Romney can beat Phil. I just don't think he can do it. He just hasn't brought the pack of Zedineg's to the bring. That's impressive enough to beat Phil Heath. I mean, let's be honest here. Phil Heath basically left the door wide open in 2017. He came in with a gut. A lot of people felt he was significantly off and that the gut really ruined the flow of his physique. But even with that gut, big Romney still couldn't do what it took to beat Phil Heath. So you got to look at the odds here. Let's say we have the exact same Romney and the exact same Phil from 2017 going into 2018. We know what the results are going to be because we already saw it in 2017. We can see an off-Phil Heath beat a good big Romney. Can we see a very good Phil Heath beat and buy anybody. So say Phil Heath fixes the gut. He comes in very good. Comes in at his best. He comes in at 100%. Can Big Romney beat him even if Big Romney is 100% on? I honestly don't think so. I think a 100% Phil Heath with no gut is virtually an unbeatable body builder. I mean, the thing about Big Romney is he's huge. He's big. He's freaky. He's impressive. But the thing about it is there's a lot of things about his physique that are disproportional, like the size of his quads compared to his calves. I mean, he has some areas of his body that yeah, they're super big. But they might be a little bit too big and throw off his physique to an extent. He's not very balanced. And balance and proportion is really Phil Heath's strongest point. Every single body part is balanced. Phil Heath is arguably one of the most complete body builders to ever step on the Olympia stage. And again, if anyone has a reason to dislike Phil Heath is me, but I can't deny the fact that Phil Heath is going to go down as one of the greatest Mr. Olympians of all time, regardless of the gut problem in 2017. I mean, look at his physique from 2011, 2012, Mr. Olympius. There's one of the most impressive Mr. Olympius you're ever going to see on Olympia stage. 2011, 2012, Phil Heath. I mean, forget about it. No one is beating that guy. So besides Big Rami, I don't really see anybody else potentially beating Phil Heath. I think a lot of people want to see William Bonac, Beat Phil Heath. Could he do it? Maybe. But in all likelihood, the odds are heavily against that happening. So again, you've got to go back to the betting thing. Who do you have the odds on? Phil Heath winning another one, or someone else coming out of nowhere in beating him. I would say the only way Big Rami beats Phil Heath in 2018 is that Big Rami comes in 120 percent, shred it to the bone, just freaky beyond belief, and Phil Heath comes in at like 70 percent. And since we've never seen Big Rami really do that against Phil Heath or do that at the Olympia, and we've never seen Phil Heath at like 70 percent. We've seen him pretty low, probably around 80, 85 percent, but we've never seen a horrible Phil Heath, and we've never seen a super stellar Big Rami at the Olympia. So the odds of that happening, I would say so far, pretty bad. And keep in mind, time is definitely on Phil Heath side here. Phil Heath is only 38 years old. So let's say by some Freak anomaly, Big Rami beats Phil Heath in 2018. So so far, I would say the odds of that happening in 2018 are very, very slim. So imagine how slim the odds are of Big Rami doing that two years in a row. I think even if Phil Heath gets beaten in 2018, that might light a fire underneath him that's strong enough to get him to come in in 2019 and come in the best Phil Heath we've ever seen. Phil Heath gets beaten. He's going to want to come back and get that a title. He's not going to want to settle for seven. I think if Phil Heath gets beaten this year or next year, whatever the case may be, I don't think Phil Heath is going to stop competing until he at least gets eight Mr. Olympia. Phil Heath is going to keep going until he gets eight, whether he gets beaten in between there or not, I think we're going to see Phil Heath get eight Olympias for sure. Now I'm going to say the odds are a little bit further of Phil Heath getting nine. Phil Heath getting nine Olympias would make Phil Heath by definition. If he greatest IFB pro body builder in the history of body building and for him to do that, I don't think when he's going for his ninth, the judges are going to be so lenient on him. I think in the past, he had the Champions advantage. The judges are always a little bit more lenient on the returning defending Mr. Olympia. I'm in the champion always has that edge. But I think when Phil Heath is competing for his ninth Mr. Olympia title, he's going to have to be a hundred percent. Because when he gets crowned with that ninth Mr. Olympia title, that will make him the greatest body builder of all time. And the judges aren't going to give that crown to somebody that's coming in off to win their ninth Mr. Olympia. I just don't think that's ever going to happen. Because that's, I mean, that's the biggest deal in the history of the IFB is to win nine Mr. Olympias. So I think when Phil goes for that ninth title, if he does, that will be probably one of the strictest judged Olympias that Phil Heath has ever had to face. So in my opinion, can Phil Heath tie the record? I think yes, will he? I think probably can Phil Heath break the record? I think yes, he can. Will he? I think the odds are a little bit less. But I think in all likelihood, we might see Phil Heath break that record. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. I'm happy, you know, if you disagree with me, feel free to disagree with me in the comments section. If you don't like Phil Heath, I'm more than happy to see your arguments against Phil Heath. I mean, I don't make these videos for everyone to agree with me. This is just my opinion. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time you have power, signing out.

=== FILE: Can William Bonac win the Olympia？ [SwHMUZUvyw4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the power. So with William Bonax recent victory at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, I think the question on a lot of people's minds is can William Bonaq win the Mr. Olympia competition in 2018? I think a big reason why people are so excited about William Bonaq winning a major show like the Arnold Classic is because it really shows a changing of the guard and bodybuilding. And people just tend to get tired of the same guy winning a show over and over and over again. And William Bonaq is a guy that hasn't won a major title like the Arnold Classic yet. He's won the Prague pro I believe. But the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio is the second biggest show in bodybuilding. And typically you have the same guys competing in placing in the top three at the Arnold Classic and or winning the Arnold Classic, Dexter Jackson, for example, five time Arnold Classic champion, Branch Warren, multiple time Arnold Classic champion. Flex Wheeler, Jake Cutler, I mean the list goes on and on. Guys tend to win these big shows that are already at the top that are already placing high at the Olympia, placing high consistently at the Arnold Classic and or winning the Arnold Classic year after year. And William Bonaq is this guy that kind of came out of nowhere really after placing third at the 2017 Olympia at a big ramen and feel heath. He's really made a giant wave in 2017 slash 2018. I mean he's really making a mark on bodybuilding from seemingly out of nowhere. Now admittedly it's pretty easy to overlook William Bonaq due to his height and admittedly I'm one of the people that overlooked him as well. I think I noticed William Bonaq for the first time at that 2016 Prague pro where he beat an amazing lineup of guys including Big Romney, Dexter Jackson, Sean Roden and Rolik Winkler. So just a very incredible lineup and he kind of came out of nowhere and beat those guys. I think at that year's Olympia he didn't beat them at the Olympia but suddenly he beat them at the Prague pro. That's where people started to take notice. So if you rewind a little bit to that 2016 Mr. Olympia, William Bonaq took fifth. So although he wasn't that call out, they weren't really comparing him as hard with one and two as they were in 2017. So I think a lot of people didn't really realize how good William Bonaq was because he tended to be overlooked because of his height until they really put him next to guys like Phil, he even bigger on me, one and two and compared them very very hard. I think at the 2016 Olympia you didn't really get to see Bonaq versus Phil so much as you saw a Bonaq versus Rami in 2016. In 2017, you had William Bonaq next to Phil Heath almost the entire time. And once you saw William Bonaq next to Phil Heath who was the best in the world, you really see that William Bonaq doesn't have that many weaknesses and he stacks up very very well next to Phil Heath and also compares very favorably to a guy like Big Rami who even has what 60 to 70 pounds of muscle on William Bonaq. So that is how good William Bonaq is. He put him next to a guy that outsizes him by miles and he still almost beats that guy. He still compares very favorably and they have him very very close with then striking distance of beating Big Rami who again, 60, 70 pounds heavier than him than they can pair him with Phil Heath who wins with perfect scores consistently the best in the world. And it's also close between him and William Bonaq as well. So could this be the year that we see a changing of the garden body building and could this kind of throw to the side? All the predictions that Big Rami is going to be the guy that the Feets Phil because that's what we've been hearing year after year, Big Rami's coming for Phil, Big Rami's coming for Phil and no one was really talking about William Bonaq. I'm included in that. I didn't really see William Bonaq as the top vet could be a Olympia title because we never really got to see those callouts. We never really got to see him compared with you know one and two. And once we did I think a lot of people said oh shit this guy, this guy's got it. So in my opinion if we see a William Bonaq like the William Bonaq that we saw when the Arnold Classic and we see a Phil Heath like we saw last year at the Olympia with a gut, you know severe abdominal issues and just comes in a little bit off with that gut. I think we're going to see a brand new Olympia champion in William Bonaq. I'm just going to go with you know the trend here and the trend so far has been that Big Rami has not delivered the goods. Big Rami is massive. He's an incredible body builder. He's a game-changing body builder in terms of his overall size. So he has never come in with that crisp clean conditioning at the Olympia when it's really crunch time and when it really matters. So I'm going to go with his past track record and say he's probably not going to bring it in 2018 and if we're going with William Bonaq's track record of kind of exceeding expectations, winning major shows, changing of the guard. I would say William Bonaq would be the favorite to win if anyone decides Phil Heath is the favorite to win. I'd say William Bonaq would be number one on that list to win the Olympia in 2018. Now what is so good about William Bonaq? Again I think a lot of people overlook him because of his height especially when you're there in person. When you're there in person and you're not watching on a screen and you're not looking at photographs and you see William Bonaq standing next to guys like you know, sediment millen. taller guys like Lionel Baiecki, Steve Kuclo, you tend your eye tends to be drawn to the other guys because they're taller and just more noticeable on stage and William Bonaq sometimes gets lost in the mix but he is so good that they have to constantly put him in that mix, put him in that top three call out, compare him to the top two guys and make sure that you see him because when you do you realize this guy is about as complete as you can possibly get. I said this before I'm sure it's sounding redundant but this guy has stacked on every possible pound of muscle onto the short frame that he does have. I think it's incredible what he's been able to do this physique again. This guy came up from the two 12 division. I'm sure a lot of people thought he wouldn't really stand a chance in the open lineup or maybe do well in the open lineup but never be a top three guy at the Olympia and he's certainly shattered that expectation which I think is amazing. So honestly if you would have asked me one year ago, can William Bonaq beat Phil Heath this year? I probably would have said no but seeing what I've seen this past year with Phil Heath coming in with the gut William Bonaq winning the Arnold Classic William Bonaq placing third at the Olympia. I would say William Bonaq has a serious, serious chance to win the Olympia. I would say it's as high as a 50 50 shot. So honestly in 2018 I'm rooting for William Bonaq to win. I'm also rooting for Big Romeo as well. I mean I want to see Big Romeo come in with that crazy Chris condition. I want to see Big Romeo come correct. I would love to see Big Romeo win the Olympia. But again if you look at the trend the pattern is going to show that Big Romeo is probably not going to deliver but again I would love to see him do so. And if William Bonaq did come in with that crazy conditioning, I would say he would probably win the Olympia instead of William Bonaq. But I think in all likelihood if anyone's going to un-crown Phil Heath this year in 2018 William Bonaq is the man to do it. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Can we Reunite Arnold with his Old Training Partner？ [5hnJ21BrSOY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video on a golden Arab body builder, a German body builder, by the name of the useup will cause. I've made a video about useup in the past, but recently I got contacted by a member of teamandro.com. You guys may be familiar with them. They're a contest coverage website. They did a very recent interview with Joseph in German. They actually spent about two hours translating the interview to English for me because they wanted me to make a video about some of the things they talked about in their interview. So before we get started with some of that stuff, I want to give you guys some background on useup will cause. He has a golden Arab body builder competing primarily in the 70s and 80s. You're going to see many, many photos of him with Arnold Schwarzenegger because he was the training partner of Arnold Schwarzenegger back in the 70s. But he competed primarily in the 80s and he was most known for his 80s, Mr. Olympia appearances. Now aside from Dennis Wolf, you could make an argument that useup will cause is the best German body builder of all time, or at least the second best, next to a guy like Dennis Wolf. When he was in the 1979 Mystery Universe competition, then going on to place top 10 at the Mr. Olympia four times, placing sixth in 1981, sixth again in 83, 10th and 82, and then coming back in 84 and moving all the way up to third place at the Mr. Olympia. Now that 84 Olympia appearance was arguably one of his best showings in body building, placing third behind the likes of a legendary Muhammad McCaway. And of course, Lee Haney won the Olympia that year, but in that lineup there were 20 other competitors, or I should say 29 other competitors, one of the deepest lineups of the 80s Olympias. You had guys like some mere Benut Bob Paris, Sergio Aliva who made his comeback, Roy Calendor Tom Plats, Bob Berz on Chris Dickerson, a former Mr. Olympia Tony Pearson boy or co Bill Grant, Robby Robinson, Charles Glass, I mean the list goes on and all those guys that I listed are guys as use of beat in 1984 legendary body builders. So the reason why a team and real reach out to me and I want to give credit to Fabian from teamandroid.com, here he's the one that reached out to me specifically, is because apparently Joseph is running into some financial troubles later. He's not doing very well. Being the legendary bodybuilder that he is, I'm truly sad to see someone like that in that kind of situation. So I'm going to include some pieces of that interview in the rest of this video here. As I mentioned before, Arnold and Joseph were training partners, Arnold Schwarzenegger that is, and in the interview, the interviewer asked Joseph about his time with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Joseph says, My time with Arnold was great. We did work out together, but we also had a lot of fun outside of the gym. Arnold once said to me, my life is like a dream and I hope it never ends. While working out, Arnold was like a locomotive. You just needed to join him. Arnold and I were great friends. Once he allowed me to live in his house for a while, and I even drove his Harley. Franco was also off in there, and we would always drink a glass of wine together. So that's something I actually did not know that him and Arnold had lived together at one point. I knew they were training partners for a very long period of time, and there's a lot of photos of them together. A lot of pretty famous golden arrow photos of them together in the gym and gold's gym Venice. Now the interviewer asked Joseph a very interesting question here towards the end of the interview he said, So Arnold versus Samir Benut versus Lee Haney, all of them at their best, who would win the Mr. Olympia? And Joseph replies, they are three great Olympia champions. I competed against both Haney and Benut back in the days. As I mentioned earlier in this video, the 1984 Mr. Olympia, he took third obviously to Lee Haney. Now I'm so it goes on to say, I would say that of those three Arnold would be the winner. He was the best poser. His twisted back poses were unique and so smooth and flexible. Also his waist was very small for his size and weight. It's important to pose the right way in the comparisons. Samir was also very good, but he would be too small in comparison to Arnold. But I would place him in front of Lee Haney because Samir was the more complete and beautiful physique. Haney had the most mass, but not a small waist. To me, he wasn't that complete, but his legs and his shoulders were brutal, all three are great body builders. So I wanted to end this video with this final question here. So the final question the interviewer asked Joseph after talking about his long and storied friendship with Arnold Schwarzenegger throughout the Golden Arab body building. He asked him, do you still have any contact with Arnold? And Joseph says, unfortunately not, but I would really love to meet him again one day. So the guys over at Team Andro really emphasized that I mentioned this in the video because what we want to do here is we want to reunite these two Golden Arab legends. We want to reunite these two Golden Arab legends. We want to reunite Joseph and Arnold. Now obviously as I mentioned before, Joseph isn't doing too well financially. He's also 70 years old, so he's getting up there in age. So who knows how long he's really going to be around. And one of his dreams is to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger again. And this is a guy that he was friends with back in the Golden Arab body building training partners, friends, they lived together, they drank together. So the hope is that someone who knows Arnold will see this video and share it with Arnold and we can get Arnold somehow in contact with Joseph Wilcoz and reunite these two. So please share this video if you know anybody that knows Arnold Schwarzenegger or if you happen to know Arnold Schwarzenegger yourself, please share this video with Arnold. And let's try to get Joseph reunited with his Golden Arab training partner. Please give this video a thumbs up, share it, comment it. Let's get this done guys. Next time from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Cedric McMillan 12 Weeks Out from Olympia [ojEgeVanzLs].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's time to power. So, Sedritt McMillan, who is a bodybuilder that typically doesn't post very often on social media during the off season. Recently, posted his first contest prep update going into the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So, typically like I said, he doesn't post very often. So, this is a pretty big deal for him to show off this many poses. The front, the side, and the back. This close to the Olympia. Again, at this point we're about three months out from the Mr. Olympia competition. And the last time we saw Sedritt was unfortunately at his disappointing appearance at the 2018 Toronto Pro just a matter of weeks ago. So, of course, the obvious question here was Sedritt, is how is he going to look at the Olympia? Because based on what we saw in Toronto, he did not look very good. He was actually a very disappointing version of Sedritt McMillan. And that's coming from me who's a pretty big fan of Sedritt. I think he's one of the better guys. In the men's open line up, he's certainly one of the more aesthetic guys. Although recently he has been struggling with his midsection a little bit. Now, a lot of people would call it a bubble gut. I would certainly not go as far as to say he has a bubble gut because I don't think he does it all. I think it's really just an issue of getting the midsection condition and holding water in that midsection, which typically tends to be a problem place for Sedritt in terms of when he doesn't come in 100%. The water typically hangs around for him in his abs. And I think that's pretty apparent in these progress pictures here. Because if you look at Sedritt, really everything is dialed in on him in these offseason pictures. Except for his midsection, really, the midsection to me is the only thing that really jumps out as potentially cloudy. That, in the lower back a little bit, I would say would be my two criticisms from a conditioning standpoint of these pictures. But overall he looks good. He looks like Sedritt. And again, the question here is how Sedritt is going to look at the Mr. Olympia. And I think Sedritt knows that as the question after Toronto. And that's why Sedritt posted this, I believe. I think Sedritt is confident in where he's at 12 weeks out from the Olympia. He knows he looks good 12 weeks out from the Olympia. So I'm sure he posted this to shut people up that are criticizing his appearance in Toronto for the lack of conditioning. He's letting people know, here we are, three months out of the Olympia. And I'm already looking damn good. So I think that's why he posted this picture. And I think he does look very good for 12 weeks out of the Mr. Olympia. But only time will tell over the next 12 weeks how that conditioning pans out when it comes to the actual day of the show. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Sedritt is going to do well at this year's Mr. Olympia? And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Cedric McMillan Guest Posing 7 Weeks Out [9K4YwPh7dow].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I've got another guest posing video for you guys. This seems to be pretty popular weekend for the pros competing in the Olympia to do these guest posings, which is really cool for the fans because it gives everybody kind of a preview of the Olympia and it gets people excited. So this particular video, this is Cedricman Millen guest posing at the Sulega Grand Prix which was this past weekend. So obviously we did see Cedric compete in June at the Toronto Pro where he didn't have the best showing his conditioning was significantly off. A lot of people made the comment on that video that he looked like he was in guest posing condition at that show. And shortly after that show Cedric actually said he just did that show to try to raise some money for his charity foundation and it wasn't really a show he was doing to win or qualify for the Olympia. He was doing it for charity. So kind of mixed reactions about that 2018 Toronto pros showing but the general consensus was regardless of why he did it, he didn't look his best. Now I've got to say from a conditioning standpoint in this video at just about seven weeks out, Cedric is looking pretty on the mark compared to a lot of the other guys but the thing got to remember was Cedric. As typically at the Mr. Olympia he does not have the best track record of coming in at 100% nailing that conditioning for the Olympia. Like he seems to be able to do at the Arnold Classic when he won that Arnold Classic back in 2017 he nailed it. His conditioning was 100% on. I'm going to if he had brought that same package to the 2017 Olympia he would have done much better than he did back in 2017. He got ninth a very disappointing showing for Cedric at that Olympia. Now I do want it to be known here that Cedric is one of my favorite body builders out of all the guys. Number one from Fazeak standpoint. He's one of the most aesthetic of the bigger guys that there is and it's posing is just beautiful. Great pose or you can't deny that. But as a person he's a great guy as well. He's one of the few body builders that I met. Before my channel was ever big this was maybe three or three years ago before my channel he had no idea who I was. So I met Cedric at the meat and greet for the Arnold Classic two or three years ago. He was one of the only guys that took time to talk to me for maybe 15 minutes. We were talking about this trophy that he had won and the way that he gave it away to his sponsors. He's talking about how he doesn't keep his trophies because trophies don't mean anything to him. It's about the experience for him and we just had this great conversation and that always stand out to me in my mind that Cedric took the time to talk to each and every single fan. He had the longest line by far at that Arnold Classic and every single fan he took time to talk to him about whatever they wanted. And when I met him that's the one question that I had for him is I had seen on social media somewhere that he had given away this big trophy that he had won. I think it was like the Kevin LeVron Classic trophy. So I asked him about that when I met him and he told me the whole story and he stood there and talked to me for a few minutes. And just overall he just seems like a really great and genuine guy and I want to see him do well. So I'm hoping this conditioning at seven weeks out is a good indicator that Cedric is going to come correct at the 2018 Olympia because I really want to see a guy like Cedric do well. I think he deserves it. I think he puts in the work, the posing, everything about him. I think he just deserves a high Olympia placing and seeing him place 9th last year. I think made a lot of people very disappointed. So far, based on this guest posing, I'm optimistic for how Cedric is going to look at the Olympia. I hope he does well. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Cedric is looking at this grand pre. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Tran from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Charles Dixon posing routine 2018 Indy Pro [0jmhum60FFg].txt ===



=== FILE: Chris Bumstead Guest Posing Condition [MoWoFBH36NI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So recently Chris Bumsted, the second place finisher at the 2017 Classic Psega Limpia, posted a guest posing video from this past weekend through at Obbiad Bodybuilding Show. And this is what I want to talk about in this video, is how good of shape these classic physique guys stay in year round in comparison to perhaps a Pittsburgh pro men's open body but are guest posing where you see these guys. Again, it is the off season. Bc these guys significantly holding water and fat and their physique look incredibly different than they look when they're actually in competitive shape. But the thing that we're starting to see with these classic physique guys is having a weight limit and having to be a more down-sized physique. These guys typically don't get fat at all in the off season. And this is something that I've been seeing for a long time now with Breon Ainsley. Ever since the Olympia he's been doing all kinds of guest posings, he also did the Arnold Classic and won that. But every guest posing that Breon Ainsley goes to, he almost doesn't even look like he's in the off season. He looks like he could step on stage after dieting for like a week. But I've got to say man, I am extremely impressed with Chris Bumsted in particular because looking at this video him honestly, he looks like he could step on stage tomorrow. If he just dropped water overnight he could step on stage tomorrow. I mean this guy looks incredible and keep in mind he's about eight months into his off season. He is deep in the off season. The Olympia was what eight months ago now already. I mean people say classic physique is easier than body building this says not as hard. But to me it takes a real professional and a really strict discipline person to stay in this good of shape year round. Especially a guy as young as Chris Bumsted. I believe he's a couple years younger than me. I'm 25. I think he's like 22 or 23. So it's really cool to see a guy like this treat the sport so professionally. I'm going to stay in that good of shape year round and stay on his diet and stay disciplined. And that's one of the aspects that I think classic physique is a little bit superior to men's open body building from a health standpoint. As you're not going to see a classic physique guy like Chris Bumsted like Breon Ainsley you know try to pack on 50 pounds of size in the off season and have to cut down and drop 40 pounds or 45 pounds and only put on five pounds of stage weight. These guys have a weight limit to me so it's not really a whole lot of room to put your body through that crazy roller coaster up and down of gaining weight and losing weight. They're really trying to stay in shape year round and cut the minimum amount of weight possible to get to that weight category. And this is also why I think it's kind of a big deal when you have a classic physique guy come in with off conditioning like we saw a Steve Lourier at the Pittsburgh pro. Then we saw again with Steve Lourier at the 2012 division at the New York pro because these classic physique guys I think conditioning is a major portion of what they're doing. I think you know they're downsized guys. So because they don't have that extra 20 30 40 pounds of muscle I think the expectation in the bar is set a little bit higher for them in terms of conditioning. It's like okay we know you guys don't have to go through that crazy of a cut down in the off season. So we expect you guys to come correct when you do compete and that conditioning better be flawless. And I'm a huge fan of Breon Ainsley but I got to say man he better watch out because based on what I'm seeing Chris Bumsted is coming for that Olympia title and he's going to be a tough guy to beat for all of these classic physique guys. Regardless of whether it's Breon, Arochra Bar, Wesley Vissers, Steve Lourier all those guys need to watch out because I think you know Chris Bumsted is one of the best classic physique guys in the world and he proved that by placing second at the Olympia. But I think he is like the number one guy to look out for at the 2018 Olympia. This guy is going to be dominant. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Chris Bumstead Training with Breon Ansley and Guest Posing 8 Weeks out [097SsgYbBO8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So this past weekend, you may have seen on Instagram, there were a couple clips and pictures of bringing on actually training with Chris Bumstead at Golds Gym Venice. Now this is kind of a fascinating rare treat for classic physique fans because obviously Chris Bumstead was number two at the Olympic last year and Breonna was number one and a lot of people including myself are expecting Chris Bumstead to take that title this year. So this particular clip that I have right here was sent to me by a fan. They said they wanted to remain anonymous, so I'm not going to give them a shout out here, but the main thing I noticed about this video is that Chris Bumstead seems significantly bigger and more muscular than Breonna Anzley. Now I know there's heightened weight restrictions in classic physique, but I don't remember it being that big of a discrepancy between Breonna and Bumstead on the Olympic a stage last year. So that tells me, I think Bumstead has put on some quality size this year. You know honestly, I don't think he's going to have any trouble making that weight category because we've seen the guest posing videos so far of Bumstead and he looks amazing. I mean his conditionings already dialed in, his conditionings dialed in like back at 11 weeks out. So I don't think Bumstead looks bigger because we're going to see out of shape Bumstead or you know, not good version of Chris Bumstead. I think he's really bringing it this year and I think he's really pushing Breonna. And I think we got to solve chance of seeing a new Mr. Olympia champion in 2018 in the classic physique division. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Chris Bumstead and Breonna Anzley training together in the apparent size difference. Now what I've seen and been told is that Breonna only weighs 180 pounds right now at seven weeks out from the Olympia. So I'm kind of interested to see over the next seven weeks, you know, how much weight Breonna really loses and what his stage weight is actually going to be? 170 175. So only time will tell but we will see in September. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you can power signing out.

=== FILE: Chris Bumstead has already beaten Regan Grimes？ [WabCiJdrTJU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nickstime Apparach. I thought an interesting topic for a video would be Regan Grimes versus Chris Bumstead. Now the reason this is a good topic for a video is obviously Regan Grimes at the 2018 New York Pro jumped in the classic physique division at the last minute and won the classic physique show. So the obvious next question here is if Regan Grimes competes at the Olympia in the classic physique division, how will he do against the guy like Chris Bumstead who was second at the Olympia last year? I mean again a guy like Breon Ainsley who was first at the Olympia last year. Well the interesting thing here is this would not be the first time that Regan Grimes and Chris Bumstead went head to head. Back in 2015 before either Chris or Regan had turned pro. Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes competed against each other in bodybuilding. And this was at the CBFF 2015 Canadian Nationals Bodybuilding Championships. Now obviously the results of this show are going to be a little bit different than what we're going to see at the Olympia because again the Olympia is classic physique and this was a bodybuilding competition. And of course both of these guys were much younger in their physique now are much more developed than they were back then. But from a structure standpoint you can kind of get a feel from these photos on how Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes will look against each other on a classic physique stage. I just don't think a lot of people realize that they had actually gotten head to head before, especially since Regan Grimes had been successful in men's open bodybuilding after he turned pro. And Chris Bumstead was going to classic physique after he turned pro. So no one had really ever thought about this comparison again until now when Regan Grimes is now threat to the classic physique Olympia. But the interesting thing here is even though Regan Grimes became a much bigger bodybuilder than Chris Bumstead competing in the open, Chris Bumstead actually beat Regan Grimes back in 2015. Now it was a somewhat close decision but Chris Bumstead actually beat him pretty decisively with a score of six and Regan Grimes having a score of nine. Now obviously the bodybuilder with the lower score is the winner because the score is based on how many judges vote for you to be in first place. So you add up all those number one votes as where your score comes from. So three points is a pretty good margin from first to second. So a pretty decisive win by Chris Bumstead. Now again even though these are younger versions of Chris Bumstead and Regan Grimes in different versions of their physique obviously both these guys have improved tremendously since then. I think some of the standout points here in this comparison are going to be Chris Bumstead's legs and Chris Bumstead's lats versus Regan Grimes. I think Chris Bumstead even now in classic physique still might have better legs and Regan Grimes and still might have wider lats and a denser back than Regan Grimes. But of course his number one weak point Chris Bumstead is going to be his arms and Regan Grimes actually has pretty good you know biceps. And obviously that's one of the points where we've seen Chris Bumstead lacking is that bicep peak. Although recently in some of the offseason posing videos that we've seen of Bumstead he looks like he's improved his arms tremendously in the offseason. So we don't know how he's going to do. But I think when you see Regan Grimes go up on that Olympia stage a lot of people might think it's going to be an easy win for Regan because he's coming from the men's open division. I actually think Regan is going to have his hands full with a guy like Chris Bumstead even more so than he would a guy like Breon. I think when you see Chris and him go head to head on the classic stage it's going to be a tough battle for Regan to beat a guy like Chris. So I don't think it's going to be an easy win for him by any means. Now I think again if we look back to the 2015 Canadian national I think the number one deciding factor was probably conditioning. I mean Chris Bumstead looked to be significantly more conditioned than Regan at that show. But also from a structure standpoint I kind of prefer Chris Bumstead's structure to Regans. But let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. If Regan competes in the classic physique Olympia, do you think he can or do you think he will beat Chris Bumstead? So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Chris Bumstead making major improvements [es9WYbx3HxU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So a little bit of an interesting update for you guys today regarding classic physique, specifically Chris Bumstedt. So recently Chris Bumstedt did a guest pose and with Flex Lewis and Zain Watson, both of whom are two 12 body builders. And obviously he looked very impressive for an offseason guy at that guest pose. And that's what a lot of people were talking about when they saw the pictures and videos from that particular appearance. Now obviously because Flex and Zain are both to 12 guys, they're obviously going to be significantly shorter than Chris Bumstedt because that's really what the 212 division is. So in that lineup of course Chris Bumstedt looks like the biggest guy because he is the tallest. And the eyes are going to be drawn to him naturally. But the main takeaway from that specific guest posing is how good his conditioning is. I think he's still over 12 weeks out from the Olympia. We've still got like three months to go until the Olympia. So he looks very impressive for a guy that's not even really close to the Olympia yet. But in addition to that earlier today, actually only an hour ago, Chris Bumstedt posted a posing video where he's going through the classic poses. And honestly within that first hour of him posting that video, I've gotten more messages of people sending me that video and asking me my opinion and asking me to make a video about it. Then really any other post in that short of an amount of time. I mean the reason why is because it appears that he's made significant improvements to his physique in this particular video. Now in particular his arms. Chris Bumstedt's arms have kind of historically been a weak point for him. But in this video it looks like he's brought them up significantly. Specifically the peaks of his biceps in the past obviously his bicep peaks aren't the strongest point. You can tell in this video they have you know certainly grown. Now I wouldn't say that his arms are ever really going to be a strong point for him, especially his biceps. But I would say at this point you could no longer say that they're really a weakness for him because they really don't look bad at all anymore. I don't think that ever going to look great is just the way that his peaks are inserted. But he has made a tremendous amount of improvement to him. Now that being said, I also want to talk about how crazy his front lats spread looks in this video. Now I've said this many times before the front lats spread is one of the things that makes classic physique physique physique. If you can't hit a crazy front lats spread where he super you know emphasize your v-taper. You really don't have what it takes to be in classic physique. Classic physique is heavily dependent on you know having those wide lats there's flaring lats that are going to emphasize that v-taper. Emphasize the smallness of your waist and give you that more classic illusion. I've said this before I think Chris Bumstedt has one of the best front lats spreads in the game. Regardless of open body building classic whatever his front last spread is just incredible. And again I just want to mention how good his conditioning is for being you know over 12 weeks out from the mistrolempia. I think certainly Chris Bumstedt is going to be a guy that, Breon and these other top guys are going to have to be worrying about for you know a definite threat to that Olympia title in 2018. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Chris Bumstedt is looking about 12 weeks out. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to empower signing out. Thank you.

=== FILE: Classic Physique 2018 [mM3Y41gboLE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I wanted to talk about classic physique 2018 in this video. I think 2018 is going to be one of the most exciting years for classic physique. I mean, there's so much interest being garnered in classic physique right now. I mean, the Pittsburgh Pro a couple weeks ago, there's a ton of interest, a ton of controversy. Steve Loury is one beating divine little in a second and a lot of people felt that the divine should have beat Steve Loury isn't that Steve Loury was an artist best, but in either case, there was a ton of interest in that classic physique category generated by that controversy. And then of course most recently, yet the New York Pro, which was a very fascinating classic physique competition where you had Reagan Grimes, a former men's open bodybuilder, when his first ever classic physique show, which he jumped in at the very last minute and no one really knew about. So now you have a brand new classic physique possible top threat to the classic physique Olympia. And then of course you have Wesley Visters. He's kind of a social media sensation right now. I mean, he's got a YouTube channel called Vincent's Genetics. He won my 2017 Mr. Goldener competition. He just earned his pro card in classic physique in 2018. And as Pro Day view is actually going to be in July at the Chicago Pro. So we're going to see firsthand how he's going to do in a pro lineup in the IFBB against other top level pros at a major pro show. We're kind of going to get a foreshadowing of how he's going to look at the Mr. Olympia competition. And if he's really as good as I think he is, and as a lot of other people think he is as well. And then of course you have Breon Ainsley and Chris Bumstead. I mean, these are two guys. One and two at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. Chris Bumstead, a very young guy, a couple of years younger than me actually. And he seems to be doing nothing but improving and impressing the hell out of me because honestly, Chris Bumstead, that guest posing video that he posted a couple days ago for a guest posing and an offseason guy who is deep in the offseason by the way. He's about eight months into his offseason and he looks like he could step on stage tomorrow. Now, Chris Bumstead just never ceases to impress me. I think this is a guy, man. He's going to be a top threat to the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So I think a lot of people are going to be watching just for that aspect alone just to see if Chris Bumstead can take the title. He's got a lot of fans. There's a lot of people that think he should have won last year. Then of course you got a lot of fans for Breon and a lot of people who think Breon deserved the win last year. So that's going to be a good head-to-head rivalry right there to see that again. But you also have these wild cards in the mix. You got Steve Lourous. Now some people might think I don't like Steve Lourous because a little bit hard on him at the Pittsburgh Pro. I said his conditioning wasn't good, which I honestly believe it wasn't. And I said you could have made an argument for divine wheels and beating him, which I honestly believe you could. I don't think Steve Lourous came in at his best at the Pittsburgh Pro. I think on Instagram and pictures and videos with filters and perfect lighting, he looks like the next Mr. Olympia. He certainly does. There's no argument about it. But it's a different story when he gets on stage and he doesn't look as good as he looked on Instagram. It's kind of disappointing. I mean, for that reason, I was a little bit hard on him. I think he could have looked better. I think a lot of people would agree with me on that statement. Then I think Steve Lourous made what I think was kind of a big mistake. He competed in the 2012 division at the New York Pro and he placed 14th at that show. So not even in the top 10, but 14th, which was two places away from placing dead last. So I think he would have been much better off just guess posing at that show or just not competing or not stepping on stage at all. Because he had tremendous momentum. After winning that Pittsburgh Pro, he had tremendous hype. Everybody was talking about him. He just wanted to pro debut. Major pro show. Then he goes and does the New York pro and has a very, very disappointing showing. Now I'm not saying that they hate on the guy. I honestly feel his conditioning was very off. It looks like he tried to carb up to compete from a size standpoint with some of these two 12 guys. And the carving up really just resulted in a watery, blurry, not very well conditioned look for Steve. However, that being said, I think when Steve dials it in with the structure that Steve has, the shape that Steve has, the lines that Steve has. The waist that Steve has. If he can nail that conditioning, get a little bit more comfortable on stage. Again, the Pittsburgh Pro was his first pro show ever. So I'm not knocking the guy on that. But he didn't seem to be very enthusiastic. He didn't seem to be very comfortable on stage. His posing was a little bit off. His conditioning was off. But with the genetics that he has and the physique structure that he has, if he can nail all of those things, this guy is undoubtedly a threat to the Mr. Olympia top six in classic physique. And undoubtedly in my mind, a threat to that title. But again, that's with the caveat that he is able to nail those things. We don't know that yet. He could be another big ramen. A guy that has all this social media hype. He looks great on Instagram. He looks freaky on Instagram. He looks like the next Mr. Olympia on Instagram. He just looks unbeatable. But then he gets on stage and it's kind of a different story. So hopefully that's not the case with Steve Loury's. And we see incredible things from him in the future. And I really do wish him the best. And then you have the wild card of Regan Grimes. This is guy we have no idea how he's going to do at the Olympia. This was a guy that was a high level men's open body building competitor that made a last minute decision to drop down to classic physique. So once this guy really gets a feel for classic physique and really gets himself to a comfortable point in the offseason where it's not too hard for him to make weight in classic physique. I think we're going to see a whole new side of Regan Grimes where he can perfect this physique to a point where he can really shine in classic physique. I mean, this was kind of an unpolished, unpracticed version of Regan Grimes competing in classic. So we don't know how he's going to look. If he focuses only on classic. I mean, for all we know, he was prepping for men's open body building at the New York pro. He wasn't really preparing for classic. So how good will Regan Grimes look with his great structure, his great genetics when he actually focuses on building a physique for the classic division. We could see an incredible Regan Grimes that could potentially be a top six or even Mr. Olympia winner. I think that is certainly a possibility from Regan. And then you have the other wild card here of Wesley Visitors. We're going to see firsthand how he does at the Chicago pro and maybe he blows the competition away. And now we got another guy that could be a tremendous threat to the Mr. Olympia. I think honestly, if Wesley is able to bring up his legs and bring up his back a little bit, Wesley is going to be a crazy guy to compete against in the classic physique division. So I really want to see this division do well. I really want to see it succeed. I really want to see these promoters give more prize money to this division because right now what I'm seeing in the comment section, what I'm seeing on social media, what I'm seeing in terms of views and numbers is classic physique is taking off. It is insanely popular. And I think right now the prize money is just not reflective of that at all. I believe Breon Ainsley, who won the 2018 Arnold Classic Classic physique division, only got five grand for winning the second biggest classic physique pro show in the world. So I really want to use this channel as a vehicle to promote classic physique, generate hype and interest for classic physique and showcase these guys that I think have tremendous talent, tremendous physique. I think it's really starting to scare a lot of the men's open guys. You've seen remarks from guys like Phil Heath, calling them weekend warriors and other people have shared a similar sentiment. And I think honestly, they're just feeling a little bit threatened because their division might be a clip in popularity by classic physique because it is becoming so popular. So if you guys support classic physique and you want to see it do well, please make sure you give this video a thumbs up, make sure you share this video with your friends. Let's try to get all the fans of bodybuilding kind of on board with this classic physique movement because I really want to see this division do well. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please leave a comment and a like. Nick Strengthen Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Cody Montgomery Competes in 212 [NxbPiAsJseg].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So this weekend is the Toronto Pro Super Show Bodybuilding Competition. And right now, pre-judging is going on for all the divisions. So far, men's open bodybuilding has not yet gone on stage. But we have seen the pre-judging for the 212 Bodybuilding Division. And the surprise of this show was actually Cody Montgomery. I'm actually made his protebute as a men's open bodybuilder. Then we hadn't really seen him for a while since he competed in the Arnold Classic back a couple of years ago now. I think it was 2016. And now he's come back at this Toronto Pro and made a new debut as a 212 Bodybuilder. And I got to say he honestly does look incredible. So in this call-out right here, clearly the top 2 is going to be between Zayne Watson, who was on the right hand side of the stage. And Cody Montgomery, who was on the left hand side of the stage. And I think Cody Montgomery actually looks phenomenal as a 212 competitor. A lot of people thought he shouldn't drop down. A lot of people said he should try to put on the size and stay in men's open bodybuilding. Personally, I think 212 was actually a very good fit for him. I thought he said something about doing classic physique. But I guess he's not going to do that. I think 212 was probably a better fit for Cody because honestly, the conditioning that he has and the amount of muscle that he has, I think, looks to be about just right for that 212 division. And this is really saying something because Zayne Watson, who is next to him in this comparison, is one of the most conditioned guys that I've seen in the 212 in a while. So Zayne Watson is incredibly conditioned. But Cody Montgomery by comparison, I think almost looks even more conditioned than Zayne Watson in his 212 debut. So I think this is going to be an incredible showing from Cody. Honestly, I'm a big fan of Zayne Watson, but looking at this comparison, I would actually have Cody winning this 212 division versus Zayne Watson. I think he has a slightly better structure and emphasis on slightly than Zayne Watson. And I think his conditioning has lines. Everything just looked to be a tad bit sharper than Zayne. So if I were judging the show, I would have Cody Montgomery actually winning this 212 division. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Cody Montgomery's 212 debut at the 2018 Toronto Pro. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make sure you stay tuned throughout the day because we are still awaiting the men's open pre-judging and of course the finals later tonight. I mean in that division, you've got Antoine Vyant making his comeback. You've got Cedric McMillan. You've got Juan Morell. I think you have Nathan De Asheb, but we will see. And of course you have Rafael Brando, a team Williams. And a lot of other big name guys and Cedric McMillan was a last minute entry in this show. So it's going to be very interesting to see if he can pull off a win with this last minute entry. So make sure you guys stay tuned for the rest of the day. Give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, a power signing out.

=== FILE: Cody Montgomery takes 12th place in Dallas？？ [DmgZhukux1g].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's front in Paris. I want to talk about the results of the 2018 Dallas Europa, specifically the 2012 division. There was no open body building division at the 2018 Dallas Europa. So we're going to specifically talk about the 2012 competitors and the results. Now specifically, I think the main surprise of this Dallas Europa show would be Cody Montgomery's placing in this show. Now Cody Montgomery is a guy that dropped down from men's open body building to compete in 2012. And as 2012, they view as at the Toronto Pro a couple weeks ago where he went head to head against Zain Watson, who ended up winning the show and Cody Montgomery took second. So that was not a bad show for Cody Montgomery. For his pro debut in a brand new division that he never competed in before, I think second place was not too shabby at a pro show. But that's what I want to talk about in this video here, just a couple weeks later, Cody Montgomery moves down from second place all the way down to 12th place in this Dallas Europa lineup, arguably a less competitive lineup than the Toronto Pro. So the real question here is what happened to Cody Montgomery? How did his physique change to such an extent in a couple of weeks that he would drop 10 play things? I mean, honestly, I think Cody has a very good physique. I think he's got very good lines. I think, you know, at Toronto, his conditioning was pretty good, but this show, I think the conditioning certainly slack a little bit. And for me, that's got to be honestly, it could only be one of the only things that could have changed in two weeks. We'll just be the level of conditioning. I don't think he looked horrible here. I think his conditioning just slipped. I actually think he does have a pretty decent structure for division like the two 12. I mean, Cody isn't the tallest guy, but he's also not the biggest guy in two 12s. I think that works against him as well. He just doesn't have the same muscle mass as some of these other two 12 competitors. I think this may have been a case of, you know, Cody wasn't planning on doing this show at all. And he was planning on winning in Toronto. And he won in Toronto. He would have qualified for the Olympia. But since he took second, he didn't get that Olympia qualification. So maybe he had the jump in this show at the last minute, a completely unplanned show to try to get that Olympia qualification or something he wasn't planning on doing. That's the only thing in my mind that I can really figure on that would make his conditioning that much significantly worse. I mean, maybe after Toronto, he took a break. He had his cheat meals. And then he thought about it and he realized he wanted to qualify for the Olympia. He had to do another show. And I'm going to pick this show kind of randomly. Whatever the reason for the placing, I think it is kind of a very big deal to Cody Montgomery. I mean, this could be something where Cody even considers no longer doing to 12. I mean, that's got to be a giant slap in the face to get a 12 place placing after placing second, where you know, in Toronto, you know he thought he should have won that show. So dropping that many placing has got to be a severe, you know, confidence, destroyer to the point where he might even consider no longer doing this to 12. Because I mean, what's the point if you're not going to go in and dominate, which I'm sure he thought he would. But I mean, dropping down from men's open, I'm sure he thought he was going to be one of the bigger guys in the class, one of the better guys in the class. And not have too many problems doing well in to 12. I think, you know, a 12 place placing. Honestly, you know, one of the smaller and less important pro shows. I mean, no hate on the Europa. I mean, but this is no Arnold class. This is no New York pro. This is no Toronto pro. This is no Olympia. This is one of the smaller shows. There's not even a men's open body building class. And to take 12 here, I think is a major setback for Cody Montgomery. And I want to briefly mention here the guy that won. So his name was Ali Hondrow Cabernero. And this guy had an insane physique man. It's a physique unlike any other that I've ever seen. I mean, the V tape for this guy had the flaring latch from the front. The smallness of his waist. I mean, it almost doesn't even look real. I mean, this guy has an insane V tape or two of his physique, especially from the front. It's just crazy. And for me, this guy came out of nowhere. I had never heard of the guy. Maybe something you guys have heard of him. But I personally had never heard of him. So he came out of nowhere and won the show. Also, in some of those top spots, we had Craig Richardson taking second Jacob Wilson, who you might remember from the indie pro taking third. And you also have Sylvia Samuel, who you might remember from the indie pro taking that fourth place spot. John, Jewett and fifth and Bola, O. Jax and sixth. So again, a lot of those names in the top six might not even be familiar to your guys. And that just goes to show. It wasn't that big of a two-twelfth show. There weren't that many big names at this show. So it kind of sucks for Cody. So let me know what you guys think about how Cody Montgomery looked at this 2018 Dallas Europa. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Thanks for having a power signing out.

=== FILE: Conditioning doesn't matter anymore？ [2Jkx1mQGaNE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So in this video I wanted to address the topic of body building today, modern body building, is the standard for conditioning starting to slip. And for some of my international fans, I get this question a lot. What this conditioning mean, conditioning is how lean the body builder is, how ripped or shredded, how visible their lines and cuts are in their muscle, how much or how little body fat they have or water they have, mostly just how sharp and shredded they look as what conditioning means. And recently from 2017 to 2018, there's been a lot of controversy regarding the level of conditioning, especially if some of the winners of some major body building shows. In particular, it kind of started with the 2017 Mr. Olympia. A lot of people were upset about the fact that Phil Heath won that show, having a gut and being significantly off for Phil Heath, his conditioning wasn't as good as it usually is. I mean, his midsection obviously, watery, bloated and had a very visible gut on stage. So that kind of began the, you know, the really scrutiny on the conditioning of the body builders and in modern times. And then recently, this 2018 body building season, this is basically the Olympia qualification series where all the pro shows are pretty much every week of body builders trying to win a show or get enough points to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. Obviously, the biggest of which was the New York pro a couple weeks ago. I mean, the focus of a lot of people's criticism was the conditioning of all the guys. And the New York pro line up saying they were all pretty much lacking in conditioning. I'll be it. I think the lighting definitely played a factor in these guys looking off. But you had guys in the top six of that show, not to call anybody out or single anybody out maliciously, but John Delorosa, placing fifth at the New York pro, arguably the third biggest show in body building. And John Delorosa to me looked like he was in offseason condition. I mean, his conditioning was, it was pretty bad. I mean, he had the guys at one, one Morelle Nathan De Asha while their conditioning wasn't bad. There were some good points brought up comparing the night of champions, which used to be the New York pro back in the 90s, the conditioning level of the winners of the show back then compared to the conditioning now. And it's certainly night and day. I mean, these guys weren't nearly as condition as the guys were back in the day. I mean, it was certainly noticeable. There was a little bit of blurringness to their physique, a little bit of water. I'm just kind of a film, if you will, of a lack of conditioning on some of these guys in the top six. And then, of course, a couple weeks prior to that, you had the Pittsburgh pro. And the Pittsburgh pro, they didn't have men's open body building, but they did have classic physique. And you had the winner of that show, Steve Lourius, aka Mr. Prophe, controversially winning that show, because his conditioning was noticeably off in the guy that took second, divine Wilson, his conditioning was considerably better in my opinion, in the opinion of many body building fans, to Steve Lourius. I mean, Steve Lourius looked flat, he's his conditioning. He just kind of had that same blurry film of water on him, where he just didn't look sharp. And then again, Steve Lourius would come back to the New York pro a week or so later, and competing the two 12 divisioners, conditioning was just way off. I mean, way off the mark. And this is a guy that a lot of people regarding as, you know, the savior of classic physique, this guy's going to be the next classic physique, Mr. Olympia. And he comes into this two 12 show, looking, you know, worse than offseason conditions. And then of course, you had the Cali pro a couple weeks after the New York pro, Nathan DeAchul would win that as well as the New York pro. And I don't think the conditioning at the Cali pro was as bad as the New York pro. I think a lot of these guys really came in top shape, Raphael Brande, Nathan DeAchul. Sosso Roddy, all the guys in the top three and top six, they really came correct in my opinion that the Cali pro wasn't so much an issue of conditioning. But then fast forward to this past weekend, the Toronto pro. We're a sedimentary millen who is a perennial fan favorite. I mean, who doesn't love Cedric, when Cedric comes in 100%. I mean, this guy's one of the best body builders of all time. Classic physique, still got a crazy amount of muscle, nice V-taper, small ways, great symmetry, great proportion, all around great bodybuilder. But he came into this Toronto pro looking like he was in offseason condition. I mean, I hate to say it. I love Cedric just as much of the next guy. But Cedric looked like he had barely prepared at all for this Toronto pro and he came in a very disappointing conditioning. A lot of people thought he was going to win the show and clearly he did not. So again, the question really is why are these guys not coming in condition? And has the standard for conditioning dropped and is that the reason why they're not trying as hard to be conditioned? Do they know or do they think the judges are looking mostly at size and muscularity. And conditioning is kind of an afterthought to that. So the goal is to come in big and full and then if they happen to be conditioned, that's great. Is that the reason why these guys are coming in off at a lot of these shows? And that seems to be the case. Because a lot of these shows, they're rewarding guys that are coming in off. But they're coming in big and full and they still place well. Now, in Cedric's case, that obviously did not happen because the judges are used to seeing a much better Cedric. They've seen an Arnold Classic winning Cedric. They've seen a top Olympian Cedric. So in Cedric comes in off, he doesn't get rewarded. But bigger guys, an example here would be big ramen. I mean, big ramen is a guy that he's got such freaky size. But he almost never never comes in with crazy conditioning. Almost never. Especially at the Olympia. Honestly, I think in 2017, I don't know if big ramen deserved that second place finish. I think William Bonac could have beat him at the Olympia because, you know, big ramen is conditioning just wasn't that great. It's never really that great. But again, I think he got rewarded with that second place spot because he did have that size. He did have that fullness. He just did have that crazy overall muscularity that the judges seem to be rewarding. So this is why guys like me and a lot of fans of the sport seem to really love this classic physique division because the emphasis seems to be mostly on conditioning. These guys are weight restricted by how tall they are. And the goal of that weight restriction is to prevent these guys from getting too big to where they can't come in with condition. These guys almost have to come in condition because they struggle to make these weight limits. So when people get all excited about classic physique and people will rag on it and say, you know, we want to see the big mass monsters, we want to see the freaks. This is why we're getting excited about it because I think it's honestly going to bring about a change in the sport. This weight restriction again is almost requiring guys to come in crazy condition. And then if you combine that with the idea of classic poses, classic presentation, symmetry, focus on conditioning and shape and structure. And basically throwing the idea of who's the most muscular guy out of the window. It's basically who is the most well-presented guy. Who's the most conditioned guy. Who has the best flow lines and structure of their physique. And that's what bodybuilding really was in the 70s and 80s. There were no real mass monsters back then. And that's why a lot of people say that Dorian Yates ushered in the era of the mass monster because he was really one of the first guys to have that type of physique. Before that, it was about aesthetics and posing and presentation. And that's why you had a smaller guy like Frank Xing and win three Olympias against guys that were much bigger than him. So conditioning and bodybuilding, I think the standard has fallen. I think a lot of guys now are coming in looking almost offseason. Some of these guys that make these appearances, I would say they would have, you know, they should have just guessed pose at the show. They shouldn't have even competed or stepped on stage looking how they looked. And I know that might sound harsh. But I think it does so much worse for their career, for their reputation. To go on stage looking like that, then they just not go on stage at all. Is it really worth that top six placing if you look, you know, like garbage? Again, I'll go back to this devlorious example. There was absolutely no reason from the even competing at 212 division. I don't know why he did it. He didn't look good. He came in 14th place out of 16 guys I believe. So almost dead last. Absolutely no reason from the even compete. It did nothing but hurt his career. He could have skipped that show. And he could have been riding high on that Pittsburgh pro win all the way to the Olympia and no one would have batted an eye. No one needed him to compete at that New York pro. He didn't need to do it. But he did it anyway. And I think it definitely hurt his public perception. Now, Senator Macmillan again, I think is another example of this. I believe Senator because already qualified for the Mr. Olympia. He does not need to compete or win a pro show to qualify for the 2018 Olympia. So he could have skipped this show, never done it. And no one would have, you know, no one would have batted an eye. But now he's done it. And he's shown that his conditioning was very lacking. I think that hurts his, you know, momentum going into the Mr. Olympia. I think a lot of fans are going to write him off now. So it did nothing but bad for his perception. And a lot of people will comment my videos and say, Nick, you're always really hard on big Romney. It doesn't seem like you're a fan. Of course, I'm a fan of big Romney. I mean, he's one of the biggest body builders of all time. Most impressive from a muscle mass standpoint. But I'm not going to sit here. I'm in praise, big Romney. When he comes in with conditioning, that's just subpar. He, you can't come in and just expect to be the biggest guy and win just because you're the biggest guy. So when big Romney comes in with crazy conditioning at the Olympia and he deserves to win, then I'll praise big Romney. But if big Romney continues to come in flat, continues to come in watery, continues to come in soft. I'm not going to say, wow, big Romney's incredible. He deserves to win because we already know big Romney's big. He's genetically big. He's going to be big. He's always going to come in big. That's not a problem for big Romney. The challenge for big Romney is the common condition. So when he does that, that's what all praise big Romney. Big Romney keeps coming in just big, but not conditioned. Why would I praise big Romney for that big Romney always comes in big? So do you see what I'm saying here? I'm certainly not a hater, big Romney. I think he's got a crazy physique that I'm not going to, you know, write as dick. So I just wanted to kind of address the conditioning thing in a video because I do see that comment from time to time when you're talking about a bigger body builder. That's known for being a bigger body builder and they always come in big. People always get a couple comments here and there. Oh, why do you hate this guy? Why are you hating on this guy? And that's the logic behind is because this guy, it's easy for him to come in big. Whether it be big Romney, a king Williams. Even Ronnie Coleman towards the end of his career out as last couple of limpias that he didn't win, he still came in huge. I mean, he came in really big, but the conditioning is what let him down. So my mentality is never praise a big body builder just for coming in big because it's a, their pro body builders. There, you know, they're going to have crazy muscle master going to come in big. The challenges can these guys come in conditioned and lately it seems like a lot of them are struggling with that. So I think if a lot of people turn their focus towards classic physique and say, okay, this is the new standard and a lot of people stop saying, in praising these guys for being big, they're going to realize, you know, conditioning is the most important thing and I'm not going to be able to be the way which is coming in big because people don't care about that anymore. I'm so that's the main point that I want to stress is I think the mentality is shifting for a lot of reasons. Number one, I think is health. I think a lot of these guys are looking for a healthier way to be pro body builders and classic physique offers that option. You can, you don't have to get his big. It's not going to put as much stress on your body. You don't have to take as many or as much drugs, eat as much food. Train this heavy, put as much stress on your body as an open body builder that weighs, you know, 300 plus pounds in the off season. Then you've got to cut down a tremendous amount of weight. These guys in classic, they mostly walk around year round at a pretty lean body weight because they have to make this weight class. So there's no crazy fluctuation with these classic physique guys like there are men's open body builders. You see some of these guys, big ramen included, getting up to weights like 350 pounds in the off season, then they have to shed 50 pounds to make it to the stage. So not only are they carrying this crazy amount of body weight, then they have to go back down and lose a crazy amount of body weight. Then for the next off season, they'll do the same thing and walk back up. And this roller coaster of up and down weight is horrible for the body. So number one, I think the mentality is shifting because of health. Classic physique is the clearly healthier option. And number two, it's the bigger guys that tend to have these severe health problems in die. I mean, look at Dallas Macarver, one of the biggest body builders of this generation, 300 plus pound guy in the off season. I think he was 280s or 290s on stage. And then of course, he had rich piano. The guy that did a video series literally called Bigger by the day, where he was trying to get up to 330 pounds, I believe. So I think those two deaths definitely dramatically impacted the body building community as a whole and the way they looked at these bigger guys. I think number two, it's just not becoming attainable or aesthetic or pretty to look at. People are starting to say, okay, we've seen enough giant guys. We know it can be done. But can these guys get conditioned? We don't want to see just big guy after big guy coming in with a gut, coming in with bad conditioning. We've seen enough of that. We want to see some guys that are shredded to the bone. And we're not seeing that. We're repeatedly getting these soft guys, these watery guys, these bubble guts over and over and over again. And people want to see something different. They want to see a sharp physique. They want to see a conditioned, lean shredded physique. They want to see lines. They want to see striations. They don't want to see just a big ball, just a big sponge ball. But on the other side of that, do I want to see big ramen coming crazy shredded? Hell yes, I want to see big ramen coming crazy shredded. Are you kidding me? It's not that I don't like a guy that has crazy big muscle mass. Instead, I don't like a guy that has crazy big muscle mass. That thinks he doesn't have to die at or come in condition. Hell yeah, I want to see big ramen coming in shredded. Hell yeah, I want to see what a guy that weighs 350 pounds in the off season. Looks like shredded to the bone. Hell yeah, I want to see that. So a little bit longer video today. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. And make sure you guys let me know in the comment section below. What you guys think about this, the standard of conditioning and body building in 2018. What you guys think about this classic physique division in the impact that it's going to have on the standard of conditioning, on the mindset towards body building. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Next strength and power, signing out.

=== FILE: Dallas McCarver Tribute [6BVJ-26n_Hw].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I wanted to make kind of a tribute video to Dallas and the carver. As we all know, Dallas and the carver recently passed away in 2017. But I wanted to make kind of a tribute video going over some of his playsings. I'm talking about some of the things that he was able to achieve during the short bodybuilding career that he had. I'm in early his transformation because his bodybuilding career was so short. But he was able to transform his physique to such an extent. It's one of the most impressive transformations from amateur to pro. Arguably in the history of bodybuilding and such a short amount of time. He was also one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro earning his pro card at 21. But not only that, but he was one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro at the young age of 21 years old. And it wasn't just his age that was impressive. It was the fact that it was his third bodybuilding show ever that he turned pro at his third competition ever competing in his novice show. His second show he would qualify for the North Americans and his third show. He would go to the North Americans and win his pro card winning the overall. And the super heavyweight class at 21 years old. So one of the standout points that Dallas was known for during his competitive pro career was his sheer amount of muscle mass standing at six foot one getting up to about 350 pounds in the off season. Dallas was certainly one of the biggest if not the biggest bodybuilder on the pro circuit period. And next to guys like Big Rami. Now Dallas, my car for my opinion was a guy that was meant to be a big bodybuilder. I mean, this guy during his football career in high school was a guy that was always close to 300 pounds and over 300 pounds as a high schooler playing football. Now as I mentioned before, Dallas actually had a very short pro bodybuilding career. Even though he would earn his pro card in 2012 at the North Americans, he would not make his pro debut until 2015 where he won his pro debut the 2015 California pro at the age of 24 years old. So because Dallas was such a well-known bodybuilder, I don't think people really realized how short his pro career was and how much raw potential this guy had. Because his pro career started in 2015 and ended with his death in 2017 just two years later. Now in 2015, he would also make his Olympia debut placing 13th at his first Olympia ever. And he would make tremendous improvements going into the 2016 Mr. Olympia where he would place 8th. So top 10 finished at his second Olympia ever. 8th place, very good placing for Dallas McCarver. And that same year in 2016, he would also win the Chicago Pro aka the wings of strength and he would place 9th at the Arnold Classic Europe. Now 2017, which was Dallas McCarver's last year as a pro bodybuilder, was arguably his biggest and best year as a pro bodybuilder. The second place finished in March of 2017 at the Arnold Classic Ohio, the second biggest show in bodybuilding. And not only that, Dallas McCarver had peaked out his physique in the offseason to pushing 350 pounds, his biggest and best physique ever. And that's when we would first start to see signs that something was wrong. Following the Arnold Classic Ohio, of course there's the Arnold Classic Australia. Dallas McCarver slated to compete there. Arguably could have won the Arnold Australia. Had nothing gone wrong. As we know, at that show, Dallas McCarver collapsed on stage and he was not able to finish that show. And from that point forward, we would not see Dallas McCarver compete again. So that second place finished at the Arnold Ohio would be his final placing as a pro bodybuilder before passing away in September of 2017 at the age of 26 years old. Making him to my knowledge the youngest pro bodybuilder to pass away. So I just wanted to make a video kind of remembering Dallas for the things that he did achieve in such a very short time. Three competitive seasons as a pro bodybuilder 2015, 2016 and 2017. During that time, winning two pro shows, including his pro debut, placing top 10 at the Mr. Olympia and becoming runner up at the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, the second big show in bodybuilding. On top of that being one of the youngest bodybuilders ever to turn pro, one of the very few bodybuilders that has been able to turn pro on their third ever show, which is a feat that I don't know for ever going to see again. I mean, that's a very impressive just just a perfect example of someone that just had what it took to be a pro bodybuilder turning pro on their third show. I mean, I can't say enough how impressive that really is. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up, give it a like, help keep Dallas as legacy alive. And hopefully he will be remembered for the great things that he actually did in bodybuilding. And not so much the focus that the mainstream media has to say about him. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, a power signing out.

=== FILE: Danny Hester  Classic Guest Posing 7 Weeks Out [fm3l9lkOwQg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So we've got another guest posing for you guys. This time a classic physique guest posing and this is of Danny Hester. So Danny Hester won the very first ever classic physique Olympia back in 2016 and he slipped all the way down to 5th place in 2017. But this guest posing that he did came out from about 7 weeks out this past weekend. I know it's been a crazy weekend for guest posings and bodybuilding. But I wanted to share this with you guys because I think he actually, you know, he really looks good here. So I think just like any other category that's new and young. Classic physique is really trying to figure out what exactly they're looking for in terms of what physique they're going to be rewarding at the Olympia. Danny Hester being the first Mr. Olympia ever in classic and then Brianna being the second in 2017. You've got two very different physique there and you can tell that the judges are trying to figure out what exactly they want from the classic physique division. This is the same thing that we saw with women's physique. Women's figure as those divisions were new, it started to come into their own. The look that they were actually looking for started to become more and more apparent as we saw the people that were winning and getting rewarded for how they looked. So I think that's the great thing about classic physique is because with these weight and height restrictions, it gives you a very wide range of different physique. You've got taller guys with bigger wider structures and you've got shorter, very aesthetic guys that are very dense and muscular. A whole wide spectrum of different kinds of physique to choose from in classic physique. And I think that's what makes it so interesting in contrast to men's open where everybody is just big and they have slightly different variations in their physique. Classic physique with all these different heights and weights, you have a lot of completely different looks in that division. I mean, compare a guy like Bumps that to a guy like Hester or a guy like a rush to a guy like Hester or a guy like Buryon to a guy like Hester. So I do think Danny has a great physique and I think in this guest posing in particular he looks amazing. I mean his posing has always been one of his strong points. I think he's got a very, you know, artistic way of hitting the classic pose and I think that's a big reason why he was rewarded back in 2016 and his conditioning was great back then as well and it appears to be great here at seven weeks out. But I think the type of physique that they're looking for is starting to change a little bit and they're starting to decide they want a little bit of a bigger physique, a wider physique, a bigger frame, a bigger structure. You could say something more like an Arnold Schwarzenegger or something more like a surge new bra or something more like a Sergio Aleva. Just a bigger, more imposing physique on stage seems to be the trend of what's getting rewarded recently. And for that reason, I think that's why Danny Hester slipped all the way down to fifth place after winning the year prior because the standard of what they're looking for is changing. But honestly after seeing this guest posing, I think Danny looks incredible and I actually think now there is a chance that he could be in that top six again. I don't think we're going to see Danny win the Olympia again. I just don't think that's going to be the case. But he is looking good at seven weeks out. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below of Danny Hester's current physique compared to some of the other guys in that division like a bum step or a Breon and how you think he's going to play. So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Dexter Jackson fires back at Jeremy Buendia [zGONhTcctrA].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So this Jeremy Boyne Dia and Sergio Aliva beef that they had on Instagram is really sparking a lot of debate and discussion. I'm in a lot of big names in the fitness industry. I started to weigh in on men's physique and all these new divisions versus men's open body building. In particular, Dexter Jackson, so far as the only mistroling limpio winner of the men's open mistrolingpio to weigh in so far. So I'm going to go ahead and play that right now. So on his Instagram story, that is what this video is from. And this is a little bit of what Dexter had to say in response to Jeremy Boyne Dia. You're physique guys that are talking shit. Don't get it. This boy would go on with or without you. You understand? Because this is a marvelous thing. This is a wonderful thing that Jim Man created. And like I said, Jim Man, thanks, Jim. He created this division. This division would have went on and been great with or without any you guys who talk in shit. Trust me. So let's get to some of the comments that we said. They said that physique and bikini has brought to sport back up to it was and then taking it. Look bikini. If you see killing them, I'm just like, yeah, you're that. One physique dude, going to bring a one for bikini girl, they're going to bring five, six, the 10 people with them to the show. That's money for the promoter. All right, I just said it is right now. We could put on two shows at the Olympian. All the stars in Olympia, promenade, one show, all the physique guys, another show. And I give you bikini too. Since you all got all the big numbers in the amateur, I'm going to give you bikini. physique and bikini. Promend. Say a y'all tickets for the same amount. Y'all a sale out tickets for. Sell them for the same amount. You sell ours for them. You guys sell more than us or you sell the same as us. Then you'll get paid like us. We sell a nose. That's why I'll prize money. That's how it was. The home of you said that how you expect to get to save money as us when you in the expo $20 tickets to get it now. Call $765 for $300. I mean if it was dead then why I'm prize money keep going up every year and y'all staying the same. What is that? But physique pros, he got in there. What does look common in there? Did you see the massive crowd that we had at the expo? We either wanted to join everybody in. We should be getting adjusted much money as they get in. Let me shout a little later on a little home. Who said that? I've been going to the Arnold and the Olympic expo for 25 years. It's always been massive like that. You know what that means? You name because you're on a bikini. It's always been big. Not because of y'all home. You all killed me with your shit man. Don't get it twisted. Just because y'all got big numbers in the amateurs don't mean you're going to have big numbers in the pros. You understand? Prechall and brother. Prechall. Y'all see what I'm listening to me well I'll listen very carefully. Look, by the building they did and by the building they going nowhere. We always going to meet in the bread and the rice of this industry. But you don't see us going around. Back to the division. We got time for the nonsense. You know what I'm saying? We ain't got time for that. That's below us. Man, I just wanted to share another light to all you guys out to who saw all these posts and all that stuff. I just wanted to let you guys know it's always too size to every story. Now, amateurs, they get the numbers. I'm going to give you that. No doubt. But Kenny, Fazeet, y'all killing the amateurs. I'm going to promote it. Thank you so much. Okay, okay, okay. Let's just say, let's just say, you're right. Half of the crowd that was in the next move is at a CEO. It tickles $20. $20. So honestly, guys, I think Dexter made a lot of very good and very valid points here. I think the price of admission is a very solid point. I mean, the fact that they might have a bigger crowd is mostly because of the fact that it's being held at the expo. It really doesn't have much to do with more people wanting to see men's Fazeet because I don't think that's the case at all. If the argument is that men's Fazeet is bigger than bodybuilding, I think that is certainly not the case. And bodybuilding will always be bigger than men's Fazeet. While I think men's Fazeet should have a little bit higher price money, I certainly don't agree that the men's Fazeet guys should be paid the same amount as the men's open bodybuilders. But overall, I do think men's Fazeet has contributed to the growth of bodybuilding. Not just men's Fazeet, but men's Fazeet classic Fazeet bikini figure, all that of vision as a whole, have contributed to the amount of money, the amount of competitors, the amount of watchers, the amount of people going to shows, just to interest level as a whole in the sport of bodybuilding. Because the sport of bodybuilding is the NPC in the IFB. That is the main platform that is the biggest platform that is the most watch platform for bodybuilding. And if that platform is growing because of these divisions, I think overall those divisions have help bodybuilding go on an incline rather than a decline. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about Dexter Jackson's comments. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.

=== FILE: Dexter Jackson： ＂Flex Lewis is too small for us＂ [ExYI3yHaHLw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's down the power. So I've got an interesting video topic for you guys today. So on his Instagram story, Dexter Jackson responded to a question about Flex Lewis competing in the open division. So I'm going to go ahead and play that clip for you guys right here. Now he doesn't want none of this right here. Too small. He better worry about the boy. It's on Kuwait and a Iranian boy first. Yeah, yeah, too small. We need big boys up here boy. Flex used to be open. So in this clip, Dexter Jackson says number one Flex Lewis has tried the open before. And number two, he's too small. That men's open is for the big boys. So I wanted to give you guys some perspective on that. Flex Lewis is five foot five inches tall. Dexter Jackson is five foot six inches tall. So he's only one inch taller than Flex Lewis. Now Dexter Jackson, according to his own profile on bodybuilding.com, his offseason weight is between 230 and 2305. And his competition weight is only around 215 pounds. Now I've seen on some other websites where they say he's between 215 and 225 on stage. I'd say somewhere probably around 220. Now Flex Lewis is offseason weight. It's about 238 pounds. So mind you, that's one inch shorter than Dexter and three pounds heavier than Dexter's supposed max offseason weight. And obviously in shape on contest condition, he's listed as 222 pounds. But I think on stage Flex Lewis is probably around 225. Because yes, these two 12 guys suck down to make that two 12 weight limit. But they have plenty of time to carve up and fill out before they actually get on stage. So I'm sure in the process of doing so Flex Lewis gains anywhere between 10 and 20 pounds before he ever steps on that stage. So in my opinion, even as a two 12 guy, he's very size comparable to Dexter Jackson. So do I think Flex Lewis is too small for the men's open bodybuilding division. Absolutely not. You've got guys like William Bonac winning major shows. Like I said, even guys like Dexter Jackson, I mean 5-6, it's not a very tall guy. Dexter Jackson wins tons of shows. And who knows how big Flex Lewis will be when he actually trains from men's open bodybuilding. He doesn't have to worry in the offseason about having to cut back down to make that weight limit. And when he can weigh whatever he wants, he might come in 2030 pounds bigger for all we know. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Flex Lewis is too small for men's open? Personally, I don't think that. And do you think Dexter Jackson was right in his comments? So thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Did Hulk Hogan really have bigger arms than Arnold Schwarzenegger？ [n95mkkhW7CI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power. I've got an interesting topic here for you guys that I want you guys to debate in the comments sections. I want to know your guys' opinion on this. So, Hulk Hogan frequently throughout his wrestling career, one of his catchphrases was that he had 24 inch pithons referring to the measurement of his arms being 24 inches. So a lot of people disputed this and said his arms were never that big, but there is actually a clip online of him measuring his arms on a TV show that Vince McMahon hosted called Tuesday Night Titans. And in this clip, they do measure his arms, they use a tape measure, and you can see in the video, but it is pretty tightly wrapped around his arms, and a tape measure measures 24 inches for his arm measurement. Now Vince McMahon and the WWE, they are known for exaggerating statistics, they're known for exaggerating heights and weights of wrestlers, and especially a stat like this 24 inch arms when that's like his little catchphrase, as part of his character, I'm just having these big arms. And also, this little skit on this TV show, it was done as kind of a promotional stunt to advertise one of Hulk Hogan's supplements that he was coming out with called Python Powder. In the general idea of this little skit on this TV show was the measures arms and say, well, my arms are this big because I take Python powder, same my prayers, even my vitamins train hard. So this 24 inch measurement was supposed to be the selling point of this product that Hulk Hogan was coming out with. So my question to you guys, is do you think Hulk Hogan's arms ever measured 24 inches or do you think that was a complete lie? Fake tape measure, maybe they measured them, I'm going to fake away, let's some slack on the back of the arm or something like that. So to give you guys some perspective here, Arthur Jones way back in the 70s, he measured Arnold Schwarzenegger's arms at 19.75 inches, so almost 20 inch arms. Now Joe Weed are claimed in the magazines. Arnold Schwarzenegger had 22.5 inch arms. So Arnold Schwarzenegger's arms at their biggest or anywhere from probably 20 to 22.5 inches probably a little less than 22.5, but in either case, the measurement that Hulk Hogan claims would be a full two inches bigger than Arnold's at least. Now one thing to keep in mind here is that the measurements of Arnold Schwarzenegger were taken when Arnold was relatively lean. I mean, it's important to note that Hulk Hogan was never really a lean guy. I'm during the entire course of his career probably on his best day. Hulk Hogan was probably around 10% body fat. He always carried around his significant amount of weight. So you gotta keep that in mind, that's definitely going to fluctuate the measurements there. If you're holding a lot of water, you're holding a lot of fat, that's definitely going to add to the size of your arms. When Arnold Schwarzenegger being extremely lean as a competitive body builder, there's probably no fat, no water or minimal fat or water to add to that arm measurement. So do you guys think it's possible that Hulk Hogan could have arms that were two inches bigger than arguably one of the greatest body builders of that era having the best arms of that era, Hulk Hogan claimed to have two inch bigger arms. So I want to know in the comments section below what you guys think. Do you think this measurement is real or fake? And if you do think it's fake, how big do you think Hulk's arms were at their biggest? And also what do you guys think? Arnold Schwarzenegger's measurement really was. So I did say Vince McMahon tends to exaggerate wrestlers statistics, but I wouldn't doubt at all that Joe Weeder would exaggerate a body builder's statistics because Joe Weeder was selling all kinds of products in his magazines, supplements, weightlifting equipment. I'm using Arnold as the face for that. So I wouldn't doubt that Joe Weeder would possibly exaggerate the size of Arnold's arms, but I am inclined to believe that Arnold definitely had bigger than 19 inch arms at some point in time. So let me know if you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of the power signing out.

=== FILE: Did Steve Laureus deserve to win the Pittsburgh Pro？ [4VEFPRX6R-Y].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power's. I want to do a recap of the classic physique division at the Pittsburgh Pro which happened yesterday. Specifically Steve Loerus, aka some people call him Mr. Proper and divine Wilson first and second at the classic physique Pittsburgh Pro division. So there was a lot of controversy about Steve Loerus winning. I mean, you can see on stage in the pictures of divine next to Steve when they're giving the awards. He's given him like the dirtiest look ever and apparently he also walked on stage during the awards part of the show. So divine was not very happy with his placing and a lot of the fans were not happy with that placing, including myself. I mean, just like everybody else, I was super excited to see what Steve Loerus was going to do on his pro debut. Everyone was looking forward to it. He had a ton of social media hype going into this show. I think he was one of the only guys, if not the only guy on that stage where they made your supplements sponsor going into the show being RedCon 1. And I'm going to call it like I see it guys, even though me and Steve are both sponsored by RedCon 1 and I'm sure people would rather me say, I'll Steve blew this guy out of the water and looked amazing. I don't think that was the case at all. I think honestly, okay, here's the deal. Steve does have an amazing structure for classic physique. He does have a crazy small waist. He's got great arms. He's got pretty good legs. But overall structure does not win shows alone. I think overall he was very flat. His color was very bad. His tan was, I think his tan was terrible. He didn't have a dark enough tan. He wasn't like shiny enough. I don't know what it was, but he looked very, very flat. And I'll be brutally honest with you guys here. I think his conditioning was simply not good. He was very off-conditioning wise. His midsection was very, very cloudy. This particular shot right here of him hitting an absentee thighs. You can barely even see his abs at all. And some people will say, well, you just caught a weird moment in time. The picture was just taken and a weird angle. So I took a screenshot from this video as well. Taken at a different angle right in the middle of the abs and thighs. And both shots, you can't see his abs because he has this cloudy wateriness and his midsection. And in addition to being flat and having bad conditioning. And I really mean that. I'm not hating on the guy. I think his conditioning looked like Breon Ains, his conditioning. And Breon is guest posing. I'll be 100% honest with you guys. And then I think honestly he has a very shallow back, especially when they turn around and compared him versus divine Wilson. I think divine honestly in the back poses blew him out of the water. I think it was hands down no contest. The vine destroyed him in the back poses. So I think divine had better conditioning. I think he was much fuler, much rounder. He had denser muscle mass in all the right places. His conditioning was better. His color was better. His tan was better. His show shine was better. But I think the one thing that played into his downfall was his posing. And you're going to see this in this video. And I'm not saying that pose for pose, Steve Loury, is beat him in terms of the actual body parts. I'm saying pose for pose. The actual way they hit the poses, Steve Loury was much more professional. And he hit the poses. I think in a much more effective way than we saw divine hit the pose. And I think that led to possibly why he won. But I think a large part of it, and I'm going to be honest with you guys, was the fact there was so much hype and social media, you know, buzz, going around Steve Loury's into this show. But I think all these judges, whether they wanted to admit it or not, they knew this guy was coming to this show and they had their eyes on him. I mean, they were waiting to see what he looked like. I think had no one known who he was going into this show. He would not have won this competition. So before I even made this video, I wanted to get your guys as a opinion. So on my Instagram, which is at Nick's strength power, I did a couple polls on there to see what you guys thought about the results. So the first question that I asked you guys, I said, did anyone else think that Steve Loury looked off at this show? 81% of you guys said yes. I threw up a back pose of Steve Loury's versus divine. And I said, who wins this pose? 76% of you guys said divine Wilson beat Steve Loury's in the back pose. And then I put up a simple, do you think Steve deserved to win? And 67% of you guys significantly more than half said no. He didn't deserve to win. And then finally there were a couple people saying that Steve's conditioning was awesome. He was shredded to the bone. So I threw up a picture of Steve's back to the bicep and Breon's back to the bicep. I said for those of you that are saying Steve was shredded with this conditioning beat Breon Ainsley at the Mr. Olympia. And 89% of you said no. He would not beat Breon Ainsley with that conditioning. So clearly, I'm not the only one that feels that way. I mean, I wanted to get your guys as opinion first before I made this video kind of saying how I felt because I think honestly divine Wilson got robbed of this show and it's just as simple as that. So I think this kind of turned out to be one of those things that's very similar to what happened with Big Romney on social media, on Instagram, in filtered pictures. Everyone saying this guy is the Messiah of his division. This guy's going to destroy everybody. But when he comes in on stage, not really that impressive. I mean, he looked good. He has a good structure. Like I said, I mean, don't get me wrong. I do think he has an amazing structure for this division. His physique, his V taper, his small waist, his legs, his arms. He looks very good. But when he comes in off, you know, structure alone should not win you a show. If your conditioning is not good, especially in classic physique, you should not win the show. That's my opinion. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power signing out.

=== FILE: Did Wesley Vissers Deserve his win in Chicago？ [h4k_GuFzvsk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So it is the day after the 2018 Chicago Pro Classic Physique Finals. So we now have the results and we all know that Wesley Visters has won that show. So Wesley Visters versus Amit Roy was the main controversy coming out of this show. A lot of people are saying, you know, Wesley didn't deserve to win and they're saying, these social media guys like Wesley or Steve Lourius somehow have the judges and their pockets because they have these large following and that's why they win these shows. So I wanted to address that controversy here. I'm kind of compared the Wesley versus Amit situation with the Steve Lourius versus Divine Wilson in the situation from back in Pittsburgh. But also, you know, now that we have these HD photos here, I can give you guys a much better picture of the competition and give you guys a much better idea of what went down and why Wesley won. So first and foremost, so nobody can say that I'm biased here. I want to start out by pointing out Wesley's weak points in the things that I think Wesley could work on and Wesley possibly did a wrong for this show. So number one, I think this is the biggest glaring weakness that Wesley had was the color his tan. I think he was the lightest guy on stage by far. It was super noticeable. He stood out like a sore thumb because he was so light. And I think in addition to that color being off, his conditioning was a little bit off too. I don't think he was in bad shape. I think he was still in pretty good conditioning, but Amit Roy was certainly in better conditioning. There's no argument about that. So the guy that took second, the shorter guy next to him, he was by far the more conditioned guy. But we'll get to that in a minute. So Wesley's conditioning was a little bit off. The color was way off. So I think the combination of those two things, the color being off, the bright lights, the conditioning, it made him look worse than he actually did. And that was evident by the night show. He came into the night show much, much darker. And he looked a thousand times better at the night show. I mean, you can see from the comparison photos here. I mean, it's night and day difference. The color was the main thing that was off. Then the third thing that people often criticize about Wesley is his legs. So I will agree that Wesley needs to work on his legs. I think from the front, they really don't look that bad. But from the side in the back, you can kind of see them being a weakness in terms of the separation and the hamstrings from the side in the back. Compared to a guy like Amit, who is shredded to the bone. And his legs separation was far better than Wesley's. So that's what I wanted to address in this video is the judges were faced with a decision of two completely different physiques. He had Wesley visors, a taller guy, much bigger frame, much better structure, much more muscle mass than Amit and his much bigger and fuller at this show. Where you had Amit, a much shorter guy, much less muscular guy. But a much more ripped guy. And certainly the more conditioned bodybuilder. But in my opinion, here's the thing. So the judges were faced with this decision of, do we want this big guy with good structure, but he's not as ripped or do we want this short guy with not so good structure, but he's ripped to the bone. So they're like, which one of these physiques is going to better represent classic physiques? Which one of these physiques is a more classic physique? Because that is the question in the classic physique division. And to me, Amit Roy just looks like a smaller, two, 12 bodybuilder. This isn't really a conditioning contest. This is a classic physique competition. This isn't a normal bodybuilding show. And I would agree in a normal bodybuilding show. If this were a two, 12 show, Amit Roy would beat Wesley because he was more conditioned. But this isn't bodybuilding. This is a completely different thing. This is classic physique. And you got to point out the obvious weaknesses that Amit had here too. This can't be a one sided thing. When we just say every competition is controversial and the social media guy just never deserves to win. So Amit Roy, I mean, you guys got admit, this guy had some pretty bad guy in a one stage. That counts for something. I mean, when you have Guy Noon stage and you're in the classic physique division, that is going to knock you. It's going to knock you 100%. And it was super noticeable with Amit. And I would say also his structure. His structure wasn't nearly as good as Wesley's for this division. And that's my opinion on Wesley versus Amit. And I would say if you want to say there's any controversy here, it would be the guy that took third. And that is Kevin Johnson. Kevin Johnson looked amazing at this show. Amazing. And he took third place to Amit Roy. And I would say that you can make an argument that it should have been Kevin versus Wesley for that top spot. Kevin Johnson, I mean, he looked absolutely incredible at this show. I mean, in my mind, watching pre-judging, I would have had Kevin Johnson in second at least. And he could have been pushing Wesley visitors. I think harder than Amit Roy was pushing him. So that was the controversial decision in my mind. And the final thing I want to get to is the way that people are comparing this to Steve Loryous versus divine Wilson. So I think Steve and divine were actually much closer than Wesley and Amit. Again, Wesley and Amit, two very different physiques, but Steve and divine from a size standpoint, very similar from a height standpoint, very similar. Very similar amount of muscle mass. They were just a little bit different in structure. And the way that they hit their poses. So those guys were very close. They were neck and neck. Amit and Wesley were not very close. Two completely different physiques. The judges were faced with a completely different decision. And actually, if you look at the scorecards, Wesley had straight votes for first place. Every judge had him in first. And Amit had straight votes for second place. Every judge had him in second. So it was a unanimous decision. It was, there wasn't really any controversy about it. It wasn't a close call. Wesley was number one. Amit was number two. And the judge's, you know, it really wasn't an argument. With Steve and divine, it was a little closer than that. So these were two completely different results, two completely different shows. And I think all the hate that Wesley is getting isn't really warranted here. I mean, in my opinion, this guy is the most classic guy on this stage. And I'm as conditioning was a little off. His color was a little off. But if you're talking about who here at the Chicago Pro, you know, is the best threat to the classic physique, Mr. Olympia on that stage. Who is the best structure or the best potential to do damage to the Olympia? Are you going to go with Amit Roy? Are you going to go with Wesley Visitors? So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, a power signing out.

=== FILE: Do I have beef with Kenny KO？ [dPKi17OWhOU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I want to do a dress this quote unquote beef with Kenny K.O. So first and foremost, I want to squash this beef and clarify. I don't have beef with anybody and Kenny K.O. is included in that. So I've been seeing a lot of comments saying, what's your beef with Kenny K.O? What's the deal between you two? And the honest truth is I don't have any beef with him, but there is something I need to address. So Steve Shaw, who has a channel called Massive Iron, a highly suggest you check him out if you haven't already. He posted a video where he talks about Kenny K.O. copying my videos. And Kenny K.O responded to him and called me a liar, and he also said that my channel is dead and dying. So I wanted to address both of those claims in this video. Number one, the fact that he copied my videos, which is absolutely true. But again, I don't have beef with the kid. I've never called this kid out on it. I've known that he's been doing this for about a year now. And I never said anything about it because I really don't care. I mean, let the kid have his YouTube hustle. Do what he's got to do to get views. That's fine with me. But I didn't care until he said this in one of his videos. Kenny, are you related to Nick Strikton Power? Oh man, oh man. What's the best way to answer this one? I guess, yes, I am related to Nick Strikton Power NSP, but I'm much better looking. Produce much better content, and I'm just way buffer. So in that clip, he said that his videos are better than mine. His channel is better than mine. It's basically just racking on my channel. So I thought that was interesting because of the fact that he basically built his whole channel based on one video. So specifically, there's one video I'm talking about. And it's called Brad Castleberry King of Fake Wates Must Watch. Kenny K.O. uploaded this on May 26, 2017. Now, I uploaded a similar video. You can actually see it in the related videos. Brad Castleberry, the Fake Wate, Feinom. And this was one of the first videos ever made on Brad Castleberry was my video. So the reason I want to talk about this video is Kenny K.O. If you guys go and watch this video and watch mine, what Kenny K.O. did for this video was not only did he copy my video. He literally downloaded the video that I uploaded. And then re-uploaded it with my voice muted in him voicing it over saying all the same things that I said in my video. And as you guys know, Kenny K.O. basically built his entire channel around the fake Wates thing. So the first video that he did was my video and he built his whole channel on the fake Wates. So I was like man, why is this guy saying my channel is shitty in his videos are better than mine when he used my channel to build his. That's the first point I wanted to address. And that is not the only video. I'll show you guys some screenshots here of some other videos. And again, I've never addressed this before because I don't really care. I mean, let the kid do what he's got to do. But then when he calls my channel shitty and he says his videos are better than mine. And then he calls me a liar on top of that. I was like man, that's I mean, that's kind of fucked up. And I wasn't even going to do a video on this, but the fact that he called me a liar and then Steve Shaw made a video about it, I kind of felt that he'd upload a video defending myself because I'm not a liar. I have no reason to lie about it. And then the second point I wanted to address. He said my channel is dead and dying. So I wanted to throw out some screenshots here of our video analytics for the past month, the month of March. He had 9,200,000 views. I had 13,800,000 views. So almost 5 million more views than him. And my views were going up while his were going down. He had a bunch of subscribers, 42,000, but that number is also going down. And a large part of that was that viral video he did that he bought all lead video. When you have a viral video, your subscribers may have a massive jump and they go down. But both his views and subscribers are down last month, while both of mine are significantly up. So if my channel is dying, then his channel is dying as well. So that's another point that he made that is just completely false. And the final point is where the root of all this really kicked in is Keny K. I made a video a long time ago. I'm talking about me blocking him on Instagram. And he recently made another video saying I was a liar about when I blocked him. He said that I said in a video that I only blocked him a couple weeks ago, which is not true. I never said that. The truth is I did block the guy. I immediately blocked him right after he made that video about me. I mean, the truth of the matter is he spelled the name of my account wrong. He could not find my account because he typed in the wrong user name on his video. You guys can go and watch the video. He typed in the completely wrong user name in my account. It's not come up obviously. So someone sent me this video like a day after he posted it. And once I saw what he was saying in the fact that he made this video about me, I blocked him just out of principle because I was like, why would you make a whole video about me and not even reach out to ask? So I don't really care about any of this, but the fact that Steve Shaw put it out there, I got a bunch of people commenting and messaging me asking me to address it and address this beef between Keny K.O and I. So I want to make a video squashing the beef. I don't have beef with him, but I'm not a liar. I'm not lying about anything that I said. You guys can see all the videos right here that he deliberately, I mean, same thumbnail, same title and even cases where he downloaded my exact video and then muted the voice over. It's all there. That's all on his channel. But like I said, I'm not about drama. I'm not about beef. I don't care about any of this. So in fact, I don't care so much. I'm going to unblock Keny K.O and extend the olive branch to him. Because I'm just tired of seeing the beef comments. Again, I don't have beef with anybody. I don't want to argue with anybody. I don't want drama with anybody. I don't even care that he copied my videos. The only thing that I was mad about was the fact that he called me a liar. Then he uploaded a video saying his videos are better than mine. Both of which I just didn't agree with. So Keny K.O is now unblocked. There's no beef between us. But these are the facts. And I was not lying about that when I was telling Steve Shaw about that. Again, I don't care about the Photoshop scandal with him. I didn't even address it. I didn't make a video about it. It didn't make a post about it. In fact, I've never said a negative word about Keny K.O on my channel. But the fact that he keeps making these little videos, taking shots at my channel, saying negative things about me. It just really rubbed me the wrong way. And that's why I mentioned the Steve Shaw. I find it interesting that Keny K.O keeps making these videos calling me out. Where he based his whole channel based on a video that he copied from me. So again, I'm not going to say anything negative about him. The beef is over. He's unblocked. But the facts are the facts. So let me know what you guys think about the video in the comment section below. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Do YOU want Kai Greene to compete at the Olympia？ [ROYRFncCRSA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I wanted to get your guys a thoughts on this. So Aaron Singerman, who is a mutual friend of mine and Kai Greene's. He posted a video on Instagram today, where he's basically reaching out to Kai Greene's fans to try to get him to compete. I guess Aaron has talked to Kai and Kai is actually seriously contemplating competing in 2018, but he's a little hesitant and he's a little bit on the fence. So Aaron posted this video where he's trying to get the fans of Kai to show Kai how much they want him to compete. So I'm going to go ahead and play that video for you guys right now. Alright, so I'm walking to the GNC X-Po and I thought it's something I'd like to ask you guys to do. So as you know, I'm a friend of Kai Greene, where business associates business partners and I think he needs to know how much people want to see him do the Olympia again. Now with the new rule change and the people's champ and that one additional judge, one point may be all the Kai needs and it has been in the past. So I'm going to ask you to do if you like to see Kai compete. Put your favorite picture Kai, post your favorite picture Kai. Maybe you with Kai are just Kai posing and post it on Instagram and use the hashtag Come Back Kai, Come Back Kai and let him know, Ted Kai Greene, let him know that you want to compete again and that you got his back and you're supporting him. I know I am. Come on back Kai. So I know every year we kind of get to this topic and every year, Kai Greene kind of teases that he's going to compete. But I honestly think 2018, this year's Olympia is the best opportunity Kai Greene is ever going to have to compete. I think this is probably the most serious that Kai has ever been based on what I've heard about competing again at the Mr. Olympia. I think this whole addition of the fans' choice award is really the prime time for Kai Greene to compete because even if Kai doesn't win, even if Kai doesn't place well, if that's what he's afraid of. I think that people's choice award that people's champion is something that Kai Greene has a great shot at winning. And I'll be honest with you guys, I read pretty much all of the comments on my channel and there's not a whole lot of people that are very interested in 2018 Olympia, men's open body building division. I see the comments guys, people just aren't really that interested in seeing Phil Heath win again and people like this new fans' choice thing because it presents the opportunity that Phil Heath might not win. People don't want to see Phil Heath win over and over again whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, that's just how it is. And that's what I see all the time in the comment section on this channel. I think that's why they introduce the whole fans' choice award because they knew people were losing interest in seeing the Olympia. So I wanted to share this video the Aaron Post that to get you guys involved. If you guys want to see Kai Greene compete, I encourage you guys to let Kai Greene know that to participate in this hashtag thing. I'm just kind of put the idea out there that a lot of people want to see Kai come back. I think Kai might be afraid that people would be disappointed if he doesn't win or he doesn't place well. I think the reality is people just want to see Kai back on that Olympia stage. And none of us are going to be disappointed if Kai doesn't win. I mean, I'm a big fan of Kai Greene and I want to see Kai Greene do well. But even if he doesn't, I think it's still going to bring a whole new level of entertainment and interest to the Olympia stage to see Kai back up on that stage. So if you guys want to see Kai Greene compete at the Olympia, let me know in the comments section below. Give this video a thumbs up and please share it. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, I'm power signing out.

=== FILE: Dorian Yates First Olympia (Unseen Photos) [Mk-ldqhpVFU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Schreiner Power. So in this video I want to talk about the 1991 Mr. Olympia competition. So the interesting thing about the 1991 Mr. Olympia is that this was Dorian Yates' first ever Mr. Olympia taking second to Leigh Hayney. So this 1991 Olympia was really Dorian Yates' first impression on the international bodybuilding community, on the biggest stage of the mall. I'm very early on in his career. I think this is only the first or second year of even being an IFBB pro bodybuilder. And being seen by the world for the first time is this massive new coming bodybuilder from the UK that no one had ever really seen before or heard much from before. He kind of came out of nowhere. Again, that's why they called him the shadow because in between Olympia is he was just kind of going back to the UK. I'm training in silence. He wouldn't really be that visible to the public. Then he'd come back to next year at the Mr. Olympia dominate, then go straight back to the UK and do the same thing for the next year. But the main reason I wanted to make a video on this particular Mr. Olympia is number one, there's not a whole lot of photos out there of the 1991 Mr. Olympia or of Dorian Yates' first ever Olympia appearance. And I do think it's a significant moment in bodybuilding history because again, you have Lee Haney, eight-time Mr. Olympia. He would win this Olympia and retire after winning this Olympia. So Dorian Yates, he kind of, a lot of people say he's scarred Lee Haney and Lee Haney saw the riding on the wall when he saw Dorian at that 1991 Mr. Olympia and maybe Lee Haney wouldn't have retired. Had Dorian Yates not been there to push him and Lee Haney probably knowing what would happen the following year when Dorian Yates had time to improve and come and bigger. So a lot of people say that Lee Haney made the smart move, retiring after the 1991 Mr. Olympia. But again, the reason I wanted to make this video is because there are so few photos of this Olympia and one of my subscribers actually, I want to give him credit here, Andy Caster contacted me. He was actually in attendance in the audience at the 1991 Mr. Olympia and he actually has a bunch of photos never before seen, never published before, just personal photos that he took from the 1991 Mr. Olympia in particular of Dorian Yates and Lee Haney. So I mean, these are legendary body-building photos from the debut, the Olympia debut of six-time Mr. Olympia Dorian Yates and from the final Olympia of eight-time Mr. Olympia record holder Lee Haney. So the 1991 Mr. Olympia was really dubbed kind of the dawn of the mass monsters because in the early 90s there weren't really any mass monsters around and Dorian Yates was really the first. Now granted in the later 90s people do think some of the mass monsters like Marcus Rul or a Paul DeLette, but those guys weren't around at the 1991 Mr. Olympia. So to give you guys some perspective here, the top 10 at the 1991 Mr. Olympia. Obviously Lee Haney placed first winning that show. Dorian Yates took second. You had Vince Taylor taking third. Lee Lebrata taking fourth again another shorter smaller body builder not a mass monster by any means. Sean Ray taking fifth again another shorter smaller body builder. Sunny Schmidt taking sixth. Francis Ben Fato. A.K.A. Mr. Symmetry taking seventh again another smaller guy just known for being very balanced and proportioned. The area pastel placing eighth again another smaller guy. I think he was actually under 200 pounds on stage known for his incredible abdominal development and also the size of his arms. He had a came all-brecht in night place. Now a came all-brecht is actually an interesting IFPB body builder because he's the only IFPB professional body builder to place top 10 at the Mr. Olympia and then go on to have a successful career as a pro wrestler in the WWE F. So a key mall-brecht was a top 10 finisher at the Olympia and a WWE F wrestlers and not a lot of people actually realized that. And then in 10th place you had Rich Gospari so you know more than half of the top 10 at the 1991 Mr. Olympia or a guy that were right around 200 pounds some of those guys under 200 pounds. So in the early 90s smaller guys were really dominating and in 1991 all the sudden you have this Dorian Yates guy come out of nowhere. This massive guy pretty much the biggest guy on stage at this point. So in Dorian came out on stage it was kind of like an o-ship moment for everybody there. Even though Dorian hadn't reached nearly the peak of his size at the 1991 Mr. Olympia he would make tremendous improvements from that point forward. But Dorian was still a side to be seen even at his first Mr. Olympia. I think even as a downsize version of himself he was still you know very proportional good conditioning good balance and you're still a very sizable guy next to eight time Mr. Olympia Lee Haney you could see the potential in Dorian. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and if you want to see more videos like this diving in depth and a various Mr. Olympia is a various years. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please good a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if you're not the power signing out.

=== FILE: Early Predictions for 2018 Olympia [AQIlzSMeK1w].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I wanted to go through the list of qualified body builders so far for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now with less than 10 weeks to go, we pretty much have a pretty solid idea of who's going to be there. Give her take a couple guys that are still trying to qualify on points. There's only a couple opportunities left for guys to qualify and get into the Mr. Olympia. So the list of qualified guys right now is going to give you a pretty good idea of who's going to be there and who the top guys are going to be. So we're going to give kind of a early prediction video and kind of some early expectations of who's going to be placing where based on this qualification list. So let's get started here. So there's going to be two lists that we're looking at here. Number one is going to be the guys that are already qualified. Number two is going to be the highest point standings. So if you win a show, you automatically qualify for the Olympia. And then if you do well at a show, you can accrue these points. So these point standings are organized by who has the most points and who is the closest to qualifying for the Mr. Olympia, they could maybe do a couple more shows and get in there. So qualified so far. Obviously we have Phil Heath who won last year's Olympia automatically qualified. The whole top six is automatically qualified for the next year. So big Romney, William Bonac, Dester Jackson, Sean Roden, Rally Winkler, there's your top six from last year. Then you have Brandon Curry, Cedric Mimlin, Steve Kouklo, Nathan D'Ayesha, Juan Morell, Charles Griffin, Michael Lockett and Lucas Ossodo, those two who just recently qualified. Michael Lockett by winning in Chicago at the Chicago Pro and Lucas Ossodo who won the Van Kouver Pro very recently. And the three most likely guys that are probably going to get it on points. Josh Wade, Justin Luis Rodriguez and a keen Williams, all of which who have 10 or more points will most likely see these guys at the Olympia. So I'll just give them some very early predictions here. Based on what we've seen so far, obviously these are probably going to change. As we get closer to the Olympia, we start to see more and more of what these guys are looking like. Closer and closer to the show. But based on what we've seen from these guys over the past year, how they've qualified, the caliber of shows that they've won, the improvements they've made on their physique, we can get a pretty good idea of how they're probably going to do at the Mr. Olympia if they're able to replicate the physique they brought at these shows. So first I want to talk about guys that did not crack the top six last year that I think have a chance of cracking the top six this year. So the first guy I want to talk about is Nathan Dyesha, who has had a phenomenal pro year this year, winning both the Callie Pro and of course the major title of winning the New York Pro, placing seventh at last year's Olympia. I think Nathan Dyesha is a solid threat to that top six and certainly a guy that I think could crack in there. I'm if he's able to replicate the physique that he brought at both the Callie and New York Pro, more specifically the Callie Pro where he looked a lot better. I'm going to lock Sharper. Looking at the top six from last year, I think he could be able to beat a guy like a Dexter Jackson even who we don't know how Dexter's going to look because of his appearance of the 2018 Arnold Australia, where he had that bicep issue. Dexter could be a guy that's beaten down this year. I mean it could be a guy that we see slip in placing even more because again he's the oldest guy in that stage and we could see him so far the trend has been that his placing has been dropping. So we could see Dexter Jackson maybe dip out of that top six and we could see a guy like Nathan Dyesha cracking there beating a guy like Dexter or even beating a guy like Sean Roden who hasn't been doing that well at the past couple of Olympias. Now the guy that I want to see move up the most and that I think could move up the most is the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia champion, Roli Winkler. Now Roli Winkler brought arguably the best physique he ever brought to the stage at that Arnold Australia. He looked phenomenal. Roli Winkler is really in a league of his own in terms of overall size. I mean the guy is a freak. The only two issues with Roli is number one, the density in his back and number two the conditioning is sometimes a problem although it wasn't a problem at the Arnold Australia. If you're able to do that at the Olympia I can see Roli Winkler moving up significantly at this year's Olympia. Now Roli is a guy he placed six last year at the Olympia. I mean again I mentioned his back and I think when it comes down to Roli versus Phil a lot of people would want to see Roli win the Mr Olympia. A lot of people you know have that in the back of their minds. But the problem that Roli's going to run into is Phil he has such a complete back and such a thick dense detailed back development. I just really can't see Roli beating Phil unless Phil is just you know like a 75% shadow of himself because Roli versus Phil could be very comparable from the front from the sides but when they turn around from the back I think it's really game over in favor of Phil Heath. But you gotta look at the top six from last year. He had Sean Rodin and fifth. Dexter Jackson and fourth William Bonac and third big Romney and second. Could Roli beat a Sean Rodin? I think yes. Could Roli beat a Dexter Jackson? Yes he could and yes he did at the Arnold Australia. So he's already beaten Dexter. I think he could certainly beat Sean. So that could move Roli up to a placing like fourth. So that could be two places up from last year. Could Roli beat William Bonac? If William Bonac came in off I think I think he could beat William Bonac. I think we could see Roli Winkler as high as top three at 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now Roli versus a guy like big Romney. Roli versus a guy like Phil Heath. That's going to be a lot tougher for Roli to overcome. While it might be possible it could be possible for him to beat big Romney and take second. I could see Roli solidly in that top three at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to go ahead and predict Roli could be fourth or third at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So my prediction so far you know I would have Sean Rodin slipping to a placing like seventh and a guy like Nathan Deasha if he catches a guy like Sean slipping like you know Sean was slipping last year. If he catches Sean slipping this year I could see Sean slipping out of that top six. Nathan slipping in then you could have Dexter dropping down from fourth to fifth so you have Nathan and sixth, Dexter and fifth. You know I really would like to see Roli in that top three but realistically I think Roli is probably going to be in that fourth place spot at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. And honestly in all likelihood I think the same top three from last year is going to be the top three this year of William Bonac big Romney and Phil Heath. William Bonac just came off that Arnold classic win which was massive. I mean the Arnold classic is the second biggest show in body building. I mean that is a massive just momentum boost for William Bonac coming into this Olympia and to see him not placing the top three after that amazing showing he had this year. I just don't for I can't see it happening and based on you know the guest posing that we've seen of Bonac so far he looks phenomenal at 10 weeks out and big Romney is big Romney man. I think he solidified his his spot as being a top three Olympian with the size and decent enough conditioning to get into that top three and Phil Heath of course seven time Mr. Olympia I don't think you're going to see Phil outside of that top three no matter no matter what happens. Now there are some wild cards that I want to talk about here and the biggest wild card of all would be Kai Green and the potential that he gets a special invitation. Now it's important to realize Kai Green is not qualified for this year's Olympia he is not competed to qualify this year he would have to get a special invitation to compete he's been offered a special invitation in the past and turned it down. So you know the chances of him getting another one aren't really the greatest he could get another special invitation I would love to see him compete but it's important to remember he has not qualified and he has not yet been issued that special invitation. But Kai Green could show up and throw a total wrench in that top six. Now another wild card you have is Cedric McMillan obviously one of the biggest people's champions of all time he's obviously one of the most favorite beloved by the fans who won the Arnold Classic last year in 2017 but a couple weeks ago maybe it was a month ago now at the Toronto Pro Cedric had a very disappointing showing there taking the third place spot in Toronto and that really left a lot of people wondering is Cedric going to even be a threat at this year's Mr. Olympia now last year Cedric placed tenth a very disappointing placing for Cedric and a lot of people wonder is it going to be the same case this year you know based on the trend I would have to say that I don't think Cedric's going to be in the top six this year I would love to see him crack in there but just based on the direction his physique's been going I just can't see it happening now as far as guys cracking in that top ten that weren't there last year I would really love to see Steve Cuclough cracking that top ten he brought a package to the indie pro which I was at and I saw him person where he looked phenomenal his conditioning was a hundred percent on point he also competed in the Arnold Classic where he had really good conditioning as well I think Steve Cuclough is a guy that's going to be cracking in that top ten this year that a lot of people don't expect to see in that top ten as well as a guy like Charles Griffin Charles Griffin who won the muscle may him show and he took second to Steve Cuclough at that indie pro I mean Charles Griffin has an incredible physique and I think this guy is going to be a guy to watch out for in that top ten as well keep in mind outside of the top ten last year you're a Josh on Artowitz brand and curry and Nathan Diazha as well as said we're taking tenth I'm pretty sure Josh isn't doing the Olympia he's not qualified I don't think he's going to try to qualify so that's one place that's open in the top ten that wasn't open last year so I think for sure a guy like Steve Cuclough or a guy like Charles Griffin could take Josh's spot in ninth or could even take said we're spot in tenth if said we're doesn't come in at a hundred percent so those are my preliminary predictions for the 2018 Mr Olympia I think in all likelihood we're going to see Phil repeat here but again as we get closer to the show I'm going to give out another set of predictions as we get closer and we've seen more updates of all these guys and how they're looking maybe two or three weeks out so let me know what you guys think how would you place the 2018 Mr Olympia based on what you've seen so far let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it Nick strength and power signing out

=== FILE: Father and Son Bodybuilders [YEPJOZX_hNo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shemba Power. So in this video I want to talk about a bodybuilder from the 1970s and the 1980s. In this particular bodybuilder was well known for being super vascular and bringing that crazy rock hard, a caranity, thick, dense conditioning to the stage coupled with that insane vascularity. So this bodybuilder's name is Mike Watson. And the fascinating thing that I found about Mike Watson, which I actually didn't know before researching this video, was the fact that he's the father of the 212 competitor Zain Watson. So to be honest with you guys, I actually think that Zain Watson is one of the more impressive 212 competitors. He recently competed at the 2017 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, where he placed fifth. And I was actually there in the crowd at the night show. But I got to say he had the biggest crowd reaction out of any of the 212 bodybuilders that got on stage. I mean, when he got on stage, the crowd went absolutely nuts. Now that could be a result of him having just the biggest friends and family fan base present in the arena. But I just distinctly remember him getting on stage in the crowd going insane. Even to the point where the MC announcing the show made a comment about how loud the crowd reaction was, the Zain Watson. I think he does have a very impressive physique. I think he's actually very reminiscent of his father in terms of his overall masculinity. He brings very good conditioning to the stage. He seems to be very consistent in that regard. And I think he also has that granite like thick dense and granite level of conditioning coupled with his vascularity as well. What do you think is a trait that he probably inherits from his father Mike Watson. So getting back to Mike Watson for a minute. Mike Watson competed primarily in the 70s and 80s, like I mentioned before. He's competed against guys like Mike Menser, Tom Plats, Samir Benut, who is a Mr. Olympia winner, Ron Tuffell, who's arguably one of the greatest teen body builders of all time. And he was also the winner of the 1978 Canadian Nationals, which is basically the Mr. Canada Competition. So in the late 1970s and early 80s, Mike Watson was regarded as being one of the best amateur body builders in the world at that point in time. And Mike Watson is actually the reason for this video. I got a lot of people sending me video requests for a video on the most vascular, classic bodybuilder of all time. When I was researching that video, I came across Mike Watson and Mike Watson is certainly one of the most vascular bodybuilders of the Golden Era. So I went to make a video about Mike. And in my research for that, I discovered he was Zain's father in Zain Watson. I believe has tremendous potential in the 2012 vision. And the most fascinating thing about this is that Zain is actually trained by his father. So when he got his pro-card back in 2012, his father actually laid out his entire plan for the year leading up to the 2012 Canadian Nationals. Again, the same show that his father won some 30 years ago. So he said his father was like a scientist preparing him for that show. The dieting, the nutrition, the training, the cutting, the bulking, his father had everything planned out for a whole year leading up to Canadian Nationals. And that's where he won his pro-card and began his professional career. Zain Watson's pro-day view would be at the Toronto Pro in 2013, where he would actually place 13. So actually wasn't that good of a pro-day view. But the following year, he would actually win the Toronto Pro. Which is actually pretty impressive to win a pro-show your second year as a bodybuilder and then the qualify for an Olympia that same year. Unfortunately at that 2015 Mr Olympia, he would only place 16th. But like I said, when he fast forward to 2017, he made tremendous improvements between 2015 and 2017. I think that fifth place finished at the Arnold Classic was a major feather in his cap. Again, the Arnold Classic being the second biggest show in bodybuilding. So how you guys might enjoy this video? I thought it was a cool father's son story for, you know, just bodybuilding in general that you guys might like. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink of power. Signing out.

=== FILE: Finally Bought My Dream Car.... [687t011Eoys].txt ===

Alright, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strangham Powers. If you're watching this video on the day that I uploaded it, which is Friday, May 11th, you're watching this video on my birthday. So I just turned 25 years old today and I'm going to be showing you guys what I got myself from my birthday. My birthday gift to myself was a new car. Those of you guys that follow me on social media probably already know what the car is. Those of you that don't probably don't know what the car is. So you guys may recall back in July of 2017-ish. So back in July I bought another new car for myself, a 40 year old Corvette C3. So recently I bought myself a new stingray. So a C7 stingray. So my goal for myself was always to have enough money to buy a new stingray and cash. I'm never to be that guy that had a car that, you know, I just wanted a fancy car. Now I've got a car that I can't afford. I've got a car not a can afford and now I'm broke. I never wanted to be that guy. So I don't know how to wait till I had enough money to buy one in cash and I wouldn't be broke and I'd have plenty of money left over in the bank. So after I paid my taxes and had all that figured out, I knew exactly how much money I had and I was able to do just that. So it was really about achieving that goal for me more so than having a fancy car. And also the fact I'm a huge fan of Corvettes. So in this video what I'm going to show you is I took both Corvettes the C7 and the C3 because I kept the C3. I took them both to a car show a couple of weeks ago so I'm going to show you guys the footage from that first and then I'm going to voice over kind of a walk through of the new car, the interior, the exterior, three. I'm going to compare the C7 and the C3 and it's giving you guys a rundown of the specs of the C7 and this anything interesting that I think you guys might want to see. So in future videos what I would like to do is because now I kind of want to make the C3 my project car. I want to get it repainted. I want to get some things done to the interior, a new dash, new gauges, stuff like that. I think a lot of you guys based on the comments that I see on Instagram are also car guys, fans of Corvettes or fans of classic cars in general. And you guys might like to see some more vlogs about those modifications. There's also some modifications I want to make to the new C7 including Lambo Dora, so Dora's that opened vertically rather than horizontally. Some stuff I want to get done to the interior with that car as well. So if you guys would like to see some more of vlogs sprinkled in over the next year and want me to make some more car stuff, please give this video a thumbs up and without further ado. Here is the car vlog. Here is the car. Here is the car. Here is the car. That was the car show footage, but let's jump into straight talking about this new car. The new car isn't actually new. It's a 2016 Corvette Stingray Z51. It only had 7,000 original miles on it. So I want to give you guys a little bit of Corvette history in this video if you guys don't know. So when people refer to a Corvette, you're going to hear them refer to it as being a C1, C2, C3, C4, or C7. So the new Corvette that I got is a C7 and the Corvette you see next to it is a C3. So for those of you that don't know, the Corvette Stingray was first introduced in 1963 as a C2 Corvette. And it would span all the way until 1976 spanning both the C2 and C3 generations of Corvette. So from C4 onward, there would not be another Corvette Stingray until the C7 introduced in 2014. So this is a kind of a big deal in Corvette history. Almost 40 years they did not have a stingray and they came back with it in 2014. So as much as I like bodybuilding history, I think car history is just as cool. So I think this new generation of stingray number one, it looks absolutely badass. And number two, it's very historic. So let's get to some of the specific specs on this particular stingray. So I did not get a manual Corvette. That's the first thing I'm going to mention here. So it's an automatic, but it's an eight speed paddle shift automatic. So it's essentially automatic with the option of manual. If you want to shift gears, you can still shift gears with the paddle shifter. But mostly I'm going to be driving this car in automatic because it is going to be my daily driver. Secondly, it's a Z51. It's got a 6.2 liter engine, netting about 460 horsepower. Now the expensive thing about this car is going to be both the fuel and the insurance. The insurance is very expensive. And the fuel, I'm only putting premium in this car. So the fuel adds up to about $50 a tank every time I fill it. So let's go ahead and go into the interior of this car here. So one of the cool things, really the devil is in the details here. I really like all the detail that goes into the interior of this car. This is definitely the interior of a $60,000-70,000 car. You've got the Corvette emblem popping up on both screens. As soon as you start the car, you've got the Corvette emblem on the steering wheel and multiple little stingray emblems throughout the interior. Let there interior. There's some things I want to do to it, including getting matching blue knobs. So you see how all those knobs are silver. I want to get blue ones that match the exterior of the car. It's got the push to start. So there's no key that actually inserts into the vehicle. So I really like that. You also have this awesome screen on the inside here. We press this button and it's like a secret storage compartment behind the screen. It's also a touch screen screen, which the car that I had before this, that's my daily driver. Before the 77 as well, was a 2007 Ford Fusion. So as you can imagine, it didn't have nearly as many perks as the interior of a new Corvette C7. So now I'm going to go ahead and rev the engine for you guys here. So next we're going to look at the trunk space here. So the trunk space is really for the target top. And for those of you that don't know what a target top is, essentially every single Corvette is technically a convertible because the top does come off. Well, a typical convertible has kind of that canvas top that's electronic and you press a button and it goes back. A target top is simply a hard top that you can take off and store it in the back. So that's why the trunk space is actually relatively big because it's made to hold that target top. So actually I can use this car as kind of a grocery getter because it's got a decent amount of trunk space for a sports car. So here we're going to go ahead and show the engine of the C3 here and just compare the sounds of revving both engines. So let me know what you guys think of this video in the comment section below. If you guys would like to see the videos of the modifications and more videos of these cars if we do take them to the track and actually race them to a real race. If you guys would like to see that stuff comment in the comment section below and please give the video a thumbs up. I hope you guys enjoy the rest of your day. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: First Callout： 2018 Toronto Pro [S40-QaTmFhY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon Power, so the Toronto Pro judging for men's open body building is literally happening right now. I'm going to of course I've got play by play coverage for you guys. So the first callout, or essentially the top six, is looking to be these six guys right here. Jeff Beckham, a team Williams, Juan Morell, Cedric Mimilin, Rafael Brandel, of course Antoine Vayant, which I'm very happy to see him in the top six here. So I think the outcome of this show is actually going to be a little bit of an unexpected outcome here. So Juan Morell and a team Williams actually seem to be one and two at this show. They're comparing them a little bit harder than they're comparing Cedric to one and two. So obviously Cedric is the biggest name in this lineup and he was kind of a last minute entry into this show. So no one was really knowing or expecting that he was going to be doing this show. And I got to be honest with you guys. I don't think this was the best showing for Cedric Mimilin and he might actually take third place here, possibly fourth place. This is a very deep line up, very competitive. Everybody has, you know, everybody in this top six really has incredible conditioning. And I got to say in terms of Cedric Mimilin, this is not the best condition Cedric Mimilin that we've seen midsection, honestly, to me it looks very watery. His conditioning just didn't look good to me for a Cedric Mimilin. And then you've got guys like Antoine who was just shredded to the bone in this lineup. He got Rafael Brando again in this top six, shredded to the bone, Juan Morelle, looking way more shredded in my opinion than he looked at the New York pro. Then of course, this surprise of this show, a team Williams being compared for that one and two spot, a team Williams looking significantly better than he looked at the New York pro just a couple weeks ago, conditioning looking better just all around looking very impressive in this lineup. A team Williams looks posed to take second place. And this is going to be very big for his career if he takes second to one and he beats a top Olympian, like Cedric Mimilin. I mean, that's going to be an incredible achievement for a team Williams and certainly something that we haven't seen for him in a while in terms of conditioning and placement of shows to beat a guy like Cedric would be massive for a team Williams. So based on the way they move these guys around and compare them, my predictions based on this pre-judging, it looks like Juan Morelle is going to be winning this show to be awesome if you guys. He just looks to be in the best condition, combined with the best size and shape and structure, all that stuff combined, just where they have him placed pretty much dead in the middle and they're moving around guys to compare to him. It looks like Juan's going to win. It's looking like a team Williams in second. Then actually it's looking very, very good for Antoine Vayant, either third or fourth for Antoine in my opinion. But in all likelihood, even though we saw kind of off Cedric Mimilin, I think Cedric is still going to sneak into that third place spot and Juan Morelle probably take a fourth and then we're probably going to have Rafael brand out taking fifth place and then Jeff Beckham on the end there, probably coming in sixth. So to be honest with you guys, this is a crazy show man. The results of this show are going to be pretty big, pretty crazy and not what a lot of people expected. I think when a lot of people heard that Cedric was going to come in myself included, they thought that Cedric was probably going to sweep the show and come out with an easy victory. But it turns out that was not the case. I mean, I love Cedric. I'm a massive fan of Cedric. But this to be honest with you guys, looked like a guest posing version of Cedric Mimilin. So I want to know what you guys think about these callouts and these comparisons. There was also this show. I think I got to be much later tonight around 11 o'clock. I think they're going to announce the men's open body builders winners. So for some reason, they did pre-judging much later in the day, in the pre-judging for the other shows. But let me know what you guys think based on these callouts, who you think is going to win, and how you think these body builders will place. And go to my Instagram. Of course, I'm posting live updates on my story. If you guys want to see this happening in real time, I'm posting a play by play on my story as well. My Instagram is at Nick Strength Power. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength Power signing out.

=== FILE: First World's Strongest Man 1977： Bodybuilders vs Football Players vs Wrestlers [OQ-Tad_GGeQ].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Name of Power. So today I want to make a video about the very first ever world strongest man competition. So the first ever world strongest man was held in 1977 and back at that time there was no you know strong man competitor. There wasn't like an amateur league, a pro league, something feeding into the world strongest man competition where you had to qualify as a strong man. As a strong man competitor. So basically what they did back in 1977 was they took who they believed to be the strongest man in the world just from various different sports. You had body builders, you had professional wrestlers, you had Olympic weight lifters, you had football players, just kind of a hard podge of guys that were believed to be super strong. So I think if you guys find body building history to be interesting, you guys would find world strongest man history to be even more interesting because of the humble roots that it really had. The kind of the interesting, you know, the interesting aspects of who they picked to be in this first strong man competition. You have Franco Columbo who at that time had won the Mr. Olympia the year prior. And during that 1977 world strongest man he would suffer a pretty big injury that would almost end his career in doing his leg during this carry where he was carrying a fridge on his back. That would basically be the reason why a lot of people think when he came back in 1981 that his physique was so off specifically his legs and he had a little bit of guy know in 1981. And some people think he may have continued to compete in Winna Olympia's had he not done that world strongest man in 1977. Of course you had the legendary Lou Fragno at that time I believe 1977 was about the year that he got his incredible Hawk deal and he started filming the incredible Hawk for TV. He may have even been noticed on the world strongest man that might have been where that came about. At that time obviously he was known for pumping iron which it came out a couple years prior. And he's also a two-time IFBB mystery universe and the IFBB mystery America. You had Kent Petera who was a pro wrestler. He was also a very accomplished weightlifter in my opinion one of the pound for pound strongest pro wrestlers of all time. To have come from such an accomplished weightlifting background he was also in it. Yet Bob Young who was a football player. I believe at that time he was playing for the St. Louis Cardinals as an offensive guard. You had another body builder in there by the name of Mike Dayton who might also make an interesting video. This guy was a classic body builder from back in the Golden Era. He was actually an IFBB mystery America. And he actually had a pretty incredible physique for that era. And then of course you had George Friend who was a hammer thrower. You had John Cole who was an AAU weightlifter. Then of course you had the winner Bruce Willham. So Bruce Willham was a Olympic weightlifting champion. And obviously the first ever world strongest man. He's actually a two-time world strongest man who had returned to win again in 1978. And this guy was a pretty massive dude. This guy was six foot two, 320 pounds or 150 kilograms. So this guy was a big guy. So not only was this lineup kind of a hodgepodge of people believed to be the best that they're given sports and the strongest that they're given sports. They really had no way of knowing what they were getting into and really had no way of training or preparing specifically for the world strongest man like we see today. The guys that compete today are strong man competitors. They know what the lifts are going to be. They know what you know. All the events are going to be and they can train for all those things at their gym leading up to the world strongest man competition. So they at least know what they're getting into. Where's these guys? It was kind of show up. See how much you can lift. See what you can do. So there were eight men in total and there were ten events in total. There was one event called the barrel lift where you basically just saw who could lift the heaviest barrel. There wasn't event called the bar bend where they basically just bent a steel rod in half. And the way they judged that was the bars got increasingly thicker as they went. So ever could bend the thickest bar was the winner of that. There's the third event called the wrist roll where they basically just lifted a hundred pounds up with a rope. Kind of an odd event. Mike Dayton won that event. You had an event called the tire toss, which as the name suggests they were tossing tires for distance. You had something called the tram pull, which is something you still see today where they're pulling an 8,000 pound vehicle. I guess that was for time. They all had to pull it 40 yards and ever pulled it the quickest was the winner. Yeah, the car deadlift, which is something that you still see today as well. I believe they did that for reps. Whoever had the most reps was the winner. And then probably one of the most interesting of all these events was an event called the girl squat. So the girl squat was kind of fascinating. They had to squat girls in a cage. So yes, they literally had girls in a cage and the men had to squat them for reps. So that's probably something you'll never see on the world's strongest man stage ever again. And then of course we have the infamous refrigerator race where you strap a 410 pound refrigerator to your back. Then you run with it. And that is actually where Franco Columbo got injured was doing that about 10 yards in. But despite that injury, Franco Columbo still managed to place fifth out of eight men at the 1977 World Strongest Man. Then of course you also had the good old tug of war. What's a better way of judging strength and an old fashioned tug of war. So that was in there. And after all these events were said and done, you had Bruce Willham and first, yeah Bob Young and second Ken Petera and third, Lou Frigno taking fourth beating his fellow body, Boat of Franco Columbo, yeah Franco Columbo and fifth obviously John Colton sixth, Mike Dayton and seventh and George friend the hammer thrower in eighth place. Now another interesting little fact about this first world strongest man is that seven of the eight competitors from the United States, only one Franco Columbo was from Italy. So obviously today we see all the competitors are from all over the world. Typically a lot of these guys are winning from other countries at the United States, but definitely in 1977 it was certainly stacked in the favor of the United States for the winner of the World Strongest Man to be an American. So this sport of strong man has certainly come a long way in the four decades that it's been around since 1977 and they've really refined things in terms of the competitions, the events, the way that they train and prepare for these events. I think the fact that there's a strong man organization where they can be pro and compete leading up to the world strongest man to qualify. And really as a practice for the World Strongest Man, I'm really makes it much better than 1977 just picking a bunch of random guys that were big. Let's see how much you can lift and then we'll name the strongest guy of World Strongest Man. It's a much more organized, much more refined way of doing it today. But I thought you guys might enjoy that video a little bit of history for you guys on Strong Man. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please go to a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink and power. Signing out.

=== FILE: Flex Lewis Announces Retirement from 212 [knGAdBugAJA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's Drunk and Power. So I hope you're having a great 4th of July. I have some interesting body-building news for you guys today coming from 212 Mr. Olympia, Champion Flex Lewis. So last night, Flex Lewis announced on his Instagram that the 2018 Mr. Olympia would be his last Mr. Olympia ever. So he's doing something kind of similar to what Leigh Hayney did. Leigh Hayney kind of retired on top without having ever lost a Mr. Olympia title in 1991 after winning 8 Mr. Olympias. So Flex Lewis is currently the 6th time to 12 Mr. Olympia Champion. Obviously the Mr. Olympia to 12 Division has not been around that long. So Flex Lewis is clearly the record holder of 212 Olympia wins. So arguably in 2018 he's going to be going for his 7th win and all likelihood he's probably going to take it. Now Flex has been one of the most dominant 212 champions in the history of the 212 Division. So I'm sure there's a lot of 212 body-builders out there that saw this post and were kind of happy about it because this really opens the door for a lot of people because Flex Lewis has been a slamming the door shut type of champion at the 212 Olympia. Other guys just really haven't had a chance against him. So I think this is really going to leave the door wide open for a lot of new coming guys to become the next 212 Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to read you guys what Flex Lewis posted on his Instagram. It was a pretty heartfelt post. So I'm going to go ahead and read this first paragraph that he posted here. So he says this has been one of the hardest decisions that I ever had to make and then come to terms with in my entire life. I've been called Flex since I was 6 years old and I've been a fan of the sports since I was 12. I joined my first gym at 15. Step on stage for the first time at 19. I traveled the world winning titles all over in one of my pro-card at the age of 23 with an undefeated amateur record. Fast forward to now at 34 and it's time to say this 212 chapter is over. I'll be finishing with my last 212 show at this year's 2018 Mr. Olympia. I won't lie and say this was easy. I have battled the fact that this will be my last show many times and I went through some very tough times and being transparent depression. I kept this all to myself. I never let a soul in. I suffered massive highs and very low lows. Still trying to comprehend last year's loss of Dallas, Macarver and then make this decision the beginning of the year. After months battling this, we'll still acting, walking, talking all over the world as a champion. Now I can say I am very at peace with my decision. Without my family, my team, coach and certain people, I wouldn't be where I am today. At one point I was very lost on direction but I know in my heart this is best for me my family and the next evolution and where I go next. I love the sport and I love being humble, driven, blue collar people's champion. I know I'll give that fan at the end the same energy as the one at the front. That's why I love it. I fucking love all of you guys. That's not cliche. It's the truth. I've been given the opportunity by the IFBB Pro League to take this sport all over the world and I have from the mainstream TV to things and countries unseen. We've grown the 212 division to where it is. You have no idea what you have given me. It's everlasting this why this year is for you to the fans. I can't wait to see you on September where I will be there to defend my title one last time. Now we do know Flex Lewis is a businessman. He's the owner and he's involved in multiple businesses. He's got his own gym, multiple different supplement companies that he's involved with. Of course he's got his clothing line. And obviously he has a family as well and he wants to focus on all of those things. But this post raised the speculation that a lot of people have been speculating for a long time that Flex Lewis would jump in the men's open. I'm going to start competing as an open body builder rather than a 212 because he's so dominant in the 212 division. It almost wasn't even competition for him. So this raises the speculation that he might in fact be pursuing men's open body building after this. Now based on this post, I don't think that's the case. I don't think we're going to see Flex Lewis pursue men's open body building. It sounds to me like Flex from the way he worded this post is done with competitive body building, you know, period. He wants to focus on other things. So I think in all likelihood we're not going to see him in men's open body building, I don't think that's what this post was about. I think he's really going to spend more time focusing on business, focusing on family. And really the fact that he's achieved everything you can achieve in the 212 division. I don't think we're ever going to see someone as dominant as Flex Lewis in the 212 for a very, very long time. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Flex Lewis's recent revelation that he will no longer be competing in the 212 division. Do you think this means it's on to men's open? Or do you think Flex is done with competitive body building as a whole? Thank you guys for watching the video and please do a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, I'm Power signing out.

=== FILE: Flex Lewis WILL be competing as a Men's Open Bodybuilder [nP20j1xiOfc].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I wanted to give you guys another update here on Flex Lewis's retirement from the 2-12 division Olympia. So essentially it looks like he is going to be doing the men's open body building division and this is coming directly from his coach Neil Yoda Hill. So on Neil Hill's Instagram he posted his own post shortly after Flex Lewis announced on his Instagram that he was retiring from 2-12. So this is what Neil Yoda Hill had to say about Flex Lewis's retirement. He said so 2018 will be Flex Lewis's last year competing as a 2-12 athlete. He's defended that title from day one where he became the first ever 2-12 Mr. Olympia. He's endlessly traveled the world, competing in different 2-12 shows and he's also traveled the world relentlessly giving back to all the fans, athletes, promoters, and the sport as a whole. Yes, this will be his last 2-12 outing comes September and Las Vegas. But he will be back at some point as a new reformed open-class body builder at some point, possibly 2020. But whenever it is maybe you will see a new level of quality, size and muscle that will allow him to finally be competitive in the open-class division. Evolution is what life is all about. So there you have it. When I read Flex Lewis's post, it sounded to me like he was done with competitive body building in general. He made some very specific points about Dallas McAverse death, kind of influencing him and contributing to his depression a little bit. He talked about his family and of course I mentioned his businesses. So it seemed to me based on Flex's post. This was kind of a definitive retirement statement saying he was done with body building due to all these factors. But it appears he is going to do the men's open-class according to his coach. So here's what I think about this. So Flex Lewis, I think he actually would have a good shot as a men's open body builder. Even though he goes and competes in the 2-12 division, that doesn't mean this guy is a 212-pound body builder. So when he weighs in at 212 pounds before that Mr. Olympia, that's just the way that he deplete himself down to to make the wands, I'd be willing to bet that by the time he carbs up and fills out and steps on stage. Flex Lewis is every bit of a 225 pound possibly close to 230 pound body builder by the time he gets to the stage. So I would say his stage weight is definitely in the 220s. So you know, looking at that, there's a lot of body builders and men's open that are 230 and 240 pound body builders. So the fact that Flex Lewis has been training all these years specifically with making that weight limit in mind. So it's constantly in the back with mind that he has to get back down to 212. So he never really gets that big in the off season. So with this new ability for him to get as big as he wants, I could certainly see Flex being from a muscle mass standpoint competitive with the men's open guys. Just because he's shorter doesn't necessarily mean he couldn't put on enough muscle to be competitive. And that is evidenced with a guy like William Bonac placing third at the 2017 Mr. Olympia or a guy like William Bonac winning the Arnold classic in the men's open division. So William Bonac is a perfect example, I think, of what Flex Lewis could possibly do if he did decide to pursue men's open body building. And this is a guy that is a six time to 12 Mr. Olympia. So I think it's certainly within the realm of possibility that he could put that muscle on. And then the coach, you know, Neil saying that he's going to wait till 2020, that's also interesting because that could appear that Flex Lewis is waiting for Phil Heath to be done. You would think within the next two or three years, Phil Heath would probably be done competing and that would leave the door open for a new Mr. Olympia for a new standard and new champion. And that would be Flex's opportunity to really make a statement. If he could come in and win the men's open Mr. Olympia assuming he wins 2017 the two 12 title, a seven time two 12 champion coming to the men's open Mr. Olympia and even placing top six or top 10 would be impressive. But could you guys imagine if he won the men's open Mr. Olympia? I mean, imagine that line up, I mean, honestly in about three years with Phil Heath gone, Flex Lewis is still a very young guy. So he would still probably be in his prime in about three years if he put on the muscle and, you know, kind of waited it out. You would maybe have big ramen, which would be a hard guy for him to beat. But other than that, you know, from a proportion standpoint, from a balanced standpoint, Flex Lewis is just a very complete bodybuilder. And I think he could beat a lot of these men's open guys. And it's not really going to be an issue of, you know, these guys are outsizing him because he's really not that small of a guy. He's just short. That doesn't necessarily mean he doesn't have the muscle mass to compete with these guys. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Do you think Flex Lewis could be competitive in the men's open body building class? And do you think that's his plan to actually compete in the men's open body building class? So let me know in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, I'm power signing out.

=== FILE: Forgotten Bodybuilder： Eddie Robinson [fs1s0XIZsmw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Render Power, so I'm gonna make a video about a forgotten body builder by the name of Eddie Robinson. Now, Eddie Robinson was a bodybuilder who's career span in the 1980s and the 1990s, competing primarily in the IFBB, but that's what we're gonna talk about later on in this video. To leave the IFBB in 1991 to join Vince McMahon's WBF or the World Bodybuilding Federation, placing fourth in 1991 at the WBF Championships, and then placing sixth at the 1992 WBF Championships. So as we know history goes to show that the WBF was not successful and they just banded in 1992, however, a lot of those bodybuilders that went over to the WBF, they still wanted to compete and they wanted to come back to the IFBB. Now, for anyone that says politics don't play any role in bodybuilding, the WBF is a perfect example of when politics came into play, is that most of these bodybuilders that were great top level bodybuilders in the IFBB prior to leaving for the WBF, when they would return to the IFBB, their careers would be nothing like they were before. And I think Eddie Robinson is a perfect example of that and that's why he's one of my forgotten bodybuilders on my forgotten bodybuilder list, is because he's really someone you don't hear people talk about as one of these great kind of classic guys, one of these great 90s guys. He's not really in the conversation with the little drones, the flex wheelers, the mic front swaths, even like the Marcus Rules, a lot of these guys from the 90s, granted flex will learn Kevin LeVrony, who run her up at the Mr. Olympia, but Eddie Robinson was still an amazing bodybuilder to come out of that era and you really don't hear a lot of people talking about him. So let's talk a little bit about Eddie Robinson's career prior to the WBF. So he would turn pro by winning the Mr. USA in 1989. And he actually had a really impressive pro debut or pro year in 1990, winning the Niagara Falls pro his first IFB show ever, placing sixth at the night of champions at that time, arguably, the second or third biggest show at that time, the Arnold Classic started in 1989. But prior to that, the night of champions was pretty much the second biggest title. So the Arnold was still relatively new back then. So he's a top six guy at one of the biggest shows right off the bat. And then at the Mr. Olympia competition, that same year he placed tenth. So top ten at the Mr. Olympia his first time ever. Again, this is something that's very hard to do as a rookie. So 1991 comes along his second year as a pro bodybuilder. Invincible man is throwing around money. That's way more than anything these bodybuilders were making over in the IFB from winning shows. Invincible man was doing it differently. He would pay you a contract just to come over and compete. You didn't even have to win the show. He would give you money just to be in the WBF. So you got to think, here's a young bodybuilder. Just turned pro in the IFBB. Didn't really make much if any money at all from the shows that he won or placed highly at. And here's Vince McMahon talking about probably hundreds of thousands of dollars that Eddie Robinson, who was a top four guy to show. Just to come compete. So I mean, it's an easy decision if you're Eddie Robinson in 1991. Let's go with the big money because this obviously looked like something that was big and promising. This Vince McMahon, I mean the WBF was huge at the time. This was the attitude era of wrestling. So I mean of course, that's a very tempting offer. And I'm sure a lot of these guys never anticipated that this Federation would fail after just two years and two championships being held. So after 1992, Eddie Robinson takes about a three-year hiatus from pro bodybuilding. And he tries to return to the IFB in 1995. So from 1995 to 1999, those next four years Eddie Robinson will be trying again to do well in the IFB. And we would actually never see him on the Olympia stage again throughout his IFB professional career during his comeback. So 1995, he did do relatively well. He placed top 10 at the Knight of Champions, placing eighth. But then some of those smaller shows would come along in 1995. Those grand prees, placing outside of the top six at both of those that year, the grand pre-franc and the grand pre-you crane, placing eighth at both of those shows. And then from that point forward, his best placing would be at this Florida pro-invitational in 1996 where he would place fourth. But outside of that, you would see him mostly placing outside of the top six. So this was a guy who went from his rookie year, placing top 10 at the Olympia winning the Niagara show to never winning a pro show in the IFB again. And really never placing top six again at any really major show. And of course the obvious never grazing the Olympia stage again. And that's why I want to make a video about this guy because although he never really placed highly during his comeback years with the IFB and I think that's the big reason why he became kind of a forgotten bodybuilder. Eddie had a really incredible physique for the 1990s. I mean this guy had the size, he had the mass, I mean that crazy, you know, granite like density to his physique that you just don't see too often. And he was just extremely complete. I mean his arms looked amazing, his legs looked amazing. Crazy mass throughout the upper body. Especially if we're talking about his earlier years, I mean he had a really aesthetic look to his physique. And the early years he really almost had some leap priests like Biceps. I mean this guy had incredible arms. And then if you look at the package, he actually brought to the WBF. I think he brought a very impressive physique to the WBF. It was just something we didn't really get the chance to see on the Olympia stage on the IFB ever again. But the fact of the matter is this guy was impressive and this guy had it all. And I think a large part of why he became a forgotten bodybuilder was just simply that association with the WBF. And the IFB kind of just never let it go. Aside from that, it appears he did have a bicep injury later on in his career towards the end of his IFB career and that kind of hindered him a little bit. But for the most part, I think this guy's just an incredible bodybuilder, left the IFB and they weren't too happy about that. And as a result, I mean his legacy didn't really live on that strongly as being this remembered bodybuilder from the 90s. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick Strengthen Power signing out.

=== FILE: Forgotten Bodybuilder： Petar Celik [8CPOVOcZU3c].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power. So I'm going to make another forgotten bodybuilder video. In this time, this video is going to be about a bodybuilder named Peter Selich. So it seems like the more forgotten bodybuilder videos that I do from bodybuilders from the 70s, the more bodybuilders that seem to come up, that have these very long careers in bodybuilding spanning four or five decades even. And Peter Selich is one of those. Beginning his competitive career in 1975 and competing all the way up until 2012, where he was in the 60 plus category at the age of 62. So some of these photos you're looking at right here is Peter Selich in his 60s. And then some of the older photos obviously are going to be Peter Selich. During the golden era and primarily in the 80s. So as is the case with most other forgotten bodybuilders, the primary reason that Peter Selich isn't that well known is because he didn't really come compete that much in America. Specifically, he didn't have much of a career in the IFBB. And typically the most well known golden era bodybuilders are either going to be from the IFBB or possibly even NABBA. Now even though Peter Selich didn't primarily compete in either of those federations, he still had a very impressive physique for the golden era. Specifically his conditioning and vascularity was arguably one of the best from the golden era. Again, the golden era guys are all great. They were smaller guys than they were today. But the conditioning, there were very few guys that really had that crazy shredded lean conditioning and that crazy vascularity. And I believe Peter Selich was one of them. Even though again he was a smaller guy. He didn't have as much muscle mass as a guy like Arnold Schwarzenegger. But his conditioning was certainly one of the best of that era. So I'm going to go through some of Peter Selich's titles here. He has over a dozen titles under his belt, a dozen major titles under his belt. Starting with the 1975 Yugoslavia Championships, 1976 Slovenian Championships, 1980 he won the Serbian Championships. Fast forward to 1994 almost 15 years later he would win the Yugoslavia Championships again. Fast forward to 2003 almost 10 years later he'd win the WFF World Championships in the WF European Championships in 2004, IVF A World Championships. Fast forward to 2010 or if you would have a crazy competitive year the Navinational Championships, the IFBB National Championships, the IFBB World Cup and you also won the WFF Mystery Universe Competition. And then he would win the IFBB World Championships in 2011 and 2012, 2012 being the better of the two years, winning both the Masters 50 plus category and the Master 60 plus category at the 2012 IFBB World Championships. So Peter Selich's competition weight in his younger years was about 213 pounds on stage or 97 kilograms with 19 inch arms or 48 centimeters and only a 34 inch waist or 86 centimeters. He has currently 68 years old and a couple other interesting facts about him. He actually became the IFBB president for Yugoslavia in 1977 and he has most known for winning a total of 10 World Championships over the course of his five decades spanning bodybuilding career. So currently at 68 years old he is the owner of a gym called Fitness Club Peter Selich. And here's a photo of Peter Selich. Now at age 68. So very impressive bodybuilder from the Goal Nera. Another guy that's just really inspirational in terms of the fact that he was able to maintain these gains over the course of a very long period of time. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Francis Benfatto age 60, still got it! [QCPgo0fB_JY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so today I want to talk about another bodybuilding legend Francis Ben Fanto, aka Mr. Symmetry and specifically I want to talk about his ability to seemingly defy age. I mean this guy is 60 years old and he still has an incredible physique. And this is something that we seem to see more and more with the smaller guys with more classic physique and lines and not so much the mass monsters. Francis Ben Fanto being a guy that only weighed between 205 and 215 pounds on stage during his competitive career and he still maintains a very impressive physique even to this day. Now Francis had an incredibly long and storied bodybuilding career and then 1980s, 90s, 2000s and even as recently as competing in the 2012 Masters Mr. Olympia competition. Now Francis is probably best known for the title's one earlier in his career when he was younger. The 1982 Mr. France competition and the 1985 Mr. Universe competition and later on in his career during the 90s, his best placing at the Mr. Olympia will be seventh place in 1991. Now as you can see from these classic photos of Francis you can tell why they call it him Mr. Symmetry. His proportions and the balance of his physique was really his strong point in competitions. Not so much being a mass monster or a guy with a crazy amount of muscle but the lines are proportion in the symmetry where the strong points that really propelled him to victory and really high placing in many of the shows that he competed in. Now he would actually suffer from a peck tear later on in his career which would throw off the balance in symmetry of his physique and he would make a comeback at the age of 48 years old in 2006 to compete at the Australian Grand where he would actually do pretty well for a 48 year old guy competing in the open division placing sixth at that 2006 Australian Grand Prix again at almost 50 years old. Now unfortunately for Francis Ben Fato he really began to hit his stride in the early 90s. He signed his deal with Joe Weater in 1990 and Joe Weater told Francis that that 1991 Mr. Olympia where he placed seventh would be Francis' year but unfortunately for Francis as we all know the 1990s era of bodybuilding would become heavily focused on muscle mass and many mass monsters would come out of the woodwork in the 90s and start placing very very well including guys like Dorian Yates, Paul D'Alet, Nasrale, some body, Ronnie Coleman towards the end of the 90s. So the days of a smaller proportioned balance guy with good lines winning big shows like the Mr. Olympia those days were starting to come to an end and a whole new era in bodybuilding was starting to begin you know really right when Francis Ben Fato was at his best. Now currently Francis Ben Fato is 60 years old and the most recent posing video of him came out just about a year ago where he was 58 or 59 in this particular posing video looking absolutely incredible for a guy pushing 60 years old and one of the things that you tend to see with these guys that get older and still have these great physique is that really focus heavily on their posing and practicing hitting poses in that perfect classical way and that's one of those things that you can see with Francis Ben Fato in this video. He places a heavy emphasis on slow, very controlled and very artistic posing and this is something that I think you saw with Roy Lidlmire in the video that I did a day ago about Roy at age 62 still posing and still maintaining a very great classic looking physique. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up if you want to see more then and now videos on bodybuilders with classic physique that we're able to maintain them up until their later years. So thank you guys for watching the video next time of power signing out.

=== FILE: Franco Columbu： The First Under 200lbs Mr. Olympia [w7nC_NVrj-s].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys Nick here with Nick's on the power so I've done a lot of videos on past Mr. Olympia winners but I realized that I've never really done an in-depth profile on just Franco Colombo so I've done some videos where I've mentioned him and mentioned some things about him but I've never done a video specifically on Franco. Franco Colombo is actually one of the more interesting Mr. Olympia winners being the first Mr. Olympia ever to win the under 200 division at the Mr. Olympia and then also win the overall at the Mr. Olympia and that would be at his first Olympia win in 1976. Now I would say his successor in 1977 in Frank Xan would get more credit for being the main guy that would frequently win the under 200 division and then win the overall the Mr. Olympia Frank Xan winning the under 200 and 7778 in 79 and also winning the overall in 7778 and 79 so when people think of body builders that were smaller guys winning the under 200 but being able to beat bigger guys and win the open overall at the Olympia I think they typically think of Frank Xan in the classical sense instead of thinking of a guy like Franco but Franco was actually the first one to ever do it Now many people are probably familiar with Franco through his association with Arnold Schwarzenegger both of whom who immigrated to America in the late 60s hoping to become body building superstars and live out their dreams over in America Franco Colombo coming from Sardinia Italy and of course you have Arnold Schwarzenegger who was native to Austria Now 1969 Arnold and Franco were working together in America They were being paid by Joe Weedor about $80 a week and it allows us to allow them to work out and be signed under contract with Weedor I'm in addition to that they started a brick-lang business together in California which they called European brick works and this was back in 1969 and that's really where the friendship between Arnold and Franco began was as a business partner and a training partner and that would extend all the way through the filming of pumping iron in 1975 following both of their journeys to the 1975 Mr. Olympia So keep in mind by the time pumping iron was filmed they had been living together in California for about six years Now there are many famous scenes in pumping iron and many other videos and photos of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Franco Colombo training together That's one of the main things they were known for their friendship but also the fact that they were training partners at Goldschim Venice back in the late 60s and early 70s Now the most fascinating thing about that was that even though Franco Colombo was much shorter than Arnold standing about five foot five inches tall and much lighter than Arnold Typically weighing somewhere in the one 90s on stage He was actually much stronger than Arnold and he was actually a very accomplished power lifter Now it's also worth mentioning that prior to the power lifting and the body building He was actually a champion body builder in his younger years over in Italy So all around Franco Colombo was a very genetically gifted athlete No matter what it was whether it was boxing power lifting body building or strongman competition Which I will get to later in this video So let's go into house-strong Franco Colombo actually was So these were all lifts that were recorded at a body weight of 185 pounds This is going to be his best power lifting lifts of the bench press the squat and the deadlift and it's important to note every single one of these lifts Is higher than Arnold's best lift in all of these lifts so if you want to see my video on house-strong Arnold's horse and eggor was I've got that video on my channel as well Where I go into detail about house-strong Arnold was compared to Franco But go check that video out if you want to see that but house-strong was Franco He had a 525 pound bench press or 238 kilograms a 655 pounds squat or 297 kilograms He had a 750 pound deadlift or 340.2 kilograms and that was in competition official lift But claiming in training sessions he had lifted well over 780 pounds or 353.8 kilograms but those weren't reported in an official meet So we're not really counting that but again all of these lifts were done at a body weight of only 185 pounds So pound for pound Franco was a very strong and very impressive body builder slash power lifter But let's get back to the body building here for a minute So in 1976 would be the year that Franco won his first Olympia and that would be the first year at the Olympia that Arnold's horse and eggor did not compete retiring in 1975 to pursue an acting career in Hollywood as we know Arnold would return in 1980 and we would see a similar circumstance with Franco Columbo when he would win his second Mr. Olympia in 1981 So after winning the 1976 Mr. Olympia Franco would take a short hiatus Actually a relatively long hiatus from the competitive stage Beginning with his surprise entry in the 1977 World Strongest Man competition Now in 1977 that was the first ever World Strongest Man so I've covered this before on the channel as well But back in those days there was no strong man organization that fed into The World Strongest Man they basically went around and chose from just various sports where you would think that the person competing in that sport would be strong They would take like the biggest strongest guy from each respective sport They would take the biggest body builders like Luke Fragno or Franco Columbo The biggest football players of that era the biggest pro wrestlers of that era They would take Olympic weight lifters Olympic power lifters And I'm gonna take all these guys It's kind of a hotge podge of competitors and throw them into the World Strongest Man competition So it's exactly what happened in 1977 with Franco Columbo Even though he was much smaller than pretty much every other competitor He was able to place fifth out of eight guys Despite the fact that he was severely injured during the competition There was an event where he would carry a refrigerator on his back I'm enduring that event he collapsed with a refrigerator and essentially severely injured his leg in the process So from 1977 to 1981 you would not see Franco on another bodybuilding stage until that 1980 One Olympia now again many people will say this is one of the most controversial Olympia wins in history Because compared to previous versions of Franco 1981 Franco wasn't the best Franco we had ever seen And one of the reasons for that was the hiatus Another reason was the reason for the hiatus is leg injury His legs certainly weren't up to par in 1981 compared to how they used to be and we think the leg injury was a major reason for that But unfortunately for Franco one of his main competitions in 1981 was the legendary Tom Plats and of course Tom Plats is known for having some of the best leg development bodybuilding history So to go against the guy while you have an injured leg or a recovering leg that's just not the same To go against the guy like Tom Plats it's not gonna look good for you Now another reason why a lot of bodybuilding fans tend to find the 1981 Mr Olympia decision to be somewhat controversial is the fact that Franco Colombo had significantly visible Gina-Commastion stage now if you guys don't know what kind of commastia is Without getting too scientific for you guys it's basically the puffiness around the nipples that you can see on Franco Which is a side effect of anabolic use and recovering from anabolic use That's essentially what causes it In addition to the lackluster legs and the guy in a commastia Arnold Schwarzenegger who was clearly Franco Colombo's best friend pretty much the entirety of his bodybuilding career was one of the promoters of the 1981 Mr Olympia So a lot of people think that due to Arnold's influence over the Olympia judging panel in the Olympia promotion That's a large reason why Franco ended up winning some possible politics and rigging playing into that decision as Resort of Arnold Schwarzenegger's involvement So history will show that Franco Colombo did win the 1981 Mr Olympia defeating Chris Dickerson who took second place Tom Plats who took third Roy Callander who took fourth and in my opinion the most controversial placing of this show was Danny Padilla Placing fifth and I think this is one of the most impressive versions of Danny Padilla that we ever saw And you can see him in the call out for the top three comparing to Franco Comparing to Tom Plats comparing to Chris Dickerson and even though Danny Padilla is a much smaller guy I think he compares very favorably with most of these guys that placed above him So I think that placing of fifth place in my opinion the most controversial decision of that show So aside from his 1976 and 1981 Mr Olympia wins Franco Colombo essentially won every other title In the bodybuilding world except for the Mr America he won the Mr Universe Multiple times the Navib Mr Universe and the IIPB Mr Universe as well as the Mr Europe and the Mr World Winning both of those titles multiple times as well So Franco Colombo is still alive today in fact this past year at the Arnold Classic Expo I actually met Franco Colombo Probably one of the biggest honors that I've ever had in terms of bodybuilders that I've met over the years I've never had the opportunity of meeting Arnold Schwarzenegger The meeting Franco Colombo for me was pretty much on par with meeting Arnold so he is 76 years old He is currently a licensed chiropractor and he will most likely forever go down in bodybuilding history as the original giant killer Because he did win that first under 200 and then overall Mr Olympia title in 1976 but it's also important to note that 1974 Does the first year ever there was an over and under 200 division at the Mr Olympia and Franco was also the first ever winner of the under 200 category period Now in addition to bodybuilding power lifting strongman and boxing he actually did have several movie roles Thanks to Arnold Schwarzenegger obviously the first of which being stay hungry in 1976 He was also in pumping iron of course Conan the barbarian the terminator running man last man standing And various other Schwarzenegger movies where he had little cameos So he was also slightly known for his acting and addition to that he's also the trainer of many celebrities the most famous of which Being so vester Stallone who he prepared For several of the rocky and rambbo movie so the the best physique that Stallone ever had Was really a result of his training with Franco Colombo and as a result of that training here become very good friends Life long friends actually was Schwarzenegger and Franco So that's the video guys. I hope you enjoyed it and maybe learn a little bit about bodybuilding history and a little bit about Franco that you might not have known before So please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Make sure you check out my other videos about bodybuilding history on this channel Thank you guys for watching next time of power signing out

=== FILE: Frank Zane VS Arnold Schwarzenegger [eEmdCknvjjk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time The Power. So I'm going to make a video about the Arnold Schwarzenegger and Frank Zayn rivalry. I think this is one of the most fascinating rivalries in bodybuilding history because it's a clear example of size versus conditioning. In the fact that Arnold was nearly 40 to 50 pounds heavier than Frank Zayn on stage, but there was still an occasion where Frank Zayn would defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger. So one of the points I wanted to get to in this video is when a lot of people think of Arnold's famous rivalries, they tend to think of Arnold versus Sergio Oliva, or maybe even Arnold versus Lou Frigno as seen in Pumping Iron. But the interesting thing here is Arnold versus Frank Zayn actually predates his rivalry with both Lou Frigno and Sergio Oliva and also post dates. The rivalry of Sergio and the rivalry with Lou. So Frank Zayn's bodybuilding career actually goes a little bit further back than Arnold Schwarzenegger's. Frank Zayn was competing starting in 1961 with his first show ever being the Mr. Pennsylvania competition. And Arnold Schwarzenegger was starting competing about 40 years later in 1965. Now throughout the 60s, Frank Zayn was able to obtain a title that Arnold Schwarzenegger was never able to obtain and that would be the Mr. America title. So Frank Zayn would win that title three times in the 1960s, specifically the IFB Mr. America and not the AAU Mr. America. He would win that in 1966, 1967 and again in 1968. So the year 1968 would bring us to the year that the rivalry between Frank Zayn and Arnold Schwarzenegger started. Now again, Arnold would not appear at his first Mr. Olympia competition until 1969. So this actually predates any of Arnold's Olympia wins and any of his Olympia rivalries which would include Lou Frigno and Sergio Oliva. Now at this point in time, Arnold had only been beaten once on a bodybuilding stage. Now history will show that Arnold has only been beaten three times total on a bodybuilding stage. Now the 1968 IFB Mr. Universe would be one of those times. So in 1968 Arnold and Frank Zayn would go head to head. Arnold was much bigger than Frank Zayn, much fuller, much rounder. And again, just much bigger overall. But Frank Zayn was so much more conditioned than Arnold that despite being much smaller than him, he defeated Arnold and Arnold was expecting obviously to win this Mr. Universe. So this really sent Arnold back to the drawing board and it put Frank Zayn on the map for beating this guy that was significantly bigger than him and it really started the trend and set the bar higher for guys like Arnold. Okay, if we're going to win shows, we've got to have better conditioning. Clearly conditioning is something they're looking for. This Frank Zayn guy is beating guys that are significantly bigger than him because it's conditioning is so crazy. So it really set the bar higher for Arnold and then when he would make his first Olympia appearance in 69 and then into the 1970s, he would have much better conditioning than the conditioning that you would see from him throughout the 60s. So in my opinion, losing to Frank Zayn actually made Arnold a much better bodybuilder because after that defeat, he actually really never saw Arnold come in with conditioning that was off from that point forward. He had actually looked pretty well conditioned at every Olympia appearance he would make. And of course the following year Arnold would finally nap that IFB Mr. Universe win in New York in 1969 and that same year he would also win the NABA Mr. Universe over in London. And then in 1969 Arnold will compete in his first Olympia taking second to Sergio Oliva then in 1970 that would be the beginning of the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger which would last six years then of course he would come back in 1980 which I'm going to talk about in a minute because that's where the rivalry between him and Frank Zayn culminated was at that 1980 Mr. Olympia. So as I mentioned before Arnold would start competing in the Olympia in 1969 and he would compete through 1975. And Frank Zayn would begin competing at the Olympia in 1972. So despite the fact they were competing at the Olympia at the same time, the really fascinating thing here is that the two of them would actually never go head to head on the Olympia stage during that entire time from 70 to 75 where Arnold was competing because at this point in 1972 when Frank Zayn finally came over to the Olympia, they had implemented the over 200 and under 200 categories at the Olympia. So what this meant was everybody under 200 pounds of compete and then there would be a winner of that division. Everybody over 200 pounds of compete. There'd be a winner of that division and the winners of the both divisions, the over and under they would go head to head for the overall Mr. Olympia title. So from 1972 to 1976 Frank Zayn actually never won the over 200 division so he never had the opportunity to go head to head with one of the over 200 guys like Arnold. So even though they competed the same years, they didn't compete against each other those same years. So Arnold would retire in 1975 and then Frank Zayn would go on to play second at the 1976 Mr. Olympia in the under 200. Then from 1977 to 1979 he would win both the under 200 and the overall Mr. Olympia titles for three years in a row going into the 1980 Mr. Olympia. So the 1980 Mr. Olympia will probably go down in history as one of the most controversial Mr. Olympia's ever. If you guys want to see a more in-depth video on that, I've done a video on it called the most controversial Olympia. I mean, that's got close to a million views. So go check that out if you want to see more information about the 1980 Mr. Olympia. So in 1980 this would be the first time since 1968 that Frank Zayn and Arnold Schwarzenegger would go head to head. So it had been 12 years since these two guys were compared against each other on stage since that 1968 Mr. Universe competition. Many people expected the competition was going to be very, very close between Arnold and Frank Zayn because obviously Arnold was away in Hollywood while Frank Zayn was busy winning three Mr. Olympia titles. So many people thought this would kind of be a shoe and for Frank Zayn to win his fourth Mr. Olympia. But unfortunately Frank Zayn would have to recover from a life-threatening injury while training for this Olympia. But on the same token Arnold Schwarzenegger would only train for this Mr. Olympia for eight weeks. So not only did Arnold Schwarzenegger win the 1980 Mr. Olympia, but Frank Zayn would not take second, but he would take third. So Chris Dickerson actually beat Frank Zayn. Arnold Schwarzenegger beat Chris Dickerson. So the three-time Mr. Olympia going into the 1980 Olympia not only lost his title, but he moved all the way down the third despite the fact that he still looked pretty good. So Frank Zayn was actually so upset about this decision. He actually was said to have thrown his trophy against the wall backstage and broke it. And him and several other body builders boycott at the following year as Mr. Olympia and did not attend and did not compete. So in 1981, you would not see Frank Zayn, you would not see Boyer Co., you would not see Mike Menser. And that would be the year Frank O'Kalumbo came back and won his own Mr. Olympia. So really over the course of a 12 year rivalry, there was only two competitions where they actually went head to head. In 1968, Frank Zayn took the win of the Mr. Universe and a 1980 Arnold Schwarzenegger took the win of the Mr. Olympia. So I'm going to leave the voting up to you guys, which do you prefer Frank Zayn or Arnold Schwarzenegger since they are kind of tied one Mr. Universe versus one Mr. Olympia? So which physique do you guys prefer? Which bodybuilder do you guys prefer? Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Golden Era VS Modern Bodybuilding [flc-L_XzYEo].txt ===

What's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power zone. This video I wanted to compare the golden era of bodybuilding with the modern era of bodybuilding. Now of course there's a lot of things that I prefer about the golden era of bodybuilding to today's bodybuilding but there's actually a lot of things today that they are doing better and they did back in the 60s and 70s. Typically I think the changes made to the Mr. Olympia competition over the years specifically how you qualify for the Mr. Olympia is one of the biggest changes between the golden era of bodybuilding and the modern era of bodybuilding. I think it was actually a change that happened for the better. So in the early days of bodybuilding and in the early days of the Mr. Olympia competition Joe Weeder actually initially created the Mr. Olympia as a place for Mr. Universe competitors or Mr. Universe winners to compete and win money. So in the early days the only way to qualify for the Mr. Olympia was to be a winner of the Mr. Universe. So in many cases in the 60s and even the 70s there were Mr. Olympia competitions with three two or even only one competitor where the only person that showed up was the one that won at the Olympia. So a lot of those early years you could count the number of competitors on one hand and in some cases on one finger and that's one of the things that has changed dramatically over the years up until today's Mr. Olympia which I think is for the better in some cases you see you know 25 to 30 guys on the Olympia stage today there's much more ways to qualify and because of that I think the Mr. Olympia is much more interesting today and much more competitive today than it was back in you know the 60s and 70s. So to give you guys a little perspective on that in Arnold Schwarzenegger's first six Mr. Olympia wins from 1970 to 1975 when he would retire from bodybuilding he would only beat a total of seven different competitors to win those six titles. So some of the more recent years at the Mr. Olympia and one year there's three to four times that many competitors at the Mr. Olympia. So over a span of six years Arnold only had to be seven guys where's a guy like a Phil Heath or Ronnie Coleman might have to be 20 or 25, 26 just to win one show. Now of course that would change as time went on and Arnold came back in 1980 to win the Mr. Olympia and in that competition there were 16 competitors bringing Arnold's total to 20 total different competitors that he beat over the years. Now I'd say the main reason for this change number one more bodybuilders overall interested in bodybuilding and competing in bodybuilding thus more pro bodybuilders but also the way that you qualify for the Mr. Olympia today. So of course you automatically have the top five from the previous years of Olympia qualifying for the next years of Olympia then of course you also have the winner of each contest. So if you win a pro show you qualify for the Mr. Olympia and as we all know there's quite a few pro shows out there. So winning a pro show constitutes the vast majority of the people that you're going to see in the Mr. Olympia lineup today then you also have the opportunity for a select few guys the top three in the point standing so if you can compete a lot during the course of the year and whatever show it is really as long as you're placing and earning points with those placing you could technically qualify for the Olympia on points. So modern bodybuilding is not all bad. Of course I am a fan of the golden era and a lot of people look back to the golden era as the best time in bodybuilding but I think having the Mr. Olympia going from you got to win the Mr. Universe to compete at the Mr. Olympia. Having all these different opportunities for bodybuilders different paths for them to get to the Mr. Olympia. I think it's a much better way leads to a much more competitive lineup and overall is better for the Olympia in general. And then of course another major change from the golden era bodybuilding to today would be the fact that there's no rival organization to the IAPB really today. There's nothing really on the same level or even close to being the same level as the IAPB today. Whereas back in the day you had NAVA you had the AAU you had multiple other venues for professional bodybuilders to compete that weren't the IAPB and you don't have that today. So the IAPB is kind of a bodybuilding monopoly so to speak today. I don't know if that's for the better or for the worse that is one major change between the golden era and today. And of course back then you had the Mr. America titles and the Mr. USA titles. Both of those were under a different organization than the IAPB. Whereas today the Mr. America has became NPC Nationals and the Mr. USA has become the USA the NPC USA's. And as we know the NPC is the organization that basically feeds into the IAPB. So both of those competitions the Mr. America and the Mr. USA are gone and now fall under the banner of the NPC with the USA's and the Nationals. And then of course we have the main comparison that people like to talk about and that is the caliber of competitor from the 1970s the golden era bodybuilding versus the caliber of competitor today. And I'll say the primary difference between these two types of physics is going to be number one the type and amount of drugs that is used in bodybuilding because back then they did not have growth hormone they did not have peptides really they did not have insulin they basically had the basics and today you know obviously you know sports enhancement technology has you know vastly improved and evolved to the point where these guys have these crazy stacks and these guys are taking all kinds of stuff and back then it was really really simple and the knowledge of nutrition back then also was very very simple. Especially compared to the point that nutrition has gotten to today and as a result of this the main difference that we're seeing in the physics of the guys today and the guys in the golden era are that the physics today are simply bigger and whether that's a good thing or a bad thing I'll let you guys decide that a lot of the physics today are very impressive physics very muscular physics very heavy physics very thick very dense just a lot of size there and back in the day there's a lot more emphasis on lines structure aesthetics and posing and size wasn't necessarily that big of a factor of course they want to they want you to be one of the most muscular guys on stage if you're going to win one of these competitions whether it was back then or today but back then you did have a guy like Frank Zane winning three-mister Olympias against guys that were bigger than him you did have the over 200 and under 200 division at the Mr Olympia back in the and one of the things that I think was good about that separation is the guy that won the over 200 and the guy that won the under 200 would then go head to head for the Mr Olympia title and so they would win their technically weight class then they would go head to head for the technically overall title of Mr Olympia and of course Franco Colombo had the opportunity to do that 1976 giving him the overall victory at the Mr Olympia so not only did smaller guys win these shows but a large reason why they did was because they were given the opportunity to compete against someone that was obviously bigger than them and I thought that was a cool dynamic to the Mr Olympia back in the day compared to now of course nowadays you have two-12 bodybuilding but the winner of the two-12 and the winner of the men's open feel heath and flexed Lewis they don't go head to head for the Mr Olympia title so I thought that was a cool thing that they did back in the day I'm that you're just not going to see anymore so that brings me to another interesting point that I wanted to bring it up and that was about the posing back in the golden air bodybuilding I did mention that I thought the posing was better back then but I actually think that was out of default because back then like I said there were fewer competitors so the time that you did have on stage as a competitor was much more important it was much longer you had to make a much bigger impression and you had more time to do so keep in mind if the Mr Olympia is the biggest show of the year and you have two or three guys competing think about how important each of those three guys poses is because they want to stand out I mean there's only three guys on stage they want to give the audience a good show so nowadays when you have 20 25 30 guys in a division they don't have as much time to pose number one so I think the posing for those guys is a lot more rushed and they don't only have the opportunity to present themselves the same way the guys in the golden air did but again bodybuilding is very subjective it's all opinion based so whether you prefer the golden era of bodybuilding the physique back then or the physique's now nobody's really right or wrong I mean both physique's you could make an argument that either one is better because again it's very subjective and it's very opinion based and everybody has their own opinion on what they like in bodybuilding and that brings me to the final and what I think is probably the most important difference between the golden era of bodybuilding and the modern era of bodybuilding and that is social media back in the golden era fans really didn't have that much opportunity to interact with their favorite bodybuilders they had to write them letters or send them fan mail the accessibility just wasn't there and I think as a result bodybuilding remained a very niche sport for a very long time it's only a select group of you know hardcore fans that really followed bodybuilding and went to bodybuilding shows and went to whatever meet and greet there might have been and bodybuilding stayed very limited because it wasn't really so much in the mainstream eye and I personally think social media today is the reason why body building has blown up to the point that it has there can be channels like mine or a Louis Marko or an RX muscle channels that cover bodybuilding and this is the reason why I think the magazine's died and that's a major difference between you know the golden era and now is these guys in the golden era we're banking on getting a magazine contract or being on the cover of a magazine or being featured in a magazine advertising a product where as today the landscape has completely shifted and these guys the focus of being a bodybuilder is how can you best market yourself on instagram on twitter on facebook on youtube how can you get the most followers and get a supplement company dispenser you based on how many followers you have and again you can make an argument for whether or not that's good or whether not that's bad but I think overall social media has been good for body building it's provided a lot of opportunity to reach new fans and to reach the mainstream I think channels like mine and bodybuilding channels in general that cover bodybuilding are great for bodybuilding I get comments all the time on this channel saying hey you know I had no interest in bodybuilding before I saw one of your videos I click subscribe and ever since I've been watching you know all the coverage that you do on bodybuilding competitions and I developed a fascination with the sport of bodybuilding now I watch every single show and I know the winners of you know the new York pro or the Toronto pro or any given small show whereas before your channel I didn't even know what the Mr. Olympia was so I think social media now has brought bodybuilding to an entirely new audience because a lot of new people can be exposed to it via social media and I think that's great for the sport more fans is more revenue and I think that's going to lead to a better IFB be a better Mr. Olympia as a show and a better quality of competitor in the long run. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below which do you think was a better time for bodybuilding in general and I'm not just talking about the quality of the physique I'm talking about the organizations the competitions and the level of competition in general so let me know in the comment section below please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of a power signing out

=== FILE: High School Senior Bench Presses 700lbs [_T2WuAnutmY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So a week ago I published a video titled The Strongest High Schoolers of 2018. I made that video based on essentially a survey done by the USA Weightlifting Organization. They surveyed all these schools and they had these schools submit videos of their strongest students during the bench press, the squat, and a power clean. They tell it up those results and came up with a top 10 list for the males and the females of each school. And then they published those lists as the strongest high schoolers of 2018. So after I posted this video I had several people commenting, I'm in high school and I can bench press 500 pounds, 600 pounds, all these unsubstantiated claims. So I came up with the idea of owner to find the strongest high school lift ever, and each of the respective lifts. So in this video we're going to talk about the strongest high school bench press. And in particular the strongest high school bench press that I could find. So the best bench press that I could find performed by a high schooler. We have to go back to 2013 for that. So Matt Porsal-Tani, 18 years old in 2013, standing 5 foot 11 and weighing roughly 271 pounds. Bench pressed 700 pounds while wearing a bench shirt. So it wasn't a raw lift, but keep in mind we're talking about a 700 pound bench press by a high schooler. Now even more impressive possibly was the year before that he set the record at 570 pounds at the age of 17 years old. So he broke his own record, improving his bench press by 130 pounds in just one year's time. And unlike some of the power lifters mentioned in the strongest high schooler of 2018 video, we actually do have video events of this lift being performed. And it was done in a sanctioned meat. It was judged. It was witnessed. It was recorded. This is an official high schooler bench pressing 700 pounds. Now to put that in perspective back in 2013, the bench press world record for the raw bench press was only 722 pounds. And the biggest bench press ever with a bench press shirt was set by Ryan Kennedy in 2008. And that was a 175 pound bench press. But both of these guys that set these bench press records were guys with decades more lifting experience than this high schooler. And almost 100 pounds in some cases more than 100 pounds heavier than him. Most of them weigh in close to 400 pounds if not over 400 pounds. This kid weighing 271 pounds. With only a couple of years of lifting experience under his belt. Making this one of the most impressive high school feats of strength that I've ever seen. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about this 700 pound bench press. Please give this video a thumbs up if you want to see more power lifting videos and strength sports videos. Thank you guys for watching this video. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: High School Senior Squats 1,025lbs [SCLDce1EvUQ].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Schenner Power. I was only going to expand my series on the strongest high schoolers. A couple of days ago I did a video on the best high school bench press that I could find on a kid that bench press 700 pounds at the age of 18 years old back in 2013. Now for this video I want to focus on the strongest squat that I could find by a high schooler. This was a more recent one done in 2017. So this guy's name is Joseph Paine. Now this guy is a Texas high school student and that's interesting because the last guy that I did a video on that did the 700 pound bench press was also a Texas high school student. Joseph Paine at the age of 18 in 2017. He had a 1,025 pound equipped back squat. During that meet he was doing an IPF sub junior meet. This was a very legitimate powerlifting meet. His final lifts were a 1,025 pound squat, a 515 pound bench press, and a 625 pound deadlift. So unlike the guy in my last video that was a bench press specialist Joseph Paine has actually strong all the way around. Now at the age of 18 he stood out about a height of 6 foot 1 in just hall and weighed about 310 pounds at the time of this competition. Now some of you may be saying well that was just an equipped squat. It doesn't count because it was an a raw squat. Well at the age of 17 Joseph Paine's best raw squat was 855 pounds and that was in 2016. And then if you fast forward to 2018 so now at the age of 19 Joseph Paine is quad at 914 pounds raw as a super heavyweight power lifter. So this guy is the real deal man. It's not just about squatting equipped. He's really legitimately really really strong regardless of what kind of squat suit he's wearing. So even though the main focus of this video was his 1,000 pound squat when he was in high school. Since he graduated high school he competed most recently at the USAPL American Royal Nationals. And at that meet he were all his best lifts. So he had that 915 pound raw squat or 415 kilograms, a 440 pound bench press or 200 kilograms. And a 661 pound deadlift with 300.5 kilograms to total 2,014 pounds or 915.5 kilograms. So I would say in terms of the squat this guy is by far the strongest high school power lifter that I could find. A thousand pounds whether it was equipped or not for any high school or to do that is just a super human feat of strength. And the 800 pound squat at the age of 17 raw. I mean it just really doesn't get that much more impressive than that. Now even though this guy is a bigger guy we are still talking about some serious weight here. So despite the fact he's a super heavyweight this is still in same strength for anybody of his age. And this guy has tremendous potential. And I'm very interested to see what he's able to do in power lifting going forward. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of power signing out.

=== FILE: How Roelly Winklaar Shrunk his Waist [o2wyRjdhock].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's Run to Power, so I'm going to make a video about the bodybuilder that I feel is the most improved bodybuilder of 2018. And that bodybuilder is going to be a rolling winkler. Now, rolling winkler recently won the 2018 Arnol Classic Australia, beating William Bonak and Dexter Jackson. Now, this was a massive victory for rolling winkler's career, both in the fact that he beat two major guys the Olympia that he doesn't typically beat on the Olympia stage in William Bonak and Dexter Jackson. But also because he was arguably in the best shape of his entire career, not only was his conditioning very good, but his stomach was noticeably smaller if not a strong point compared to years ago 2014-2015, where he was famously kind of criticized and ridiculed for the fact that his stomach was so big to the point where Arnol's swords and egg are himself even mentioned it. And really even said in his victory speech at the Arnol Australia that one of his driving motivational forces to win that show was in the back was mined, all he could think of was Arnol talking about his stomach. So that was his motivation to bring it down and actually win the Arnol Classic Australia. He didn't do too bad at the Arnol Classic Ohio as well. Coming in fourth at the Arnol Classic in Columbus behind William Bonak, Dexter Jackson and Sedritt Mimilin. But his conditioning was so markedly improved in Australia. He would move up to beat both Dexter and William for an impressive victory in and of itself. But rolling winklers impressive 2018 Arnol Australia win raises two major questions. Number one, and I think this is a very fair question, and that is can-rolly winkler win the Mr. Olympia. And the second question would be, how did Rolie bring down his waist such a considerable amount in such a short amount of time? So I'm going to go and reverse order here and answer the second question first, how did Rolie winkler bring down the size of his waist? So the answer to that question, there's two answers. Number one, Rolie winkler said he spent a lot of time focusing on his posing, or he would control the gut during his posing. But number two, and I think this is the most significant factor, is the fact that Rolie winkler has been wearing a waist trainer all throughout the off season. Now there's a lot of controversy as to whether or not waist trainers actually work, but it appears in Rolie winkler's case. It has worked because there's certainly a massive difference in Rolie winkler's physique to the point where his midsection is almost a strong point for him now. To where as before, it was like a glaring criticism, but now, you know, the size of his upper body, the freaky mass that he carries, for him to have a waist as small and as controlled as it appears on stage now. That's actually a very strong point for Rolie, and it makes his physique that much more aesthetic gives him that much more of a taper, and enhances the illusion of the size of his upper body, not that he needs much illusion because he is a massive upper body to begin with. But I think that small waist is a very serious factor in determining whether or not he's going to be able to win the Mr. Olympia. So to answer the first question, could Rolie winkler win the Mr. Olympia, I think honestly it's a possibility that he could, but I think in all likelihood, he's probably not going to, and here's why, from an upper body standpoint from the front. Rolie winkler is very, very good, but there's one major flaw from the front, and that is the leg separation that he doesn't have in his quads. His quads just never really seem to have that degree of separation that seems to be very impressive. Although they do seem to carry the size, the separation just doesn't really seem to be there in Rolie's quads, and I think on stage, compared to the freakyness of his upper body, that kind of, you know, weakens his physique a little bit. And the second weak point I would say is going to be Rolie winkler's back. If you look at Rolie's back shots, in particular the back double bicep, you can see why his back is a weakness. There's just a certain degree of density, size, and detail, missing from Rolie winkler's upper back, and his lower lads really almost seem non-existent. So when you put Rolie up against a top Olympia guy, say, Phil Heath, who is, you know, basically one of the masters of the back double bicep, it's going to prevent Rolie from really winning or beating Phil Heath because he can't really win those back poses against Phil, even if Phil came in completely off, I think Rolie would have a very hard time beating Phil, just because I think nine times out of ten, he's going to lose those back shots to Phil. Now if Rolie somehow were able to bring up the size of his back, but it doesn't seem like he is able to because he hasn't so far, then I would think he would be a serious threat to Phil Heath's title, because the back I think is the major key to Rolie beating Phil. Everything else I think is pretty complete, especially considering the fact that Phil has been struggling with his waist, and Rolie seems that perfected it, that's a major point in Rolie's favor, and Rolie is one of the few guys with the upper body, the arms, the shoulders, the pecs, to rival the roundness and fullness of a guy like Phil Heath in those similar body parts. So can Rolie win the Mr. Olympia? I think yes he can, but no it's probably not likely, and how did he reduce the size was waste? Well it's simple, a waste trainer. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video, please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it, and the strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: How Strong was Rich Piana？ [3qTWdh-5sZA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video I want to answer the question of how strong was Rich Piano really? Now for those of you that don't know, Rich Piano was one of the most followed, viewed and popular body builders within the fitness industry on YouTube, Instagram, his numbers were higher than pretty much anybody else's. fitness was equal probably one of the most well known and recognizable physics in the industry. Just due to the crazy size of his arms and the tattoo's covering his body and then he would start one of the most recognized brands in the industry being 5% which really led to the movement of becoming freaky and this kind of tattoo side of body building. And he really did develop a cult following but the question is how strong was he really? He obviously looked the part but did Rich Piano's crazy physique actually translate to crazy strength. Now one of the first factors we need to look at when determining how strong somebody really was was there heightened weight and how that compares to how much it could lift in terms of relative strength to their body weight. So first we look at Rich Piano's weight as a body builder. Now even though Rich Piano was famous for his physique all the way up until his untimely death in 2017 he actually has not competed since 2009 but back when he did compete his competition weight was roughly 270 pounds or 122 kilograms. So at that body weight Rich Piano was roughly 185 cm tall or roughly just over six foot. So for comparison purposes to his most recent physique here some photos from his body building days back in 2009 he really didn't look that bad he actually looked pretty impressive. He could have been a little bit more conditioned but overall at 270 pounds a pretty impressive body builder especially for someone in the amateur ranks. But I think the most relevant number to look at here is going to be Rich Piano's off season weight because that's where we saw him most typically on his YouTube channel and when he was making these training videos where he showcased how strong he actually was. Specifically you guys might remember the series he did called bigger by the day I believe his goal weight in that series was to get to 330 pounds. So this was a guy that was able to achieve at some point a 300 plus pound physique in the off season but his typical offseason weight was about 290 pounds or 131 kilograms. So now we've got Rich Piano stats out of the way. Let's talk about how strong Rich Piano actually was. Now it's important to remember here Rich Piano was never a power lifter. He was always a guy that was training for body building and training specifically to build his physique. So the numbers that we do have for Rich Piano there's only a one rep max on one of the lifts and that is the deadlift. So this particular set of numbers comes from an interview that Rich Piano did with massivejoes.com and in this interview he gave his best lifts for the bench press squat deadlift and also the barbell curl. So for the bench press Rich Piano never claimed to have a one rep max but he did say his best on the bench press was 495 pounds or 225 kilograms for three reps. Now his best squat he claims to have been 585 pounds or 265 kilograms for a double or two reps and then of course the one rep max that he claims on the deadlift is 265 kilograms or 585 pounds on the deadlift. So a pretty impressive deadlift by Rich Piano. And the final lift given on this list I'm a little bit skeptical of this because I know how hard it is to do a heavy curl. He claims to have 275 pounds barbell curl or 125 kilograms for three reps. So almost a 300 pound curl for three reps. I don't know how realistic that number is but that is the number that Rich Piano gave in this interview. Now the other lifts I think they're very feasible and probably something that was very possible for somebody of Rich Piano's size. And I'll be also with you guys. I'm actually pretty impressed with the 585 pound deadlift by Rich Piano. Now it is worth mentioning in this video that towards the end of his career there was a little bit of controversy with people claiming that Rich Piano would bring fake weights to the gym specifically for filming purposes to make his YouTube videos look a little bit more impressive and look a little bit more intense. Now whether or not that is actually true I'm still inclined to believe most of these numbers that he gave out because he did say in that interview these were numbers that he achieved at his prime of his strength. So probably the version of Rich Piano that we saw on YouTube was an aging version of Rich Piano. It probably wasn't Rich Piano at the prime of his strength. And as we saw from those videos he was a big fan of using the cables. I'm doing a lot more isolation style movements again focused on isolating the body part and building the body part and not so much a heavy focus on achieving strength. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and found it interesting on a hope it answered the question for you guys of how strong Rich Piano was. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Interview with IFBB Pro Steve Kuclo [srvy0qa0rf0].txt ===

Alright guys, so if you guys aren't familiar with this Steve Ku-Klo, I have to be pro. He recently placed fifth at the 2018 Arnold Classic and also just won the 2018 Indie pro. So how you doing brother? Doing great man. I'm been loving the stuff you've been putting out and appreciate all the cover you got. I think that's really good for the sport, good for the fans and what you put out is really well thought out and very informative. And I think a lot of people, you don't have questions about the sport and that's why I wanted to sit down and talk to you guys and especially you and put out some good stuff. Absolutely man, I really appreciate it. I want to talk to you a little bit about your hiatus that you took following the 2016 Olympia correct? Yes. So 2016 Olympia took 16th place and from that point on you kind of disappeared for a little bit. We didn't really see you on stage until you aren't a classic. So I want to talk a little bit about why you took that hiatus and what you were busy doing. There's a few reasons. I think the main reason was probably to make improvements on my physique. It just takes time. Every time you prep for a show and you're calorie restricted, you're not going to make the appropriate changes training wise. You know, you're training suffers a little bit when you die it. So, you know, I train hard year round and I'm not one of those guys that just trained before show. So I wanted to take the time to really let my body mature. I'm 32 now which I've been competing since I was 18 and you know, I'm starting to see my body mature more and you know, and they say you know muscle maturity and I think it's just conditioning of your muscle year after year. You know, some people are generic freaks and have paper thin skin and could put muscle on like crazy, but you know, I guys at like us we got a work hard and you know, which I love to do love the lift hard. So I took the time to really, you know, put put the effort in and a gym. Make sure I was eating really good and you know, I think that was probably the biggest thing. And then we also had some business ventures going my wife and I. And we did, you know, we were on Shark Tank and we have the booty queen of parallel business that's really taken off and and that needed a lot of attention to and and anytime when it comes to prep. If you have to be 100% you know, it's all in or you can't you'll never be 100% on stage. So it was important to me to make sure that I have full focus and I decide on the Arnold and I haven't done it like the aisle Arnold yet as as my target show because to me that that's one of the biggest shows. Never done it and and it gave me the time and in the part of the year that I like to compete to kind of get ready to hopefully get that qualification for Olympia and go and click the yo. So on that same note, you were a firefighter correct and you're no longer a firefighter. So how big of a role did provotty button playing your decision to lead firefighting. That was probably the primary reason, you know, I think to be a provotty builder obviously. That you have a window of opportunity and I felt that I had to be all in in order to you know capitalize on what was a front of me. I think. You know being a firefighter I love it and I have you know of anything I miss the guys they asked me to miss it. I said, well, I don't miss being up 24 hours and and not sleeping and missing meals and stuff like that and you know, you cortisol is probably higher and there's probably you know parts of the year. And through my training throughout my years I suffered a little bit because of that. You know working for Dallas, part of our room, very busy city and it. You know, I think the the time that I have now to focus on being a professional bodybuilder in running businesses and doing stuff with my wife and I. It really just allows me the time and I was more stress trying to manage time. So it's it's a good thing. So which aspect of your physique would you say needed the most improvement between 2016 and 2018. I think one of the things was kind of balancing out my condition a little bit. And that was because my lower body was just pretty hard and fairly quick when it comes to property was just kind of conditioning my upper body more. And that came with that mutt maturity and kind of that time training and I felt like I filled out some areas a little more that you know, we're maybe a little bit behind. I think one of the things that I I hate to work, but I kind of pride myself upon as as a with my physique is a pretty balanced and a pretty symmetrical. So I don't have any glaring like super strong points like, oh, guys like all arms or whatever, but I don't feel like I have any super weak points, but I think I wanted to fill out a little bit through my back and trust and. And I was able to accomplish that and I know I still got to I think we're a hardest critics to the bodybuilders. So we have to continue to always improve and always work on striving to to get better. So one of the things that I see in the comment section the most about your physique is your calves people seem to think yeah, these great calves. So I wanted to talk a little bit about your calf training how many days a week your favorite exercises, whatever. You know what like it was kind of funny because I train calves throughout my early bodybuilding career regularly and genetically I have gifted calves my my moms side the polish side of my my bloodline has a has big calves. So they're genetically one of the body parts that just kind of there for me, but you know obviously you train them they're going to get better. So and then I went a while where I didn't really train calves and then this year I started working with Gina Davis is my trainer giving me my workouts and she she's like you're going to go to start training your calves again and I'm like okay. So I said you know I hit them twice a week. I usually hit them like after a body parts say after arms or after something is not super taxing I'll do maybe six or eight sets twice a week now and they're actually they're growing again, which which I see them and I'm like. I look kind of cool because they always seem like a pump because I'm always I'm training them now more frequently. But you can I think calves are something that's neglected in the sport and I think it's it's definitely something that completes a physique but it's cool to have some big calves too. Definitely. So what would you say is the number one thing you change to bring your conditioning to the level that it was at at the Arnold class because I got to say you were one of the best condition guys on that stage and that was certainly a standout point for you. So what would be the number one thing you switched up or that you could have you that do. I thought that was one of the things I needed to improve and bring to the stage in order to improve my placing because you know I felt like I have the tools to make it all work and. I think the biggest thing that I did this prep. You know it's very similar to what I've done before working with George Farrah he really isn't too with my body and if I was to prep myself it's what I tell people like George does what I would do about as a prep myself so I'm very confident and very trusting in what he tells me. But the you know he's very good at taking me to have enough food without overfeeding me and then not underfeeding me where I just get flat and then you're trying to play catch up with your diet. So he plays that fine line of of just enough calories to kind of hold you above water and then because obviously the goal when you're preparing is to try to maintain all this muscle we've put on and reduce the body fat and that's that's everybody's goal and I think the trickiest thing to do when it comes to the sport. But one of the other also one of the other things was that last week the peak week I think a lot of people. Kind of depend on that last week but for me I always thought I was ready going into the last week but I never really pulled a trigger enough the last. I'm going to say five six years of my body doing the career to really say eat enough to get on you know because. You get a little bit mental you get a little bit kind of man I don't know if I should eat all this it's not you know I have many this much in my in my prep and and when you're the last few days your bodies just you know your metabolism's racing. Your you're you're you know and a body that's 275 280 pounds you really have to feed the muscle because it's one that's going to be burning it but to you're trying to store like it's you're trying to fill up and fill out as they say and it just took so much food that. And then I said you know Thursday Friday going into the Arnold I said you know what let's go for broke I said I'm eating my ass off and I said we're going to. And I did I mean I eat probably you know the most food I did going into the show and it really helped my body pop I think you know it's finally full and the full right in the heart right. I'm flat I look like I'm not in shape and I've always felt like I've been in in pretty much stage ready condition almost every show. But I think that that fullness was lacking and if that lacks on me I look flat I look like. I'm not in shape you know so. That's kind of one of the things I made that made the biggest difference. So that was your first arm of a high or what did you think when you saw that line up going into the show one of the most competitive lineups arguably ever at that Arnold. I mean where you discouraged when you saw who was competing or you know it's doing the Olympia before several times it kind of it was just like okay this is an Olympia quality line up it's the top five guys from Olympia almost were there and. And it really you know if anything it made me even work harder like not going to go and innocent okay you know I could lock in a top five record lock in a top three no problem like. And you I don't think I would have the tendency to to neglect or back off my training at all but it definitely pushed me knowing you know guys like Dexter and Rolie and William and said Rick were all going to be you know in the mix it made me you know make sure I was going to be 100%. So how does you feel about your placing I think you could have placed a little bit higher honestly. I'm with you I think a lot of people are with you. You know I'm happy with the placing I think you know I love I love getting I think one of the things that really drives me as a buyability when you kind of go through all this prep and you get on stage. I really love kind of band one and out on stage getting in that call out and you know getting through the poses and I mean it's it's growing because I mean you're up there the lights are hot. You know everybody's depleted and and dehydrated and everybody's you know kind of hurt and but to me it's like who's got enough heart it's like at that point it's hard. It's not necessarily who's the best it's like man who's ready to pose and give it your all squeeze your heart and to me that's what. That's one of the most enjoying things to to getting into competing is that so getting that first call out was huge for me. I was just super excited and you know just happy that I was able to get that call out and you know I'm not I'm not really upset at all. In a bad way to say you know I should have placed higher all those guys are amazing. I mean the things and and looked great but I know the you know next year I'm just going to keep working my way up and eventually get to the top. So the indie pro man what made you decide to do that show is the show that no one really ever heard of before it's the first year they were doing the show what made you decide to go ahead and jump in that show and pick up the win. Right right you know I thought about the Arnold Australian we were tossing that one around and I think just financially to get over there. It was just going to be you know very expensive to try to tell Australia and spend like a week out there stuff so we just decided you know what's next in the lineup and it's kind of. Like a better words kind of sucks that there's not a lot of pro men open body building shows you know I agree. I think from like the Arnold to Olympia there's maybe about seven or eight qualifying shows so it kind of it definitely puts a limit to. What you can do and be able to qualify so you have to be strategic in my opinion of what. You know what you need to do lining out your shows and even as an amateur I tell people this you know if you can do shows within three four five weeks of each other. You know you're in shape you're not kind of dragging out that condition you're not trying to hold the condition you know if anything each each couple weeks you can maybe get a little bit better. And that's what I felt I did for the indie was just kind of tweak tweak a few things you know just polish up I felt like I was even even able to improve condition a little bit and that's kind of what I felt about a whole week period going to the indie being the inaugural show. I felt like man this this could be a good show you know you don't know who's going to be competing you know you don't know if the guy from the Australia you're going to say yeah I'm going to do indie too right now. So you know I wasn't going to go in and I wasn't going in the show because I got this locked you know and even after pre judging I'm not like I'm a winner you know I'm a problem like I'm like until I got to trophy my hand it's not over. Right. So how do you feel about second place man Charles Griffin he surprised the hell out of me I think he looked great I didn't expect that at all. You know I saw a lot of videos and stuff you know comes up on Instagram your four page of Charles training and and like just do the beast you know and. I felt you know I feel like size pound for pound I could hang with anybody in the sport you know I think I'm just a bigger frame guy. I think a lot of people are when they see picture of me and then they see me personally like your way bigger and person that kind of get that all the time you know so when I get on stage I could kind of expose people a little bit and and let my structure. You know outside that person and if I have the condition to go with it. I'll be able to hopefully beat them but Charles looked great you know and I saw him backstage I'm like this dude's thick and and. You know he was up there he was battling it out and I think it was it was we had a really good top call out at that show I think those guys. There's a lot of potential a lot of them and some of those are you know contenders to really not going to door of a top 10 in Olympia. What did you weigh on stage at the end? I was pretty big you know I think I was in the mid to 70's probably 275 just 76. Okay. You know I you know I the india same deal as I did for the Arnold that I said you know what we had a formula that worked for the Arnold. Food wise and I said let's let's do it again for the india you know so I even probably being a one day show which the Arnold was a one day show but having a little bit earlier pre judging versus like. You know I think noon or whatever we were on the Arnold it you have the time things differently so obviously you know I was up real early in the morning. That of the morning of the show like 4. Yeah, you know eating a meal and trying to get two or three meals a day before I get on stage versus I kind of getting up at a normal time and then you have in the time to get on stage so you just have to just things to. You know your body and I think you know getting and and he was a great opportunity for me to showcase what I could do. So what are your plans for the rest of the year and now that you qualify for the Olympia obviously are you going to compete in any other shows or just shut it down till the oh. I'm the plan right now is to shut it down for the oh. I think you know the the prep for the Arnold in the india was was a good prep I mean you beat yourself up so I can use a little bit of rest we got a family vacation coming up to the cobble here next week and. I'm going to enjoy a little bit of downtime but I think you know I'll be ready to start really putting a focus on and and Olympia focus training you know come June and and that's kind of one of the things is is allowing. Kind of getting that qualification and then allowing the time to grow a little bit be you know right after that show. And then from there. Get ready for the out and try to bring an even improved package to Olympia so what are your expectations going into the Olympia play things wise where you see yourself realistically I know everyone goes to win but realistically where would you like to see yourself in the play things. You know my birthday placing at Olympia is knife place and. I'm going to definitely beat that but I think you know coming off the top five of you on coming off a good win kind of creates a moment for you and you know it my goal is just going to be in the top six or seven guys and. To me body building is not necessarily a sport that you know it's kind of like this this team has got a lot to the best team in the lead and win like. You never know who's who's going to show up somebody get six somebody get hurt you know that's happened a few times and so sometimes the door opens up and it's it's there for you for the taken so. I always you know I always try to be. Get 100% make sure I'm ready to do it no matter what and who shows up. I'm curious to hear a pro body but it's perspective on this so the 2017 Olympia how did you feel about the results fill he beating big ramen. I there was a lot of controversy on that and you know big ramen brought a freaky packet you have to totally different physics you know obviously you're going to judge sport. You're going to have judges are going to favor one physique over another one one kind of style over another. Romney kind of brings that freak factor that is you know kind of undeniable size like this is in this is crazy. Phil obviously brings a lot prettier physique and and that is you know he's very well conditioned he's a great bodybuilder obviously mr. Olympia seven times so. I think you kind of really have to beat the current champ versus just kind of hey I look as good or you know we were about tied they're always going to give it to the champ that way. So do you think you can beat big ramen if you come in 100% conditioned and ramen doesn't. I think if that's the case I think you know Romney's got some freak body parts no doubt but I think if I bring 100% package if the conditions there I make some improvements to not Olympia. I think it's a sure possibility I mean I'm going to believe it I'm going to talk positive I'm going to confess that I I'm going to be mr. Olympia I'm not going to train to be six plays I'm going to train to be first place. I agree with your man I think conditioning when shows in the package that you brought at the Arnold man I think that could have won you know show like the Olympia had the other guys not come in with equal conditioning. So you look great man. Thank you. Thank you man. So you are married to an IMPB pro Amanda Latona so talk to us a little bit about what that's like just both of you guys being pros. That's that I would say it's a 10 on earth you know my wife is we're like very much the same and and. The fact that we are you know she understands me almost better than I understand myself at times and and. So she understands the parts of prep in the the lack of energy and she's never like you know I want to go out how come you tired how come you're dieting like she's totally cool and I say you know I get it you know she made a lot of sacrifice to and. I'm truly blessed as a man to find such an amazing woman like we really you know we don't have arguments we're not we're not ego driven people were you know I'm right you're all kind of thing and and you know we have great communication and we it's it's true love and I think. And if anybody that follows us online knows that you know we're we're very much in love and very you know we love spending time together we have businesses together we travel together with all max and it's I think it's just I couldn't have picked the better woman. I think the say good thing to say is it true you guys actually met at the Olympia. We actually met at the Olympia yeah we. Yeah it's just kind of make it a long story short you know that there was a meet and greet night for the fans. And and I secretly I mean I think everybody in the industry had a crush in my wife at one point but you know she was a flex model the kitty search winner and. That cover that kind of one of the most famous flex covers and I remember seeing that long time ago I was like man she's she's amazing you know but I was like I never ever chance with a woman like that you know but. You know I was we were all at the meeting greet I was going to the restroom when I saw her and I was like I'm just going to stop and say hi and introduce myself and her mom was there and I actually talked to her mom for us introduced myself and. And then I she kind of turned and looked at me and she's like wow you look amazing and I was like I don't know say this but I mean. You look amazing or. So we. We kind of connected you know obviously there was like that chemistry right off the bat that you just kind of seeing someone's eyes and then. It was kind of cool girl that was in line to see to see my wife. She she's like oh my god my two favorite pros let me get a picture so to this day we're still looking for that picture that we took at the overview we met but we have a found but I think overall you know that that's set the. The framework to keep me I had pursue my wife a little bit I went overseas on a tour. I'm like I don't have a number I kind of did the bonehead thing didn't get a phone number and I was like shit what do I do. I said her Facebook message and I just ten as was just myself just cool and I said you know it's that's connecting. And she said near a number we started talking I flew out for a date for a lunch date and I said I'm going to fly in in the morning cloud at night I just want to meet you you know for lunch we would see if this is the real deal. And you know the few shots of the killer later I think we were both like you know what we would get married right now and we look at it today. If we got married our first date we would have been totally happy so. So speaking of flex magazine even on the cover of a few flex is how do you feel about the fact there's not going to be a flex magazine anymore starting in May. It's a little bit it's kind of melancholy you're like man like that's the magazine I grew up with reading and and kind of the icon of muscle magazines to me I'm actually still a flex athlete they resigned in March. And I think that knowing that they're going to be discontinuing flex but they're kind of combining what I know muscle and fitness and flexing who want so muscle is going to be muscle and fitness and they're going to have a flex section into the magazine kind of roll it in. So I think it might be a good thing you might get more exposure to kind of a mainstream audience somebody that's not you know not likely to pick up a flex that's got a muscle and fitness and saying hey this guy looks good right I could become a fan of this guy just kind of get to know some more people and that's I think. The biggest thing you can do is a bodybuilder and your own brand is to get exposure to all kinds of people and hopefully get more fans that way. So you still have the opportunity to be on the cover of a magazine like muscle and fitness or did they typically go with more downsize guys for that. I'm straight up. I hope I get a cover I think that'd be really cool I think I have a physique and I look that is could be a little bit more mainstream than freaky intimidating. That I think a guy can look at and say hey you know your goals. I don't look like that guy. You know I think we all train regardless of your in a physique competition or classic physique or bodybuilder y'all true. We all train to be as big as in baddest as we can be. You know obviously there's the genetic limitations and different things that come into that that role but I think we all train to be. But like that Arnold statue that we see or you know like I think everybody that's in a gym of seeing in Arnold picture or magazine. I don't look like that guy. So you know it's one thing to have some abs and a good chest and arm but to be a bodybuilder and have muscle all over that that's that's the beach guide cartoon you know the comic that it's everybody's goal. So you're wearing the make body doing great again sure talking to me a little bit about the inspiration for that brand. You know obviously it could be a little bit controversial but my whole point to do it was people kept saying bodybuildings dying bodybuilding you know it's going away and and physique's taking over and all this stuff and I'm like it's not dying. Bodybuilding has been always good but you know obviously with President Trump and the way the slogan has been lightly the make America great again. I was like well make bodybuilding great again. Let's let's promote it. Let's make it bigger. Let's you know put the ziques out there that people want to see and and that was kind of my my thought process behind make bodybuilding great again. So what's your role in your wife company booty queen apparel you guys run it from home and you do you help a fill orders do you come up with a zines yourself or. I am I run the back in as I said a chart. I kind of I'm more of an operations manager to where you know I kind of make sure that everything is running. I'm just about to be on the way between logistic wise that you know the customer service is you got questions or things we make sure that's going. Make sure the websites are running and updated and that kind of stuff my wife is the really the inspiration and the brains behind the brand. She does the designs and you know descriptions and the marketing and that's her so we got a really good plan you know I'm not like. I'm going to take the steering wheel and dictate where it goes and I just like enjoy the part of running the company on the back is you know and we have a great team we work with and that's you know one of the things I think. You know actually one of the guys that works for us at the health me with my social media and very queen social media. I'm going to mention his name because he's a big fan of you and he was like he was one of kind of said you guys need to do something something that's a great idea so that's why he's inspiration of why we're here right now. Thank you Austin I appreciate that man. So you guys did get a deal on shark tank did you notice a noticeable difference in the company before and after the deal with the input given by a damon or damon. Definitely you know getting out shark tank they say you have about a five the six million reached that initial bearing that you know there's a lot of people to get to see you and I think it's. It was a great exposure for us. I think that that kind of just kick starts anything you're trying to do brand wise product wise just getting on that show. But you know we we were kind of strategic of really wanting to get with like damon or lorry because they're both in the in the retail industry they both are in a peril and they would be the ones that would help kind of. Take our brand in the next level and when damon through is the offer I was like this is who we want this is great I think it's you know it's going to be it's awesome so. I'm really good job he's helped us plug into some new you know manufacturers which that's probably 70% of the battle when it comes to a a parallel company's find the people that can make which you won't want to do. I mean we're not a company that can open up our factory and do all this stuff you know we like I said we run out of our house and we have a small team that we work with then we have a warehouse and adjusted company that does our fulfillment now and we used to do it out of our house everything but as the company grows. right you discuss on economy has your wins 10,000 definitely everything that represents the market course you know enabling local restaurants cheap and the of tools that normally it is love that it has been something that actually were being able to connect to some other companies. to get the fitness industry targeted. But to get on Dr. Oz, like that would have took a lot of work. And I don't think that it would have been a lot of kind of emails and pestering, but it's, you know, Damien says, hey, I got a company I want to talk about fitness stuff. I'm going to talk about booty clean for a little bit. So it's stuff like that that he's been really helping us with. So I want to talk about cars for a minute. You've got a 2003 Cobra. So tell us a little bit about that and some of the modifications you've made to it. I know you're a Corvette guy. So I got a little more Corvette to American. To me, they're the two American badass cars. And a big fan of the vet and your car and stuff. So, you know, I've always been a Mustang guy. And when I was 18, I got a Cobra. And I was after a few years, a sold it. And it's like, well, those cars, you just never wish you sold. And for my 30th birthday, I bought a 2003 Cobra. And it's the Terminator, like one of the supercharged Cobra. It was, it's probably one of the most iconic Mustangs out there that people kind of recognize. So I'm a little bit of a need for speed and joy. It's in my adrenaline rush and enjoy some horsepower. So, you know, I had the car at about 800 horsepower. And then the motor had some issues. So I just said, you know, let's go for that thousand mark. So why not? No, it's been a process of getting in building a big single-turbo motor car. And it's going to be all of a thousand or more horsepower. So it's cool. I mean, I'm not a guy that goes to the drag strip every weekend, but I like to cruise and it's going to be a good driver. And occasionally, you know, we'll go to the strip and go test it and have some fun. Any plans to get any other cool cars in the near future? You know, I don't know. There's a lot of new Mustangs come out pretty sharp. I love the new vent that ZR1. If I had the money, I'd probably go buy that ZR1. They just came out that broke a lot of records. I have my truck, which I love. That's another vehicle. I have kind of tripped out to it's 2015, F250. And that almost makes 700 horsepower and like 1400 foot pounds of torque. My truck could kind of hang with a lot of, say stock at 5.0 Mustangs or stock Corvette. It could go nose to nose with them. So it's kind of funny when you got a 7,000 pound truck that could hang with the fast sports car. Absolutely. Well, sweet man, I know you got to get going. I appreciate you coming on. It's been a pretty good interview, man. I really appreciate it. We've got to do something else in the near future, man. Absolutely, man. We've got to do some more stuff. Again, I appreciate the content you put out, man. You're awesome. I'm a big fan of what you're doing. And I think you have a lot of fans that appreciate it as well. So keep doing it, man. I'd like to be talking to you and having friendship we have. And let's do some more stuff. Absolutely, man. I really appreciate it. Have a good trip. Yeah. You too, brother. Thank you.

=== FILE: Is Bodybuilding Dying？ [rrM6Fyojm2U].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so the question of the day is, is body building dying? So I've seen this question over and over again and I've seen this comment over and over again that body building is a dying industry body building as a sport as a pageant whatever you want to call it is dying There's even some body building YouTubers that are now switching away from making body building videos because they also claim that body building is dying So the question is body building dying is kind of a loaded question so to answer this question is body building in terms of general interest in the sport is interest in body building starting to die and the answer to that question is absolutely not Interested body building I think has actually never been higher than it is right now is the quality of the competitor starting to die. I think the answer to that question might be yes I think social media has brought more attention and more interest to body building than ever before in the history of the sport I think body building right now is really at an all-time high of interest. Do you have body builders like fill Heath, J. Cutler and Kai Green with millions? Millions of followers on social media So I say that body building is that it's all time most popular state because someone like Kai Green can have millions of followers without even having one the biggest body building show Ever the Mr. Olympia back in the 70s amongst body building fans body building was very popular Arnold Schwarzenegger was a hero the body building fans But I wouldn't say back in the 70s Lou Ferigno Arnold Schwarzenegger Serge new brai Frank Zane. I wouldn't say these guys were known by millions of people I wouldn't say these guys were followed by millions of people. I would say within the kind of cult like body building community They were very heavily followed but it wasn't a worldwide phenomenon like it is today even back when I started working out when I was like 14 or 15 going to the gym back in 2008 2009 This was prior to Instagram prior to you know Twitter prior to most social media before YouTube really took off There wasn't a whole lot of body building content out there really the only thing out there was my space a couple top body builders like Jay Cutler I think he had a mice base back in the day and I followed him on my space but back then there wasn't a whole lot of interest in going to the gym amongst teenagers and kids because there wasn't an Instagram I think Instagram right now and these body builders being on Instagram is a big reason for why going to the gym taking supplements following body building is so popular because they see it on Instagram But back in like 2007 2008 2009 when I first started working out and there was none of that I was like the only person my age going to the gym. I was like the only 15 16 year old at the gym because no one was interested in that There was only like a couple kids that were wanting to go to the gym and now all I see You know the majority of my followers on YouTube high school kids college kids Lot of young guys it's a whole movement now of going to the gym and following body building So again to answer the question is interest in the sport dying are there gonna be less fans in the future? Absolutely not I think the interest is just growing and continually growing. I think the fan base is also growing and continually growing and body building Through that is gonna get bigger there's gonna be more people buying supplements more people buying tickets more people going to expose like the Arnold classic The Mr. Olympia because they're seeing it on Instagram on social media all the people that they idolize are aspire to be whether reoffitness model a body builder men's physique guy They see these guys are gonna be at the expose So they go to the expo and maybe they see something at the expo that gets them interested in body building in general And because of that I just think body building is gonna continue to grow and just look at the numbers on a YouTube channel like mine All my channel is is commentary on body building and the history of body building And I have 200 million views on my channel 400 thousand subscribers on my channel and this is just commentary on body building So for people to say body building is dying There's a lack of interest in body building people are starting to leave the sport as fans I think there's absolutely zero truth to that whatsoever However, if you look at the other standpoint of the question is body building dying And you look at the caliber of the competitor the level of competition the types of people that are winning pro shows The types of physique that are being rewarded at pro shows Then the question is a little bit different the answer to that question could absolutely be yes because at these shows They're seeing guys place very highly with very very poor conditioning You're seeing guys being rewarded for coming in big and full and around But they also have a massive stomach and a massive gut to go with that fullness and roundness But it seems that the judges are looking for okay, you're big and full and round It doesn't matter if the midsection isn't there So I think in that regard the answer to the question is yes that attitude towards body building the bigger is better We want the most muscular guy Get his biggest possible and we're going to reward you coming full coming freaky coming massive that attitude I think is killing the sport of body building 100% And not just from a theoretical standpoint literally killing the sport of body building I mean look what happened Dallas Macarver Dallas Macarver's a young kid Obviously the sport of body building to him was about getting as big as possible I believe at one point he weighed 350 pounds in the off season If not even more than that his goal was clearly just to get massive to get big And the judges were rewarding him as shows second place at the Arnold Classic top 10 at the Mr. Olympia So clearly they were looking for a look like that And because of that Dallas kept pushing himself and he ended up dead the sport of body building Not only dying but literally killing the people participating in it However, there does seem to be an antidote to this problem and that antidote seems to be classic physique Classic physique was the answer of the IAPB to this problem specifically They wanted to draw more mainstream interest into the sport They wanted to present a healthier kind of safer, more downsized physique That was kind of a reminiscent of the 70s the golden Arab body building classic physique What some hardcore body building fans consider to be a real body building They don't really want the mass monster they don't really want the freak There's a lot of hardcore body building fans that want the aesthetic physique the old school physique Kind of a respectable well-posed well presented physique And classic physique was the answer to that problem So it's not like there was this issue of big guts, bad conditioning and mass monsters And no one was doing anything about it that wasn't the case it was actually a case of the IAPB in my opinion Actually did a really good job of recognizing this a lot of people were complaining about it a lot of people were complaining and criticizing About the bubble guts about the size and condition of these guys and saying hey, you know, this is not body building This is not what we want to see and the IAPB clearly saw those comments They clearly saw that attitude in that opinion and that was why they answered with classic physique So the question is body building dying I think the term body building in that question refers to all categories classic physique men's physique body building Two 12 body building men's open body building any of these divisions where someone is competing and showing their physique they build up over the years These are all body building these are all people who built their physique and they're competing with their physique So as a whole the industry the sport the page on whatever you call it body building is certainly not dying I think it's kind of at a stagnant point right now as far as men's open body buildings concerned and the quality of competitor seems to be going down a little bit But I think that's all going to change. I think classic physique is going to help things and I think body building as a whole right now It's only going to get bigger. There's nowhere to go but up in my opinion I think with social media YouTube Instagram Facebook whatever the next big social media side is body building is only going to continue to grow As more and more pro shows start to live stream more coverage and I'm trying to facilitate a lot of that and cover a lot of pro shows that don't live stream There shows like the indie pro Toronto pro smaller shows like that where you can't go and watch it online So I try to give you guys up to date coverage on those shows If you can't go to them or watch them live But I think as technology evolves as more of these people have the ability to live stream their shows It's going to generate a lot more interest in body building if we can watch every single pro show online So let me know what your guys' answer to the question would be in the comment section below Is body building dying yes or no? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time from power signing out

=== FILE: Is Calum Von Moger's Bodybuilding Career Over？ [UMb_RVnCB8c].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So obviously one of the biggest topics in the fitness industry right now is the calom von Moga Incident where he was doing some kind of cliff jumping and he ended up dislocating his kneecap and rupturing his quad tenement And keep in mind this is in addition to the bicep tear that he suffered I guess a couple months ago now When he attempted to curl four hundred and five pounds and conjunction with Chris bombs that's there both over You know basically what most people max deadlift would be on a straight barbell Loader with four plates on each side and they tried to curl it tandemly and the end of up tearing his bicep doing that So the main question is is calom von Moga's career over? I think the answer to that question is going to be both yes and no so yes in the regard that this leg injury the bicep injury That's probably going to put a significant setback on his intention to compete in the Olympia I mean he said before his main goal was to get to the Olympia stage and compete in classic physique So I think the bicep thing combined with his leg thing I mean this is going to be a significant hindrance to him and from a time frame standpoint I think competitively it's going to set him back significantly I'm in from a physique standpoint. I think it's going to take away from his physique tremendously in terms of his overall balance I don't know if it's something he could ever come back from In terms of having completely equal, you know one arm to the other biceps and completely equal one leg to the other quadriceps having torn one quad and one bicep I think there's always going to be some kind of visible difference on each side of his body And as we know one of the main points of judging and body building is going to be the symmetry of the physique So how even each side of the body is and how proportional each side of the body is I think that's really going to throw off his proportions and symmetry So I think whereas before he really did have potential to be very successful in classic physique I think he could have gone to the classic physique Olympia not necessarily one But I think had he made it to the classic physique Olympia in 2018 We could have certainly seen Calenvon Mogur in that top six collar I think he would have been a threat to the show I don't know that he would have necessarily won it Having it been his first Olympia. I think he would have done pretty well though He does have the classic physique structure and he has the height on his side as well Which seems to be an advantage for people that are competing in classic physique? So competitively yes, this may have ended his competitive career or potentially set him back significantly towards you know how he could have done Had he never been injured and that being said I watched a couple of videos where people were talking about his injury and I think people were being a little bit too hard on him saying You know what was he doing jumping off this cliff anyway if I were a body builder I would stick you know strictly to body building you shouldn't do anything else It's dangerous. I don't necessarily agree with that calenvon Mogur isn't strictly a body builder This guy is a massive social media person I mean honestly his career isn't body building. It's being you know on social media It's selling his clothing. It's selling his brand. It's advertising and promoting himself And obviously I will agree that you know the trying to curl 405 pounds That was a pretty stupid move when you're curling 400 pounds I mean you've got to expect there's a high probability that you could get injured but something like repelling off a cliff I think this will simply have freak accident. It's kind of silly to say What was he doing repelling off a cliff? He's a body builder. He's got to think of his body first and while I do understand that logic I mean clearly no one no one goes repelling off a cliff thinking about injuring their you know Patel attendant so people that are calling him stupid and saying he should have done it I don't really agree with that. He could have never predicted this was gonna happen He was probably he was certainly doing it for his Instagram I mean he was filming the thing and his main business like I said is promoting himself on Instagram So I don't really blame him because essentially what he was doing was a publicity stunt for his Instagram to get views to get likes to get attention I mean that was the goal and that's his business and Unfortunately for him it just happened to go severely wrong So I think from a social media standpoint his career's never gonna be over I mean he's always gonna be calmed on motor He's starting that movie bigger playing the part of Arnold Schwarzenegger I think he's probably got a tremendous career ahead of him in terms of maybe some acting or mainstream Filmmorles and he's always gonna have that presence on social media I think you know the video of him falling off the cliff alone I think that got 1.5 million views on his Instagram and just a couple of days So I think a large majority of his followers probably won't really care whether he ever competes again or not Probably won't care how good he does if he does compete again Because they follow him because he's calmed on moka They don't follow him because you know this is how he placed at this show They follow him because he's a character. He's a social media character So I think honestly he'll he'll be fine. He'll come back from this Probably not come back in a competitive sense, but as calmed on moga the social media guy I think he's gonna be fine So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about calmed on moga I mean how injury prone he seems to have been please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of power signing out

=== FILE: Is Classic Physique Easier than Bodybuilding？ [mrRACSC_38U].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So today I want to talk about the topic of classic physique being easier than body building. Now this topic has come about from both the Phil Heath interview where he's talking about. Classic physique guys are just guys that aren't cut out to be Mr. Olympia calling them weakened warrior stuff like that. But recently I saw other body builders chiming in on this other pro body builders. I'm that seem to agree a little bit with what Phil Heath was saying. And one of the videos in particular that I saw I just saw today actually. They drew the comparison that when everyone watched cartoons as kids, they wanted to be the incredible hawk. They wanted to be he-man. They didn't want to be spider-man or aquaman, the more downsized, but more aesthetic physique. So the argument that lies within that is that everyone wants to be the bigger guy but some people can't. So that's why they go to classic physique. Now honestly I do think there's a lot of truth in that. And that could be why classic physique is growing so fast. It's because a lot of guys realize, you know, they can't be that big. But in addition to that, I think the reality of the situation is the mentality is changing. I don't think it's just guys looking for an easier route. I think it's guys looking for a better route. Guys looking for a healthier route. Guys looking for a more attainable and really a more realistic route. So while I do feel like there is the potential that there's probably some guys. Potentially a lot of guys that pick classic physique because it's an easier division. They have more pro cards. It's just an easier way for them to become pro. The categories, the heightened weight, makes it easier for you to fit into that division. I understand that and I do understand the mentality behind men's open body builders thinking, well these guys are looking for an easier way to be body builders. They want to be body builders, but they can't be. And I don't think that's necessarily true. I honestly think that now the mentality starting to change because of the things that we've seen recently with rich Piana Dallas Macarver. Guys don't want to be the mass monster anymore. They don't look up to the mass monster anymore. They're still impressed by, okay, this guy's huge. Look how much muscle this guy has. But I think the days of, okay, I want to be this 400 pound monster. I think those days are starting to end. And people are looking back to the golden Arab body building and calling it the golden Arab body building. Because those are the physiques that they would really like to have. Because I firmly believe that classic physique is body building. It's the same thing. It's classic body building. Back in the 70s. Some of these guys that you see in the classic physique Olympia today, if they competed in the 70s, they'd be considered big guys back in the 70s. They'd be considered, you know, the top body builders back in the 70s. So just because body building today has evolved into what it has evolved into, doesn't mean that's what body building always has been. So I feel like the mentality is changing and people are looking back to the 70s. Like this, you know, I prefer this version of body building over today's version of body building. I mean, both of these are body building. So while it may offer some people equal to equal to equal to easier route, I think a lot of people are getting into it because they like that look. I think that's really the genuine truth to it. Is it prefer that older classic look, a more downsized look, not so much a, you know, mass monster look. They really want to look like that. That's really what they see themselves looking like. They don't want to, I mean, call me crazy, but they don't want to look like a fill-heat. They don't want to look like a big Romney. It's fun to watch a guy like fill-heat. If a guy like big Romney, a guy like Dennis Wolf, it's fun to watch these giant guys on stage. There's no doubt about it, but not everyone wants to look like that guy. And I think more and more the mentality is shifting, okay, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Frank Zane, some earbent-nute, Mike Menser, Franco Colombo, Serge New Bray. I mean, a lot of these guys were under 200 pounds, if not just a little bit over 200 pounds. Some of the guys today, like I said, man, 350 pounds in the off-season, it's just not attainable. So I think saying that a classic physique guy just doesn't work as hard as a men's open bodybuilder. They don't have the potential of a men's open bodybuilder. I think that's not true. I think there's plenty of guys in classic that could easily be a guy that weighs, you know, 275, 282, 299, beyond stage. But they just don't want to. Take Chris Bumstedt, for example, one of the top classic physique guys, place second last year at the classic physique Olympia. I mean, this is a guy with a big frame, a big structure, a taller guy. I think if this guy wanted to get into men's open bodybuilding, he certainly has the genetics to do so. This guy could be a guy that's 262, 70, on stage. But he chooses not to. It's not that he doesn't have the potential to. It's that he doesn't want to. He wants to look like a classic physique guy. He wants to be a classic physique competitor. But then again, on the other side of the coin, I can see the argument, Breon Ainsley. He used to be a 212 bodybuilder. But he wasn't quite cutting it into 12. He kind of changed up his physique a little bit to make it into a classic physique. And he was very successful in classic physique. So there's another example where I could see you could say it's quote unquote easier than bodybuilding. But I think for the most part, the mentality is the main thing that's changing. I think people want to write off classic physique and say, it's just an easier division. It's only growing because it's easy. There's only a lot of people interested in it because it's easy. And I don't think that's the case at all. I think classic physique is popular and growing because the mindset, like I've said, is shifting. And that's what people want to look like. So I get the argument. I see where it's coming from. I see what it's based in. But I think overall, the main interest in classic physique is that people are starting to want to look like that. Whereas, yeah, they might have wanted to use to look like, you know, the incredible hawk and he man, they might have seen, you know, Marcus rule back in the day, man, I want to be giant like that. But now I think they're looking back and saying, man, we don't need to look like that. That's not healthy. That's not what I want to do to my body. We can do this, do it in a more healthy way. Now granted, all admit, I mean, these pro-classic physique guys, they're taken steroids too. I mean, these guys aren't natural, men's open body builders. They're not natural either. But the classic physique guys aren't pushing their bodies to such extremes that the men's open body builders are. And I think it's really, really good for the sport because it's going to bring a lot more mainstream attention to it. It's going to look a lot more attainable. A lot of these guys, they could have crossover careers in Hollywood. They have mainstream appeal. They don't have to be this big mass monster that can't do anything else. I mean, these guys can still be active and have careers outside of body building. So let's think overall classic physique is a great thing. But let me know in the comments section below what you guys think. Do you think classic physique is just an easy route for guys that want to be body builders but can't? Or do you think classic physique is a new division? That's kind of changing the mindset. It's giving people a new standard, a new gold aim for. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you're in power, signing out.

=== FILE: Jay Cutler： ＂Kai Greene Can't Beat Phil Heath＂ [lLGvvXUz3iw].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone, a recent interview with Mark Bell on Mark Bell's Power Project podcast. Jay Cutler was asked a question about Phil Heath versus Kai Green. And they asked him if Kai Green were to come back today, does he have a chance of beating Phil Heath? And this was Jay Cutler's answer to that question. Do you think Kai can ever catch up to Phil? Not at this point. Do you feel pretty much unpredictable? He'll win eight this year and go for ten Broadway. So being a four-time Mr. Olympia, Jay Cutler obviously does have a pretty good eye for bodybuilding. And as a opinion is certainly a valid one as far as his critiques go, a pro bodybuilding. In fact, Jay Cutler predicted that Phil Heath would become Mr. Olympia before Phil Heath had even became a pro bodybuilder. So it actually raises a very valid question. We already talked about a couple of videos ago. The chances of Kai Green actually coming back being very slim because he would essentially have to get another special invitation to compete because he has not yet qualified for the Mr. Olympia. And again, placing second at the Mr. Olympia does not qualify for life to compete in the Olympia. So pretty much the only way of Kai Green competing in the 2018 Mr. Olympia would be if he got that special invitation, again, which I doubt he's likely to get. Now, however, if he were to get that special invitation and he were to come back and compete. What it even mattered at this point, if he came back to the Olympia in 2018 at his age after taking, I believe, four years off the Olympia now, would it even be Phil Heath versus Kai Green again? Would Kai Green be even able to place above a guy like Big Romney or above a guy like William Bonack or even a guy like Dexter or Sean, if Kai Green were to come back, which is again, the chances are very slim over that, would it even matter? Phil versus Kai is what everybody wants to see. That would be the primary reason for Kai coming back. And do you think that Kai Green would even be up next to Phil in that call out? Do you think they would even have him in the center of the first call out? Or do you think he would even make the first call out? Now, what Capedia lists Kai Green at 42 years old, but various reports have put him over 45 just over 40. So no one's really sure what his actual age is. It's been kind of, you know, unclear, but he is getting up there in years and his window is rapidly closing to be a threat to the Mr. Olympia. Now obviously a lot of people think that Kai Green is still holding onto that size and that muscle mass because he intends to compete again. And I think the only reason that Kai Green would want to compete at his age is to get that Mr. Olympia title before he officially retired from bodybuilding. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think if Kai Green were to come back and do the Olympia? He would even be able to beat Phil Heath and do you think Jay Cutler's right that at this point, you know, Kai Green's chances of being in Phil Heath are pretty much gone even if he came back. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power signing out.

=== FILE: Jeremy Buendia VS Sergio Oliva Jr [hyK2ympYsws].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I want to talk about what seems to be one of the hottest topics in the bodybuilding industry on social media right now. And that is the beef between Jeremy Boyne and Sergio Aliva Jr. Now, both of these two guys seem to get themselves in the middle of a lot of social media beef. I'm gonna tend to be the topic of conversation on Instagram quite often. But I never really talk about it in the video because really, I don't really ever think it's relevant. Sergio Aliva and Jeremy Boyne, D.A. have had their fair share of arguments with other competitors and guys and other divisions online. But in this particular argument, I thought they brought up two very good points of discussion here. So I think the obvious point of discussion, the first one would be, are these social media beefs and bodybuilding good or bad for the sport? Because a lot of the people that were sending me the screenshots of these conversations in the back and forth between Sergio and Jeremy were saying, man, this is a disgrace. They're cussing at each other, they're talking all ghetto. This is bad for the sport, they're bad representatives, etc. But I kind of disagree with that. I think rivalries are good. I think he did rivalries are even better. I think it makes the sport entertaining. I think it's good to have a back and forth between guys like this, especially when it generates a good topic of conversation. And the main argument between the two was about the addition of new divisions to bodybuilding, being a good or bad thing. Now I believe Jeremy Boyne Dia, he did an interview, or he was talking about how bodybuilding had been on the decline for the past eight years. And in that interview, he kind of says that men's physique, classic physique, and the bikini divisions have helped reverse that decline. That's what revived the bodybuilding industry. Bodybuilding was dying, five, six, seven, eight years ago, because it was an accepted social because the guy in the show mass it. But when the new vision of Vince Visek, when this bikini came out, it increased mainstream interest in bodybuilding, increasing the number of competitors, the size of these competitions. And of course, the number of people watching the sport as a result. Now Sergio Aliva, and I've seen this a couple times in the past, has been pretty outspoken about the fact that he doesn't really, so much agree with classic physique, being better than body building or classic physique, helping bodybuilding, or even classic physique, really being a relevant division. I believe when Regan Grimes first announced that he was going to switch down to classic physique from men's open bodybuilding. Sergio was calling him like a bikini girl, like it was men's bikini, a bikini bitch, saying that classic physique wasn't real bodybuilding, and that Regan, you know, belongs in men's open. So this is nothing new, really, a lot of bodybuilders, especially the men's open bodybuilders, have been very vocal about the fact that they feel like classic physique isn't any type of threat to men's open, isn't helpful to men's open. And it's really just another division that's going to add money to the men's open division. They're weakened warrior argument, you could say. So in essence, the argument was that Sergio kind of felt that Jeremy Boyne Dio was taking credit for helping increase the popularity of bodybuilding by being a men's physique champion, and Sergio, I think took issue with that saying bodybuilding is always going to be the top dog. It's never been on the climb. Bodybuilding is always going to be the most popular division. And I agree with that to an extent. Now, whether you love or hate Jeremy Boyne Dio, I think his response video to this beef actually had some very good points and he did make some very good points. He said in that video, he said, I've always been a fan of bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is always going to be the number one attraction. I agree with that 100%. And then he also said, he never took sole credit for helping bodybuilding become more popular. He said, the addition of these divisions is undeniable. The numbers don't lie. The numbers from a standpoint of the number of NPC competitions, the number of entries in these NPC competitions, the number of attendees at NPC and IPP events. The number of views on videos and live streams and the number of followers. I mean, a lot of people don't want to admit it, but like classic physique guys, they do have millions of followers on social media. And that's something that whether you like it or not, it's really undeniable. There are millions of fans that are following these divisions. Now I'll go on record and say, I'm not the biggest fan of Men's physique. I'm not the biggest fan of Jeremy Boyne Dio. I've seen some of the things that he said in the past. But that being said, I do think Jeremy Boyne Dio is correct here. Men's physique has been beneficial tremendously to the mainstream appeal of bodybuilding specifically with helping promote the NPC and IPPB, which is the main venue, the platform for bodybuilding. They share the same platform of the NPC and the IPPB, the NPC obviously feeds into the IPPB and the NPC having more divisions and more appeal to the mainstream is only going to help bodybuilding since bodybuilding is the top dog of that organization. And again, the numbers just simply don't lie. I mean, even though I'm not the biggest fan of Men's physique and I'm sure a lot of you guys probably aren't the biggest fans of Men's physique, the numbers are there. I mean, these guys have a tremendous following. A lot of people are interested in it. And I myself, I know dozens of guys that compete in men's physique. And I'm not talking about people that I see on social media. I'm talking about friends from high school friends from college. Just random people that I'll see posting on my Facebook or just show up in my timeline that are all the sudden competing in men's physique. That back when I knew them in high school or college had no interest in bodybuilding or watching the Olympia or anything like that. But all of the sudden there's this massive interest in competing and working out in competing in men's physique. So I do think it's valid to say that prior to Men's physique, prior to classic physique, prior to the bikini divisions, bodybuilding was really on a decline. I mean, it's hard for me to even imagine, you know, the state of bodybuilding prior to all these divisions. And if you think about it, Jeremy made another good point in his video, women's bodybuilding is a perfect example. Women's bodybuilding disappeared almost entirely. But these new divisions, women's physique, figure and bikini are massively successful because they appeal to the mainstream. Now, I don't think that's ever going to happen with men's open bodybuilding. I don't think men's open bodybuilding will ever go away. Nor do I want it to. Men's open bodybuilding. It is the pinnacle of the sport. It is what we all come to see. It is what we all enjoy talking about. And I'll be the first one to admit that as a fan of bodybuilding, when I go to an NPC show, there's a hundred men's physique guys and a hundred bikini girls that only 10 bodybuilders. It is a little bit painful to sit through the bikini and sit through the, you know, men's physique when I came to see the bodybuilding. But just because I'm not a fan of it, it doesn't mean there's not millions of fans of the bikini girls, millions of fans of the men's physique guys. That's bringing a tremendous amount of revenue to the sport. And Jeremy Boyne Dea made a good point about that as well. He said the men's physique guys are kind of biting the bullet and bringing all this popularity, bringing all this money through, you know, competition revenue, ad revenue and all that. And all that money is going back into the bodybuilding class. The body builders are still getting all the money or at least a majority of it. I mean, I've been going to the Arnold Classic Expo for about 10 years now and I can say just in that 10 year span of time, I've seen the demographic of people that's going to these expos and waiting in these lines changed dramatically. I mean, the first year I went almost the entirety of all the lines. It was just all guys. It was guys everywhere. Guys waiting to meet these bodybuilders. But now you don't really see that. You see girls waiting in line to meet guys like Jay Keller because they got interested in working out and fitness through bikini or one of these other divisions. And now there's a whole new fan base for the sports that didn't really exist before. I mean, back, you know, in the early 2000s, you were not seeing a bunch of girls waiting in line to meet a Jay Cutler or a cog green or Ronnie Coleman. You just were not seeing that. But now because of their interests in these new divisions, they become aware of who these guys are and now they want to meet them. And now there's this new, I mean, they watch these competitions too. These girls are watching the Mr Olympian. Now these girls are interested in it. So that's my opinion on the matter guys. I think Jeremy Boyne Dia at the end of the day, the point that he was trying to make. I think he's absolutely right. I think Sergio Leave is also entitled to his opinion as well. I think the social media beaks for the most part are good and interesting and mostly good for bodybuilding. Now sometimes obviously they do cross the line where they start talking about each other's families and girl friends and talking about fighting each other and they start cutting up a storm about things that aren't really even relevant to bodybuilding. That kind of stuff, I think there's really no place for that. But you know, in passion to arguments about the sport of bodybuilding itself, I think there's nothing wrong with that. And I think there definitely is a place for that on social media. So I have no problem with it. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Boyne Dia versus Sergio Leave. Who do you think is right? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and they're trying to power signing out.

=== FILE: Kai Greene's Amazing Transformation [bYIALmlVOAE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I found some interesting photos of Kai Green that I thought you guys might like to see. So these photos were taken around the time of Kai Green's pro debut back in 2005. I thought these photos really exemplified. Number one, the amazing genetics that Kai Green really has because this was really early on in his career about 13 years ago now. And number two, they just show a really different Kai Green in terms of appearance. He has facial hair and he just looks like a different guy. And number three, it really shows you the work ethic of Kai Green and how much muscle and size he has put on since 2005. Now in 2005, his pro debut is at the New York pro where he placed 14th. So I don't really think a lot of people realize how long Kai Green has been around in the pro body building scene because I don't really think he gained much popularity until about 2009 where he won that first Arnold classic title. And he won his first New York pro title in 2008. But 2009 was really where a lot of people started to notice Kai Green. And then in 2011 where he would break into that top three at the Olympia and then he would begin his rivalry with Phil Heath placing second multiple times. That's when he really took off in popularity. But I don't think a lot of people realize Kai Green has been around for 13 years on the pro circuit. And back then he looked much different than he looked now. So I'll do make a video kind of showing his transformation from these very early pictures to how he looks at some of his recent shows, including the 2014 Olympia on the 2016 Arnold classic. And just to sheer amount of muscle mass and improvement, he has been able to make on that physique. I think it's absolutely incredible. Now obviously in some of these before pictures, Kai Green is clearly not in competition condition. But even in this condition and even this younger version of Kai Green, you can clearly see these just elite genetics shining through. I mean you can see the cross-striations and the quads, even though he's not in contest shape. You can see the crazy bicep peak development, even though he's not in contest shape. And I think one of the biggest points of improvement that you can see in these photos is when Kai Green turns around from the back. I mean in some of these early back shots, he almost had a shallow looking back. If you compare that to someone who's best looks at the Olympia, I mean he has one of the biggest densest craziest backs on stage. I mean his lower body too has come up tremendously. And these back shots man, the comparison is just unreal. Plus it's also very rare that you see a photo of Kai Green without his trademark hair braid, especially this many photos. I thought they were really interesting. I mean who would have ever suspected, you know, looking at these young photos of Kai Green, you know, back around 2005, that we would see this guy end up becoming, you know, arguably one of the most popular body builders in the history of body building, one of the most favored underdogs in the history of the Mr. Olympia. Probably one of the most popular choices as a fan favorite for an uncrowned Mr. Olympia, placing seconds so many times the fill-heath and the result continuously not being what he desired. I mean who would have thought this guy would have been a multiple time Arno Classic champion. Some would say he's one of the best winners in Arnold Classic history. And Kai has repeatedly said, you know, he thinks of body building as an art form to where he has this opportunity to sculpt his body. It's like a canvas where he can present, you know, this, you know, this final vision on stage. And I think these pictures, these before and after comparisons, are a perfect example of how Kai Green has been able to incredibly sculpt his body from his early days up until now. I mean again, I said it before, but the improvements that he's been able to make are just absolutely incredible and you can really see it in these photos. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Kai Green's transformation. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have the power signing out.

=== FILE: Keeping a Classic Physique at age 62 [OQhT4Db2GcI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I'm going to give you guys an update here on Roy Leedle-Mire. If you don't know who Roy Leedle-Mire is, he's one of my favorite golden Arab body builders. In fact, he's one of the first golden Arab body builders that I ever made a video on. He's one of the guys that never turned pro during the time that he was competing, but he was one of the best body builders of that era. Arguably that never became a pro body builder. He had those classic lines, the shape, the structure, the symmetry. And most importantly, he had incredible posing. That's one of the things I wanted to focus on in this video here. It's at the age of 62. He posted a posing update video on Instagram just a day or so ago. He looks absolutely incredible. I mean, for 62 years old, this guy looks like he hasn't missed a step. In fact, his arms almost look like they're even bigger than they were back in his prime competitive years. So, Roy competed a little bit in the 70s, but he would mostly compete throughout the 80s, and that's where he would really go on his run of trying to turn pro. So during the 80s, he competed in the Nationals three times in 83, 84, and then in 86, his best placing being at the 83 Nationals placing second. So I was the closest he ever came to a pro card. And he also competed in the USA. He was trying to get a pro card in 1987. And then he would go on again in 1994. I'm trying to get that pro card at Nationals placing 14th in 94. And probably the most prestigious title held by Roy Little Mire would be the Mr. America title in 1988. And of course, he also won the Mr. California in 1980. But despite the fact that he never turned pro, and had these frequent attempts at turning pro, he was a very well-known and very recognizable body builder during the 1980s. I mean, some of his photos were some of the greatest photos in my opinion, taken of any body builder during the 1980s. This particular photo right here where he's outside. I think is one of the greatest body building photos of all time. He's on the cover of countless magazines. So he was a very well-known body builder for that. So one of the most interesting things about Roy Little Mire is again the fact that he never turned pro. But the reasoning that he gives for why he never turned pro. He's actually quoted as saying that he believes in a balanced life that his family comes before any body building competition. So he's actually said that he didn't want to turn pro because he'd rather focus more on his family. And being a pro athlete wouldn't allow him the time that he would need to focus on his family. So he was content competing as an amateur, you know, really whenever he felt like it. So Roy would actually go on to have a couple of acting roles here and there, but he's more known now for being a posing and training coach out in California. And that's why I wanted to show you guys this video because I think it's very impressive what he's been able to do. Do living a healthy lifestyle all the way into his 60s and continuing to train and continuing to pose. And I'm going to work on that posing in his physique all the way into his early 60s. I think he looks absolutely phenomenal. I think if he did a master's NPC show in the 60 and over, there would be absolutely nobody that could take this guy. I mean, who looks like this in their 60s? So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please go to a thumbs up if you did. Next time the power, signing out.

=== FILE: Kenny KO Channel Terminated [jKOhGCXAoeA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So as you guys may or may not know, Kenny K.O. is YouTube channel was recently terminated by YouTube and the reason was for violating community guidelines. So Kenny said he had two community guidelines strikes. He appealed one of them. It got reinstated and then YouTube strike that again getting him a third strike and his channel was then terminated. So I believe he said he had a channel prior to this called Kenny K.O. Sarms and that was the first channel that was removed from YouTube. So what I think he probably did was under the same Gmail account, the same email address. He started Kenny K.O. is main channel and under that same address he started Kenny K.O. Sarms. So I think the root of this problem is probably rooted in the whole Sarms thing. As you guys may or may not know and hands thatfully Tony huge, their channel was taken down a couple months ago now because of the Sarms thing. If you guys don't know this, the basics of Sarms selected to Andrew Jenner's subject or modulators. They're like a gray area supplement. They're kind of legal and they're kind of not so they're technically legal to sell, but they're not legal to sell for human consumption. So you could technically sell them under the guise of research chemicals. But if you're selling them and telling people, here's how to take them. Here's the result you'll get. You should take these as a bodybuilding supplement. That's technically illegal. You can't sell Sarms and tell people to take them because they're not legal for human consumption. So that's what the kind of gray area comes in because they sell these and say the research chemicals, but then they make videos saying, okay, here's the result you'll get. Here's the stack you should take. Here's how you should train. This is the result that you're going to see from taking Sarms. That's kind of the gray area thing. Regardless of whether or not they work. They're really in that gray area being legal or illegal. The Sarms thing, I think YouTube is trying to cover their tracks a little bit because they could be liable for some of this stuff. I mean, honestly, if you have a bunch of people advertising something that's illegal on their channel, having discount codes and links to where you can buy it, you have all these young kids. I mean, keep in mind the main demographic on YouTube is going to be kids that are teenagers in their early 20s. So YouTube is trying to mitigate some of their liability here and take down these channels. And this is what I think is happening because they could be liable for being a source for these young kids to get these illegal drugs. So back when it has to athlete got taken down, there was another channel called Ryan Rousseau. And he also made Sarms videos, talked about Sarms progress, had a Sarms discount code and a link to enhance that. And his channel was taken down shortly after. Now he reached out to me after his channel was taken down and he said essentially what's happening is there's this lawyer that's going after enhanced athlete. He found kind of a loophole in YouTube to where he could go in and report these videos that are Sarms related or have links to Sarms or whatever the case may be. And get these Sarms channels taken down due to this loophole in YouTube's community guidelines policy. And he claims that's how his channel got taken down as well. And he claims that's what happened to enhance the athletes. So I'm guessing that probably that's probably what happened to Kenny Kays channel as well. And the fact his main channel is linked to the Sarms channel is probably what got them taken down. Now, honestly guys, you guys know me and Kenny Kays have never had the best relationship. You could say I'm probably not the biggest fan of Kenny Kays channel. Now that being said, I don't want this, you know, I don't want to see this happen to anybody. Regardless of what kind of content you make, regardless of whether you like Kenny's content, regardless of whether you like what he has to say or like what he stands for. I think YouTube should be a place where you can be open to anybody's ideas. And people want to follow you for those ideas. That should be their choice. Now I understand that when you sign up for YouTube, you'd read it in terms of conditions. And they basically say YouTube owns your channel and they can terminate it for any reason they want. Now that being said, I understand that's how it works. I understand that's the rule. I understand that YouTube reserves that right. But I still think, you know, from a moral standpoint, having this outlet and YouTube you should give people kind of an even chance to share their opinion. And whether you like Kenny or not, like I said before, he was able to gain over 200,000 subscribers. And while I personally believe a lot of those people are just people that wanted to see drama and maybe not so much fans of Kenny Kays. A lot of those people and some of those people were fans of Kenny Kays. They liked what he had to say. They liked his content. They did like the drama. And that, you know, whether you like it or not, I think people should have the option to watch that. If that's what they want to see. So if Kenny Kays channel wasn't taken down because of the sarm stuff. And it was taken down just because it was kind of controversial. Then I do disagree with that. And I think that's unfair. Regardless of how I feel about him or his channel, I think, you know, everyone has a right to their voice. I agree that technically, when YouTube turns into conditions, we don't really have a right to anything. None of us really own our channels and YouTube owns our channels. But still, the whole idea of YouTube was for anybody and everybody to be able to share their ideas and people that like those ideas. And I wanted to see more of those ideas. It could subscribe to you and you could build a following based on that. So regardless of how many people don't like Kenny, there were people that did. And there were people that subscribed to him to see more of what he had to say. And I think that's perfectly fair. So hopefully his channel did get taken down because of the sarm thing. If that's the case, it's understandable. I can see why they would do that. YouTube could be held liable for all this sarm stuff. It's sarm to become completely illegal. So I do understand why they want to mitigate that liability. But on the other hand, if his channel was taken down because the controversial nature of his content, I really don't think that's fair. So even though being Kenny don't have the best relationship, I've said things about him in the past. He said things about me in the past. I wouldn't really consider him to be a fan of me or me, probably a fan of him. But I would say if you are a fan of Kenny K.O. and you want to follow him and you want to see his content, I'm going to go ahead and link his Instagram in this video right now. It's at Kenny Bule. I think people who want to see what he has to say and want to hear what he has to say should have that right to go follow him. If they don't have that option on YouTube anymore, I think they should know where to find him because there were people that were fans of him. A lot of people thought his content was controversial. A lot of people didn't like it. A lot of people thought it was too negative. He was tearing too many people down. I might agree with some of that. But still, there were people that wanted to see that. Whether you like it or not, he still has that right to be heard. So if you guys want to follow Kenny K.O. and you guys were fans of Kenny's. His Instagram is linked in the description box below. My Instagram is also linked there at Nick's Bank of Power. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Kenny K.O. is channel being terminated because me personally honestly kind of has an uneasy feeling about it. It kind of makes us all kind of feel like all of our channels are kind of at risk. Just the fact that Kenny's channel can be taken down. But yeah, man, let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's Bank of Power signing out.

=== FILE: Keone Pearson Looks INCREDIBLE in Latest Update, Can He Win the Prague Pro？ [XolnDA9r7-0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys that it's the latest physique update from Keyon Pierce. And I think a lot of people are talking about this update in really impressed by it because I think what Keyon is trying to showcase here is that he has brought his waist down. I think that was the biggest knock in criticism on Keyon. Aside from the condition at the 2025-2012 Mr Olympia, a lot of people talking about his midsection, especially in that side ab pose which he hits here. So I think number one, that's what he's trying to showcase. The midsection is tight, the midsection is down. He's got it under control even in the side ab pose. The vacuum pose just looks absolutely just a stunning pose for him. Now in addition to this physique update, Keyon also did say this on his story. He said, P.S., you guys are hilarious if you think I'm playing the size game this weekend. I'm playing my game, the perfect physique for me. So obviously a lot of conversation about Keyon versus Samsung, Keyon versus Crisot, Keyon versus Martin. Keyon's first ever, that's why it's called an Open Day View, is first ever Open Show. Will Keyon get out muscle, will he get out sized? Will he look small in this lineup? Will he not look like this pound for pound best body builder that some people think he is? And I would use some Open Guys as an example here. Yes, Keyon is a shorter body builder. Yes, he comes from 212. And I'm not even going to use the example of Derek Lundford because I know people don't like Derek. He came from 212. He is now one to open Olympia. I think he's actually slightly taller than Keyon. But I use Hottie as an example. Hottie is about 2 inches taller than Keyon. Hottie chupin. And Hottie's estimated stage weight is about 230 pounds. But let's even just say it's in the 230s. We're still talking about 60, 70 pounds lighter than Samsung. And Hottie still beat Samsung, even though he didn't win the Olympia. So some people might say he did. And Derek both beat Samsung despite their being a pretty big size difference. Not just Hottie, I think pound for pound, Samsung does look a lot bigger than them. Even at 280 instead of 300 in Samsung, it's supposedly going to be at 300 pounds for this Prog show. And the same with Derek. I mean, his stage weight is reportedly between 225 and 235 pounds for open. And he's about 5 foot 6. I think we can probably expect to see Keyon compete around 220 here. So if anything, we're talking about relatively the same height a little bit shorter than Derek and Hottie. But maybe 15, 10, 15 pounds lighter than a Derek or Hottie chupin. And he may even be slightly heavier than 220. I know that he struggled making weight for the 220 Olympia. And I think he was even 220 just like a week out from the 220 Olympia and great shape. And we're about to find out exactly how good a Keyon is really at this prog show. I think it's going to surprise a lot of people. How well Keyon does. I know there's a lot of people that think Keyon is going to get out muscle and that's going to be the situation that he's going to look small and kind of get lost in the mix. I really don't think that's going to be the case. I think Keyon is going to do surprisingly well here. And I think he has a surprisingly good chance of winning the show. And again, you look at this physique update from Michael Cruzo, just fresh off of his British Grand Prix win. Cruzo looks incredible. I mean, this most muscular. I think it's more impressive than Samson's. A ton of detail in the legs, a ton of detail in the upper body, big, full imposing. Like who who even would you guys say at this point is the favorite to win this prog show? I mean, I'm sure people are leaning towards Samson as the favorite. He's got the highest Olympia placing in open. Although Keyon is the only one in this lineup that won an Olympia title this year. You know, Keyon and Cruzo both. Neither of them competed at the Olympia this year. So we don't know where they would have placed. There's a lot of people saying that this is the best version of Cruzo ever. Can Cruzo beat a Samson or a Keyon or a Martin? And granted, this is only one pose. It's only showing him from the front, but he looks really impressive. And I think when you put it side by side with the Samson doubt update, where Samson is weighing 300 pounds before the prog show. I think Cruzo looks a lot more impressive than Samson in the most muscular. And again, it's just one pose. It's just from the front. It's the only update that we've seen of Cruzo other than him actually competing at the British Grand Prix. But he looks to me more impressive than Samson here. So is there a chance that we continue to see an off version of Samson so far, 2025 has not been Samson's year at the Arnold Classic? He was off. That's really why he lost the Arnold at the Olympia. He was off and dropped to fourth so far. We have not seen Samson on in 2025. So if we see that happen in Prague, if we see Samson come in off, and I'll just pull up these pictures that Samson posted yesterday. And I believe these are from before the Olympia, by the way, I don't think these are from this week. I pretty sure I saw Samson post these a few weeks ago. So I don't think these are this week recent, but they were a little bit before the Olympia. If Samson is off again here, I know that he's trying to get to 300 pounds and bring a fuller look. Let's keep in mind, it's two weeks between the Olympia and Prague. A 20 pound weight difference on stage in two weeks. It could go one of two ways. He could look absolutely mind-blowingly incredible a lot better than the Olympia, or it could be a very bad thing and it could go south. He could look really watery. He could look really out of shape. He could look big and full but really soft. So is there a world where going into this show is Samson not the favorite to win this thing? And I'm not saying that I necessarily think that personally, I think it's going to be between Samson and Keon for those one and two spots. That's how I think it's going to go. I think the winner of Prague will either be Samson or it's going to be Keon. But is there a chance that that does not happen? And Samson finds himself in a bad situation in Prague. The Samson finds himself out of the top three. Does he find himself out of the top two? If for the third time this year he kind of drops the ball, do the judges say, you know, this isn't going to cut it. This isn't a good enough version of yourself and you're kind of getting worse. So show to show. Because if we're being honest, he was off at the Arnold, but I think he looked worse at the Olympia. So what happens if he looks worse in Prague and he's showing, you know, a regression in his physique? Do the judges penalize him and say, okay, you're not top two here. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. What is your top three for the show? What are your predictions? Based on the updates that we've seen, based on the results of the Olympia. Now factoring in that Krizzo won the British Grand Prix. Who do you have winning? What's your top three in order? It's it's pretty hard to predict. Now the final story that I have for you guys today. You guys may have seen there's been a controversy about the masters of Olympia. The competitors that won still not having been paid. The show was back in early August, so it's been about two and a half months now since the show. Jake Wood has directly responded to this. So he says, it has been brought to my attention that the Tokyo base promoter of the masters of Olympia has not yet fulfilled the agreed upon prize money obligations to the athlete. So that first paragraph, he is kind of passing the buck to the promoter in Tokyo. Even though he owns the Olympia, it is technically his show. In light of this development, I'll personally be advancing the prize money payments in order to prevent any further delays. My office will be contacting each athlete individually to initiate the payment process. Jake Wood, Olympia production jealousy in the owner. I think this is a story to keep an eye on. Make sure that the athletes actually get paid. Now that Jake has stuck his neck out and actually said he's going to do it himself. And I was actually talking to Phil Klohar. I guess it was a couple nights ago now. And I was looking through some of the emails and stuff that he sent me, or reaching out trying to get his, trying to figure out the situation with the money. And while I was looking through his emails today before I made this video, I just saw that Jake posted the announcement that he's taking care of it. So hopefully that is the case. And these guys actually get paid. And I think it does make it a little bit more irritating for the athletes when it's one of these shows that's really out of the way. I mean, it was in Japan. The masters Olympia. So there was a lot of cost associated with them getting there to compete in the first place. So that delay in prize money for the people that earned it. I'm sure it's significant. I mean, it's not cheap to travel internationally to go compete in Japan. So I'm sure it probably is more than just a little bit annoying for them to have to wait in a wonder when they're getting their money. But let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Make sure you like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already. And as always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick strength and power signing out. Alright guys. Don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick Strength and Vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone 2004 VS 2018 [wtthTonLghs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power. I thought this would make an interesting comparison video here. So Kevin LeVrony towards the end of his body building career in his prime back in 2004. Did a guest posing back at the 2004 NPC National. So these little screenshots that you're looking at here are from the video of him guest posing back in 2004 compared to the video of him guest posing about a week ago at the Maryland 2018 Gladiator Classic. So interestingly enough back in 2004 he posed to the exact same Creed song that he posed to at the 2018 guest posing. But the reason why I found this particularly interesting is because a lot of people were saying how bad Kevin LeVrony looked at his comeback and how he didn't look anything like he looked back in the day. But I think this video was really contrary to popular opinion. If you compare how he looked back in 2004 he looked really similar in 2018 if not a little bit better at this guest posing they look back in 2004. I mean a lot of people not Kevin for his legs but if you look at his legs in 2004 and his legs in 2018 from a size standpoint they're very comparable and at the 2018 guest posing he might have even had better separation in his legs. Now granted towards the end of his body building career that's one of the things that was causing him to go downhill in place and was his leg development was starting to slack back in the early 2000s and that's one of the things that caused his placing to begin to drop. So the point here is if Kevin LeVrony's goal was to look like he looked back in the day I think he certainly succeeded. He looked better in summary guards at this guest posing and he looked back in 2004. His conditioning was better but granted he was only a week after his last show. So I think part of the reason why people say Kevin LeVrony looked so bad is maybe the caliber of competition today is just that much better than it was back in the early 2000s and late 90s. And the guys today are simply that much bigger and that much more proportionate and complete. So Kevin LeVrony by comparison doesn't look as good. So I think even if we had a 2004 Kevin LeVrony a carbon copy of how Kevin LeVrony looked in 2004 competing in these line-ups today I still don't think he would be placing that well. Now maybe Kevin LeVrony from the 90s where his conditioning was really on point and his legs were on point maybe like 94.95 Arnold Classic Kevin LeVrony. Then we'd be talking about a Kevin LeVrony. That would be a serious threat to today's body building line-up. But as far as towards the end of his career I think Kevin LeVrony did an amazing job. You know here coming back 14 years later and really replicating that physique. So I think while a lot of people say well he didn't look good I think there's definitely a large amount of props that we should be giving Kevin LeVrony for what he was able to achieve at the age of 53. In my opinion pretty much duplicating how he looked in 2004 maybe he was a little bit bigger and no for. But for the most part if you actually compare Kevin LeVrony today versus Kevin LeVrony then there's no real argument that he looked pretty similar especially in the upper body. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about Kevin LeVrony's 2004 guest pose and compared to Kevin LeVrony's guest posing today. Now obviously the photo is our little bit lower quality from 2004 and the photos today are a lot sharper so he might look a little bit more conditioned but just from an overall size standpoint and what you can tell from these two photos let me know in the comment section below what you guys think. Thank you guys for watching the video please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone vs Flex Wheeler 1996 [cpCduggm_ac].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So in this video I want to talk about what I think is one of the greatest battles for the Arnold Classic title in the Arnold Classic history. So in 1996 you had Flex Wheeler and Kevin LeVrony go head to head at the Arnold Classic. Now the cool thing about this is both Flex Wheeler and Kevin LeVrony at this point had already won the Arnold Classic title. So you had two Arnold Classic champions going head to head. So Kevin LeVrony had won the 94 Arnold Classic and Flex Wheeler had won the 93 Arnold Classic. But they had not yet gone head to head for the Arnold Classic title. So they had both won the Arnold one time. Now between 94 and 96 Mike Fransois would win the 1995 Arnold Classic. And neither Flex nor Kevin LeVrony won that show and they weren't both in that show. I believe Flex was in the 95 Arnold Classic but not LeVrony. So the other thing that made the 1996 Arnold Classic such an interesting battle between Flex and Kevin is that both of these guys were relatively young pro-body builders. They both made their protebue around the same time. Kevin LeVrony making his protebue in 1992 and Flex Wheeler making his protebue in 1993. During the short time that they had both been pro, they had both made a tremendous statement in bodybuilding, both winning the Arnold Classic as I mentioned. But also both becoming runners up at the Olympia. So both Kevin LeVrony and Flex Wheeler at this point were already Olympia runner-ups. Of course Kevin LeVrony becoming runner up at his first Olympia ever, the year of his protebue in 1992 taking that second place finish at the Mr. Olympia. And of course the following year, Flex Wheeler in 1993 taking second at the Mr. Olympia. So these two were kind of tipped for tat in terms of their Olympia playings and their Arnold Classic wins. So 1996 was a much anticipated seeing these two kind of prodigies go head to head. Now in addition to LeVrony and Wheeler, you also had a massive Paul DeLette coming in third place at that year's Arnold Classic. And fourth place you would have Vince Taylor in fifth place you would have Sean Ray. And of course in sixth place you would have Andreas Munzer who passed away shortly after that 1996 Arnold Classic. Now of course history will show that Kevin LeVrony ended up winning the 1996 9th of Champions and Flex Wheeler. Of course we'll take that second place spot. Later on at that year's Mr. Olympia, Kevin LeVrony would beat Flex Wheeler yet again placing third at the Mr. Olympia competition and Flex of course taking fourth. So in my opinion 1996 Arnold Classic was one of the better years for the Arnold Classic in terms of really cool rivalries. And because again it was these two young guys, two prodigies in bodybuilding that right off the bat in their pro career were very successful, right off the bat, very high Olympia players, right off the bat winning Arnold Classic. This was really the first time they would clash to go head to head for that title, but certainly would not be the last. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink the power signing out.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone will compete again？？ [OtTIPuYBpdc].txt ===

Alright, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm gonna make a video about Kevin LeVroni, specifically his recent comeback at this Baltimore Gladiator show, where he did a guest posing, shortly following his appearance at the Arnold-Australia. So admittedly, in the photos and videos that I've seen from this Gladiator guest posing that Kevin LeVroni did, Kevin LeVroni actually looks very, very impressive in these photos. I mean, he looks very full, he looks very round and he still looks to have maintained a level of, you know, conditioning and hardness while getting fuller than he was at the Arnold-Australia. Now that being said, the only two shots that Kevin LeVroni posted on his Instagram from the front are the frontmost muscular and the side chest. Kevin LeVroni's two best shots. Now if you go back to the Arnold-Australia, some of the worst shots from that show were the front-level bicep, maybe arguably the back-double bicep in the abs and thighs, and I've seen any of those poses in terms of a photograph from the front coming out of this guest posing. So in my opinion, Kevin LeVroni's always gonna look impressive in a most muscular and he's always gonna look crazy in a side chest. Now in addition to that, the main reason why I wanted to talk about this particular guest posing is because the captain of the photo that he posted following that guest posing is what I found to be pretty interesting. So at the very end of the cap, and under the tags, on this photo, in all caps, he posts FYI, now I will not stop Shabun. So as many of you know, a lot of people have been suggesting that Kevin LeVroni should do another show, and try to end his career on a high note rather than how he looked at the Arnold-Australia, doing actual prep correctly, and do one last show where he looks decent before he retires. I believe Milo Sarshav was one of those people. The first day of Palambos suggested to Kevin LeVroni that he do the New York pro. And if you have not seen Dave Palambos interview with Kevin LeVroni from a few days ago, it's actually a really good interview on our highly suggestive watch it. During the interview, Kevin LeVroni strips down and hits some poses. I mean, he actually looks really really good when he's posing in the interview. So if you haven't seen that, I do recommend to go over to RX Muscle and check out that interview. But during that interview, when Dave suggested that Kevin LeVroni the New York pro, I mean, Kevin was kind of itfy about it. At first, early on in the interview, he was saying, no, this is my last show. I'm not going to compete again. But as the interview progressed, it seemed like Kevin was warming up to the idea more and more of competing again. And then at the end of this photo, he says, now I will not stop, should boom. So does that mean Kevin LeVroni will do one more show or possibly multiple more shows? Now in my opinion, my opinion is this. I think the Arnold-Australia should be the last show that Kevin LeVroni does. Well, you've seen Kevin LeVroni make two comebacks now. The 2016 Olympia, it was very impressive to see him come back at that age and bring the conditioning that he brought. Obviously, the legs weren't there at either show the Arnold-Australia or the 2016 Olympia. But despite that, the fact that he was able to come back at the age that he's at, it's 53 right now, and have the size and the fullness that he has. It's very impressive, and that's a victory in and of itself. But I think the main appeal to all the fans of Kevin LeVroni's come back is can he do it. So the 2016 Olympia, the main appeal was can Kevin LeVroni look like Kevin LeVroni used to look. And for the most part, the upper body kind of did. But then we saw that the legs weren't there. So then shortly after the Olympia, Kevin LeVroni says he had a leg injury that was preventing him from training legs. So now coming into his 2018 comeback, the main reason why fans were intrigued is, well, if he was injured and now he's not, can Kevin come in with the legs now. He had the upper body at the Olympia, what if Kevin brings the legs? So we waited, we saw him appear in 2018, and we saw the result. So I think the mystery of the Kevin LeVroni come back is kind of gone now. We just know the legs aren't going to come back. It kind of is what it is at this point. And there's not a whole lot of mystery or really speculation on what else Kevin can do. I think Kevin has done everything he can do. So personally, I don't think Kevin LeVroni should compete again. I think he shouldn't be happy with what he's been able to do. He can retire on a high note. And I think at this point we know that there's pretty much no chance of Kevin LeVroni coming in and winning a pro show. Early on in his comeback, he said that was his goal. It was the win one pro show before he retired. Even if Kevin LeVroni continues to compete, I just, I don't think it's going to happen. So I don't see the point in him continuing to compete aside from promoting a supplement line or whatever. I think it's dangerous to his health. I mean, he specifically said the reason it's conditioning was bad if he Arnold Australia is because he didn't want to push his health to the limit by taking those dioretics to lose that water weight. So obviously he's very health conscious. So I think continuing to compete would just be really a foolish decision from a health standpoint. And the risk to reward ratio is way off killed for there because he's not going to be getting a whole lot of reward from competing. He'd be lucky to get a top six spot at really any pro show. So I think he should hang his hat. Hold his head up high and he should retire now that he's done the 2018 Arnold Australia. I don't think there should be any more competing for Kevin LeVroni. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below. Should Kevin keep competing or should he go ahead and finally retire? Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank from power signing out.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone's Last Show Ever [g9FCnpA8_20].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's 7 Powers and this video I want to talk about Kevin LeBroni's comeback at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Australia. Now Saturday morning right now, so that means the Arnold Classic in Australia happened late last night or will technically early in the morning if you live in the US. Because there's such a massive time difference between Australia and here, it really threw off the schedule for a lot of us trying to watch it and those of us trying to cover it. I think the livestream started somewhere around 3am Eastern time in the US. So this is Kevin LeBroni's first appearance on a pro stage since the Olympia in 2016 and is recently said that this is going to be his last ever show regardless of how he places. Now I did just look at the scorecards and Kevin LeBroni actually didn't get dead last year he got 13th place. I'm going to beat one guy Darren O'Nakawa. Now again, I think Kevin LeBroni just showing up and looking a little bit bigger than the Olympia appearance was a victory for him. Honestly, I was debating on going to the Arnold Australia and making that 15 hour flight to get there. And I wasn't going to go to see, you know, bone-act versus dexter round two. The main reason I would go to Australia is because this was going to be Kevin LeBroni's last show ever, which I think a lot of us wanted to see. So how did Kevin LeBroni actually look? Now I posted a couple of pictures on my Instagram and let you guys kind of vote and post your comments on how you think you looked and I didn't give my opinion. I just let you guys post your opinions on how you looked and it seemed to be a pretty overwhelming consensus that a lot of people were disappointed by how Kevin LeBroni looked. So how did Kevin actually look? Now in my opinion, there's a couple of things to take notice of. Number one, Kevin LeBroni was significantly bigger in my opinion than the Mr. Olympia competition. But that being said, I think anybody who knows anything about bodybuilding or even somebody just off the street could look at Kevin LeBroni and could probably tell his conditioning was significantly off the mark. Now what do I think happened here? So to be honest with you guys, I think Kevin LeBroni came in bigger on purpose and sacrificed his conditioning on purpose because I think at some point during his prep Kevin LeBroni realized the legs aren't coming back. I mean I think it was obvious to all of us that watched a live stream or saw the videos or photos of Kevin from the 2018 Arnold Classic that the legs were gone. The legs just aren't going to respond and at this point he's just not going to be able to bring them back to what they were. Now with that being said, I think minus the conditioning, I think from a size standpoint Kevin LeBroni was actually very impressive. I was actually pretty impressed by the size he was able to bring even though he wasn't that condition. So from the front, I would say from the standpoint of delts and arms, Kevin LeBroni was very, very similar to how he looked years and years ago. I think Kevin LeBroni really hit the nail on the head in terms of his delts and his arms. He was able to bring those back. I would say somewhere even close to maybe 90 to 95% of what they used to be. So arms and delts vary very impressive by Kevin LeBroni. I'd say overall even more so disappointing than the legs, I would say would be Kevin LeBroni's midsection. I mean the midsection not only was the conditioning bad, but just the sheer amount of water and almost fat even that he was still holding in his midsection was probably the biggest disappointment to me. I kind of expected the legs to not come back. I thought based on the Olympia, we probably weren't going to see the legs come back to anything near what they were. But the midsection thing was something I just was not expecting to see here. But overall I would say if coming in bigger was Kevin LeBroni's goal then he was successful in that regard. I think the legs were a little bit improved from the Olympia. I think it's conditioning at the Olympia was so much better. Even though he was smart at the Olympia, he looked much better at the Olympia than he looked here. So let me know in the comment section below what your guys' thoughts are on Kevin LeBroni's comeback. How he looked, how he did his conditioning. My two cents again would be mainly the conditioning was the number one thing that I would say was off for me. A whole lot of water being held, especially in the midsection. The number two biggest thing I would say is obviously the legs are just not coming back and that's just that it is what it is. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink from Power signing out.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone's Most Shredded Physique [5Fp-XRrPvpk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Kevin LeVroni and which your I feel he had his best shape, specifically his best conditioning. So Kevin LeVroni would earn his pro-card in 1991 by winning the overall at the NPC National. So the year 1992 would be Kevin LeVroni's pro-day view. So in 1992 Kevin LeVroni was roughly 27 years old and his stage weight was only about 220 pounds of most of the shows in 92. I'm not the bigger versions of Kevin LeVroni that you'll see from later on in the 90s maybe even the early 2000s where he's much fuller, much rounder, obviously significantly more muscle mass. He was in the mid 240s to 250 so probably 25 to maybe 30 pounds heavier than he was back in these photos that you're looking at from 1992. Now specifically there's two shows in particular from 92 where I felt Kevin LeVroni's conditioning was just absolutely stand out insane. And the first of those two shows will be the 1992 night of champions where he placed first. Now there were actually some pretty big names in this 1992 night of champions lineup that you guys might recognize. Porter could trail took second, Robbie Robinson took third, the area pastel took fourth, Milo Sarshev took fifth. I'm there other guys in that lineup like Pavel, Jabloniki placing ninth. You had a Ronnie Coleman, a very young Ronnie Coleman placing 14th of this show. You had Nashville, some body who did not place. And of course you had an extremely impressive Kevin LeVroni winning this show. In my opinion if you look back at some of the photos from the 1992 night of champions, Kevin LeVroni was smoking some of these guys. I mean it was a night and day difference. This guy, you know his genetics, the muscle bellies, the insertions, the roundness, the conditioning, the structure, everything on Kevin LeVroni in 1992 was just superior to everybody else on that night of champion stage. And it was a hands-down, in my opinion, landslide victory for Kevin LeVroni, arguably one of the biggest victories of his career next to the Arnold Classic wins. Now the other show from 1992 where I found Kevin LeVroni to be extremely impressive was the 1992 Mr. Olympia. Now it's important to keep in mind here. This was only Kevin LeVroni's first ever Mr. Olympia. He is still a rookie body builder. His first year as a pro. So obviously the Mr. Olympia competition is going to be a little bit intimidating for somebody that's a rookie body builder. And in addition to that back then it was held in Helsinki, Finland. So he had to go over seize the compete. But despite all that, despite the fact that he was 27, despite the fact he was a rookie, despite the fact that he had to travel to Finland. Kevin LeVroni took second place at his first Mr. Olympia ever again looking insane from a conditioning standpoint. Now Dorian H1, the Olympia that year. And of course as we all know that was the first year that Dorian H1, the Olympia. In 1992, yet again, you had a very impressive lineup at the Olympia just like the night of champions. Kevin LeVroni beat Lila Brada, Sean Ray, Momo Benaziz, a Vince Taylor, Sunny Schmidt, Porter Cattrell again, Dairy Pastel, Lou Ferrigno made his comeback at the 1992 Mr. Olympia placing 12. Also in that lineup, placing outside of the top 10, you had some mere benute of former Mr. Olympia. Again, you had Ronnie Coleman a guy who had not yet won his first Olympia. So this was kind of back before Ronnie Coleman was really the Ronnie Coleman that we know him as. And yet again, you had Milo Sarshevin this lineup placing outside of the top 10. So very competitive Olympia year, a lot of big names in there. Kevin LeVroni, rookie body builder, comes out of nowhere placing second. His legs arguably, in my opinion, the best they ever looked, maybe not from a size standpoint. But I mean, he had cross-striations in his quads. His glutes were shredded. His hamstrings were shredded. His back was shredded. This is where the back double bicep became one of his most iconic poses where he hit it similar to Arnold. And he just looked absolutely incredible in 1992. So I'm sure some of you guys might disagree with me on this and you guys might prefer a little bit bigger, a little bit fuller version of Kevin LeVroni as his best physique. But in my opinion, 1992, the Olympia and the Knight of Champions, the conditioning that he brought, I mean, that has got to go down. It's one of Kevin LeVroni's best looks ever in my opinion. That was Kevin LeVroni's best physique. So let me know in the comment section below which year you guys think was Kevin LeVroni's best physique. Do you think it was 1992 or do you guys prefer maybe a bigger look in the later 90s, maybe early 2000s? So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in power, signing out.

=== FILE: Kevin Levrone： Why Ronnie Coleman Should NOT be Mr. Olympia [iuZDp0VA41Y].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I found a pretty cool topic for a video here. So this is an article that Kevin LeBrony actually wrote, I believe back in 2002. So the title of this article written by Kevin LeBrony was, why Ronnie Coleman should not be Mr. Olympia? So the basis of this article is essentially talking about Ronnie Coleman's gut. I'm talking about the 2000 Mr. Olympia or Kevin LeBrony believes that he should have beat Ronnie Coleman and then also referencing the 2001 Mr. Olympia where Kevin says he believes J should have beat Ronnie Coleman. So the reason I think this article is really cool is because Kevin LeBrony doesn't hold anything back in this article. I mean, directly quoting the article he says, I'm more convinced now than ever that Ronnie Coleman should no longer bear the title of Mr. Olympia. This is the second consecutive Mr. O gift for Ronnie and I'm not prepared to hang back in the weeds and let this injustice go without a fair comment. The plain truth is I beat Ronnie Coleman last year in 2000 and J. Color beat Ronnie this year, 2001. You should not win the Mr. Olympia if your stomach is hanging out. Period. Last year I've had it Ronnie's stomach during the pose down to draw attention to the fact that he was obviously bloated and that tactic obviously didn't work and Ronnie ended up beating me and the pose down to successfully defend the title for the third straight Mr. O'Triumph. So then Kevin LeBrony goes on to say later in the article, how can Ronnie retain his title if his midsection is bloated and disdended? Why should the fans get behind a champion who can't present an aesthetic image of what body blading is supposed to be all about? So the reason that I found this article very interesting is number one, the 2000 Mr. Olympia was a pretty controversial Mr. Olympia decision. So I'm going to show you guys some photos of Ronnie versus LeBron from 2000. But also I thought it was very interesting again that this article is 15 years old, almost two decades old actually and they were still referencing this bubble gut issue all the way back in 2001, 2002 when this article was written. So this is not a relatively new issue. Ronnie Coleman now, we're looking back at him as one of the greatest Mr. Olympia's of all time. But during that time this was only his third Mr. Olympia win and people were already ragging on his gut. But I think this is going to be a very similar situation to Phil Heath. It's like Phil Heath is one so many Olympias now. People want to see the champ get beaten. They don't want to see the same thing over and over. So right now everyone's hating on Phil, hating on his gut. But I feel like 15 years from now, people are going to be looking back at Phil Heath like man. He was one of the best Mr. Olympias ever and it's going to be a very similar situation to Ronnie Coleman because back then a lot of Ronnie's fellow competitors did not like him because he was beating them consistently day after day. And there was some controversy about Ronnie having a big gut. I mean the fans, there was also some controversy about fans not liking Ronnie Coleman because of that big gut. But now no one really remembers that. I mean people look back at Ronnie like I said and call him the greatest of all time. And there's really nobody disputing that. People say Ronnie Coleman is the biggest freakyist Mr. Olympia ever end of story. So I think going forward it's going to be the same thing with Phil Heath. So back to the 2000 Mr. Olympia really quick. So in 2000 Ronnie Coleman obviously won the Olympia. Kevin Lebroni placed second flex wheeler placed third Sean Ray placed fourth, Nasdawns and body fifth and you had to leave priest in six plays. All right. So honestly guys in my opinion, if you look at the comparison photos, it's definitely true. It's undeniable. You know Ronnie had a little bit of a gut. But if you compare him in Kevin Lebroni, I mean look at the leg guys. I mean Ronnie's legs are twice the size of Kevin Lebroni's legs in the year 2000. I mean it's just it's undeniable here for me. I mean even though he had a little bit of a gut, I mean to me Ronnie Coleman was clearly the better body builder in 2000. I mean there's just no argument about it to me. The front double bicep. I think he smokes Kevin Lebroni. I mean it doesn't matter what angle you look at Ronnie Coleman's legs from whether it's the front, the sides, the back. It doesn't matter compared to Kevin Lebroni's in 2000 and tell me who you think deserved to win that Mr. Olympia. I mean you can't win the Mr. Olympia with legs. I Kevin Lebroni had in 2000. I mean Ronnie Coleman's legs. I mean those were Mr. Olympia legs and he also had a Mr. Olympia upper body. It just so happened his stomach was a little bit disdended. But I think he still definitely deserved to win the 2000 Mr. Olympia. I mean he was the biggest, most muscular guy on stage. His conditioning wasn't bad. I mean there's this a little bit of distension in his midsection. His conditioning was actually really good. So I don't know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Ronnie Coleman deserved to beat Kevin Lebroni in the year 2000? Or do you think Kevin Lebroni deserved to win the 2000 Mr. Olympia? Personally I think Ronnie deserved that victory. But I did find Kevin's early comments about the bubble gut to be a pretty interesting thing. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Let me know what you guys think about Ronnie Coleman's gut too. So let me know. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to power signing out.

=== FILE: Krizo Looks INSANE and He Knows It! + Samson's Plan for Prague + Can Joan Pradells Be a Factor？ [EO_hglfrYTk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen, Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys today, the latest update from Michael Crisot posted today on his story. Now just two days out from the 2025 Pro. And I gotta say, I'm really impressed with this version of Crisot that we're seeing. The first thing that he was able to come back from the shoulder injury, we haven't seen him on the Olympia stage since 2023. This win at the British Grand Prix was impressive, but this look is very impressive. And I feel like Crisot knows that he's very confident in these updates. I feel like you can tell that he knows he looks good. And again, if just this pose, this is mostly what we're seeing from him is the most muscular pose going into the show, which is probably his best pose. Or the front double bias, he's not as strong from the back. So take it with that grain of salt. But it does really have me wondering here is Crisot going to be more of a factor than we initially anticipated. So much talk about Martin and Kionn in Samson. Crisot, his updates, heaven, Kionn I would say, have honestly impressed me the most going into this show. There's absolutely no doubt about it that Crisot looks gnarly. And I wonder if there's a chance that we see a huge upset here. I mean, if he beats any of those guys, if he beats Samson, Kionn or Martin, I would consider that to be a pretty big upset. I don't think most people are expecting that from Crisot, but anything is possible in bodybuilding. And I think like making the case for Crisot, I already compared his most muscular to Samson's. And we can say, Crisot is not as strong from the back. I don't think at the Olympia, Samson looked that strong in the back poses either. So I'm very curious to see what version of Samson would get here. And Samson did post today. He posted on his story kind of his game plan going into Prague. And he said that from this point forward, he knows that he has a legitimate 300 pound on stage bodybuilder. And being less than 300 pounds just doesn't work for him. It leads to not a good look. So that's his goal going into this show is to be over 300 pounds on stage. Here's what Samson had to say. At this point, I think I'm well over 300 pounds. I mean, this one I can feel it by close. I'll also have my close a lot more tighter. Everything is a lot more fit in again. And there's something I was drowning in just last week. So I know for fact, I'm over 300 pounds, but I'll probably check in a morning and I'll let you guys know what we were in that waiting for this show. So I mean, I pretty much, at this point, I think there's pretty much clear that I'm a genuine 300 pound bodybuilder on stage. There is no old, too, 90 to 80 now. On G&F, I'm under 300 pounds on stage. I don't look good. It's very clear. I think this is the past two weeks. I've been a clear example of that. So being that said, this is what we know that our target show is be. You know, this is our minimum, but basically, target, they're coming to go on stage. Don't fall with all 300 pounds. It doesn't look good on you. You don't benefit you at all. So we always got to make sure that, okay, that is the limit of cap. Of how low we can bring my look. Well, you know, it's interesting, like I said, you know, for everything that's happened, it's been a lesson learned for us to know that, okay, this limits. So I'm interested to see how Samson looks here. I'm interested to see the difference from the Olympia look to this look. And I'm interested to see, like, if the goal is just to be heavier on stage, to be bigger, to be fuller, and to weigh over 300 pounds. Again, it's only two weeks between the Olympia and this show. How is that going to pan out for him is what I'm curious about? And if, again, I said this in the last video, if we see Samson off, what does that mean for these other guys that appear to be coming in really on like, Krizzo, for example, and then going over to the latest physique updates from Martin Fitzwater, we can't count out Martin here. Martin is a top five and last year, top four Olympian. He is the returning defending pro champion. Does he shut down Kian Pearson here? Like he shut down Chris Bumsted last year at Chris's open debut at Prague. Does Martin do better here than he did at the Olympia in the sense that he could potentially beat Samson at this show? It's really hard to say. And again, I just, I can't undersell how excited I am for this show. It could, it could literally go any one of these directions. And now I'm starting to think about including Michael Krizzo in that conversation as, you know, maybe he's a top three guy here. And this just feels like one of those shows where we could see a big upset. I think Martin winning would be considered an upset because Samson beat him at the Olympia. So if he beat Samson here, that would be an upset. If Kian wins, that would be an upset. If Samson wins, I feel like that's what people expect. I feel like Samson is a Mr. Olympia champ. He was off at the Olympia. I feel like most people are probably expecting Samson to win this show. He's got the highest recent Olympia placing out of anybody in this lineup. And I think most of us are anticipating a better Samson here. But I think the question really is, what if he's not? What if he's not better here? Maybe one of these guys, maybe one of these other guys has a chance to really make a name for themselves. If any of them, Krizzo, Kian, Martin, if any of them be Samson here, it's massive. Now let's talk about some guys that we haven't talked about as much. One of those being Joan Pradell who just competed in the British Grand Prix this past weekend. With an impressive top three placing, now this was the latest physique update that he posted on his YouTube channel today. Where apparently he's weighing 264 pounds. Now the interesting thing here is not just talking about Martin Samson, Kian, Krizzo. You could also have a young guy come in so Kian for example. You could have Kian, you know, we expect him to do well or win this show. You could also have Kian get beaten by some of these other open guys that are really good. Joan Pradell is one of these guys that is a really good open body builder. He's clearly made some significant improvements since the last season. So we could have a lot of surprises here. Not only could Kian win the show, you could also see Kian being tested for the first time in open. And guys that maybe aren't top tier open body builders could upset Kian. That's the other option here. So I'm not just team Kian winning the show. You could have a lot of different things happen. That's what makes the open debut so exciting. You don't know what's going to happen. Maybe Kian wins the show. Maybe he's like outside of the top five. You don't know. But Joan, he really impressed me at the British show. He's got a ton of size. His delts are crazy. Like I said, you can see there's pretty significant improvements since the last time that we saw him on stage. He's a really big guy. And that's the thing with Kian. That's what a lot of people are saying about Kian. Is that maybe he's going to get out size by some of these bigger guys in open. And Joan Pradell's like I said, he's 254 pounds in this video. Kian is probably going to be about 220. He's giving up 45 pounds even to a guy like Joan Pradell's. You've also got Tim Boudeshime in this lineup. Tim Boudeshime just competed in the Mexico Pro where he was fifth. Another really big open body builder. I mean, if Kian is going to have an issue with size, these are guys that he could have an issue with size. Against I personally don't think that's going to be the case. I think that Kian is going to do just fine pound for pound. I think that's what the argument is, right? He's obviously not going to be the biggest body builder in this lineup. You've got guys like Tim Boudeshime, Joan Pradell's, Samson Dada, Michael Crisow. These are big thick open guys. And that's why I think this is so exciting. It's a really good test for Kian. This is not going to be an easy show. These are not small open guys. You know, we talk about him in that circle with Martin, Crisow and Samson. But these other guys too that are even outside of that conversation, they could give Kian a run for his money too. Even though I personally don't think that's going to be the case. This lineup is deep even outside of those guys. And in addition to Tim Boudeshime, you've got James Hollingshead coming back from the British Grand Prix. Also kind of a disappointing showing at the tsunami nutrition show a couple weeks ago. James was fifth at the British Grand Prix. James laid his update. His back always looks impressive. He's always in really good shape. The back always looks dense. The lower body always looks good. Could we see maybe a more seasoned veteran like James Hollingshead be able to defeat somebody like Kian. James always has like a peeled lower body. That's something that Kian struggled with a little bit at the Olympia this year. A lot of scenarios to look forward to at the Prague show this year. But again, let me know your guys' predictions in the comments below. We are now just one day away. And by the way, Prague is going to be a two-day show. So Prague, the pre-judging is going to be on Saturday. And the finals is going to be Sunday. So they're kind of extending the excitement. It's going to be the whole weekend. Saturday and Sunday. So Saturday night, you'll have the men's open pre-judging and Sunday night, you'll have the men's open final. So we'll get the excitement of seeing them just like on the Olympia stage the night before. And then we can talk about what we think is going to happen on Sunday. And that's what we have to look forward to this weekend. So let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Give me your predictions. Give me your full top five here. Now that we've talked about some names that we maybe haven't talked about as much. Jonas looking impressive. Tim Bootishime even top five at the Mexico Pro this past weekend. This show could go a lot of different ways. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. Make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. I appreciate you guys next rank and power signing out. Alright guys don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick Strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Lee Labrada's Son Competes for Pro Card [rICATk4Fx1A].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's other powers with all the excitement surrounding the New York pro. I think a lot of people might forget that the NPC Junior Nationals is today and the NPC Junior Nationals is a pro qualifying show. In that show we have Leela Brottis Sun, Hunter Lebrottis, competing for his pro card this weekend. And I gotta say based on the videos that I've seen on his Instagram and some of other pictures that I've seen, he looks phenomenal and I think the chances are very high that we're gonna see Leela Brottis Sun get his pro card tonight. So I just wanted to make this video because I didn't want the NPC Junior Nationals to get overshadowed by the New York pro hype because I think this is actually a very big deal if Leela Brottis Sun does in fact get his pro card. It's cool to have another legacy IPB competitor where a father and son are both pros. I'm gonna be interested to see where Hunter Lebrottis able to take his pro career if he does in fact earn his pro card tonight. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Hunter Lebrottis Fizzique and how he's looking at the NPC Junior Nationals. Do you think he's gonna get his pro card and how do you think he will do as a competitive pro? Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest 2018 Comeback？？？ [rjhEwdElvA0].txt ===

This station is the first back for his comeback. So what he's trying to say is gonna retire after this year because this all means on the way back. Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with next time of power. So probably the most requested topic for a video right now. As will he please be making a comeback anytime soon to compete in the 2-12 division. Now the reason for this and I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen this already. So on Flex Lewis's Instagram story he's training with Lee Priest and Lee Priest jokingly says he's gonna beat Flex Lewis at the 2-12 Olympia. So obviously Lee Priest was joking in that video but could this be foreshadowing of a potential Lee Priest comeback? I'm now as we've seen Lee Priest has been a lot more active going to a lot more expose going to IFBB events, taking pictures with a lot of the current pros, posting them on Instagram. He's been a lot more open in the IFBB circles and he has been for the past 10 years. I mean Lee Priest was banned from the IFBB back in 2006 due to competing in an organization, competing in a competition really that wasn't sanctioned by the IFBB. So it was the IFBB's non-sanctioned policy that ended up getting him banned from the IFB. And that was back in 2006. Now even though that was all the way back in 2006, 12 years ago, it's not that Lee Priest has not been bodybuilding that past 12 years. I mean he competed as recently as 2013 winning the 2013 in NABB of Mystery Universe. So he's competed within the last 5 years. So when he talked about guys that have made unsuccessful comeback like Kevin LeVrony, or Flex Wheeler, these are guys that took large chunks of time where they didn't train. They weren't training for bodybuilding. They stopped being bodybuilders for a large chunk of time. Whereas Lee Priest has always been Lee Priest. I mean he's been training this entire time. Again he competed back in 2013 and he's only 45 years old. Now Kevin LeVrony, I believe it was 53 at the Arnold Classic Australia in 2018. So Lee Priest is a full decade younger almost than Kevin LeVrony. And even though Kevin LeVrony didn't place, he still looked very respectable on stage. So could Lee Priest make a comeback. I think absolutely he could. And I would even say absolutely he could if he were intending to come back in the men's open division. But since he mentioned the men's 212 division, that brings up a very interesting point because this is something that Kevin LeVrony wasn't able to do. But this is something that Flex Wheeler tried to do when he competed in Classic physique. There's these new divisions now. That weren't around back in the late 90s in early 2000s. So Lee Priest has a new opportunity to compete in the division that he's never competed in before in the 212 division. Because even though Lee Priest was very successful in the men's open division, back when he competed with the IFPB, he only weighed just over 200 pounds, maybe 220 max in competition condition. So the 212 is actually a perfect division for Lee Priest. Who stands only 5 foot 4. So the potential is actually there for Lee Priest to come back competing the 212 Olympia and actually plays even higher than he ever placed competing in the men's open Olympia. Now I believe his highest placing in the men's open Olympia was a 6 place finish at the Olympia. So the question is, could he compete in the 212 Olympia and plays higher than 6th? I think absolutely that is a possibility. Now of course there are two major factors that are going to come in the play here. Number one, whether or not the IFPB is going to let him come back. Which is something that seems to be a possibility right now because he's going to all these IFPB events which he wasn't going to before. Some people were saying he wasn't allowed to go to some of these events before and now he's going to the Arnold Classic. I'm going to all these different expos. So he's definitely trying to get in a little bit more on this side of the sport. So I do think it's a possibility that the IFPB might let him compete. I mean again it's been 10 years now since the whole kind of bullshit situation with banning him. And as they say time heals all wounds so maybe this is kind of this bad blood is kind of past and he might have the opportunity to compete. Now the other obvious variable here is going to be Lee Priest Tattoos. Will his Tattoos hinder his ability to compete on the IFPB level especially the Olympia level. I think honestly they might be a disadvantage. He had some tattoos back when he was in the IFPB before but not nearly to the extent that he has now. However in 2013 when he won the Mr. Universe he had a ton of tattoos and he was still able to win the biggest title in Naba the Navumister Universe. So could the Tattoos hurt his placing maybe a little bit but do they disqualify him from still being a good bodybuilder as we can see with the Navumister Universe clearly not. You can still win a show with Tattoos. So the myth that you know if you get all these Tattoos it'll destroy your physique and destroy your playsings. He really proved all that wrong with the 2013 Universe win. So while right now it's still kind of it's all speculation but since people keep asking me do I think he will come back do I think he can come back how do I think he will do. The answer is yes I think he certainly can come back and the answer is also yes I think he can come back and have a successful showing at a show like the Olympia at a show like the Arnold Classic 2012 even. I think those are certainly possibilities for him. I think the door is wide open for him. Hell David Henry who was a 212 bodybuilder is 43 years old only two years younger than Lee Priest and he just took fifth at the Arnold Classic in 2018 and took fourth at the 2017 Olympia in the 2012. So again the possibility is certainly there for Lee Priest to make a comeback and personally I certainly hope he does. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think do you think Lee Priest is going to make a comeback do you think he can and would you like to see him make a comeback. So please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it and the strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest VS His Sponsors [D6Ncpx4QDFM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power us. I've got a little bit of an interesting topic for you guys today. So this topic is going to be Lee Priest versus his supplement sponsor, Black Skull Nutrition. So on Instagram today, Lee Priest posted a photo of one of Black Skull's logos, I guess. Where they take a skull and they put Lee Priest tattoo on his face tattoo on the skull. And they'll take this logo and use it as branding so they'll put it on phone cases, t-shirts, whatever, and then sell those t-shirts. So, in Lee Priest's description here, and I'm paraphrasing, he essentially says, they're going to put his image on these phone cases and phone chargers, etc. You would think they would give him one of those for free, but apparently if he wants one, he has to buy one himself when they're using his image on the product to sell the product. They won't even give him one is what he's saying. So in the description he also says, so I say to my fans, don't buy these. And then he ends the post with, I'll always give respect when respect is shown or even before it's shown, but then disrespect me and you'll get the other side. Then he tags Black Skull in the post. So that's where things start to get interesting. So then Black Skull actually responds on the photo. They say, Lee, I'm proud to have you on the team. I've hired you since August 2014, before I even released the brand worldwide and whatever you needed or whatever you need, I'll be ready to help you. I just want to remind you and your fans that you get royalties for every single product that the brand sells and that you get paid for it. Signed Marcelo Bellas CEO. So then Lee priest responds and he says, no, I get a set amount every month, which I have been on since the beginning when my products Mr. Skull, etc. came out. I was told that I would get a percentage of that. So if now I have product for the past year and a half, why is the pace those the same as when I first signed the contract? I get no royalties. It was in the contract that I get X amount of dollars a month and it has not changed since day one. And then Lee priest goes on to say, so let's get this right. I signed for X amount of dollars before the products run the market. Now four years later on the products, I still have the same contract in no royalties are being paid, even though the company grew. And then Black Skull has kind of a weird response here. They say, you're right. The company grew and we're releasing new products by having great work ethic. You're going to achieve your goals. So kind of a weird beat around the bush response from Black Skull. Not really answering why they're not giving him the percentage. And then Black Skull goes on to say, the smaller company paid you, $180,000 so far, US. Thank you always and God bless you. I'm always going to be here for you as your friend Marcelo Bella. So I guess that was 180,000 over the course of four years. And then Lee priest goes on to say, what does that mean? $180,000 over four years. So it goes back to the contract, same amount from the start, added new products when no royalties were paid as mentioned above. And then he goes on to say that the person replying to him is not actually the CEO of the company. So then finally Black Skull kind of ends it and says, that is me Marcelo Bella. If you have any questions come to me personally and as a friend, I will gladly help you. And that's kind of the end of that. So I wanted to post this up and see what you guys think the case is with a supplement company like this. If they start using your image and they start making products with your image to sell that product. Number one, should you get that product for free, at least one of them, and not be charged for that product if they're using your image on the product. And number two, should you be getting a percentage of the sales if they're using your image on the product. So in my opinion, I think the answer is both yes and yes. You should certainly get the product for free and you should also certainly get a percentage. So I think Lee Prizes and the right here, but I want to know what you guys think. Are you guys with Black Skull or are you guys with Lee Prizes on this? So let me know in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up. You enjoyed it. Next time of power signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest VS The Mass Monsters [I4DSmaFRrnw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I'm going to make a video about Lee Priest. I've said many times that Lee Priest is my favorite body builder. But I wanted to make a video in particular about why Lee Priest was such a good body builder during his era. Obviously Lee Priest came along in the mid 90s. I'm really during the era of the mass monster during Dorian Yates' Olympia Rain. And his body building career at the Olympia would span the reign of three different Mr. Olympias in Jay Cutler, Ronnie Coleman, and Dorian Yates. And you could also include Dexter Jackson in that group because Dexter won the 2008 Mr. Olympia and Lee Priest did make that comeback in 2013 at the Mr. Universe. So technically Lee Priest beat three of the four Mr. Olympias that he competed against during his body building career at some point or another on the Olympia stage. So Lee Priest Olympia career would begin in 1997 which would be the final year that Dorian Yates had win in Mr. Olympia. Lee Priest would play sixth at the 1997 Mr. Olympia and this was a lineup of many mass monsters. You had Nastrel somebody. Yeah Dorian Yates. You had a young Ronnie Coleman who would win the Olympia the following year. You had Paul Delect, you had Mike Mauderosa, you had JP Fuchs and of these guys. Lee Priest played sixth, beating JP Fuchs, Ronnie Coleman and Mike Mauderosa. Now this is the reason why I finally priest to be such an impressive competitor. He was much smaller both in a stand point of height and a stand point of muscle mass than many of the competitors in the 90s and the early 2000s. Lee Priest stood only five foot four inches tall, weighing roughly in the 220s on stage. But he was beating guys that weighed 50 or even 60 pounds more than him and that was 50 to 60 pounds of muscle. For example in 1998 when he placed seventh at the Mr. Olympia, he beat Paul Delect, beat Gunter's Sleer camp. He beat Ernie Taylor. Paul Delect and Gunter were guys at weighed 272 80 on stage again. 50 to 60 pounds heavier than Lee Priest. Now 1999 Lee would place eighth at the Mr. Olympia, beating Jay Cutler, Dexter Jackson and Marcus Rool. Marcus Rool probably the biggest of the guys that Lee Priest has beaten and Lee Priest has beaten him several times on stage. Routinely actually. So then the following year at the 2000 Mr. Olympia, Lee Priest moves back up to six place, beats Jay Cutler again, beats Dexter Jackson again. So now he has beaten three Mr. Olympias during his Olympia career. He beats Gunter Sleer camp again and Gunter Sleer camp is the guy that would give Ronnie Coleman a run for his money in 2002. He beats Marcus Rool again in 2000. Now fast forward to the 2002 Mr. Olympia, Lee Priest placed sixth again and in this show he actually beats Flex Wheeler. And also the 2002 Olympia is one of the most stacked Olympias ever having 25 competitors. So Lee Priest placed sixth out of 25, beating a total of 19 guys for that placing. So even though Lee Priest never actually won a Mr. Olympia or never won an Arnold Classic, he did win the Iron Man Pro and he did win the Knight of Champions in New York and he also won the San Francisco Pro as well. But even though he never won that Olympia, I think the fact that he can consistently place so highly against guys that were clearly just monstrously bigger than him, makes him the embodiment of what bodybuilding is really about. A bigger guy with worse conditioning, worse symmetry, just less balance and less proportionality is not going to be the smaller guy like Lee Priest when Lee Priest comes correct and has that good proportion and that good structure. And that's the embodiment of what I think bodybuilding should be about. And of course in addition to that, in my opinion, Lee Priest had some of the greatest arms in the history of bodybuilding. And then of course you also have the unfortunate fact that Lee Priest was banned from the I-B-B-B-N 2006 for competing in a non-sanctioned organization's competition. And of course I did a video separately on that, but I think it's a shame that Lee Priest was kind of, you know, made into the black sheep of the I-B-B when he did, you know, he achieved some great things. I mean, beating three out of four future or former Mr. Olympia competitors that he would go head to head with is very impressive. Eating Ronnie Coleman, Jay Cutler, and Dexter Jackson on the list of guys you've beaten during your professional career is a very impressive list. So that's the video guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please leave it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and let me know in the comments section below about what you think in terms of Lee Priest versus these guys much bigger than himself in the fact that he was the giant killer of the 90s and early 2000s. Thank you guys for watching the video. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest and his Bodybuilding Mom [iPxxjnxg4e4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's next on the Power. So I actually wanted to make a video about Lee Priest and his mom actually. So in a lot of cases when we see a parent and a kid that are both in the body building specifically both very good body builders, it's typically a father and a son. So Lee Priest was kind of the exception of that trend and his mom was actually a very competitive and very successful female body builder who played a major role in Lee Priest getting into weightlifting. His grandfather also helped him a lot with coaching him and teaching him the basics of body building. Some of the early, you know, there's crazy videos of Lee Priest as a teenager. We're posing on stage with his mom. So his mom's name was Lynn Priest and you can see in these photos that you're looking at here of him posing on stage with his mom and the fast thing about these photos is Lee Priest was only 17 years old when these photos were taken. So these photos really speak to, you know, just the amazing genetics that Lee Priest actually had for body building number one. I mean, you can see his mom is actually a very good body builder. She's ripped, she's shredded. She's got a pretty aesthetic physique as far as female body building goes. But then looking at Lee Priest at 17 years old, I mean, this guy looked like he could knock out, you know, a lot of, you know, grown men that were kind of second to your IFPB body builders at the time. I mean, he looked tremendous just right out of the gate as a teenager. And another interesting thing about Lee Priest as a teenager is the main show that he competed in was the IFPB, Mr. Australia, which he won three times in a row. And he was 17, 18, and 19 each time he won those shows. And again, winning those shows, this, he was being grown men. And this actually speaks to how Lee Priest got his pro card at such a young age. Because of the fact, over in Australia, the Mr. Australia was like the biggest show you could do, but you couldn't get a pro card by doing it. So the powers that be in the IFPB saw this guy. I believe it was Wayne DeMilia at the time that initially saw Lee Priest. They saw him winning these shows. They saw how incredible his physique was. And they wanted him to have a pro card. So they brought him over to the United States. You competed in the amateur show, the Niagara Falls Championships. And when he won that show, that's when he got his pro card. Although technically that show wasn't really a pro qualifier, they kind of gave him that pro card. And the water's a little bit muddy on how he actually got that pro card. I mean, the circumstances of him being from Australia and just the availability of competition over there, it kind of lent him to a disadvantage as far as actually turning pro. And obviously he did have a physique that was well beyond worthy of a pro card at that time. So I think it's great that at the age of 12, you know, Lee Priest mother and grandfather got him into bodybuilding. Can see photos here of him around age 13, just immediately showing bodybuilding promise. And again, I believe his mother is a very large part of why Lee Priest was so successful. Had he not gotten into bodybuilding as early as he did, primarily due to the interest that his family had in bodybuilding, who knows what would have happened as far as him turning pro as far as him getting noticed. I mean, I think a big part of the appeal of Lee Priest was, you know, this guy was a teenager winning the Mr. Australia competition, beating grown men and people were taking notice. They're like, this guy is, this guy's good. We need to give him a pro card. So who knows, man, had Lee Priest mom not been a bodybuilder, maybe he would have never, you know, went on to become an eye to be pro. Maybe he wouldn't have competed until way later in his life. And I think really the chips ended up falling perfectly for him at 1718 and 19 winning that Mr. Australia. I just kind of the perfect storm for him to get noticed. Again, a lot of that can be attributed to his mom. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I thought a lot of these photos of Lee Priest and his mom at that young age would make for a really interesting video. I'm not sure if a lot of people have seen them or not. And I've done a couple of father and son bodybuilding videos as well. But I thought it would be interesting to make a, you know, mother and son bodybuilding video. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest's Comeback to win the Mr. Universe [hReQbvt9NJA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Ryan the Power. I'm going to make a video about Lee Priest. As you guys know, Lee Priest is my favorite body builder in terms of his overall physique and arm development, but specifically, I wanted to make a video about Lee Priest's most recent show, the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe. So specifically, I wanted to touch on why Lee Priest did that show. As you guys all know, Lee Priest is most well known for being an IFBB pro body builder. As many of you know, NABBA obviously is not the same organization as the IFBB. So Lee Priest's last competition in the IFBB would be in 2006. So in 2006, that would be the year that Lee Priest was banned from the IFBB. So essentially what happened to make a long story short, Lee Priest competed in an unsanctioned show. So as many of you already know, the IFBB has a policy in place where if you're an IFBB body builder and you compete in a rival organization or just any unsanctioned organization by the IFBB, you can be suspended or banned from the IFBB. And essentially that's what happened to Lee Priest and he was banned from the IFBB. So his professional career with them ended in 2006. So we had not seen Lee Priest since 2006 all the way up until the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe. Now obviously there was a seven year gap in between those two shows and Lee Priest had significant only more tattoos when he competed at the NABBA Mystery Universe. During his IFBB career he had some tattoos but never to the extent of when he competed in the Mystery Universe. So to be honest with you guys, I think Lee Priest looked incredible at the 2013 NABBA Mystery Universe and his conditioning looked incredible as well. And he pretty much blew away all the other competitors on stage. Now to be honest with you guys, the caliber of competition in NABBA is not the same caliber of competition that you would find in the IFBB. So there is that to factor in. But overall we saw Lee Priest that was very reminiscent of the Lee Priest that we saw during his glory days in the IFBB. And when Lee Priest did this, it was actually a pretty big deal in terms of overall body building news because it was really a giant slap in the face to the IFBB. And that's one of the reasons why I'm a really big fan of Lee Priest is because he says what he thinks. He doesn't really care what anybody thinks of him. He's just an honest guy that says what's on his mind. Now to be completely honest, Lee Priest was one of the best body builders to come out of the late 90s and early 2000s in the IFBB. So today, this will be the equivalent of a guy like Roli Winkler, a guy that is a consistent top place or a guy that has a crazy physique. A guy that has won some pretty big shows in the IFBB, just suddenly deciding to join another organization. So back in 2013 when Lee Priest did this Mystery Universe competition, I actually still had my channel. It wasn't called Nick Stragman Power yet and obviously wasn't as big as it is today. And I did actually make a video about this back in 2013. But I wanted to make a new video today because I think it's a very important part of body building history because this is something that you just don't see anymore and you're probably not going to see a whole lot of stuff like this happening again because the Navbot is continually getting smaller and smaller and the IFBB is slowly becoming really the only pro body building organization that you want to compete in in the world. So I don't know if down the line you're ever going to see a top IFBB guy switched to another Federation. I just don't think we're going to see that happen. So I think it's really cool that Lee Priest actually went to do this because as many of you may or may not know, the Navbot Mystery Universe competition, I've said this many times, before the Mystery Olympia, the Navbot Mystery Universe was the premier title in body building and for a little while it rivaled the IFB and rivaled the Mystery Olympia as the number one most coveted title in body building. So it really is, it carries a lot of prestige, it carries a lot of history and for somebody like Lee Priest that has placed very highly at the Mystery Olympia, one some major pro shows in the IFBB place very highly at the Arnold Classic for a guy like that to go and win this other title, it actually is a very big deal in body building history, especially considering the fact that Lee Priest took a 7-year hiatus from the competitive stage and came back looking amazing he was still hitting his classic victory poses, his conditioning was on point again, really just smoking the other competitors. So let me know what you guys think about Lee Priest 2013 come back to the Navbot Mystery Universe and how he looked, please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it, next drink of power, signing out.

=== FILE: Lee Priest： ＂Classic Physique will Surpass Bodybuilding＂ [eW567g72NyA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys in Nick here when Nick's on the power so Lee Priest recently put a pretty interesting post up on Instagram So Lee Priest was talking about the Mr. Olympia in the classic physique division So let me read you guys exactly what Lee Priest posted here So he says out on a limb here, but I think the Mr. Olympia will be done after this year The men's open will probably be gone like the women's and more will be put on the classic physiques and the other divisions to make this sport more mainstream so I'm assuming he means more emphasis will be put on the classic physiques and the other divisions So this is an interesting comment coming from Lee Priest. This is a guy that came from the 90s and early 2000s Competing against a lot of the guys that many considered to be the golden era body building in the 1990s And Lee Priest himself never was a mass monster. He was always a smaller guy I mean he would beat guys based on you know the aesthetics of his physique essentially the lines the proportions And the shape of his physique and that's really the kind of the same thing that classic physique is emphasizing It's not so much how big you are It's the lines in the structure of your physique that's gonna make you win because they have those weight classes in classic physique So technically Lee Priest has always kind of been a proponent of that mindset That size isn't everything And Lee Priest of course in the past has been outspoken About today's body builders and the bubble guts And the size of some of these guys and the physiques and how the conditioning isn't as good as it once was So I definitely think Lee Priest is being genuine here and he's always kind of had a somewhat negative opinion towards the current state Of the IFBV that's never really been a secret But I've got to say I kind of disagree with him here. I do think classic physique over time Is going to certainly become more and more popular and certainly will help to make this sport more and more quote-unquote main stream But I think it's not gonna be after this year I think it's gonna take a lot more time than that And do I think it will ever surpass the men's open mr. Olympia that's really hard to say I think at all likelihood it probably won't I do think with time You know classic physique could become up there as one of the most popular divisions at the mr. Olympia I think at the end of the day men's open is probably always going to be the thing that sells the most tickets has the most interest and it's always gonna be You know the crazy freakyest pinnacle of the sport that people are gonna want to watch The Super Bowl of body building and I think classic physique could become a close second to that It could become one in two People want to see the main Olympia first But they want to see you know the classic physique Olympia just as much or just a little bit less But it is kind of refreshing to see a men's open body builder likely priest Recognize the popularity that classic physique does have because in many cases A lot of the men's open body builders including seven-time mr. Olympia feel he's have been outspoken about kind of not liking the classic physique division And thinking it's not gonna have any impact at all on men's open body building So you know, I don't really think it's gonna overtake men's open body building But to say that it's not gonna have any impact on Regular body building. I think that's just a ludicrous statement But again with the weekend warrior comments from guys like Phil Heath and even Jose Raymond has said similar things So a lot of body builders across the board I've had kind of this attitude towards classic physique like it's just an easier division It's not gonna be Ever as popular as men's open body building. I don't necessarily agree with that But again, it's just refreshing to see a guy like Lee priest having this attitude and recognizing how popular classic physique is getting That's one of the things that I've seen on my channel over time is the interest of shifting From videos on men's open body builders to people wanting more and more videos on classic physique I mean I get more requests for you know videos on crisp bumps to Wesley vissers mr. proper Breon ainsley the classic physique Olympia then I get you know I actually don't really get any requests for make a video on Phil Heath But I get requests every single day You're talking about this classic guy talk about that classic guy. Did you see this guy's guess posing? The interest is definitely there and I'm seeing it firsthand and it's good to see a guy like Lee priest recognize that Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Lee priest comments on classic physique surpassing men's open body building after this year's Olympia I'm thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of power signing out

=== FILE: Levrone VS Wolf： Who had the best Comeback？ [gTEUz2_a2UY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Shreim of Power. So I wanted to talk about the two biggest comebacks of 2018 and I'll be the comeback of both Dennis Wolf and Kevin LeVrony. Dennis Wolf making is a original debut at the 2018 Arno Classic in Columbus, Ohio. And of course, the long awaited debut of Kevin LeVrony at the 2018 Arno Classic in Australia. Now we haven't seen Dennis Wolf for almost two years now due to his injury. And then we haven't seen Kevin LeVrony since the 2016 Olympia. So that gave Kevin LeVrony over 18 months to prepare for this show. So a lot of people were expecting him to completely transform his physique. And as you saw, we didn't really see the result that I think a lot of people were expecting. So the premise of this video is going to be who had the better comeback of 2018, Kevin LeVrony or Dennis Wolf because there are positives and negatives of both of these guys come back. So we're going to start with Kevin LeVrony here because I think his comeback was the bigger story coming out of the Arno Laustrial weekend. So Kevin LeVrony, I think what a lot of people were expecting was that he was going to be able to train his legs and that his legs were going to respond. Based on what he told us after the 2016 Olympia, he said an injury was preventing him from training legs. Now that he was over that injury, he would be able to train legs again and they would look good for his next show. So that's what we were all expecting to see. And of course that was not the case. It seemed as legs are just not going to respond again. He's 53 years old and I think at this point it just is what it is. Now we're going to start with the positives of his comeback. So number one, I would say would be his upper body. So his upper body is certainly pretty comparable. And I'm aside from the back, pretty comparable to how he looked back in the day when he was in his prime. So I think he's been able to bring a tremendous amount of size to the stage, which is one major upside to his comeback. Because when you compare that with Dennis Wolf, that was the problem that Dennis Wolf ran into was not being able to bring in a lot of size with his comeback. So that's a plus for Kevin LaRoni and kind of a downside for Dennis Wolf. So another plus for Kevin LaRoni would be overcoming his age. Again he's 53 years old and for a 53 year old man, we can all say he looked pretty phenomenal on that stage. Now unfortunately those are pretty much the only two positives that I can give him for this 2018 Arnold Classic Australia because the negatives, I think there's far more than there are positives unfortunately. So the first negative would be, I would say he actually looked significantly better at the 2016 Mr. Olympia than he looked here. I mean a lot of people were expecting that with those 18 months that he had to prepare between that Olympia and now he was going to look much much better at this show than he looked at the Olympia. But I think if anything that 2016 Olympia was his best comeback appearance and this was you know really kind of a let down for a lot of fans. The second negative I would say would definitely be his legs. Again I think a lot of people were thinking with this time off and all this time that he had to train. The legs were going to be bigger and the legs were going to respond better. And while the legs were a little bit bigger than the Olympia, I'm going to get to this point next. The reason they were bigger was really because the conditioning was off and that Kevin LaRoni tried to come in bigger and play the size game. So that brings me to the next negative point here. Unfortunately Kevin LaRoni did try to play the size game. I mean he came in with his conditioning way off the mark. His conditioning at the Olympia was far superior to the conditioning that he brought at the Arnold Classic Australia. And finally Kevin LaRoni's placing will be 13 out of 14 competitors. So that would be the final result of his comeback. So that brings us to Dennis Wolf. So a lot of people actually seemed kind of disappointed with Dennis Wolf's comeback. Now I'm going to be honest with you guys. I think Dennis Wolf looked phenomenal. Now obviously Dennis Wolf wasn't able to bring back the size that he had when he was in his prime. He's obviously not as big. He's obviously not as full. He's obviously not as round. But Dennis Wolf brought it. Dennis Wolf brought conditioning. That was arguably one of the best conditioned body builders on stage. So he knew he wasn't going to come in with that size. So what he did was he came in with that FU conditioning. He said, I'm going to bring a conditioning that's so gnarly to this day to you just can't ignore me. I know I'm not as big as I was. I'm know I'm not as good as I was. But my conditioning is going to be on point. And as a result, Dennis Wolf placed three placing higher than Kevin LaRoni placing 10th at the Arnold Classic Australia and beating four guys in that lineup, which is a significant move up from how he did at the Arnold Ohio. So I don't know if it was the lighting in the Arnold Australia or what, but I think Dennis Wolf looked significantly better at the Arnold Australia than he looked in the Arnold Ohio. So the plus size of his physique, I would say definitely the conditioning. He just can't ignore how well conditioned he was. I mean, this guy was shredded to the bone. You can't ignore that at all. I would say his lower body, another plus side. I think his lower body is very similar to how it looked when he was in his prime. His upper body is a lot more noticeable in terms of the downsized aspect of his physique. But I think his lower body is still hanging in there pretty well. And another plus would be his posing. I think his posing routine was very, very good. Now the negatives, unfortunately there were a couple negatives for me. Number one would be his mid-section. His midsection looked a little bit suspect at times during the Arnold Australia. I'm a number two would be obviously his arms. Now his arms have never been a strong point for him. And this show was no exception to that, you know, general rule. So overall, I have Dennis Wolf as the more successful come back when it comes down to Kevin LaRoni versus Dennis Wolf because Dennis Wolf brought the conditioning. And as a result of that, he placed three places higher than Kevin LaRoni. And in my opinion, it looks significantly better than Kevin LaRoni. Now I think had Kevin LaRoni done what Dennis Wolf did and didn't try to come in so big and had that crazy, you know, FU conditioning. We might be talking about a completely different story. Even if Kevin's legs were still a little bit off and we saw Kevin LaRoni come with conditioning. That was better than that that he brought at the 2016 Olympia. We could have seen Kevin LaRoni possibly crack that top 10. But the conditioning was just so off. I think Dennis Wolf certainly takes the competition of Kevin LaRoni in this case. Now on my channel guys, I do have a pole going. I'm re-guess can vote who you think had the better come back. So if you go to my channel page and go to the community tab, there's a pole there where you can vote either Dennis Wolf or Kevin LaRoni. And right now Dennis Wolf is the take away winner at over 84% right now. And I believe there's about 8 to 9,000 votes in right now. So let me know in the comment section below who you guys have Dennis Wolf or Kevin LaRoni who was the more successful come back of 2018. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Lou Ferrigno VS Arnold Schwarzenegger [FCZ96D1rNpw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nickch on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about one of the most famous body building rivalries of all time. And that is the rivalry between Lou Ferigno and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Now I'm sure many of you guys as body building fans are familiar with this rivalry. Probably through the 1977 DocuDrama Pumping Iron, which covered the 1975 Mr. Olympia and the road leading up to it. More specifically, the journeys of both Arnold and Lou to that Olympia stage in 1975. Now the interesting thing about this is that Lou Ferigno actually didn't even take second to Arnold at that year's Olympia. The Olympia serves Lou Brey actually took second in 1975 and Lou Ferigno took third. So Lou Ferigno wasn't even really the main rival of Arnold if you're actually talking about from a judging standpoint. Now the reason they focused on Arnold versus Lou in Pumping Iron was actually because there's a little bit of controversy surrounding Serge Lou Brey and his involvement in some previous alleged pornographic films before Pumping Iron was filmed. In addition to the controversy of the videos that Serge May or may not have been involved with, there's also some disagreement about how much money he was being paid. Apparently he was being paid significantly less or he was offered significantly less than Arnold and Lou and Serge actually had a significant amount of acting experience in his home country of France. He felt he was deserved to be paid more than they were offering him and because of that he had very limited involvement. I'm in a very limited role in the actual film so they couldn't focus on Serge versus Arnold so for that reason by default they focused on Lou Ferigno versus Arnold. So the main reason I wanted to focus on this rivalry between Lou and Arnold Schwarzenegger is because I think arguably Lou Ferigno is an uncrown Mr. Olympia. The most famous bodybuilders of all time to go into the main stream of acting. I'd say behind Arnold Schwarzenegger he's probably the second most well known bodybuilder in the world. And for that reason I'm sure many people that aren't hardcore fans of bodybuilding and no Lou through his acting roles like Hercules or his TV appearance as the incredible hawk. I'm sure they think he is a former Mr. Olympia winner because he's such a famous bodybuilder and they associate, you know, famous bodybuilders with being top guys like Arnold Schwarzenegger seven time Mr. Olympia. So I'm sure to the main stream he already is a Mr. Olympia. I'm sure most people think he already won the highest title in bodybuilding because he is so famous. However, that is not the case during the Golden era bodybuilding in the 70s Lou Ferigno would actually only compete at two Mr. Olympia competitions. Once in 1974 taking second to arguably the biggest Arnold Schwarzenegger that we had ever seen on a bodybuilding stage Arnold claimed he came in at over 250 pounds at that show. Which is the biggest Arnold would have ever weighed on stage. Then the following year in 1975 of course the pumping iron Mr. Olympia he would take third to search in a bra and of course Arnold Schwarzenegger. After which Lou would retire from bodybuilding and pursue his career in acting starting with the incredible hawk in the late 70s. Now this brings me to why I consider Lou Ferigno to be an uncrown Mr. Olympia because he would lead bodybuilding in 1975 to pursue acting. He would then skip the 1976 Mr. Olympia which I think was very unfortunate for Lou because in my opinion I think he could have easily won the 76 Mr. Olympia and possibly the 7778 and 79. I'll get to that in a minute. So in 1976 there was destined to be a new Mr. Olympia champion. Arnold Schwarzenegger was now gone. He was not competing in 76 and serves New Bray did not compete in 76. So in the over 200 category there are only two competitors. Ken Waller and Mike Katz. Both of whom were featured the year prior in pumping iron but it was not for their journey to the Mr. Olympia. They were still amateur at the time. So both of these guys I think Lou Ferigno could have beat them very, very easily. Then you had the under 200 division. A Franco Colombo Frank Zane Ed Corny, Bill Grant and Boyer Co. And of course as history goes to show, Franco Colombo would beat Ken Waller in the overall becoming the first under 200 bodybuilder to win the Mr. Olympia. And then of course in 7778 and 79 you would have Frank Zane win the Mr. Olympia. So the four years after Lou retired there would be a four year reign of under 200 pound Mr. Olympia. Now the interesting thing about this is that during his competitive career in the 70s in particular, Lou was about 280 pounds, 6 foot 5. But not only was he really, you know, one of the earliest mass monsters ever, he wasn't just a big guy. He actually had a very aesthetic, very proportional, very balanced physique. So it's not like these smaller guys could have beat him on proportions or bounds or lines because Lou Ferigno actually did have all of those things and he had the mass to go with it. So I think if Lou had held off one more year and did the 76 Olympia and pushed back to acting to 77, he could have won 76 in retired bodybuilding with that Olympia win. And of course he would come back in 1992 to try again for that Olympia title. But as we know he would place outside of the top 10 there. But Lou Ferigno's bodybuilding career would not be without major wins. He did win the Mr. Universe twice in 73 and 74. And he also won the Mr. America competition. But still none of those contests were as big as winning the Mr. Olympia. Now of course if you go back to 1975 and you look at Lou Ferigno's journey to beating Arnold Schwarzenegger at the 1975 Olympia, they focus heavily in pumping iron on the relationship between Lou and his father, Matty Ferigno. Now according to Lou himself after he did not be Arnold in 1975, his father disowned him. And many bodybuilding fans speculate that that disowned him from his father is really a large reason why Lou Ferigno did decide to quit competing in bodybuilding. And you wanted to pursue other venues. And then in addition to that you have the obvious struggle of Lou Ferigno, I'm having about 80% hearing loss, which is why when he speaks he speaks a little bit mumbled because he can't hear himself speaking to our articulated words. So I think the story of the accomplishments of a guy like Lou Ferigno is about on par with the accomplishments of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger obviously overcame being an immigrant, became the greatest bodybuilder in the world, and then became one of the greatest actors in one of the action stars in the world. Then of course you had Lou Ferigno overcoming a major hearing deficit, a speech impediment being disowned by his father. Losing that 75 Olympia title to Arnold when he expected to win it. And even though he never won the Mr. Olympia he became one of the most well-known bodybuilders on the face of the earth and still a very successful actor. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time in power signing out.

=== FILE: Lou Ferrigno weighed twice as much as this bodybuilder [1YlSclwoE4w].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So this video is going to be specifically about the 1993 Mr. Olympia competition, which was won by Dorian Yates. But specifically the part that I wanted to touch on here was Lou Fragno's comeback The year prior in 1992 and he would continue competing until 1994. So he had a comeback that span really three years But specifically his appearance at the 1993 Mr. Olympia was one of the more interesting of his appearances Because that would be the show where he would be compared with Flavio Bashi and Nini And Flavio Bashi and Nini was a good friend of his, but he also happened to be significantly shorter than him. In fact Flavio was the shortest bodybuilder on record To ever make it to and compete in the Mr. Olympia competition standing out of height of only four foot 11 So not even five foot tall. I mean, weighing approximately 145 pounds on stage during that time at the Mr. Olympia So of course some of the photos that come out of 1993 of Lou Fragno on stage next to Flavio Or some of the most interesting looking bodybuilding photos of all time because you see two guys Well they massive size difference Lou Fragno being roughly six foot four or six foot five And at his biggest point during his comeback his weight was somewhere over 300 pounds on stage according to multiple different sources So you got a guy that weighed literally twice as much as Flavio Bashi and Nini Literally more than twice as much as Flavio Bashi and Nini who weighed 145 pounds Lou Fragno weighing an excess of 300 And you know roughly two feet taller than Flavio Bashi and Nini so very cool photos from the 1993 Mr. Olympia of Lou and Flavio Kind of playfully being compared next to each other But to make things even more interesting in 1993 Lou Fragno placed tenth And Flavio placed only three places behind Lou at 13th so the comparison wasn't a comparison made Just for the hell of it and just because it would be a fun comparison because the size difference was so fast They actually made that comparison because these two guys were actually relatively close in play things And they were deciding who was going to place where so they didn't do it for fun and this was an actual You know Flavio was that good of a bodybuilder that he was being compared to a 300 plus pound Lou Fragno on the Olympia stage And it's also interesting to note that there were 22 competitors at the 1993 Mr. Olympia So Flavio B almost 10 guys despite being the smallest guy on that Olympia stage in the history of the Mr. Olympia So some of the names you guys might recognize that Flavio B would be Ron Love who placed 14th That's a kind of noticeable name in bodybuilding and also the great Mike Mararozo placing 18th tying for last place with five other bodybuilders Now unfortunately during his entire career with the IFP B Flavio would not win a single pro show During his entire career he would start out in the WABBA bodybuilding organization in 1983 Where he would win their world championships But after coming over to the IFP B in 1988 his best placing would be a second place finish at the 1999 Masters Mr. Olympia And then he would repeat that placing again in the year 2000 again placing second at the Masters Olympia But I think that 13th place at the Mr. Olympia was still a very impressive accomplishment for him Because number one that was a very deep Olympia lineup 22 guys the best in the world For a guy that size to be almost 10 competitors I think is very impressive And then of course if you're talking about Lou Fragnose come back in general With a lot of the hype that's going on lately with the comeback of Kevin LeBroney starting in 2016 And then he recently competed at the 2018 Arnold Australia Comebacks are kind of a hot topic in bodybuilding right now But honestly in my opinion I think that the Lou Fragnose comeback which began in 1992 and would last until 1994 Was one of the most impressive bodybuilder comebacks of all time I'm especially due to the you know the number of years that Lou Fragnose took off The level of fame that Lou Fragnose had Being the incredible hawk being in pumping iron being a bodybuilding legend of the 70s to come back in the 90s and be significantly bigger Probably anywhere from 20 to 30 pounds heavier than he was back in the 70s if not more than that And then also the fact that Lou Fragnose was in his 40s when he would make his comeback When typically most guys in their 40s especially back in the 90s and 80s We're at the end of their bodybuilding career certainly not making comeback to an open division And if you were in your 40s as a competitive bodybuilder you were probably competing in some kind of master's division Because that's where you would be best suited for him to place top 10 at the Mr. Olympia I think was very impressive Because he would come back in 1992 that would be the first year he would appear at the Olympia again since 1975 And he would place 12 in 1992 But he would improve upon that placing from 92 to 93 by two places What I think is very impressive and then in 94 he would make that jump to compete in the masters of Olympia placing second And of course I've also done a whole video on Lou Fragnose versus Dorian Yates Because even though obviously Dorian Yates beat Lou Fragnose pretty easily And the comparison shots of Lou Fragnose next to Dorian Yates from a size standpoint alone Lou Fragnose is door thing Dorian in those shots I mean just from a size standpoint obviously Dorian had the better structure, the better balance The better overall physique because he would go on to win six Olympias But still the comparison was very interesting to see in Olympia legend like Lou Fragnose from the 1970s So that famous pumping iron rivalry with Arnold Schwarzenegger Come back in rival one of the freaky as Mr. Olympia's ever in Dorian Yates From a size perspective because keep in mind Dorian Yates was most known for being one of the first mass monsters ever to win the Olympia He kind of opened up the door for the mass monsters that we see today And Dorian was known for that size So for Lou Fragnose to kind of come out of nowhere and arguably outside Dorian It just made for some very exciting competition and some very cool body-building photos And in my opinion you know that rivalry and those years of his comeback We'll go down in body-building history as some of the coolest things that ever happened in body-building And in the same year you would have him versus Flavio and those photos in and of themselves Also very interesting So I hope you guys enjoyed this video Please let me know what you guys thought about it in the comment section below And please give this video a thumb up if you enjoyed it Next rank and power signing out

=== FILE: Luke Sandoe Posing Routine 2018 Indy Pro [jXPM3zQeLk0].txt ===

Today, love found strength to open my eyes I'll be right, so open my eyes I'll be right, I'll be right, I'll be right Could take my eye Now I'm sinking under drowning faster Please just let me breathe like me I'll see if I can relax in need of you again You'll cry, we'll die, we'll make this surrender We'll rise from your end to your end

=== FILE: Man turns Tree Stump into Arnold Schwarzenegger [bXMrFl-XWSA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here wouldn't extend the power. So I've got something very interesting that I wanted to share with you guys today. So I came across this on Instagram. So this guy is like a woodworker, sculptor, carver. I mean, what he's doing is he took this giant hunk of a tree. I mean, he's sculpting it into a life size, or I guess a larger than life size, sculpture of Arnold Schwarzenegger. So I'm going to kind of show you guys pictures of the progression of this sculpture from the starting point, basically this giant tree stump to this guy had all the way to where he's at now, and he's still not finished with it, but it looks very impressive. I mean, there's one of the coolest things I've seen in a while on Instagram. So this guy's name is James O'Neill. His Instagram username, if you guys want to follow the progress of this statue, is Jim 104 GMC. And he only has actually about 15,000 followers on Instagram. And he's pictures where he posts the pictures of the Arnold statue. They only get like a thousand likes on it. So really not that many people have seen this, but I think, you know, it's really actually amazing. Because honestly, he has this thing down to every last detail. The shape of the muscle, the shape of the biceps. He's got veins in there. You can see the serratus muscle from the front double bicep. He's got the vacuum pose, worked into it. The quads, the hamstrings, the calves, the face, the face and the hair. In my opinion, it's one of the most impressive parts of this whole thing. Because really, you know, it actually really does resemble Arnold Schwarzenegger's face. I just think it's amazing to be able to have a talent like this. And I've been following this guy pretty much since the beginning of this sculpture. So watching the shape of this tree stump, basically become this awesome image of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It's been amazing to watch as the detail gets more and more. And it starts to resemble Arnold Schwarzenegger. And apparently this guy doesn't only do body builders, but he does special in these sculptures of physics and actual people. He's done Connor McGregor. He's done Muhammad Ali. He's done Chris Cyborg. And the Connor McGregor one, actually, I think is very accurate too. I mean, it looks just like Connor. I mean, this guy is really talented. I think this is something that, you know, the bodybuilding community would enjoy seeing. I think this guy deserves a little bit bigger of an audience because honestly, I think it's amazing what he's doing. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Mark Bell training for first bodybuilding competition [Spgl1Sizt8w].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. It's a little bit of interesting news in the fitness world today. Mark Bell, who owns super training gym and of course invented the slingshot. Recently announced he's going to be doing a bodybuilding show. Now Mark Bell obviously is most known for his powerlifting, particularly his bench press. But the interesting thing about him announcing that he's doing a bodybuilding show is not so much the fact that he's a powerlifting transitioning to bodybuilding. It's the fact that the coach that he has coaching him for this bodybuilding show is honey Rambot. Now honey Rambot is the same guy that coaches four-time Mr. Olympia, Jeremy Boyne, Dia, and more notably seven-time Mr. Olympia feel heath. So it appears that Mark Bell is not messing around here and he wants to do this right and he doesn't want to look foolish. Like some people do when they cross over from powerlifting the bodybuilding or from classic to bodybuilding or switching divisions or whatever. Mark Bell seems to be actually taking a very serious approach to this which has a lot of people excited to see what the final result will be. So obviously a lot of people are asking me my opinion on this. I'm quite frankly I'm very excited to see what happens. I think it's going to be an interesting thing for the sport. And I've said this many times. I think any time or an athlete crosses over whether it be from a different sport like powerlifting in the bodybuilding or within bodybuilding, crossing over from men's to the acro crossing over from classic to the acro whatever. I always think that's interesting and I always think that's good for the sport because it potentially brings people from the other side to the bodybuilding side to watch what happens. So I think as a result of Mark Bell doing this a lot of people who are simply powerlifting or fans of powerlifting might gain some interest in watching bodybuilding depending on what show he does. I'm pretty sure it's not going to be anything major. It's probably going to be a smaller local show. So what do I think about this overall? I think Mark Bell has a decent physique for a powerlifting for a bodybuilder. Obviously looking at these photos. He doesn't have the best structure for a bodybuilder. Now again, I'm a fan of Mark. I like him. I like his products. I like his podcast. The power cast I think it's called. But overall, this isn't going to be a guy that's going to be pursuing a career in bodybuilding. I don't think he's got the greatest structure. I don't think he's going to do tremendously well. He might win whatever a local show he does. Do I think this is going to be Mark Bell's journey to become an IFBB pro? Certainly not. Do I think Mark Bell is going to be competing on some national level bodybuilding stage? Probably not. So what I'm saying is I think this is more or less a publicity stunt. There's nothing wrong with that. I think it's just really kind of a one time thing to get views. It's not going to be the beginning of Mark Bell's bodybuilding career. I think it's just Mark Bell trying out bodybuilding showcasing it and trying to do again a publicity stunt. I'm trying to get some views off it. Again, there's nothing wrong with that. But I think that takes away a little bit from the excitement factor. I'm sure a lot of people are watching this thinking Mark Bell is going to go on to pursue bodybuilding from this point forward. And I don't think that's going to be the case at all. I think after this show is done, he's going to look good. Again, he's probably going to win whatever category and whatever local show and he's probably going to get some views off it. It's probably going to be very interesting for all of us to watch and comment on. But I don't think it's going to be the same as like a Larry wheels pursuing bodybuilding. Larry wheels a guy with freak genetics. I mean, from a strength standpoint, Antron muscular standpoint. Larry wheels are just a freak. I mean, he's got the genetics for both Mark Bell. So I don't think the expectations are set as high. So I think when people watch him compete, it's going to be a better result. I think people are going to be happier with whatever package he brings just to see him on a bodybuilding stage. We'll be enough for the people that are watching. And especially if you look at where Mark Bell started, I mean, Self admittedly, he was pretty fat when he started. So looking at the starting point, I think it's going to be even more impressive to see him ripped on a bodybuilding stage. So I'm excited to see it. I'm not really expecting a pro-card or national level competition or anything else like that. But I do think it'll be an interesting, you know, one off type of things. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Mark Bell deciding to pursue bodybuilding. How do you think he will do? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schrema Power signing out.

=== FILE: Mike Christian： The 80's and Now [6b-UtsOT45M].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I wanted to make a video about another pro body builder that was very successful throughout the 80s and 90s. I'm going to just career what really come to an end after joining Vince McMahon's WBF Body Building Federation. This body builder was my Christian. Now my Christian really is one of the more impressive body builders to come out of the 1980s because his upper body was really one of the best in the game. I'm probably the main thing that would let him down at the majority of these competitions would probably be his leg size. Now my Christian actually had a relatively short career with the I if you'd be lasting only about five years but during that five year span he competed in 22 competitions winning five of those. So winning five major pro shows in the I if you'd be in some of those competitions where Olympia appearances every single one of which he placed in the top six. So 85, 86, 87, 89 and 90 he competed in the Olympia all of those years placing within the top six every single year and it's best placing at the Olympia will be a third place finish in 1986. And many people still say to this day that Mike Christian back in the day when he was competing at the Olympia this was during the reign of Lehani. I mean a lot of people still say to this day he was one of a few guys that had the upper body size and the upper body structure to really rival a guy like Lehani. And then again once you go back down to the lower body it just really wasn't there to the point where he could ever be Lee. And in terms of overall size throughout that upper body he was very comfortably Haney and he had a various aesthetic physique. So going in in 1991 that would be where you would see Mike Christian's career with the I if you'd be coming to an end. So in 1991 Vince McMahon held the first ever WBF World Bodybuilding Federation Championships. So in 1991 Mike Christian actually fared very well at that competition placing second to Gary Strideham. Now obviously Gary Strideham won both years of the WBF Championships. And I made a video about Gary Strideham a couple of weeks ago actually talking about how Vince McMahon kind of picked Gary Strideham to be the guy kind of his own Arnold Schwarzenegger in a sense. He thought he would be the guy that could help bring down the I.P.B. He could be you know his star body builder. He had the looks. He had the physique. And Vince really seemed to think that Gary Strideham had what it took to be kind of the next big star like Arnold Schwarzenegger. And that's kind of what a lot of people thought he was doing with Gary. Mike Christian will take second in 1991 and then 1992 he wouldn't even be in the top five. And then in 1992 obviously the WBF was not successful. So it would end in 1992 and from that point forward Mike Christian's bodybuilding career would essentially come to an end. So that brings me to the kind of then and now portion of this video. So Mike Christian is currently 63 years old as of 2018. So recently he's been back in the gym and working on his physique and he actually still has maintained a pretty significant amount of muscle for a 63-year-old man. So I wanted to give you guys some perspective and show you guys what he accomplished throughout his professional bodybuilding career in the 80s and 90s and show you what he still looks like today as of 2018 almost 30 years past the prime of his bodybuilding career. So that is the video on Iron Mike Christian guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: My Response to Dexter Jackson's video about me [tynh4q3G_Qo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's having a power. So as you guys may or may not know, Dexter Jackson did make a response video on his Instagram to my last video about Dexter Jackson's comments on Flex Lewis. So if you guys weren't aware, I'll catch you up really quick. So Dexter Jackson made an Instagram video about Flex Lewis saying that he wanted to compete in the open and essentially in that Instagram video Dexter said that Flex was too small for us or the open body building division. He said Flex wasn't big enough to be competitive there. Now, you know, won't none of this right here. Too small. He'd better worry about the boys on Kuwait and a Iranian boy first. Just, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Too small. We need big boys up here, boy. So I made a video comparing Dexter and Flex's physique, their heights and weights. And the whole point of that video was simply to say that a smaller body builder, a shorter body builder, like Flex Lewis, could be successful in men's open body building because Dexter was a smaller body builder in men's open body building and he was very successful, arguably the most successful men's open body builder of all time. So that was the whole point of the video to say that even though Flex was from the 2012, he was a smaller guy from a weight standpoint. That doesn't mean he can't do well in men's open body building. But Dexter kind of took it a different way. So in that video to try to provide some reference, I used some heights and weights for Dexter that were listed online and compared them to that of Flex Lewis. So Dexter did a response video where he basically weighs himself right now in the offseason at 259 pounds. So I wanted to make sure I included that in this video because I want you guys to see what Dexter really weighs right now. All right, here we go. Check this out. Yo yo, I've been getting a lot of messages about me coming into the Limpia 230. It's a huge rumor going around. Everybody knows me. They just know everything about me. You know why? Because you read all profile stats saying that I weighed 215 when I was all season and I'll come on stage of 215. That's when I first came in a game. So in Dexter's video, I mean kind of made it sound like I was trying to say he was going to be 215 on stage at the Limpia this year. Now, wasn't the point that I was trying to make. I was trying to make the point that he's a smaller body builder in the men's open, which regardless of what he weighs, you can look at Dexter until he's one of the smaller guys in the lineup and he's still very successful because he comes in with that conditioning. That's why he's called the blade. He's a successful smaller body builder. So the whole point wasn't to spread a rumor that Dexter is small. The point was to say Flex Lewis is a smaller guy. Dexter's a smaller guy. They could both be successful in men's open. So I don't know why Dexter is saying that Flex isn't big enough for men's open body building. That was the entire point. So finally, I wanted to explain where I got the stats from and why I chose to use that set of particular stats. So the stats I used were from bodybuilding.com. In bodybuilding.com, it was on Dexter's official pro bodybuilding profile. Now the way these bodybuilding profiles work here is either the bodybuilder themselves submit the changes to the profile and add the height and weight and all the stats or bodybuilding.com takes that information from direct interviews done with that bodybuilder. So bodybuilding.com is a pretty reputable source. Bodybuilding.com had him and mind you, this isn't 2013. This article was last updated in 2013 and Dexter mentioned that in his video saying this was an older profile. But keep in mind, my point remains the same. Even if this was from 2013 and this was actually what he weighed in 2013, 235 in the offseason, 2015 to 2020 on stage. Dexter Jackson won the Olympia back in 2008, five years before this bodybuilding profile. So again, the point is if a guy like Dexter's smaller guy can win the Mr. Olympia, Flex Lewis can do well at the Mr. Olympia. This is the only point I'm making. And again, I chose these bodybuilding.com because they were the most reputable out of all the sites. And there were multiple other sites including muscleinfitness.com, which has Dexter Jackson at 218 pounds in competition condition. You had greatest physique.com, which had Dexter at 215 to 225 in contest condition. Of course, you had Wikipedia, which had 215 and 235 contest in offseason. And then of course, you have healthyselebt.com, which has Dexter at 216 in competition condition and 236 in offseason. So people were saying, oh, you didn't do your research. You pulled out some random old article. I did my research. And almost every major bodybuilding website has Dexter listed right where bodybuilding.com had him listed. I just chose to go with bodybuilding.com because they were the most reputable of all those sources. And I even said in my video, these are approximate weights. You weighs about 235 in the offseason. You weighs around 225 on stage. I was just using those numbers to give a little bit more specific reference. Again, I wasn't trying to spread any rumor about Dexter. And then Dexter ended the video with saying that haters implying me, I'm a hater, I'm only motivated him to do better. Have proven to you guys, you have to year time at the time. All the haters don't do number few me. That's the attitude you share. What's the people hating on you? Because hate a god jobs. That's the job. Hey. And I wanted to address that last part. I've never been a hater of Dexter Jackson ever. I just disagreed with the comment that Flex Lewis wasn't big enough for men's open bodybuilding. And then compared him to Dexter's physique because these are both smaller guys. I've even made a video on this channel called the bodybuilder that won everything. And it's a video about how Dexter Jackson has won essentially every single title and bodybuilding. Most of them multiple times. And then making a case for a wide Dexter could arguably be the greatest bodybuilder of all time. So if you think I'm a hater Dexter, I encourage you to check out that video. All my video was intended to do was to say that Flex Lewis could be competitive as an open bodybuilder. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. And please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: NSP Q&A： $500 Giveaway, Corvettes, Promoting Shows, Natural Bodybuilding etc... [-b8PYdL7-3E].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. She's got us keep asking me to do another Q&A, and I aimed to please. So here's another Q&A video for you guys. I'm opening up the forum for you guys to ask questions on my Instagram page. So if you go to that post, you can see all the questions that I was asked. So if you haven't fallen in my Instagram, and you want to participate in the next Q&A, I'm going to put the username right here, and there's also going to be a link in the description. So it's at Nick's strength power if you guys want to ask questions and participate in Q&A's. It's just easier to do it on Instagram because I have less followers on there. And I can actually get to more people's questions, whereas when I do it on YouTube, I get thousands of questions that I can't get through everybody. So let's get started here. So another cool thing for you guys, this video is going to be brought to you by RedCon1. So RedCon1 is offering one of you guys, as watching this video right now, it's going to get a $500 RedCon1 gift card to use on their site for anything you want. They just got in the new MRE bars, it's a really good. They got the MRE light. So $500, all you have to do is like this video, be a subscriber, and leave a comment in the comments section below. And I will pick from one of your comments at random. And one of you guys is going to get a $500 gift card just for watching this video. So thank you guys and advance. I love any opportunity to get back to you guys. Alright, so I got hundreds of questions. I'm just going to be going through on my phone and trying to answer as many as I can. The ones that I think are the best questions. I'm going to try to get to all of you. So if I don't get to you, I'm sorry, but I'm going to do more to you in the future. Hopefully I'll get to everybody. That's the hard part about these man. I love to answer your guys' questions. I love to talk to you guys and interact. There's so many interactions, man. It's hard to get to everybody. But I do appreciate every single one of you that asked the question. I'll try to get to as many of you as possible. So first question is from Joe Hall Fitness. He asked, are you going to be at the Body Power Expo this year? That's in the UK. Unfortunately, I don't think I'm going to be there this year. But I'd like to go there at some point in the future. I'm going to try to travel to more shows within the US. I'm thinking about doing the New York Pro maybe, possibly the Toronto Pro up in Canada. So those are options as well. Best tips for cutting. Obviously, I'm a big fan of the Keto diet. Anything low carb is going to be a good cutting diet for most people in a general sense. Dread not asked. Why does your dad look like a copy-paste of you? I mean, because whatever you're late to do, that's my dad. Alex Karrow weightlifting asks, are you going to compete anytime soon? And if so, do you feel like you know how to prepare better now? So I am planning on competing at some point in 2018. It's not going to be an NPC show this time. I'm going to pick a natural organization. And it's probably going to be in the fall of 2018. And I'm going to do the natural classic divisions. So that's my plan for competing in 2018. Hopefully in the fall. And I do think this time around. I should be able to prepare a little bit better. I'm about five foot nine inches tall. The last show that I did. I cut way too much. I started my prep around 220. And I got down to 143. This time around I'm hoping to be in the mid 150s to maybe the low 160s on stage. So balla tanka asks, how many days a week are you training lately? So lately it's only been about four days a week. I'll do back and buy some Monday, chest and try substitute days. When Wednesdays eat their legs or shoulders. Thursdays eat their legs or shoulders. Alternate those two days. Sometimes Wednesdays an off day. And Friday will be arms Saturday, will either be chest or legs again. And Sunday is pretty much always an off day. But right now it's usually about four days a week. And I might say, you know, most frequently. It's probably Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. The day that I train in the other days. I'm trying to get videos out for you guys because what I do is. I don't just record one video a day or two videos a day. Each week I try to record or have the next week or the videos already recorded. So each week I'm recording a full week of videos for the next week. So it actually does take a pretty good amount of time and effort to be as continuously. Consistent as I am producing videos on doing two videos a day, especially to get those videos out. I mean, it may seem kind of easy to be a YouTuber. But when you're trying to be consistent every single day of the year. And you're talking two videos a day consistent quality. There actually is some time to go into that. So my training has been cut back to about four days a week to focus more on getting you guys the quality. content. But when I start my prep for my next show, I'm definitely going to be doing at least six days a week. So this guy's username is just a bunch of numbers and letters, but he says, What do you think about Jay Cutler? So I've actually met Jay Cutler five times now and Jay Cutler is honestly one of the nicest body blurs that I've met of any IFBB pro and I've met pretty much all of them. This year I met a lot more body blurs that I met in the past. At the Arnold Classic this year I met Big Romney. I met Franco Columbo. I met Jay Cutler again this year. I met Jose Raymond and Jose Raymond actually knew who I was. I met Steve Cookello. He was one of the nicer guys that I ever met. Lionel by Eki Max Charles. Lee Priest, David Henry. I met Sean Ray this year. I met all kinds of guys at the Arnold this year and they were all very nice. But Jay Cutler is one of the most humble and nicest guys considering the fact that he's one four Mr Olympia titles. Jay's just the coolest dude man. He always gives back to his fans. He always goes these expose. I mean, always makes a real effort to try to connect with the people that are taking pictures with them and trying to meet him. I'm a big fan of Jay Cutler as a person and also as a body builder. He had a great physique and incredible physique. My favorite year of Jay Cutler would probably be in 2009. It would probably be the most impressive year for me in terms of Jay Cutler's overall physique. So drag and tamer 5000 ask. Do you prefer being ripped and shredded like you were at your body building show? Or do you prefer to be bulky and strong like you were when you were benching 350? I like being somewhere in the middle. Being ripped is great. You have crazy abs. You constantly have veins and striations all over your body. That's great. But from the mentality standpoint of being ripped, you're always hungry. It's a lot more tired, especially for a natural guy. It might be different for someone taking gear. But for a natural guy, you're going to be hungry all the time. We're going to be tired all the time. You're going to have cravings all the time. And for a guy like me, you know, I like to go out to eat. I like to have a few beers. I like to relax and kick back. But I still like to train and have a decent physique. So it's really for me kind of finding a balance between picking out. And then super crazy, strived. I try to be somewhere in between. Maybe you have one or two females a week. And then eat pretty clean. You know, throughout the rest of the week. But for me, it's probably somewhere around 175, 170. Where I feel my best. And I probably look my biggest because when I'm cut down, I feel like I look pretty small and pretty thin and pretty, you know, just really depleted. But when I'm around 170, I still look pretty big. I don't look fat. And when I get pretty much over, you know, 185 to the 200 range, that's when I start to look pretty fat. So Danny Kenny asks, at the strongest point in your lifting journey, what is the heaviest you could bench press? So the most I could ever bench press was about 340 pounds. And that was maybe two or three years ago. And I was weighing probably close to 190 pounds when I bench that. And it wasn't in a competition. It was just a gym lift. I never really competed in the bench press. And some of the power lifting meets that I did. I do either deadlift only or strict curl only because my bench press really was never that great. I mean, even then, you know, 33340 is not that great of a deadlift for a guy weighing, or not that good of a bench press for a guy weighing 190 pounds. So man with not a plan asks, what are some of your favorite methods for training back? So I love T bar rows, T bar rows are great. I also love bent over rows with a dumbbell where you're brought up on a weight bench and just kind of growing the weight. That's one of my favorite movements as well. And deadlips are awesome too. So that's the good stuff asks how big are your biceps. So right now they're probably between 17 and a half and 18 inches. You guys have seen some pictures on my Instagram. They're not as big as they've been in the past. I was 220, you know, granted I was pretty fat, but my biceps were close to 19 inches around. So that was a pretty good measurement for me. And 18 probably being significantly, or at least a little bit lean, 18 was my biggest. Being around 190 pounds. I wasn't really fat, but I wasn't lean either, but they were a solid 18 plus inches. And I was around 190 and that was probably my sophomore year of college. I think that was pretty big there. So Dylan Hilly, yo, ask, what's your biggest inspiration in the fitness world brand or person, et cetera? So I've got to be also with you guys, Chris Jones from pump chasers, former league, physique's of greatness. That is probably my biggest inspiration in terms of the fitness world. Really probably a physique stand point number one and number two from a business standpoint, because he's shown what's possible. When you're relatable, you have good YouTube content, and you can really reach, you know, a mass audience. He's really showing what's possible with connecting with your audience. I'm really developing a brand that your audience likes. And making a living, just being a fitness personality, not being a pro body builder, not being a crazy, you know, juice head. But just being an average guy with pretty good genetics, really good genetics, actually Chris Jones has amazing genetics. But a natural guy with good genetics, just going to the gym and training every day, like an average gym rat, can develop this massive following, an awesome brand. And I'm going to make a living out of it and be very, very successful as a crazy house. He's got a core vet, which I'm super jealous of, but I'll be getting the same type of core vet that he's got, maybe this may for my birthday. But I'll get it in blue and not red because man, you got to get blue and his people, baby. But yeah, overall Chris Jones, just from an, you know, aspiration standpoint of what I would like to see done with my YouTube channel, creating a brand, creating a community. Being able to connect with your audience, Chris Jones has done an amazing job of doing that. That's one of the things that I would love to do is connect on connect with you guys on the level that Chris Jones seems to be able to do with you guys, because you guys seem to love him or, you know, his followers seem to love him. That's just one of the things that I hope to establish in terms of the community that I have on my channel. So I kind of answered this question already, but cookie fit, kev asks, if your next competition of what do you hope your stage weight will be, I'm hoping mid to high 150s, possibly low 160s. Again, last time it was 143 and again, my height is 5 foot 9, so I'm not a crazy tall guy. So that's why there's numbers in terms of weight are pretty low numbers. So Corey cribs asks, cance de-coats of it get big enough to place top 3 in classic physique. So I believe anything is possible. Personally, I'm not that big of a fan of sedix physique. I don't hate on the guy. I mean, he seems like a good dude. He's got a decent physique. But in terms of what classic physique is all about and what they're looking for, I don't see sedic is being a top 3 guy or a guy that's going to win the classic physique Olympia. I don't think he has enough size, that is one thing. Do I think he could put on enough size? Possibly. But do I think he really has the structure that they're really looking for in classic physique? I don't think so. If you look at Chris Bumps that were brown-ainsing and can pre them to sedic, you're looking at two very, very different structures. I think sedic is just to a point where he's not going to be able to hang with these top guys. He might be a top 6 guy if he puts on a little bit more size, but really a top 3 threat to the Olympia. I just don't really see that. So ha-jong-io says, what do you foresee yourself doing in 5 to 10 years? Do you see yourself operating a gym like Bart Kwan Bradley-Marns? Steve Cook, I hope you never stop posting your concise, no BS, informative videos, no matter what. Thank you for that. I appreciate that, bro. So honestly, my 5 year plan. I have a lot of plans for this channel, man. To be honest with you guys, and one of those things, I would like to open a gym. In the motivation behind that would be to have a place where I could invite these pro bodybuilders to come train. We could do interviews, we could film their workouts, and get a whole new realm of content for this channel. In addition to the type of videos that I'm posting right now, the informational videos, the bodybuilding coverage videos, I think a great auxiliary type of video for the channel would be having these guys come train. Having these guys come talk to me, just a place where they can hang out. Maybe not a gym that's open to the public, but a gym where I can use to make more content for you guys. And that a place that would be a friendly environment for these pros to come train. I happen to talk with several I have to be pros. I'm going to be starting hopefully a new series here on this channel. Very, very soon. Do you guys can look forward to seeing some fresh new content with some actual I have to be pros. Maybe some interviews. That sort of thing. So I do have some things in the works in the near future. But for the long term future of my channel, one of the things that I'm really excited about doing is sponsoring shows. So next week actually, I'm sponsoring the IFBB Indy Pro show. That's going to be an Indianapolis. That is March 31st. If you guys want to come out and meet me, I will be there. And then the week after that, I'm sponsoring a natural bodybuilding show, the Mr. Cincinnati that is an NGA show. And that's one of the things that I'm really excited about doing, and I want to do a lot more of in the future. So one of my main goals with this channel is to give back to the industry that has given me stuff. I've gotten a lot out of this industry. I've gotten a lot from having this YouTube channel. For some people, it's all about maximum number of views, maximum number of, you know, ad cent revenue from their channel. And they're just here to sit back and collect a check. And you're just going to see clickbait videos, you know, talking shit about fake natties or whatever. They're trying to get maximum views, maximum money, sit back and make a check. But what I'm trying to do is I want to give back to the industry that has given me so much. Because if I give back, I'm a strong believer in karma. So if I put in this industry, I'm going to get more out of it. If I return something to it, rather than just constantly taking views, constantly making videos, and just taking from the industry, which I don't feel like I take too much from the industry because I try to contribute a lot of informative videos. Give you guys some educational content, bodybuilding coverage, because there is no TV station for bodybuilding. There's no radio show on the radio for bodybuilding. You guys have to come to YouTube to get up to date bodybuilding information. So I feel like I'm putting a lot out there for you guys in terms of content and giving back in that regard. But I want to start giving back monetarily. Now the reason I say this in a perfect example of this is my video that I did on classic physique. The classic physique prize money at the Arnold Classic first place was only $5,000. So I made a video about it and I said, I would double that prize money. I will contribute $5,000 to the first place winner of the 2019 Arnold Classic. And the reason I said that is because number one, I get a lot of great content for classic physique or from classic physique. So classic physique succeeds, I succeed. So if I double the prize money at classic physique at the Arnold Classic, there's going to be more people wanting to compete in the Arnold Classic. The caliber of competition is going to be raised. The competitors will be happier. The shows will be better. And in return, I will have better content to offer to you guys. So that's a perfect example of me giving back and getting something back out of it. Because a classic physique as a division, if that successful, I will in turn be successful because I'm a big proponent of classic physique, which is why I promoted on my channel because I wanted to work. I wanted to be successful. So giving money to that division is a way that I can give back and helped that division and that division will help me by growing. And I can cover more classic physique shows. So to make a long story short, my 5 to 10 year plan will be to get a lot more into promoting shows, sponsoring shows, and giving back from monetary standpoint. I like to have a gym as well. I like to have some kind of merchandise on my channel. That's another thing that I would like to do. Maybe start some kind of brand relating to old school body building something like that. The build more of a sense of community. Like I said, looking up to a guy like Chris Jones, one of the things that made his community a community is pump chasers. It's something that people felt like they could relate to. They were chasing a pump. I felt like people were passionate about it. And as a result, it became a highly successful brand. So my 5 to 10 year plan would definitely involve some sort of brand building on this channel. Again, rather than just making videos, I want to make it something deeper than that. And I've got a lot of plans going forward to do so. So Nick Nolller asks, Lee Priest, the verses Dorian Yates, I'd have to go with Lee Priest man just because he's my favorite of all time. All right, so TASIC 4. This is a question. I get all the time. I'm going to dress it for the last time. This is the last time I'm going to talk about this guys. So he asks, why did you block Kenny Bale? I saw a video where he said you blocked him and I was wondering why. All right, so I want to clear this up for the last time. So Kenny Bale is a guy. He's got a YouTube channel. He makes a lot of Natty or not videos. That sort of thing. He kind of made a reputation for himself as bashing other YouTubers. And he calls himself kind of the truth and fitness. And he calls out all these guys. So while I go, Kenny K.O. made a video saying that I blocked him on Instagram. And the truth of the matter is when he made that video, I had not blocked the guy on Instagram. I never even heard of the guy. I didn't know who he was. But he made this video and people kept sending it to me. So I clicked a video and watched it. And essentially he types in the name of my Instagram account wrong. And naturally, my Instagram account does not come up because he spelled the name of my account wrong. I didn't block the guy. He couldn't find my account. And he made a whole video just based on the fact that he couldn't find my account. Assuming that I blocked him and kind of throwing me under the bus as this bad guy for blocking him for no reason. Saying he was nothing but nice to me and all this stuff. And when the reality of it was, I never blocked this guy. Never blocked him. Didn't even know who he was. But the truth is when I saw this video, I looked at his channel to see what kind of content he has. The see who this guy was. And all I saw was fake nasty videos and just videos calling people out. So like, okay, this guy wants me to be next on his list. He wants to call me out next for blocking him. He's just trying to get some easy content. He didn't even ask me if I blocked him. He didn't reach out to ask. I didn't really spend the time to find my email address or message me on YouTube or really confirm that I had actually blocked him. He has typed in the name of my account and couldn't find it. So when I saw that he was throwing me under the bus and I saw what kind of content he had on his channel. Then I blocked the guy because I thought, you know, screw this guy. He's making a whole video throwing me under the bus for blocking him, which I didn't even do. And now, you know, all these people are hating on me for blocking this guy, which I didn't block him. So I'm getting heat forward anyway. So now I'm just going to block him because people already think I blocked him regardless. So I just blocked him. The truth of the matter is I don't have beef with Kenny K.O. I've never made a single video talking negatively about him. Although apparently he's made like four videos where he'll sneak in like a little dissent me. He'll call me small. He'll say my channel sucks. He'll say his videos are better than mine. You know, throwing this is at me. I've never talked about him on my channel. I've never made a video about him. I've never said a negative word about the guy. There's no beef between us. I don't care about this stupid drama. But yes, I did block him after he made that video just because I don't want to be associated with him. I don't want someone like that looking at my profile because that's what he seems to do on his channel as go through people's Instagram accounts. Look at pictures, talk shit, call him a fake nanny. I don't want to be associated with that. So I blocked him. I'm really the fact that he never reached out to me to see why I blocked him, which I didn't. Really rubbed me the wrong way. They just pulled the trigger and made a video about me without even asking me about it. It just really kind of piss me off. So that's why I blocked him after I saw the video. Overall, I just don't really care for the guy. Alright, so the div, you know, G asks, why don't you make more vids on a workout related content, training programs, routines, etc. So actually, do you have a couple hundred videos on my channel doing workout routines, explaining different exercises for your arms or back, your chest, whatever, you know, what have you. But I kind of got away from that and focusing more on the bodybuilding history, the bodybuilding coverage, because that's what I want my channel to kind of become is more of a bodybuilding media outlet to go to for coverage, more so than, you know, an athlete next type of channel where they do a bunch of different workout splits and stuff like that. And I was thinking about starting maybe a separate channel for that sort of thing, doing workout tutorials or something like that, if people want to see it. Because I do get a lot of requests for that. Now one thing I am planning on doing is adding in more vlogs than my channel. So I don't mean like the daily vlogs that you'll see on like a Logan Pollachannel, you know, just me eating or drinking or whatever, just data activities, not that type of stuff. So maybe a once a week vlog and, you know, maybe only when I travel. So I think something that would be interesting and that you guys would like to see in vlog format would be when I travel to these bodybuilding shows like the indie pro, like the Mr. Cincinnati, like the Arnold Classic, like the Mr. Olympia, like the New York pro, whatever show it may be, showing you guys the behind the scenes part of traveling that show going backstage, going to the press pit, taking pictures, meeting pros, meeting fans, you know, meeting whoever. And that's one of my main goals for 2018 is to just get out there more, go to more shows and give you guys a more diverse range of content. Even though a lot of you guys do enjoy the main type of content that I make with the, you know, bodybuilding history bodybuilding coverage. I think a lot of people would enjoy seeing behind the scenes at a pro show, behind the scenes at a local show, or just people that have never seen, you know, a natural bodybuilding show. Getting some footage of some natural shows, some natural guys, you know, maybe showing how the drug testing works at a natural show. You know, maybe filming a judging panel at a pro show, something like that behind the scenes stuff that you don't normally see. That's the kind of vlogs that I would like to make is traveling the different pro shows, going to expose going to events, and kind of showing you guys the world of bodybuilding outside of just YouTube videos and giving you guys a different perspective from, you know, kind of, behind the scenes, the lens of what's going on. I think you guys really liked that. And comment in the comments section below if you would like to see more stuff like that. So meet headshed asks, what advice would you give to someone who's young and wants to start competing? So my number one advice would be to stay natural, don't give into the urge to get big, really quickly and take steroids. Just stay natural, start slow, build a good foundation and take your time. That's the number one advice I'd give to a young guy looking at a compete. So I think that's a damn sivlaga asks, do you work out with your father? I actually used to. We used to work out the same gym and now we don't. We work out at different gyms. Always really have different schedules. So that's why we don't work out together anymore. But I used to and I did for a long time when the love asks, what do you think about bringing on ANZs victory pose? You should do more videos of some classic physique bodybuilding poses. So I think Brianna does have an amazing victory pose. I pretty much love any pose where he doesn't overhead arm shot. I think he has incredible arms for a lot of those front poses. That really helps him pull off. You know, those really classic lines and classic look. Having those amazing arms, the pull off of victory pose kind of like Frank Zane. This is more like Frank Zane's more so than surgevily. But what do you think about drinking and smoking and bodybuilding? So personally, I think smoking has no place in bodybuilding whatsoever. Drinking, you can work it in, man. I like to have a drink every once in a while. I don't, it's definitely not intuitive for bodybuilding. It's definitely counterintuitive. But you know, you got to relax every once in a while. But it's definitely not going to help your bodybuilding career. But it's not going to destroy it either as long as you're not an alcoholic. So I am anchor 97 asks. I know there is no replacement for hedge. But would you consider getting a hamster anytime soon? I'm not going to get another small pet for a very, very long time and hedge was probably, you know, the first and last possibly hedgehog that I'll ever get. I mean, I just don't want to get anything else. That resembles hedge. Heads was the man, man. Heads is irreplaceable. Russian little let ask. Do you think you'll ever do videos on natural bodybuilding such as the IP, WNBF or OCB? Now I answered this question earlier and definitely I'm definitely looking to promote more natural bodybuilding shows. I'm definitely looking to go cover more natural bodybuilding shows. But specifically, I'm starting with the organization known as the NGA. So I'm sponsoring the NGA Mr. Cincinnati. Again, I believe that is the first weekend of April. If you guys want to come out and meet me there, I'll be there. I'll see my banner on stage behind all the competitors. That'll be cool as well. So yeah, natural bodybuilding is definitely going to have a larger role on my channel, specifically in the vlog form. So they know and say no ask. Why do you always like Brad, fake, weight, dingo berries and cigarette posts? I like them ironically. I don't like them because I like them. I like them so people see Nick's right in the power like this because most people know I'm liking it, you know, for the irony of liking it. So Eric Witzky asks, what is your favorite sport outside of bodybuilding and powerlifting? Also, do you participate in any sports outside of bodybuilding and powerlifting? So I don't participate in any sports outside of bodybuilding and powerlifting. I'm a little bit into archery. You know, I'm not so much into it now, but about a year ago I was getting into it pretty deeply. My favorite sport that I like to watch though would probably be either the NFL or probably the UFC. So Troy, the bra asks, if you reach a plateau, would you consider taking steroids? No chance. Alright, so this is a good question. Emblu is 199 asked. How do competitors get pumped up for a show? Obviously they do some sort of workout right before they go on stage. How many reps full body movements? Lighter heavy weight. So that's actually a great question. And in the early days when I was going to the Arnold Classic back in 2009, 2010, 2011, they actually let me go backstage in the pump up room. So basically they have a whole gym set up backstage for these bodybuilders to work out. And for the most part, I would say most bodybuilders pumped up with dumbbells. Some of them use bands, resistance bands, but for the most part I saw a lot of dumbbell training. A lot of shoulder flies, a lot of curls. Some people even hop on the bench press the pump up their chest. But I'd say the number two things that I would see pro bodybuilders doing are the two number one things that I would see them doing. Number one, some sort of dumbbell movement and number two push-ups. So Dave, the G1 asked, how often do you do cardio and how long? So I do cardio, I try to do it every single day and I try to do it for 60 to 90 minutes. How long the episode at WWE that I'm watching? I like to watch, you know, just random TV shows while I'm on the treadmill to make the time go quicker. But I try to do it at least an hour a day while maintaining a somewhat high daily caloric intake. How old are you? And when did you get interested in bodybuilding? That's a good question. I'm 24 years old right now. And I first got interested in bodybuilding. I think my dad showed me my first flex magazine maybe when I was 12 or 13. So that's when I got started. Did you go to college? And if so, where and what did you major in, did you finish? So I did go to college. I went to Northern Kentucky University. I studied health science. My major was health science and my minor was psychology. So I got a bachelor's degree of science in health science as well the minor in psychology. It took me like five or six years to graduate because I was bullshitting and you know, taking some messers off. But I did finish college. I was 23 when I finished. I actually am very proud of the fact that I did finish college because something that, you know, I really worked hard for it took me a long time to do. And I think it was just a big milestone in my life. Now, granted right now I'm doing this YouTube thing and I'm not using my degree at all. But this could all change and go away. And at least I have, you know, a degree and an education to fall back on. If YouTube disappeared tomorrow, it's not like I would be shit out of luck because I am educated and I have a degree. And there's, there's always something I'm going to be able to do with that if this doesn't work out, the way that I see it working in the future. So James Watts 98 asks, when will you be competing again and will you vlog it? Again, probably in the fall and I'm definitely going to vlog it. RIP heads, do you have any other animals? I do have a pet Yorkie. She's actually laying down over there and her name is Peanut. Name after Ronnie Coleman. Eight nothing but a peanut. So Georgia's, Ioka Damis asks, since they are natural shows, why are you not competing that often? So I'm not really sure what you mean by the fact that they're natural and white and white and white, and I can peat that often, but the reason I don't compete that often is because I'm not that passionate about actually competing. So the thing is, you know, being a fan of pro body building, it's like being a fan of being a NFL. I mean, you can be a high school football player and be a diehard NFL fan, even though you're never going to be in the NFL, just because it's something that you enjoy doing. So I enjoy working out, I enjoy making changes to my body. But I really don't enjoy depleting my body down to the point where I just feel like shit. I might be shredded, I might look good, but I don't really like depleting myself down that low. And I definitely don't like doing it more than once a year. So watching pro body building, you know, it's good for a body building fan because we can kind of live by cariously through what these pro body builders are doing. And I think that's why the fan base for pro body building is so big. Because I think 99% of the people watching it are never going to be pro body builders. We just enjoy seeing, you know, what the potential is for someone to push their body on stage. And it's something that most of us are never going to do. 99% of us, I would say, if you've ever walked around a body building expo, you can look around a lot of them are younger guys, most of them are gym rats, college age guys, high school age guys. Most of them are never going to be on an IFB stage. Myself is included in that category. I'm a massive fan of pro body building, but it's not because I want to be a pro body, but it's not because I want to compete all the time, it's because I like seeing what's possible with the human body. It doesn't mean I want to do that to myself, but it's just very entertaining. I like watching the NFL as well, but I don't want to, you know, get tackled by a 300 pound guy. I like watching the UFC, but I don't want to get my face beaten, but it's fun to watch two guys beat each other's faces in. So the point that I'm getting at man is just because I'm a fan of pro body building. It doesn't mean I'm a fan of competing and it's certainly not something that I want to do. Very often, it just takes a lot of time and energy and effort. There's really no monetary gain whatsoever from being a natural body builder, because you're spending a ton of money on entry fees and food and supplements or whatever have you, and you're making no money in return. So it's really, it's not cost effective, it's not time effective. Under depleting your body multiple times a year, it's just something that, you know, that's got to be your career. If you want to be a pro natural body builder, and you want to focus on that 24-7, that better be your career, you better be training other natural body builders, and you better be making money from your physique alone. And that's something I never want to do. I never want to be the guy that makes money just off of his physique. I want to have other things going in business rather than just being a guy that competes all the time and people know me as that perennial competitor. It's just not something I'm really that interested in. I'm much more interested in the media side of things and bringing information to people. I'm I think, you know, a talent that I have that is much bigger than my physique is, you know, my voice. I think I have the ability to speak to a lot of people. I have this platform. I think I'm able to, you know, narrate these videos and tell stories in a way that obviously makes people want to watch. It makes people want to subscribe. It makes people want to keep watching. I mean, that's evident by the views in the watch time. And the number of subscribers that keep going up in every single month. The main common thread to all my videos is my voice and the way that I narrate my videos. So I'm much more interested in the future of what I can do in terms of promoting the sport of body building, using my voice, using my channel and just using my ability to narrate. That's going to get me a lot further in what I want to do than trying to use my body as a natural body builder to promote my channel. So that's my whole mentality on this whole thing. All right, so I'm going to do a couple more questions because this video is getting pretty long and they're still, they're still hundreds more questions on here. But a Zecule David Valdez asked, when are you getting the new Corvette? So that's a good question. I want to get the Corvette very soon, but I have to wait till taxis and it's over because I got to pay taxes here in mid-April. And you can't make money on YouTube, but the fact of the matter is, if you're making money on YouTube, the IRS is going to get you. They're going to tax the shit out of you. I'm paying a lot of money in taxes. I want to see exactly how much money I have left over after I pay taxes before I go and spend $50,000 on a car. I want to see exactly how bad the IRS is going to hit me first because, you know, self-employment tax is a bitch, especially if you're making money off of YouTube. The way it works is man, the IRS, they just don't want you to win. They don't want anybody to get ahead. If you finally find a hustle for yourself and you find a way to make money on the side, where you're not having to work in nine to five all the time, and you can make a decent amount of money off of something that's not traditional, the IRS is going to take their piece of that pie. You better believe they're going to take as much as they can. If you get ahead through a non-traditional means, they're going to take as much as they can on that pie that you got, and they're going to eat the shit out of it. So that's the thing that a lot of YouTubers don't talk about is the fact that, yeah, you can make money on YouTube, but I'm looking at paying over 50% of my income in taxes. That's what I'm looking at right now for the tax being a self-employed YouTuber. So yeah, you can make money, but taxes are going to be a bitch. And that's the thing that comes back to buy a lot of YouTubers in the ass is that YouTube doesn't automatically take taxes out of your checks. So you've got all this money coming into your bank account that you haven't paid taxes on yet. So a lot of people are going to go ahead and spend that money before tax season comes around. And they don't know what's coming. Tax season comes. They owe $60,000. They've spent all the money they've made on YouTube. And they're screwed. So fortunately, I haven't spent a whole lot of the money that I made on YouTube. The biggest purchase that I made was that $10,000 corvette that I bought back into lie. And that's pretty much the only really big thing that I bought. I bought my computers. I was only a couple thousand dollars. So I've got the majority of my YouTube money still in the bank. But the IRS is about to take a big old buy out of that. But to make a long story short, I want to buy my new corvette before my birthday. My birthday is May 11th. And I want to have the corvette between when I pay taxes in May 11th. Just because I wanted on my birthday. And another thing I want to touch on is why I want to corvette. I don't want to corvette because I'm like a flashy car guy. I don't worry like a lot of designer clothes. I'm not trying to be that guy. That douche bag that likes the flashes money around. As you can see, I'm not even wearing a watch. But I'm just really, really passionate about corvets. It's a dream that I've had for a very long time to be able to buy a new corvette. Ever since I was little, I wanted to corvette. So the first thing I bought when I started to have money was that classic corvette. My 1977 C3. And when I bought that classic corvette, I got bit really hard by the corvette bug. As soon as I got that stingray, I wanted a new stingray. I wanted a C7. So I told myself, I promise myself, as soon as I was able to do that. As soon as I was able to buy myself a C7, I would buy myself a C7. So I'm not buying it because I want to be flashy. But I'm buying it because I set that goal for myself. And when I buy that corvette, it's going to mean a lot to me. It's going to be achieving a very, very big goal for myself. It's something that I've always dreamed of, something that I just set for myself to do. It's just something that I need to do. Just to prove to myself, hey, you've gotten really far and you've been able to do this. Because maybe six months before I bought that classic corvette, I told myself, I'll starting to make a little bit of money on YouTube. I told myself, one day, I'm going to buy a classic corvette. Six months later, I had that corvette. And when I got it, I told myself, hey, you're doing something here. One day, you're going to be able to buy yourself a new corvette. You're going to be able to buy yourself a C7. Set that goal for yourself in the back of your mind. And I did. And now I'm able to do that. I'm able to do it right now. I just want to make sure that the taxes are going to be what I think they are. It's not going to be anything crazy before I go and buy the corvette. I'm definitely going to have enough money left over, but I don't want to be broke from buying a corvette. Because what I want to do is, I want to buy the corvette and cash. I don't want to car note. I don't want to car payment. I don't want to have any kind of debt. I want to buy the entire thing and cash. So I'm waiting for these taxes to hit. So I can just take all the money and go buy a corvette, cash money. Just, you know, just to get it done. I'm not going to be the guy that has a car note that they can't afford. I'm going to have that car and cash. If I ever need to sell it, I can sell it for the full, you know, whatever I want to get for it. And I'm not going to owe any money on that car. All right, so I'm sorry. I didn't get to all your guys' questions, but I'm going to do one final question here because this video is getting really, really long. So, shift the aws 10 ask. What's it like being a notable YouTuber now has it changed how you approach certain situations or not? So it's actually really mind blowing to be in the position that I'm in. I do really enjoy being a YouTuber. I don't consider myself famous. I don't really consider myself notable as you put it. But it has changed a lot of things. Like I said, I've been going to the Arnold Classic for 10 years now. And this year was certainly, you know, the most different experience that I've ever had at an Arnold Classic. The number of you guys that came up to me during the Arnold Classic blew my mind. I mean, pretty much every line that I was waiting in. And I was wearing a Nickstrandt, a power shirt that people coming up to me left and right. And, you know, in past years at the Arnold Classic, obviously, nobody knew who I was because I was a nobody. I still think I am a nobody, but the fact that so many people recognize me, it really changed my Arnold Classic expo experience. So the whole, it was a whole different thing. People are coming up and taking pictures with me. While I was still waiting to take pictures with, you know, the big romis and the leepreists. There are people coming up to me while I was in line waiting to get a picture to ask me for a picture. And that was mind blowing. That changed kind of my expo experience. And it was the same way at the Olympia. So the main thing that it changed is my appreciation for you guys because I realized you guys aren't just numbers on a computer. You guys aren't just random user names in my comment section. You guys are real life people out there that are fans of my channel and coming up to me. It's just really reaffirms that I'm doing something right. It's not just, you know, anonymous troll comments. It's not just anonymous accounts. It's not just numbers. It's actual people that I get to meet. It's actual people that are in the gym lifting. They've got good physique. These are guys that are out there killing it. That love my content to get motivated. There's one bodybuilding coverage of their one information. They want news. I mean, they come up to me to meet me. It is really validates what I'm doing around this channel. So I appreciate each and every single one of you guys. That's going to be the Q&A guys. I'm don't forget. I'm giving away a $500 red condo and gift card. All you got to do is like this video and comment this video. And you got to be a subscriber obviously. And I'll just pick a random comment to get that $500 gift card. And you'll have to send me your information. You're to send over to red condo. Give you guys a gift card. So please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And if you want to see more Q&A. Thank you guys so much for watching. Next time of a power signing out.

=== FILE: Nick Walker Explains Split With His Coach + Derek Lunsford's Olympia Panic Attack Backstage + MORE [VnXPsFpkuh0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys today, Nick Walker. A couple new physique updates of Nick Walker and also, he talks a little bit more about why he left his coach Kyle Wilk. So this clip is from a Fouad's podcast. And Nick says, well, here I'll just roll the clip for you guys here. I don't because if I start, it's just, I'm going to, I'm going to literally go go the fucking in. So I'm going to be the bigger person again for the thousand times in my life. And I'm just going to say, I just did not like some, the way his methods were. I didn't line with what I do. And it was just best that I started to do my own thing. So Nick says I'm going to be the bigger person again for the thousandth time in my life. And I'm just going to say I did not like the way his methods were. It didn't align with what I do. And it was just best that I started to do my own thing. And I think, you know, I want to be fair to Nick here because there's a lot of people dunking on Nick right now for leaving yet another coach. And yes, Nick has kind of bounced from coach to coach. It seems like that has kind of become almost a pattern with him. But two next credit, he did call him. He didn't just ghost him. He didn't just block him. He called him and said, no, I don't want to work together anymore. And as a body builder, I do feel like if you don't like your coaching situation, you shouldn't, I guess you shouldn't feel obligated to stay. And if you just, if you don't like their methods or what they're doing, and you want to go and work with someone else, coach or self, whatever, and you give him a phone call and express that, is it that big of a deal, I guess, is the question. Now I think obviously the concern from body building fans is that on face value, it looks like what Nick is doing is as soon as he has a bad placing, blames the coach, leaves the coach. On face value, it does look like that. I do get that. And I agree with that actually. It does kind of look that way. He stays with him for New York. He stays with him for Pittsburgh. Two very good looks, one of them being a win, battle, and be a placing, splits with the coach. I would have liked to see Nick stick with Kyle. Take the information from the Olympia placing and the Olympia look, try to fix it and come back and do another show. But Nick is the body builder. If Nick doesn't want to do that, he doesn't really have to. And honestly, they did unfollow each other or at least, I believe Kyle said he didn't unfollow Nick, but Nick like removed him as a follower and then Nick unfollowed him. But aside from that, and aside from Nick saying he didn't like the Pittsburgh look, which seemed to be the biggest thing that Kyle had an issue with when I was watching the podcast of Kyle address it, aside from those two things, it doesn't seem to be like any real drama about this decision. It does kind of seem like Nick is saying, I didn't like my Olympia look. I don't like my coach's methods. I want to try something different. It does seem like based on what we've heard so far. There might not be much more to it than that. And Nick has been through so many coaches at this point, like I said, I get it and I agree with that. I think it is, I think it is alarming as a Nick Walker fan to see him change coach this many times. But I guess we never really know. Sometimes it's valid, sometimes it's not. And like I said in a previous video, I feel like sometimes the role of a coach may be overstated and maybe if an athlete is just that good, they're just that good, Samson being the prime example of that, you know, being brought by his wife and notice respect to his wife, but he won the Olympia after leaving mellows his coach to be coached by his wife. And obviously that's not accounting for this year, but Samson did win the Olympia after leaving his coach in doing his own thing. Now, that doesn't mean that's going to be the case for Nick, but maybe it could be. We've seen it recently happen. And so while we kind of sit here and speculate what's going to be next for Nick, I think it might still be the Arnold. Samson is also an interesting conversation too. I saw a post on Instagram, the other day that said, Samson has not won a single show that he's competed in since he won the Olympia. And I thought that was an interesting fact. The Arnold this year, the Olympia this year and Prague this year after Samson won the Olympia, he lost every show after that. And it really does beg the question, what's next for Samson? Possibly the Arnold. But I'm going to be honest with you guys. I have a feeling if Samson does do the Arnold. I feel like he's not going to win it. I feel like it's too soon after the Olympia in Prague. And I feel like he's on a losing streak right now. That's really kind of the fact of the matter. I'm thinking this is probably a back to the drawing board moment for Samson after the Prague show. And I think you think about like, you've already gotten Martin and Andrew Jack confirmed that they're doing the Arnold. I don't think that in a couple of months, Samson is going to turn around and be Andrew and Martin again. I think if Martin keeps bringing what he brought in Prague, he's only going to be moving up. I can't see him moving backwards if he keeps bringing looks like that. And we all know how everybody feels about Andrew Jack. I don't think that now that Andrew has figured out what he needs to bring to be in that top three conversation, it's going to take a lot for Samson to come back and get him out of it. Now I did see this post earlier today. This is on this fit dude's body building Facebook page that is Terek El Gundi saying Derek Elun's for it is competing in the 2026 Arnold Classic. Now I sent this to some of the folks at the Arnold, just to verify it. And they said to their knowledge as of right now they haven't heard from him and he's not doing it. Now I was a little surprised to see this post because we heard what Derek said at the Sunday seminar after the Olympia. He said that he's taking a break. He wants to get back to his family. He won the three shows that he wanted to win in 2025. The Pittsburgh, the Arnold, the Olympia, the triple crown. He's got another kid on the way. He just announced that recently another baby on the way. I don't think that we see Derek do this show. On top of that, I don't think he probably wants to. I feel like Derek needs and wants this break from competing because look, every time he competes, especially the Olympia, look at the wave of hate that Derek has gotten this year. And look, I get it. People don't like Derek's physique. They don't like his biases. And trust me, I agree. I like Tati Chupin better. But I'm not a judge. I would have rather seen how do you win than Derek. That's legitimately what I think. I get it. But I'm kind of starting to feel bad for Derek because again, Derek's not a judge. Derek did not pick himself to win the show. So I think if you don't like the result, take it up with the judges. Don't take it up with Derek. Derek, it's not his fault that he won. And I kind of feel bad for him because I did a short video about this yesterday. Derek's coach Chris Asito on RX muscle was talking about what happened with Derek. So just to catch you guys up, backstage at the 2025 Mr Olympia. Derek wasn't feeling well. If you guys noticed and most of you guys are pretty astute bodybuilding fans, so you guys noticed that when they did the finals routines at the Olympia, Derek was the last person to go, not Samsung. A lot of people noticed this because every year at the Olympia, the returning defending champion is always the last to go. Derek was not the returning defending champion. Samsung is. So why was Derek last and not Samsung? That was a big point of discussion on the microphone Bob Chikarilla made a point to say that Derek wasn't feeling well backstage. And that was the reason for the slight delay with the start time of finals. I believe men's up in bodybuilding started maybe 30 minutes late. And then Derek was moved to the end of the individual routines that he was the very last guy. So a lot of people and there's I've seen all kinds of speculation about what was going on with this. The diuretic thing I saw, the, I saw people saying that he passed out. I saw people saying he was having chest pains. I saw everything in between. And Derek's coach, Chris Asido came out to clarify and said that Derek was having a panic attack backstage at the Olympia. It was his anxiety getting the best of him. Here's what Chris Asido had to say in full. But if I tell you what it's got to do it, I wanted to discount the idea that he had any serious health issue at all backstage. His pupils were not dilated. He was not sweating. He was not sweating profusely. His blood pressure was not high. You can interpret that date. His blood pressure was low. His blood sugar, which indicates things as you know, was 100% normal. His resting heart rate was that of a tennis father, sitting in the stands of a tennis match, which means his resting heart rate was 100% normal. He had no cramps whatsoever, no cramps whatsoever. I don't know how many times I have to say that. So this idea that he was cramping up or had any issues with diuretics is ridiculous. At the Olympia, he had backstage a panic attack. And so when I was called, the reason I walked from my seat from you through the venue, like I was walking board through the main mall, is because I was surprised that he, you know, he had asked Freddie to see if Chris become backstage. And I thought he was just, you know, he was having must be having a lot of anxiety. He asked me for me to come backstage. So when I came backstage, I recognized that it was greater than anxiety this time. And usually when I could, you know, connect with him quickly and, you know, joke around or, you know, just, there's a lot of personal stuff that I talked about that I know how to be genuine with him. That's it. To be genuine with him, to listen to him, to be able to like alleviate anxiety. And in this case, it was beyond that. And I saw that because I was thinking, okay, this is not working. And, and he's a little bit, well, I'm not familiar with panic attacks either. So I didn't, I wasn't sure. What do you said after the show to me, you know, Chris, I know, I know my anxiety. And, you know, that's, I can work through that. But I didn't know what a panic attack even really was. So I couldn't recognize it. Well, recognize what was happening. Now, look, I bring this up to say, I think it's important to understand why he went last in that he wasn't having a medical emergency or at least that's what they're saying. I think that's important to clear that up for one. But for two, I kind of imagined that that panic attack could have been caused by Derek seeing the discussion online. Now this was before the show was over. So it wasn't nearly what it is now because we didn't know that Derek had won yet. But I was reading the comments even after pre-judging before finals had started. And people just do not like Derek's physique. They did not like that he was in the middle at pre-judging. They didn't like that he was being compared for the win. I kind of imagined that that is something that Derek started to see. And I think that could be the reason for the panic attack. And I know people will just say, well, he's a pro body builder. He should have thicker skin. He should get over it. Fine, that's fine. I still do just feel a little bit bad for him. And especially now because if he was having that type of anxiety reaction before finals was over about the stress and the pressure or whatever, imagine how he probably feels now that the result is out and he won and beat Hottie and Andrew. Imagine how he feels now. If he looks at any comments on social media or reads anything about the Olympia result, I don't think he's going to be very happy. And I say all that to say when it comes to the Arnold and he's already told us he wants a break and wants to focus on his family and he's got another baby on the way. I believe that and I also take this into consideration. If he's looking at everything on social media right now, which I'm sure there's no way he hasn't seen like the overwhelming negative response to his win. I think the majority of body building fans like more than 50% seem to disagree with him winning. I bet mentally he's exhausted. I bet he's thinking, you know, what more can I do at this point? I won the Pittsburgh. I won the Arnold. I won the Olympia. And still they don't like my physique. Then every time I win a show, it seems like the fans just dislike me more. And yes, it's 750 grand. It's a lot of money and maybe he says screw it and doesn't anyway because the money is probably worth more than the fan response here if he wins. But if he's already mentally exhausted enough that he is impacting the the way the Olympia finals is run with his anxiety, I think he probably should take a break. I think he probably should sit out the Arnold. He had a financially fantastic year by winning, you know, winning the Arnold Pittsburgh and Olympia is big just in titles alone. But the amount of money he won was crazy between those three shows in a lung calendar year. He doesn't necessarily need the 750 grand at the Arnold this year, but next year. But it is a lot of money. I think take a mental break. I would love to see, hotty do this Arnold. I would love to see, you know, we already know Andrew and Martin. You know, between those three guys, I would love to see one of the three when the Arnold hotty or Andrew or Martin. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. What do you think the future holds for really all of these guys that we talked about in this video. Dr. Samson Dada, Derek Lundsford, what do you think the next show is going to be for these guys? And I just do think, you know, I've seen people say, why are you being so nice to Derek Lundsford? And I just do think like it's important to keep in mind. Derek is just the competitor. The judges picked him to win. If you're going to be mad at somebody, be mad at the judges. But I just kind of feel bad for Derek. I've looked at the comments. He's getting a enormous amount of hate right now. And all he did was win. He just was pit to win. And it's kind of an interesting phenomena that I don't think we've really seen before. We may be seen glimpses of it in the past. But it's almost to the point now where if Derek winning the Olympia this year, it's almost just like the win made him more hated. And this is probably the first time in bodybuilding history that I think if Derek wins the Olympia next year, again, it would almost be better for him to not win. I think the amount of hate that Derek would get if he wins the Olympia again next year makes it almost not even worth it to win that title. I don't even think it matters how he looks. If he's on, if he's off, if he's 110% if he's 120% if he beats HODY and Andrew again next year, no matter how he looks, I think people will lose their minds. And it's an interesting dilemma to think of. You're winning the Olympia title. But it's almost not even worth it. And it might not even be worth it for a moment at this point. Because I mean you guys know, you guys see it. This is the most hate I think I've seen a bodybuilder get since, you know, like 2017 Phil Heath. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Make sure you like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already. And as always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's strength and power signing out. All right, guys. Don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel. If you enjoy the content, also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Official Olympia Press Release： Phil Heath ＂No comment on Fan vote＂ [QPWC95QJ4Vo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's driving power. So I've got a little bit more information for you guys now about the fan voting at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So a couple of days ago, American Media Inc or AMI, which is essentially the company behind the Mr. Olympia put out an official press release regarding the fan voting. So there's a couple of things I wanted to talk about in this press release that really stood out to me here. So in this press release they talk about how the voting is going to happen. So this is something we've all been wondering about, you know, how are the people going to cast votes? Is it going to be an app they can download on their phone? Is it going to be something online? Is it going to be a physical vote? How's it going to happen? So in this article, they actually discuss how it's going to happen. So they say, ticket holders for the judging round on Friday and the finals on Saturday will receive a special code with which they can evaluate each competitor and cast their votes on their phones. The fan votes will be added up and collectively counted as one vote, joining the votes of the judges on the panel. So that's kind of what we thought on the fan vote would just be an additional vote like an additional judge at the table collectively added up. So it appears there's not going to be any kind of special devices or anything. It's just going to be a code given out, probably an app or something you text in your vote from your seat. To explain that a little bit more, essentially how bodybuilding judging works is that the lowest score becomes the winner of the Mr. Olympia. So the voting is based on what placing the judges think you have. So obviously, if every judge votes you in first place and you get six votes for one, your score would be six and that would be the lowest score. So you would win because the most people voted for you in first. So if all the judges vote for you in second, your score would be 12, so 12 versus six, six wins. So it looks to me the fan voting is going to be which bodybuilder gets the most votes for first place from the fan and that vote will be added to the judging panel. So for instance, let's say fill he gets all votes from the judges for first place and let's say big Romney gets straight votes for second. So you're going to have a score of six to 12, which you see that number theoretically. Let's say all the fans vote for big Romney to win the show. So big Romney has all other votes for second and then one fan vote for first place. That fan vote isn't going to help big Romney. It's not going to make him win the Olympia. And that's an area. Then they crown big Romney the people's champion and the fans vote doesn't really change anything. However, there have been many decisions in the past and bodybuilding where it comes down to a one point decision. So you could say let's say it's a tie. So let's say three judges have a guy in second, but three judges have that guy in first. Then the other guy is the same story. Three votes for second, three votes for first. They would have the same score. That in the fan vote in there, that one point could make a difference. So there is kind of a rare scenario where the fan vote could make a difference. But in the most likely case, the fans vote is going to end up being the lowest score. And since the lowest and highest scores are always thrown out to eliminate bias in bodybuilding, the fan vote is probably going to be thrown out most of the time. And it won't really change a result unless it's a very, very close decision in which case it could change a result. So there is the potential that it could matter. But I would say in most cases, the fan vote isn't going to change a whole lot at the Olympia decision. But the other interesting thing that stood out to me about this press release is the way they kind of presented Phil Heath almost in a negative light in this article. So they went to go and kind of quote basically the main challenges to the Olympia title. You got a quote from William Bonac, a quote from Sean Rodin, a quote from Dexter Jackson. Where all these guys are saying the fan voting is a great idea. And finally, they go down to Phil Heath and they say, and I quote, interestingly enough, Phil Heath, the current Mr. Olympia who will be going for his record, a Sandout trophy, had no comment on the fan voting. So it almost looks like they tried to frame this press release as it's a possibility that Phil Heath could be defeated because of this fan voting thing, which, you know, it makes sense. They want to generate hype around the fan voting and they want to present this idea in the back of people's minds that they're going to be able to change a result. And really the reason I think this is because if Phil Heath had no comment, they could have just not included Phil Heath at all, but they wanted to make sure they pointed out that Phil Heath had no comment. Because they knew exactly how that would look in the press release, having all these guys saying it's great and finally end it with Phil Heath saying no comment or they could have just left out the Phil Heath part entirely. So I'm going to go ahead and link the full article in the description box below if you guys want to go through and read the whole thing. And I think now we have a lot more clarity as the how this fan vote is going to be working. And I think we have a much better understanding now of what exactly it's going to count for and how much it's really going to matter. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Both about the fan voting system do you think it's good or bad? And about the way that they kind of framed Phil Heath in this article at the end saying that he had no comment. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and they're trying to empower signing out.

=== FILE: Olympia Winners that Lost all their Gains [RG8M-tlozuM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So this video is going to be Mr. Olympia winners that lost their gains after retiring from body building. Whether it was due to age, illness, or injury, these are body builders that simply were not able to maintain their physique or really anything reminiscent of the physique that they had of old. So I did a video similar to this. And the other video was Olympia winners that were able to keep their gains after retiring. So those were all the guys that kind of maintained their physique through the years. And in many of those cases, those are Olympia winners who are guys that maintain their physique for three decades plus well into their late 60s and 70s. So these are going to be guys that are younger than that that were not able to keep their physique. So number one on that list is going to be Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger was a seven time Mr. Olympia winning from 1970 to 1975. Then also winning when he made his comeback in 1980. So after 1980, would be what we're focusing on for Arnold keeping his gains. So as we know Arnold had a very successful career in Hollywood starring in movies like Terminator, Predator and Commandow throughout the 80s. And other movies like Total Recall and True Lies throughout the 90s. And I think for most of that time, maybe the 80s until the mid to late 90s, he did a pretty good job of keeping up his physique. So maybe a decade, a decade and a half after his last Olympia wins. So keep in mind, in the other video, the guys that kept their physique were guys that were able to maintain their physique for decades plus after winning their last Olympia. So I would say it was in the early 2000s when Arnold was in his late 50s and early 60s where we really saw him start to lose his physique. To the point where it really became nothing even close or nothing even similar to what it was back when he was winning Olympias. Now we can't really put too much blame on this because Arnold's physique started to go in his late 50s. And like I mentioned before, there were several Olympia winners that were to keep their physique into their 70s, including guys like Larry Scott and Frank Xane. Not to mention that Arnold has more money and more means to maintain a healthy lifestyle and healthy physique than probably any of the other Mr. Olympias of all time. Arnold is probably the richest out of all of them. And again Arnold is currently 70 years old. Now next on the list we have a body builder by the name of Chris Dickerson. So Chris Dickerson won the 1982 Mr. Olympia and his final Olympia appearance will be in 1984. He would make a brief comeback at the 1994 Masters Olympia to win the 50 plus division. But after that 1994 Masters Olympia, if you had ran into Chris Dickerson, you probably wouldn't have even known he was ever a pro body builder. Now I was able to come across a few photos of Chris Dickerson at Expo recently over the years. But the most recent photos of Chris Dickerson are from the 2014 Muscle Beach Hall of Fame in Ducson, Sarah Moni, where he was 74 years old. And he is currently 78 years old today. So finally on this list, I'm sure a lot of you guys know who the next name is going to be and that is Ronnie Coleman. Now Ronnie Coleman is arguably one of the greatest Mr. Olympia's all time winning a record eight Mr. Olympia competitions. He is arguably one of the biggest one of the freakyest and one of the most impressive Mr. Olympia winners of all time. He is also one of the strongest Mr. Olympia's of all time known for his heavy duty training style training like a power lift during most cases, squatting 800 pounds, deadlifting 800 pounds, bench pressing and dumbbell pressing like 200 pound dumbbells. Ronnie Coleman was known for being a strong strong body builder. Training that hard and heavy did not come without a cost. Now Ronnie Coleman would win the Mr. Olympia from 1998 to 2005. And he would also compete in the 2006 and 2007 Mr. Olympia's placing second in 2006 and then placing fourth in 2007. So his last Olympia appearance was just over a decade ago. So I think of the three Mr. Olympias that we mentioned in this video Ronnie Coleman probably had the quickest deceleration in terms of his physique going from this massive Mr. Olympia winner eight times to quickly down to the size where he is now and almost unable to walk. Now Ronnie Coleman, as I said before, was known for training hard and heavy and like I said, this did not come without a cost. So after retiring from bodybuilding, Ronnie Coleman has faced a countless number of injuries, major surgeries on his back, on his hips, you name it. And the result of that has left us where they significantly downsized Ronnie Coleman. And almost an immobile version of Ronnie Coleman. You often see Ronnie Coleman walking with a walk or walking with some sort of cane or even in some cases taking a wheelchair. So unfortunately, I think Ronnie Coleman is the most extreme example of the cost of bodybuilding and what it takes to be a Mr. Olympia winner, to be an eight time Mr. Olympia winner, to be one of the greatest and freakyest physiques of all time. There is a cost that is associated with that and Ronnie Coleman is a prime example of that. So let me know if you guys think in the comments section below. Are there any Mr. Olympias that you think I missed that have lost all their gains? Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the extract from power signing out.

=== FILE: Olympia Winners that kept their gains after retiring [CFAy3X0HY_s].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shonda Powers. I thought a good idea for a video would be past Mr Olympia winners that were able to maintain their physics over the years. So in this video we're going to go through some of those guys that didn't lose their gains and were able to maintain a pretty impressive physique. Well after their Olympia wins. So we're going to start with the very first ever Mr Olympia winner Larry Scott who won the inaugural 1965 Mr Olympia competition and he also won the 1966 Mr Olympia competition. Then he retired in his 20s and he would make a 1979 comeback somewhere in his mid 40s still looking very impressive after taking over a 13 year high 80s from the sport of body building. But it's not just his comeback in his 40s that was impressive. He maintained his physique all the way up until his death pretty much. This photo that you're looking at here where he's hitting a bicep shot, he is 73 years old in that photo compared to a photo of him in his 20s from the 1960s. So this guy maintained his physique all the way until the end. First Mr Olympia ever arguably won the most impressive examples of a guy that was able to maintain his physique. Now next up we have the second Mr Olympia ever and that would be Sergio Aliva. So Sergio Aliva won the 1967, 1968 and 1969 Mr Olympia competitions making him the first ever three time Mr Olympia and at the time the winning is Mr Olympia ever until the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger would come a few years later. Unfortunately he passed away in 2012 at the age of 71 but well after his first Mr Olympia wins he would come back and compete in the 1984 and 1985 Mr Olympia is placing eighth both of those years after a nearly 20 year hiatus from the Olympia stage. So that in and of itself is impressive but not only that but after he would come back to those Olympias he would still maintain his physique for a pretty long time up through the 90s. I'm then as he got a little bit older and age as physique would slack a little bit but that just really comes with the territory of getting older but for the most part he did an incredible job of maintaining his physique after his Olympia wins. So next on the list we have the fifth winner of the Mr Olympia competition Frank Xane who won his first Olympia in 1977 also winning the first ever Sand Outro V that was given out at the Mr Olympia he would also win the 78 and 79 Mr Olympia competitions. Now Frank Xane has done one of the most incredible jobs of maintaining his physique over the years. He is still alive today at the age of 75 and to this day he still has a very impressive physique but up through his mid 60s he still maintained a very incredible physique that was almost even similar to the physique that he had back in the 70s. This photo you're looking at here of him kind of standing relaxed from the front is him in his 60s looking very comparable you know minus the lower body to how he looked in the 1970s when he was in his 20s and 30s. And again this is a guy that's still very active on social media you can see him training some of the pros today. He still trains every single day and you can tell that he's still focused on maintaining that physique even at the age of 75 years old. But next on the list you have Samir Benut the lion of Lebanon. So Samir Benut won the Mr Olympia only one time in 1983. He's arguably one of the most conditioned guys to ever win the Olympia. But ever since then he has maintained his physique up until this day where he is currently 62 years old. Now after his Olympia win he made two specific guest poses that you're going to see pictures of in this video. The first guest posing was in 2004 when he was about 48 years old obviously still maintaining a lot of the size that he had back in those Olympia days but just clearly obviously not the conditioning. And then he would do a second guest posing in 2012 so fast forward a little bit and he would be 56 years old again not having that same conditioning that he had back on the Olympia stage. But still maintaining a pretty impressive amount of size for the age of 56. And today he is currently 62 years old and you still see him actively training at Golge Jim Venice again a guy who works with a lot of current IAPV pros and he's very active on social media still to this day. So next on the list you have Lee Haney. So Lee Haney is an eight-time Mr. Olympia. He has tied with Ronnie Coleman for the record of most Mr. Olympia wins. He won from 1984 to 1991. I mean, he still maintains his physique pretty well although again nowhere near the size that he was when he was competitive. But he owns a personal training business today. Still very active. You can tell he's still in shape. And definitely a guy that the age has not gotten the better of him yet at the age of 58 today. Lee Haney has done a great job of maintaining a pretty fit and healthy physique. Nearly 30 years after his last Olympia wins. So very impressive by Lee Haney. So finally on my list you have Dorian Yates who won the Mr. Olympia from 1992 to 1997. And he is currently 55 years old. Now Dorian is another guy that you see that is very active on social media. He's still very health-oriented. You see him talking about all kinds of different meditation and stuff like that. He still works out, owns a gym. And you still see a lot of photo circulating of Dorian today of him still in incredible shape and still pretty good conditioning. Now Dorian is definitely not a guy that was able to maintain his size. Obviously he was one of the first mass monsters ever in body building weighing over 255 pounds on stage. And in some cases in the offseason getting his heavy S310 pounds. But in terms of maintaining a pretty fit and muscular and lean physique in his late 50s, he's done a pretty incredible job of that, especially considering the fact it's been 20 years since his last Olympia win. So finally on the list we have the most recent of the body builders that have maintained their good physique. So Jay Cutler, who won the Mr. Olympia in 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2010, a four-time Mr. Olympia champion. Now Jay is a guy that's very active at Expo as you see him a lot on social media. He's a guy that's almost still considered to be a modern body builder. Despite that fact at the age of 44, it's been almost a decade since his last Mr. Olympia win. And ever since then he's maintained a pretty incredible physique, not only the size but the conditioning as well, even though he's a downsize version of the Jay Cutler that was winning Olympia as in the 2000s. His physique is arguably one of the most impressive of past retired Mr. Olympia winners, even though he's never really officially retired. Again, it's been almost a decade since his last Olympia win. So that is the list guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Obviously there were a few Mr. Olympia winners that were not on this list. And those are Mr. Olympia winners that I believe either age or injuries got the best of them and they were not able to maintain their physique after their body building career. And that is a list for a separate video. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next track of Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Paul Dillet's best Physique [n86WcX0b6fk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick Stain in the Power, so I'm going to make a video about Paul DeLets, so Paul DeLets, I've made a couple of videos about him in the past, but in this particular video, I want to talk about Paul DeLets best year ever in the best physique that he ever had. Now Paul DeLets was arguably one of the biggest body builders that would be kind of a forgotten body builder, and then not placed too highly at the Mr. Olympia. He did place within the top six pretty much every appearance he made at the Olympia. And that is of course with the exception of the 1998 and 1999 Olympias both of which he placed outside of the top six. But from the year he turned pro in 1993 to about 1997 he would be a perennial top six competitor in the 90s Olympias. And that's really saying something guys, I mean if you think about it, the 90s, a lot of people refer to the 90s as the golden Arab body building rather than the 70s because the level of competition in the 1990s was just so high. I mean the caliber of the Olympia lineup in the early 90s especially was probably one of the most competitive, if not the most competitive errors in body building because those lineups were just so good. Now Paul DeLets is actually one of my personal favorite body builders. I know you guys already know that Lea Priest is my favorite body builder from a physique standpoint. But Paul DeLets, just from the sheer freakingess of his physique even though he's never one a major title like the Arnold Classic or the Mr. Olympia. I think his physique is one of the craziest physique to ever step on the Olympia stage. And his posing in particular of the crucifix pose and the victory pose. I think he is one of the most impressive body builders aside from the likes of a lead priest or a Sergio Aliva to hit that crucifix pose of that victory pose because his arms are just so insane, his upper body is so insane. And when he was in shape the ratio of that kind of V-taper frame that he had of the lats to the small waist and those insanely big arms just created this crazy, crazy crucifix pose which was probably why both of his nicknames and body building were either Jurassic Paul DeLets or Freakens Thine. So that just goes to show how crazy this guy was. And it give you guys a little bit more information about the guy. He's about six foot one inches tall or 185.5 centimeters. So relatively tall for a professional body builder. I mean his body weight on stage was anywhere from 295 to 310 pounds. And there are some reports of him even getting up to his heaviest 330 pounds in the off season. So a very big body builder for his day. I mean a lot of people give credit to Dorian Yates as being the first mass monster, the earliest mass monster to come to the sport. But I think a lot of people in the Gleck to mention Paul DeLets because he was really a mass monster for that era. It just so happened that he wasn't that competitive against the guy like Dorian Yates. So getting back to Paul DeLets best look ever. So like I said he was a perennial topstick competitor at the Mr. Olympia. His best placing at the Olympia would be at the 1994 Mr. Olympia. And let me tell you guys that 1994 Olympia lineup was absolutely stacked. During that same year in 1994 he would win a handful of the Grand Prix competitions in place at the top three in a handful of those Grand Prix. So I would say 1994 was probably one of his best looks. If not his best look culminating in that 1994 Olympia fourth place finish arguably the biggest distinction of his career. So just to give you guys some perspective, winning that Olympia was Dorian Yates. In second place you had Sean Ray and third place you had Kevin LaBronie. So you would have Paul DeLets in those call outs with Sean Ray, Kevin and Dorian arguably the greatest bodybuilders of the 1990s. But let's go into the list of amazing bodybuilders that Paul DeLets beat out at that years of Olympia because that Olympian lineup was very, very deep. He beat Porter Cotrell who came in fifth Chris Corrmier who came in sixth. Nasser Elson Body who came in seventh. It would be a runner up at the Olympia a couple of years later. Charles Claremont in my opinion one of the most aesthetic bodybuilders of all time. On Gray's Muncer and my opinion only most shredded bodybuilders of all time. Sunny Schmidt, Al Q. Gurly Aaron Baker, Milo Sarshav, Deary Pestell, Ronnie Coleman coming in 15th place in 1994. He also had a team all-break who would become a pro wrestler. And of course you had some mere renewed a former Mr. Olympian winner. He had David Dirt and Mike Quinn both of whom were returning from the WBF World Body Building Federation which Vince McMahon started in the early 90s so they weren't placing very well once they came back to the IAPB. And then you had Gunchersleer camp as well, another guy that would be a top threat to Ronnie Coleman. So coming in fourth place out of a total of 23 competitors, Olympia level competitors is a very impressive feat. Keep in mind man, I don't know if a lot of people realize this, but if you go back to the Olympia as an Arnold Schwarzenegger one back in the 70s, some of those Olympias had one, two, three, maybe four. If it was a really stacked Olympia, four competitors, I'm at the Olympia. So now you're competing against 23 guys. So the Olympia caliber jumps significantly from the 70s to the 90s. But yeah man, 1994 I think was one of Paul Dillett's best looks ever. I mean he had the veins that would go across his chest and he was in such good condition man. When he had that crucifix pose, the veins, you could see the veins travel through his arms, through his chest, over to the other arm, just the level of conditioning was insane in 1994. Now the problem that he would run into in future years would be his posing was a little bit awkward at times and he didn't, he wasn't the best poseer. But another thing would be his conditioning, sometimes he would come in with off conditioning. But an interesting thing here, as I mentioned earlier, is that Ronnie Coleman, a young Ronnie Coleman competed at this Olympia. So there's some shots of Paul Dillett next to Ronnie Coleman where he is absolutely doerfing Ronnie. But overall I wouldn't really say Paul Dillett's like an uncrowned Mr. Olympia or anything like that. I would say, you know, his back was kind of a weak point for him, there wasn't very much a detail, there wasn't very much separation. I think that would be one of the things I would really hold him back as well as his conditioning and his posing. But I do think he was one of the greatest body blurs of the 1990s, just not necessarily deserving of a Mr. Olympian win. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Paul Dillett's physique in 1994 specifically. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it.

=== FILE: Phil Heath VS Big Ramy Offseason Guest Posing [n8UNifpGbYM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. So I'm going to give you guys my initial impressions of both Phil Heath and Big Romney from the 2018 Pittsburgh Pro guest posing. Now again, the Pittsburgh Pro is essentially like a preview of all the bodybuilders, the top guys that competed the Mr. Olympia, to see them in their offseason form and kind of get an idea of what they're going to look like going into the Olympia. Obviously since they're in the offseason form, you don't really know too much what they're conditioning's going to look like. You pretty much just know how big they've gotten in the offseason. So one of the things that stands out to me first we're going to look at Phil Heath here. Now honestly, I actually think Phil Heath looked really good here. Now again, it's the offseason so obviously he's going to be a bit bloated a little bit watery. I haven't had a little bit of fat on him, but honestly from the midsection standpoint, which was his number one weakness at the Olympia, I gotta say it's not really looking to stand it again. This is an offseason bodybuilder. In the fact that you're not really seeing much of if any distension and as gut at this point in the game, I think for Phil Heath that is a really good sign. I just want to remind you guys that if Phil Heath wins the 2018 Olympia, that will be his eighth Mr. Olympia win. So he will be tied with Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney for the record of most Mr. Olympia wins. So the arguably this coming Mr. Olympia is the most important Mr. Olympia of Phil Heath's career next to the first one that he won in 2011. I think Phil knows this. I think he's not playing any games going into this Olympia. He has no intention of losing that Olympia. So I think this year in 2018, we're going to see a version of Phil Heath that I think is not going to have a bubble gut. I think he's going to maybe that hernia surgery really did help. Maybe he has brought down the size of his waist. Whatever it is that he's doing that he thinks he needs to do. I think he's going to get that done and we're going to see Phil Heath come correct for the 2018 Mr. Olympia because he knows it's not going to be an easy Olympia for him. He knows that 2017 wasn't an easy Olympia for him and I know he wants more than anything to tie that record. If not go on to break that record. So this is arguably the most important Olympia in his career. And again, I think he's going to come ready. Now with big ramen, I mean it's really no surprise with big ramen. It's kind of the same thing we see every year. He does these guest poisons. Obviously he's going to look gigantic. He's going to look freaky. He's going to look huge. He's going to look enormous. He's going to pose a lot of pictures leading up to Olympia that are going to look freaky and huge and enormous. I mean, we see this every single year. I will say again, even though this is the offseason, he does look to be in slightly better shape than Phil Heath looks. I mean, he looks to have less body fat. He looks to be a little bit leaner than Phil Heath. Well, at the same time being big ramen being this giant body builder. So he does have that going for him. But that doesn't really mean much. We still have what six or seven months until the Olympia. So the conditioning and all these guys is obviously going to change dramatically from now to the Olympia. But like I said, man, big ramen, it's just a case where he never disappoints in the offseason. I mean, he's always going to be, you know, this larger than life body builder. But it only really matters what he brings to this stage on the day of the Mr. Olympia. So as much reason as people have to dislike Phil Heath, the bubble gut thing is personality. Whatever the case may be. I mean, Phil Heath has me blocked on Instagram. He said some negative things about me myself. So I have just as much reason as anybody to be biased or dislike Phil Heath. But I got to say, man, he does look good in this offseason video. I think his chances of coming in 2018 without a gut looking good. I'm doing enough to win. I think he has a very good chance of tying that record of A.D. Mr. Olympia. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about the offseason version of Phil Heath and Big Rami. Please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out.

=== FILE: Phil Heath VS Big Ramy [5rDAkNUHDkw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I'm sure all of you guys saw the update photos at Big Romney posted yesterday. I'm in pretty much every bodybuilding media Instagram and YouTube reposted them or made videos about them because they thought they were so freaky, but also posted yesterday shortly after Big Romney's photos, Phil Heath put up a post, which I can only assume was a direct response to all the hype around Big Romney, so Phil Heath put up a video post where he said, they keep posting and they keep talking. I keep growing and getting better. Seven-time Mr. Olympia and still has tagged Dream Killer. And then of course, he also put up a photo on his story that same day, um, looking phenomenal in both posts. So in the video, he looks really good in the photo, he looks really good. So it's got a lot of people talking about Phil Heath versus Big Romney again because really Phil Heath is typically pretty silent in the off season. He really lets his physique do the talking. He doesn't really, you know, say much going into the Mr. Olympia or post very many updates or progress pictures. He just kind of lays low. Then when the Olympia comes around as the first time we really see his physique in its entirety. Whereas Big Romney is kind of the opposite, he posts a lot of pictures going into the Olympia every single year. Now, when he knows that he can build upon the hype that he has every year by posting all these pictures and that's kind of a par for the course with Big Romney. So this is something we don't really see from Phil kind of a response to a post from Big Romney. And honestly, I think it's great because here we have these photos of Big Romney who obviously looks phenomenal. He looks, you know, massive like he always does. I said it's every year. He looks massive in the off season. He does look lean. He looks pretty lean for 10 weeks out. And I would say Phil Heath in his videos in picture, he looks phenomenal as well. So I just want to clear something up. I want to say, I think Big Romney absolutely could win the Mr. Olympia. But what I'm saying is in all likely hood, based off his past track record at the Olympia and posting these progress pictures going into the Olympia every year. Everyone talking about he's going to win and he never has. I'm saying in all likely hood, he's probably not going to win this year. Now, could he win? Could he surprise me? Could he prove me wrong and beat Phil? He absolutely could. And how he could do that is he could come and shredded to the bone, not 300 plus pounds on stage, maybe 285, 290, just a shredded to the bone, Big Romney. And he could beat Phil Heath. What I'm saying is an all likelihood we're not going to see that shredded to the bone, Big Romney. And for that reason, he probably won't beat Phil. But absolutely 100%. If Big Romney could come and shredded more shredded than Phil with that size, he could absolutely beat Big Romney. It's just a question of is it likely to happen? And honestly, I think Phil Heath knows that the 2018 Mr. Olympia is a doer die, Mr. Olympia for Phil Heath. Either he's going to tie that record, which will be the biggest moment in his career, winning eight Olympias and tying the record of Lee Haney and Ronnie Coleman. That's got to be something that Phil Heath dreams of. That's got to be something that he's always gotten the back of his mind. That's what he's training for. I saw him post that he's doing something that he's never done before during an Olympia prep. That for this particular Olympia, he's training twice a day and he said he's never done that before. So he has added a new regimen to his training to prepare for this Mr. Olympia. And I think knowing in the back of his mind that he's going for that eighth Mr. Olympia, he's going to tie the title. Phil's not messing around this year. I'll say there's a little to no chance that Phil Heath comes in with the same conditioning, the same package, the same gut that he had last year. If he does, then maybe he won't win. But I'm speculating that Phil's going to win based on, he's not going to have a gut this year. Based on his conditioning is going to be good this year. Based on he knows he's got to you know bring 110% because he really wants to a title more than any other title aside from maybe that first title. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think based on these 10 week out updates of Phil Heath and Big Romney. Do you think Big Romney can beat Phil or do you think Phil is going to go for 10? Let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Phil Heath VS Nick's Strength and Power？ [GjwTOVgN91Y].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shining Power. So I just wanted to make a video to kind of clear up the drama that you guys may have seen on Philhease Instagram or on my Instagram. So for those of you that haven't seen it, essentially what happened was there was a comment on one of Philhease Instagram posts and it tagged me. And this guy said, at Nick's strength power, check this out. And Philheat replied to that comment and said, he can't see it because he blocked me. So pretty much as soon as Philheat commented this, I had people send him a screen shot of this comment left and right. Pretty much all day yesterday until I finally posted it up on my own Instagram because most people have seen my videos. And some of the recent videos that I've done on Phil, I've mentioned the fact that Phil has blocked me on Instagram and I've been blocked from his Instagram for maybe a year. I believe he blocked me right after the 2017 Mr. Olympia. So a bunch of people were sending me screenshots of this comment because they had seen my video saying Phil had blocked me and they thought Phil was trying to turn it around on me and say that I was lying. So I posted up a screenshot of this and then I posted up a picture on my story of me searching for Philhease account and then the account wouldn't come up which shows that he blocked me. And then shortly after that Philhease put up another comment and that specifically is the comment that I wanted to reply to in this video. So someone else commented, Hey Phil, Nick said that you blocked him and then Phil replied, Oh, that is right because he had a long run of trash talking about me. So I didn't think he cared. So why not block someone like that, right? Simply didn't want to drama. So this was the main thing that I had a problem with because I think Philhease is getting me confused with someone else, maybe some other body building YouTuber. But I've never talked trash about Philhease. I've certainly criticized Philhease. I've mentioned that he had the gut. Right after the 2017 Olympia, I certainly mentioned the gut because I thought it was obviously there. But even though in that video, I mentioned that his midsection was descended. I even said in that video that I still thought Philhease deserved the victory even with that weak point and I got a lot of hate for that. So I can't remember ever a time that I've trashed talk Philhease. I mean, I've always gave my honest opinion. And if I would have done a review of the 2017 Mr. Olympia where I said Philhease didn't have a gut just because I wanted to kiss his ass. That wouldn't be an honest opinion. I've always just tried to give an honest critique. And as pro body builders, I mean, that's what they're opening themselves up to. I mean, this is the whole name of the game. The entire sport is judged on opinions of your physique. And honestly, for Phil being a seven-time Mr. Olympia, I really don't think I've made that many videos either positive or negative about Philhease at all. I mean, the most recent video I did about Phil was actually a day or two ago. I mean, it was Philhease versus Big Romney. And that was the first video I had done on Phil and maybe months. So I just wanted to clarify that because I feel like I've never talked trash about Phil. I've always tried to give a fair criticism. I've even said I predicted that he's going to win eight Olympias. I said it's possible for him to win ten. You know, I've been pretty positive about some of the things that I've said about Phil in the past. I mean, I've tried to give a pretty fair and balanced critique of Phil to the point where people even call me a Philhease quote unquote Dick Rider. Because I said, I don't think Romney's going to beat him this year. So I also wanted to mention in this video that shortly after I posted up the screen shots on my Instagram, Philhease actually did unblock me. So I wanted to thank him for that. And I kind of wanted to clear up that I guess we squashed whatever beef there was. I sent Phil a message. I'm kind of explaining all the things that I said in this video that I didn't really feel that I'd ever trash talked to him. I said that I respected him as champion. And I even said, Hey, you know what, I totally understand your perspective. I understand where you're coming from here. Your seven-time Mr. Olympia. So I'm sure when anybody criticizes your physique, it's like who the fuck is this guy to criticize me and my physique? What right does this guy have to say anything? And I totally understand that mentality. I mean, I get it. So, you know, the first reaction is just to block anybody that criticizes you. And I do understand the reaction. You're the top of the top of the best of the best. Really in your mind. Who is anybody to criticize you? But as a body building commentator on YouTube, it's become really my job to commentate on the Mr. Olympia on body building and Phil Heath is the raining Mr. Olympia. So of course his name is going to come up. And I said that in the message that I sent to him. Phil, he's named going to come up all the time because he's seven-time Mr. Olympia. So naturally he's going to be, you know, the topic of videos. And then I kind of ended it and I left the door open and I said, Hey, you know, if you ever have a problem with anything that I say in a video, just feel free to message me. I mean, you don't have to block me. We can talk about it. And you can tell me why you think it was disrespectful or trash talking as he said. And we can talk about it. I could probably take the video down or change the way I said something. If he felt that I said something disrespectfully, but Phil Heath never did reply to that message. I don't really expect him to. I mean, I don't think Phil Heath is ever going to like me. But I think, you know, whether you like me or not, whether you like body building, you know, commentators on YouTube or not, I think it'd be much better in much easier. If we could just kind of coexist, I mean, I try to be respectful on my channel. You know, if you have a problem with something I say, I'd rather you just message me and we can talk it out. And that would end in much better result than just blocking each other. So I want to make this video so Phil Heath didn't get any hate out of this because he did, in fact, unblock me. I guess the misunderstanding now has been resolved. He did admit that he was one that blocked me first. I haven't talked to him, but, you know, hopefully it's just resolved. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, the power signing out.

=== FILE: Powerlifters that Became Bodybuilders [LYWcN0oarek].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shiner Power. So this video is going to be my list of the top five best power lifters that ended up becoming bodybuilders or switching back and forth between bodybuilding and powerlifting. So coming in the number five spot, we have a powerlifting by the name of Dave Tate. Now I'm sure many of you guys are familiar with Dave Tate. He is the founder and CEO. So, probably one of the largest powerlifting companies in the world and that is Elite FTS. So Elite FTS.com, they sell a peril, they sell equipment. It's probably one of the most recognized and well-known powerlifting brands, like I said, in the world. Dave Tate was an elite level power lifter, a student of Westside Barbell, and he had an all-time best total of 2,205 pounds. Now although Dave Tate wasn't as successful as some of the other bodybuilders and the piloters on this list, he did frequently bounce back and forth between bodybuilding and powerlifting. And his transformation is probably one of the best in powerlifting, being such an elite level power lifter and getting his ripped and shredded as he was able to get when he would cut down. It's probably one of the most impressive transformations. And again, he owns one of the largest powerlifting companies in the world. So I thought that earned him a top five spot on my list. Now coming in the number four spot, we have probably the most well-known powerlifter on the planet. Steve Fletcher, obviously the YouTube sensation, he's a three-time strict curl world champion, a three-time bench press world champion. And after all that in 2013 at the age of 54 years old, he would compete at the 2013 NPC Gold Coast Bodybuilding Competition, competing in the Master's Division at 54 years old. Now as a powerlifter, C.T. Fletcher's best bench press ever was £650 and his best trick curl ever was £225 claiming to have done all of this drug free. And this was back decades ago, and then more recently in 2013 up until present, he would become more famous for his bodybuilding videos and his training videos, specifically the size of his arms, then he would compete in bodybuilding and become famous for his physique, as well as his legendary feats of strength back in the 80s and 90s. So being a total of six-time world champion and powerlifting and then switching over to bodybuilding, I felt that C.T. Fletcher certainly earned a spot on this top five list. Now coming in the number three spot, we have a powerlifter named Matt Crock, aka Matthew Crock Zaleski, now known as Janay Marie Crock. Now this was noting in this video that Matt is now a transgender powerlifter, but I wanted to make mention of the accomplishments that he made as a man. So back in 2009, he's probably best known for setting the world record in the £220 pound powerlifting weight class, with a total of 2,551 pounds, which included a 738 pound bench press and 810 pound deadlift and a 1,03 pound back squat, and that was equipped powerlifting not raw. He was also known for inventing the Crock Rose, which is basically a very heavy dumbbell row, an extremely heavy weight and very many repetitions. He was also training partners with guys like John Meadows, Branch Warren, and Johnny Jackson, but as recently as 2013, he actually made a pretty impressive appearance at the 2013 NPC nationals as a bodybuilder. I mean, this guy was a guy that had a very impressive physique both as a powerlifter and as a bodybuilder. I mean, for that reason, that elite level total and that elite level physique, that's why I have him as number three on this list. Now coming in the number two spot, we have a young powerlifter that I'm sure many of you guys are familiar with, and that is Larry Wheels, aka Larry Williams, who recently won the 2018 NPC Gold Coast overall bodybuilding competition. But prior to that, and still is known as being one of the best powerlifters in the world, raw powerlifters in the 275 pound weight class. Now his most recent world record was in the 275 pound weight class back in November of 2017, where he had a total of 2,275 pounds with an 855 pound deadlift, an 810 pound squat, and a 610 pound bench press, which became an all-time world record at 275. So in addition to that, Larry Wheels is a pretty young guy, so I think as a powerlifter he has probably the most potential out of anybody to be one of the greatest powerlifters of all time, and if he continues the pursuit bodybuilding and work on his physique in that regard, he could be one of the strongest bodybuilders of all time, which brings me to my number one spot. So in number one, we have the pro bodybuilder, and also elite level powerlifter world record setting powerlifter stand-efforting. So stand-efforting is the only bodybuilder's slash powerlifter on this list, the whole that is stinction of being a world record holding powerlifter and an IFPP pro bodybuilder. So he became the best in the world of powerlifting, and then competed with the best in the world in bodybuilding. Now you earned his IFPP pro card back in 2009 at the NPC Master's Nationals, where he won the Super Heavyweight Division in the overall which gave him his pro card. You're going to compete in the pros about four or five times, 2010 placing 16th at the Phoenix Pro, 2010 also placing 14th at the Orlando, Europa, 2011 placing 9th at the Flex Pro, and 2012 again placing 13th at the Flex Pro. So the most interesting thing about stand-efforting, and this is part of the reason I have him in the number one spot is that he set some of his most impressive world records during the time he was competing in pro bodybuilding. So keep in mind I mentioned he competed in 2011 and 2012. So in powerlifting in 2011 he set his best raw total with no knee wraps which was 2,226 pounds which was a world record at time. And that was in the 275 pound weight class. Now another interesting distinction that stand-efforting holds is that the 2010 Mr. Olympia Competition, he won the title of the world strongest professional bodybuilder by Benchink's 628 pounds and deadlifting 800 pounds, beating Johnny Jackson who held the previous record by roughly 100 pounds. So that is why stand-efforting is in that number one spot because that's a bodybuilder and as a powerlifter I believe he is the most successful in both categories if you kind of average amount. And he's probably one of the most well-known powerlifters that made that leap over the bodybuilding. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.

=== FILE: Powerlifting Legend Terry Todd passes away at age 80 [kmkEYUVyjdM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I kind of wanted to do a quick video, paying respect to Dr. Terry Todd. So if you don't know who Terry Todd was, he was a guy who had a tremendous impact on the sport of strong man. And was really one of the people responsible for the Arnold Classic Strongman competition, which is really the second most well known competition to the world strongest man. Now during the 60s Terry Todd was a weightlifter in powerlifting himself, but most importantly in note worthy, is his contribution to chronicling the history of strength sports, strong man, powerlifting, bodybuilding, in general, him and his wife are actually responsible for the founding of the H.J. Luther Stark Center for Physical Culture and Sports, which is essentially a museum, which is housed in Texas, Memorial Stadium at the University of Texas. It is one of the largest collections chronicling the history of strength sports in general and competitive lifting, covering strong man, strong woman sports nutrition, bodybuilding, naturopathy, conditioning for athletes, drug use, and the sport in strength sports. More than 150,000 books, photos, films, magazines, letters, training courses, video tapes, posters, paintings, and artifacts, just one of the largest collections of the history of the sport was created by this man. But I would say one of the biggest things would be the Arnold Classic Strongman that he was responsible for. He created most of the events that were held. They're all the different lifts and all that stuff. Most of them were created by Terry Todd. And I wanted to share this post with you guys from Arnold Schwarzenegger himself, which he posted on Reddit shortly after Terry Todd Dodgers. Here's what Schwarzenegger had to say. I'm about Terry Todd passing. He said, I tweeted this, but Terry was so important to me. I wanted to share with you guys. He was more than a fantastic partner for the Arnold Strongman series. He was a dear friend. I remember the first time I saw Terry Todd and Gold's GM after I moved here, lifting weights that I couldn't believe. He was such a monster, a true force, but also a kind heart and a great storyteller. He used his powers to be a fantastic leader for the fitness crusade. He was an ambassador of strength, the historian of health, the advocate for iron. My thoughts are with his family and my work out tomorrow is for him. I hope you'll join me in dedicating your lifts to Terry. So Terry Todd passed away on July 7th, 2018. He was 80 years old. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time I have a power signing out.

=== FILE: Ralf Moeller VS Steve Brisbois [m1sJATLTwBw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Powerhouse, I'm going to make a video about two body builders today. So the body builders in this video are going to be a Ralph Moller and Steve Briss Boys. So the interesting dichotomy between these two body builders is that Ralph Moller was a very tall and Steve Briss Boys was really small. As a competitive body builder, Ralph Moller was about six foot six inches tall or 1.97 meters, weighing approximately 288 pounds on stage, or 131 kilos, and those measurements were taken at the 1988 Mr. Olympia where he placed dead last. And then on the other hand, Steve Briss Boys was only five foot three and a half inches tall or 1.61 meters, and he would also compete in the Mr. Olympia competition in 1988 also placing dead last. So they both competed in the Olympia, and unfortunately they would both placed dead last. But that's not the topic of this video. The topic of this video is going to be when they both competed in the Arnold Classic in the year 1990. So this is actually very interesting. So the 1990 Arnold Classic, that was the first and only year the Arnold Classic was ever drug tested. It was also only the second year that the Arnold Classic had ever been held. So the Arnold Classic's first year was in 1989 with the first winner being Rich Gospari. So in 1990 the original winner was Sean Ray. Sean Ray later failed the drug test and he was disqualified and Mike Ashley would end up winning the show by default. So the first interesting thing about the 1990 Arnold Classic is number one. This is where in my opinion some of the greatest photos in bodybuilding history of came out of Ralph Mueller standing next to Steve Briss Boys. She's the incredible height difference, the incredible size difference. I think these are just some of the funniest just interesting photos of bodybuilding history. So in 1990 the interesting thing here was that Steve Briss Boys would pass the drug test and place within the top five at the Arnold Classic placing fifth. And actually managing to beat some pretty decent bodybuilders including Tony Pearson, Paul John Gilliamy, Chris Dickerson, a former Mr. Olympian winner and Albert Beckles placing ninth. So I actually beat some pretty good competitors and that's one of the things I wanted to mention in this video. It's despite the fact that Steve Briss Boys was so small and so short. I think he actually had a really impressive, really aesthetic physique for his size. He actually won the amateur Mr. Universe, 1990, 1991 and 1992. He's also the Canadian national overall champion. And of course a top five finish at the Arnold Classic is a pretty impressive feat for anybody builder. Let alone a bodybuilder. That's only five foot for Gens' tall. So another interesting thing about the 1990 Arnold Classic was that Ralph Mueller was one of the bodybuilders that failed the drug test and got disqualified. So in addition to Sean Ray and Ralph Mueller, Nimrod King and some mere Benuk former Mr. Olympia were both disqualified for failing the drug test in 1990. So Ralph Mueller is currently 59 years old and he would go on to become an actor and actually a very good friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger. And Steve Briss Boys is currently 57 years old and he claims he is currently drug free ever since seeing the death of Momo Benaziza. He says that is the moment he decided he would never jeopardize his own life for bodybuilding again and that he would never step on a professional bodybuilding stage again after 1992. So I guess he actually does maintain that he was natural. I guess going all the way back to the 1990 Arnold Classic since he passed that drug test. But 1992 was really his wake-up call being apparently a close friend of Momo Benaziza and watching him die. I'm really shook him and for that reason he stopped his competitive bodybuilding career, but he is also still alive today at the age of 57 years old. So I hope you guys enjoyed that video. I thought it might be interesting to kind of put an explanation to some of these photos. I'm sure a lot of you guys have seen some of these photos, but maybe didn't know a whole lot about Ralph Mueller or certainly didn't know a whole lot about Steve Briss Boys. So I hope you guys learned something in this video. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of the power signing out.

=== FILE: Real Natural Bodybuilding [2ikCxcRi0RM].txt ===

All right, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so I finally got done editing the footage from the Mr. Cincinnati, the natural body building competition that I sponsored maybe three weeks ago now. So my buddy's act, as many of you know competed in that competition, so I've got the footage, you know, if him putting on his pro-tan, we went through all the mandatory poses in my office the night before. I got some stuff about his diet in there, his actual onstage routine. So the intent in doing this number one is I sponsored this show, so I really believe in giving back to the body building community as a whole because it's given me so much through my channel, it's given me the opportunity to kind of have a career commentating on body building, which I absolutely love. So I firmly believe in giving back, you know, to the thing that gave you what you have and this channel is giving me a lot. So natural body building is one thing that I'm very passionate about, even though I talk a lot about pro body building, obviously, you know, the pro body builders aren't natural. I do believe very heavily in natural body building, so I wanted to give them, you know, some money, sponsor the show, give the show some promotion. I mean, give more eyeballs on natural body buildings. This is an NGA natural body building show. It's actually the longest running body building show in history, the Mr. Cincinnati, 78 years. This is the 78th annual Mr. Cincinnati. So longer than the Olympia, longer than the Mr. America, longer than, you know, the Mr. USA, longer than the Mr. Universe. I mean, keep in mind, the Mr. Olympia started in 1965. So the Olympia is roughly 50 something years old. So 78 years, this, I mean, this competition has been going on forever. So that's part of why I wanted to sponsor this show as my first natural show, is because it's got a lot of history to it. Number two, it's very, very close to me, so it's easy for me to cover it. So some of these guys, Zach, obviously my best friend from college, he was competing. He's going to be the guy that I'm going to show you. I helped him put his pro-tank on, helped him go through the poses like I said before. So Zach's my best friend from college, I was the best man in his wedding. So he competed. There's another guy from my gym, big black dude. You're going to see him in here too. Oh, no, I'm Williams. This guy is massive. So his back, I would say this guy had the best back out of anybody on stage. I mean, this guy's back was insane. You guys are going to see the pictures and videos in here. I'll throw in as well. The overall men's open body building winner, even though I didn't know him. I'll throw in some of the cause comparisons and stuff. I wanted to give you guys a good insight to a natural body building show and cover it. Exactly the same as I would cover a pro body building show in the Mr. Olympia. Just give you guys some good stuff that you may not have seen before about natural body building and give it something exposure that I think it deserves. So please give this video a thumbs up. You're about to see some cool natural body building footage. I'll probably voice over some of it. Thank you guys so much for taking time out of your day to watch this video. Without further ado, here is the footage. It's way too much ass cracking this video. Alright guys, so starting off this video, what we want to do here is just basically show you all the things that a real natural body builder goes through prepping for a natural body building show. Now before Zack gets any hate here, obviously, you know, Zack's not trying to win the Mr. Olympia. This is a pure natural body builder. He's been training seven or eight years now. I mean, he's a good example of what natural body building really is. It's a dieting contest. It's not really, you know, see how big you can get. It's really see how lean you can get after years of training. So Zack is competed. I think this is third show. He's just a guy that likes to compete man. He's not a guy trying to win the Mr. Olympia. He knows what his flaws are. He knows what he did wrong for this show. He knows what his genetic limitations are as well. I mean, this is a guy that knows, okay, I'm not, you know, I don't have the greatest genetics. He knows his arms are a weak point. He's got very good legs. I'll give him that. I'm going to get into him doing all the mandatory poses. So we're in my office here. The bathroom of my office. Putting on the proton right now. So right now we're putting on the base layer. And then we're going to go ahead and put on the top coat. Tomorrow too. There's the only bottle you can. Oh, oh, yeah. You know, so. She gets a doctor. Oh, no. I think that coming like you came in. Oh, yeah. She got a black face. I thought I was just saying the right. And then she didn't let you in. And this p next mother poultry. So it's someone that comments that you will like. He's a barbecue chicken. He's a barbecue chicken. He's a barbecue chicken. I thought that was to do. I did that pan for like a whole week in advance. I got a dummy. Well, you were like, hop ready when you came rid of my house. You said, any about three more coats. I was like, no, you don't. You don't appreciate like this. Artistic. Oh, yeah. I mean, it looks good once it's under the lights. But as soon as you step off stage, like, it's like, is he racist? What's going on here? And it's like, nope, I just, though, over did a little bit. And put it a little bit, I mean, way too much. It wouldn't have been like super noticeable if your hair wasn't like that. Oh, yeah. And around my eyes looked like a right hand. Does it remember before your cop, you're like, yeah, I want that like, that jig cutler, like almost red color. And it's like, well, I've got good news. I've got bad news. I'm just going to be dead. I'm gonna be dead. All right. So the next part of this video is going to be Zach going through all the poses in my office. So he does a little bit of his posing routine in here, as well as the mandatory poses. Now again, as I mentioned before, man, we know Zach's not trying to win the Mr. Olympia. So we know what his flaws are. The arms, obviously, he needs to work on those. That's just really a genetic limitation for him, because again, he's been training for seven years naturally, seven or eight years naturally. I would say certainly his two strong points are his back as legs. I mean, this guy, he trains a hell out of his legs. He's got pretty damn good hamstrings, quads. The calves are always there. I mean, he feels that his best poses is back poses. But I feel like from the front, when he hits his quads, and really fluxes him hard, that's where he really looks as best. So we're just taking him through kind of some of the classic poses. That's his mantis pose right there. Overall, I mean, again, just the guy that enjoys the sport. Now, here you go with the front last spread. You can see the quads there. In my opinion, he had some of the best quads on stage, because a lot of the times in these natural bodybuilding shows, and I'm you'll see guys that don't train legs at all. Kind of myself included in that. I train legs, but it didn't look like I did. Zach's one of the few guys that has that narrowly separation in this quads when he actually decides to sit down on and flex them correctly. I'm just one of the things we're trying to remind him. During this video is to make sure he flexes him, because sometimes he forgets to. And when he flexes him, they look significantly better than they do. So I will be doing a tour very soon in my office. I've got some interesting stuff in there. I think he guys would like to see. I don't think I've ever really showed you guys what my office looks like. So I rented out this office space. I basically filled it with anything classic bodybuilding, bodybuilding member, Billia, autograph, pictures, custom weight lifting belts. I've got dumbbells in there. I've got push-ups stuff in there. I've got all my supplements in there. All my computer set up, all that cool stuff. So I think you guys would enjoy seeing some of the cool classic bodybuilding member, Billia, that I've got all over my office. This is just a small fraction of my office that you can see in this video. But I believe when we did this posing here, we live streamed it on my Instagram. So some of you guys may have seen this already. So that's why I'm voicing this part over because I'm responding in the background of the video that I filmed to the comments on the live stream. People are telling them what poses the hit. That's why you can see him laughing throughout various points in this video because people were making some funny comments about casting couch in the background and telling them to hit a moon pose and stuff like that. So I'll go ahead and let you guys enjoy the rest of this posing video and I'll probably turn the volume on for the rest of it. Back in the day, those looked goofy. I've not had one on this on bitter. How much do you weigh this? One, 60, 30. One, 60, 30. One, 60, 30. Two, 60. Flex your legs over. There you go. Trust it down on a little bit if you walk him out. It's like where you sort of spread him out and then get down on him. You got a victory. That'd be done. Victory was a vacuum. It might look better with a vacuum. Bitch, that was an all the time. There you just look at him, pain. All right, so this part right here is one of the few parts where you can see my banner actually in the video up to the top of left there. So following this clip, I'm going to play the promoter Rick Rutherer and I'm kind of introducing my channel to the crowd. Nick is one of the Nick Miller. He's one of the YouTube studies of that quality that we can't use. And I can see his face here. He's been doing it for a long time. But he kind of tells the way he did. All right, so here we have Zack's posing routine on stage. So I believe he posed to an NF song here. So he went pretty slow on stage. I think it's the best way to do a classic pose. And I didn't mention this already. Zack was competing in the classic physique division. So it wasn't competing in men's open body building, but it was doing classic physique. This organization is called the NGA. So it's a natural body building organization. So he was drug tested. And this was a drug tested natural class. So that was what he was going for. He wanted the classic physique and he wanted to be natural. Now one of the mistakes I think Zack actually made during this show was between the pre-judging and the night show he had. I think it was like a five hour span or something. And during that time he came back to my house. And he ate like a two pound, one of those chocolate Easter bunnies. That's like solid chocolate. He ate one of those and he was eating a bunch of candy and stuff. So I think he might have ate a little bit too much in between pre-judging and the night show. Leading to his midsection being a little bit cloudy during his posing routine. All right, so the next routine here. We've got this is O'Nom William. So he trains at the same gym as me. I'm going to just turn out he happened to be doing this show as well. I don't know he was doing it when I signed up to sponsor it, but I talked to him at the gym and he said he was doing it. So he actually really impressed me here. So obviously one of the things I would say he needs to work on is his legs. But if you brought his legs up, I mean this guy, he really has it off. He looked at his back man. One of the best natural backs you're probably ever going to see on a natural body building stage. And I'm not just saying that kind of know the dude. I mean this guy's back wasn't sane for a natural bodybuilder. I mean he blew these other guys away. If he brought those legs up man, he would be a serious, serious threat to any natural body building stage. I'd say a little bit better conditioning in the ab area as well. But as posing routine was great. Ovarol is physique was very, very good. I was very impressed with this guy man. So I was really happy to see him do well. I think he won two of his classes and came in second in both the overalls that he competed in. So I think he did the overall for men's open body building. I think also the overall for men's physique. And he came in and runner up at that as well. All right. So the final routine here. This is going to be the guy that actually won his pro card here. So he won his NGA pro card and he won the overall men's open body building. So this guy, by far, one of the most impressive natural bodybuilders I've ever seen. And for all the people that are going to be out there saying he's a fake natty. This guy only weighed about 180 pounds on stage. So not a crazy big guy, but he just looks very impressive on stage. His legs is back, his arms. I believe his name is Andrew Plumley. I believe that's his name. And this guy, I mean, impressive as hell. Young kid, I think he's a little bit younger than me. So very impressive and there's going to be some very bright things from this kid in the future. Coming in looking like that at 180 pounds, very impressive. And again, he was the winner. So he was definitely drug tested very strictly. So this video right here is going to be the comparison for the overall between O-NOM, the Andrew guy that I mentioned before, and this guy in the end, I think his name was Spike. So O-NOM versus Andrew, again, I mean from the back dude, just insanely impressive. And O-NOM took second here, but honestly, I would not be mad at all about taking second to the guy that he took second to because that guy, just super complete, super impressive, roundness and fullness in all the right areas. Again, one of the best natural body builders I think I've ever seen. So that about wraps up the video guys. I just wanted to show you guys a little bit of insight into a natural body building show, like I said before. I hope you guys enjoyed it. I intend on doing this a lot more in the future, it's something that I definitely want to explore, giving more promotion and more attention to some of these natural shows because something that not a lot of people really do, not a lot of people really know about. And I spend all this time covering pro body building, and there's so many guys in the comments section that I'm like, man, you got to cover some natural body building. We want to see some natural stuff. So I'm trying to do more of that. And again, I really believe in giving back to body building, especially natural body buildings, since that's where I came from. So it's something I really want to do in the future and give more money and give more attention to natural body building. This is something that I want to see more people compete in. And see more people, you know, have an interest in. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you want to see more videos like this. Thank you guys for watching. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Regan Grimes 11 Days Out [p-rvtgazbNU].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying the power. So the New York pro is now less than two weeks away, specifically as of today. It's about 11 days out. And Regan Grimes, as we all know, is doing the New York pro. Previously, he had said that he was going to be doing the classic physique division. And no longer doing men's open body-building. And a lot of people said he kind of just said that as an excuse to leave Kuwait, and get out of the camel crew and come back to the states. And I was kind of the reason he gave them was because he wanted to downsize. But I guess since then, he's basically replied to comments on Instagram saying he's now not planning on doing classic physique. So the assumption is when he goes into the New York pro, he's going to be doing men's open body-building again. So just to make that clear, I'm pretty sure he's no longer doing classic physique. And he's doing men's open body-building at the New York pro. And based on how he looks, I would say he's definitely doing men's open because there's no way he's within the constraints of the classic physique weight limit. Just looking at the pictures that I can see at 11 days out. So first of all, I want to say I'm very impressed with how Regan Grimes looks. Because he posted a couple pictures, I think it was either six weeks out or four weeks out, where he still looked significantly. I want to say watery or bloated and he didn't really look like he was in shape. He didn't really look like he was six weeks out from a show. But it seems like Regan does have this ability to drop a pretty crazy amount of weight, crazy amount of water in a very short amount of time. Because the pictures that he's been releasing lately look like a completely different physique than he had maybe a month ago, four or five weeks ago. Because based on the pictures that he posted back then, I would have said his conditioning was going to be bad at the New York pro. But really, he looks pretty good to me in these photos. I'll be honest with you guys. So I got to give him props for that. Now the big hype with Regan earlier this year, or I guess it was later in 2017 now at this point. But there's a lot of hype going around how big he had gotten when he went over to Kuwait. How much size he had put on, how much quality muscle he was putting on. I'm a believe they said he was getting up to 280 or 290 in his offseason training. So the main question here is going to be how much quality size that he put on for this New York pro. Because based on these pictures, he doesn't only look that much bigger to me than he looked at some of the other shows that he did maybe a year ago. So did he really keep that muscle that he put on in Kuwait? It's really hard to say based on these photos. But overall, I am actually really impressed for how he looks. I think he's actually going to fare very well at the New York pro. Now personally, I'm a little bit disappointed that he's not doing classic physique because I do think he has a really good structure for it. I think it would certainly be possible for him to downsize enough that he could fit within those constraints and still have a very muscular, very impressive physique. And I think he would do well in classic physique. I'll be honest with you guys. He is a good bodybuilder. I would say he's a great bodybuilder. He's got a ton of potential. But if it's true what he said that he has health concerns, he wants to do bodybuilding a healthier way. He doesn't want to put on a crazy amount of size in the offseason. I think classic physique would be the better option for him because as is, I think he would need more size to be extremely competitive in men's open. And if as he said, he's not willing to do that. I think he's going to have to come to some kind of compromise whether that be doing classic physique, whether that be doing maybe two-twelf. I mean, I don't know man. I don't know what he needs to do. He's a taller guy. He's a heavier guy. So I don't think two-twelf is probably out of the question. So really the only other option for him would be classic physique. And he said he wanted to. So I really don't know why he's not going to do it. I think he would do very well at it. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about how Regan Grimes is looking about 11 days out from the New York pro. And how do you think he will place if he does in fact do men's open bodybuilding, which it seems is going to be his plan. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.

=== FILE: Regan Grimes Competes in Classic Physique! [SdQxiRKUxmA].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So the classic physique division pre-judging at the 2018 New York Pro just wrapped up literally minutes ago. And we got confirmation that Regan Grimes did in fact make the last minute switch to do classic physique instead of men's open bodybuilding. Now prior to leading up to the 2018 New York Pro, Regan Grimes had made the announcement that he was going to be switching to classic physique. Then since then he made an announcement on RX Muscle saying he was planning on only doing men's open bodybuilding at the New York Pro. So he basically said that's what he was doing. And at the last minute changes mind and when it had ended, classic physique. And apparently it was a good decision because in the call out, the first call out in the classic physique division, Regan Grimes' dead center. And typically being in the middle of the first call out of any show means you're probably either one or two in that lineup. And he was actually next to Divine Wilson, which is very interesting because Divine Wilson is the guy that controversially Steve Lourius beat at the 2018 Pittsburgh Pro just weeks ago. So I actually find this very interesting because I think the chances of Regan Grimes actually winning classic physique at his very first classic week show are actually very high. Again the pre-judging just wrapped up merely minutes ago. So the photos that have came out so far aren't very high quality photos. But from the photos that I can see, Regan Grimes actually looks incredible for the classic physique division. And I've been saying this for a while that Regan Grimes has the perfect structure for classic physique and he would be much better suited there than he would be in men's open body building. So I'm very excited to see how he does in this lineup. I'm going to be very excited if he wins. I think it's going to be a very big deal for the future of Regan Grimes' future if he does decide to stay in classic physique because that do we think he has the build for it. Now also pertaining to classic physique, if you guys remember Steve Lourius aka Mr. Proper, he was supposed to compete in classic physique at this New York pro but he didn't do that because he didn't want to hinder his friends' chance of qualifying for the Olympia. So he ended up doing the 212 division at the New York pro. And in my prediction video, I said I didn't think he was going to be in the first call out and they just released the first call out photos for the 212 division as well and Steve Lourius is not in that call out. So in all likelihood unfortunately I do not think we're going to see Steve Lourius in the top 6 in this 212 lineup. But as I said I'm going to keep you guys updated throughout the day as more pictures and information come through. So again stay tuned and stay subscribe for that. Also apparently Sergio Leva did not compete in any category or any division some people were saying he might go to classics since he didn't compete in men's open because he did announce on Instagram that he was going to be competing but apparently he was just trolling because he didn't compete in any of the categories. So Sergio Leva Jr was not competing at the 2018 New York pro just wanted to clarify that for you guys. But yeah guys this is shaping up to be a very exciting New York pro and honestly the New York pro is becoming one of the shows that I look forward to the most each year. I'm really excited to cover it man. I'm really excited to see Reagan Grimes do well in classic physique. I'm really excited to see how Steve Lourius does end up placing even though it seems like he's not going to be in the top 6 and the battle for the men's open body building is going to be a pretty good battle between Juan Morelle and Nathan Deash. Even though I think in all likelihood Nathan Deash is going to pull off the win. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below about Reagan Grimes just switched a classic physique and of course give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next drink from power signing out.

=== FILE: Regan Grimes Wins his Classic Physique Debut! [XEoJpTiQ_Pg].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Sign the Power. So I'm trying to give you guys the news as it happens. So at the 2018 New York pro Reagan Grimes has won his first ever classic physique show. So I think this was a very impressive debut by Reagan Grimes. You kind of fooled a lot of people. He told pretty much everybody he was going to do the men's open body building. At the New York pro and kind of came out of nowhere and ended up doing the classic physique. The judges didn't even know until the night before. But he ended up winning. I think it was a fair decision. Divine Wilson ended up taking second and David Hoffman ended up taking third. So David Hoffman is the guy to the right hand side of Reagan. And of course, divine is the guy to the left. And I got to say man, I am really impressed with David Hoffman to the right of Reagan. I think he looked very impressive. He was a guy that I think he could have made an argument for him over divine actually. I think all three of these guys are going to be massive players in the classic physique Olympia. All three of these guys are great classic guys. They have tremendous potential. But Reagan Grimes in particular, I want to congratulate him. Because this was a very bold move on his part from to make this jump into classic physique. He said in the past that he wanted to downsize a little bit. He didn't really want to pursue the size game so much to compete with the men's open guys. And I'm glad he made this decision to do this. It's the healthier decision. I think he's going to be much more successful in classic physique than he would be in men's open body building. I think he has a great structure for either division. I think he could be successful in open or successful in classic either one that he chooses to do. I think it could be pretty good. But honestly, I think in classic physique, he has a much higher chance of winning or placing top six at the Olympia than he would in men's open body building. Now he is a good men's open body builder. But I don't think he's quite top six at the Olympia good. Now the unfortunate thing for Reagan Grimes is there is a lot less money in classic physique than there is in men's open body building. But you also have to consider if Reagan Grimes does a show like the Olympia and doesn't place in the top 10, he's not getting paid anyway. So pretty much any classic physique show that I think Reagan's going to do. I think he's guaranteed to place in the top six. He's going to at least walk away with some money. Whereas if he goes and does these high level IFPB shows, he might place good by IFPB standards. Raising 11th or 10th of the Olympia is good, but you're not getting paid. So I'm very happy to see Reagan Grimes be successful at this. And again, this is one of the things that makes body building so exciting. When you have a guy, a high level men's open guy, crossover to a completely new division and do extremely well in when I show like this. This is the entertaining part of body building. This is what body building fans love to see. And this is what keeps things interesting and generates interest in the sport. So I love to see this. And again, even with Steve Lory is crossing over into the 212, even though he didn't do well, he really didn't do well at all. It was still a very interesting thing to see. I think it's still garnered a lot of interest for Steve Lory as a person. So I will continue to keep you guys updated on the results of this show. If you want more real time updates, go follow my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. I'll be posting on my story pretty much every couple minutes as the results come in. So if you want to get it faster than the time it takes me to make a video, it'll be over there on Instagram. If you guys are watching, please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power, signing out.

=== FILE: Regan Grimes and Chris Bumstead Posedown [qbL9H5T9sOg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the power. So it's been a pretty interesting and eventful weekend for bodybuilding. Of course we had the muscle mayhem pro. If you haven't seen my video that I posted earlier today on a key Williams placing second yet again, controversially, mind you to Charles Griffin at this muscle mayhem show. In addition to that, we had a pretty interesting seminar where we had the rare treat to see a pose down and in prompt two pose down between Chris Bumstedt and the new classic physique pro Regan Grimes. Now we have not seen Regan and Chris Bumstedt go head to head since the 2015 Canadian nationals a few years ago before both of them were pro bodybuilders. Obviously recently at the New York pro Regan Grimes decided to make the leap to the classic physique division and he ended up winning his division there. So now a lot of the big talk about the classic physique division is the classic physique Olympia in 2018 which Regan is now qualified to do. Of course Chris Bumstedt is automatically qualified because he plays second last year. So a lot of people are looking forward to seeing Regan and Bumstedt go head to head on the classic physique Olympia stage myself included. Now during this seminar we did get to see an offseason Bumstedt in an offseason Regan Grimes stripped down and posed off on stage hitting classic poses and hitting vacuums. And I got to say with both of these guys I'm very very impressed. Now it's kind of hard to really make any judgment calls on who's the better classic physique guy based on this pose down. But it is a little bit of an insight, a little bit of a foreshadowing to what we're going to see at the Mr. Olympia. Now I think the strongest point for Chris Bumstedt is the width of his lats. I think the width of his lats gives him this crazy V-taper effect in every single pose. But in particular his front last spread which both of these guys hit during this little pose down. I think it was one of the most impressive poses by Chris Bumstedt. But Regan Grimes really held his own. I mean this guy is a very wide body builder as well. I mean how to vary impressive V-taper effect also which again is one of the main things that are looking for in classic physique. So I'm excited man. I think this is great for classic physique. It's building a lot of hype for the division. I think Regan Grimes jumping in that division is drawing a lot of new attention to classic physique and they're going to say okay this is a guy that's a top you know open body builder. This guy can do well in men's open. He's got a large following. He's a very popular guy. He made the decision to switch over into this division. So I think a lot of people are saying okay let's give this division a chance and see what this division is all about. If Regan wants to switch into it there might be something to this division. Now I think if we have this rivalry between two Canadian classic physique pros that both turn pro around the same time that have competed against each other in the past have somewhat similar structures. I think it's going to be an interesting battle to see on stage. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about this little impromptu posed down and who do you think look better? I mean it wasn't offseason posed down so it's not really a good indicator of who's going to win. But who do you think look better in this posed down Regan or Bumstead? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Robert Nailon： Arnold's Personal Photographer [nm7tBuI9fXg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nicky with Nick's trying to power. So in this video I want to talk about a body builder and also a classic body building photographer by the name of Robert Neilon. Now Robert Neilon might arguably be one of the most interesting characters to come out of the golden era of body building. Being both a golden era body builder himself, a good friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger and also only the most iconic golden era photographer of all time. Some of the best photos of Arnold Schwarzenegger and these golden era body builders came directly from Robert Neilon. So this guy can be seen pictured in many pictures with all the best body builders in the world to come out of that era. You can see pictures of him training in Vince Grande as Jim with guys like Larry Scott, the first Mr. Olympia ever. He's also a good friend of Frank Zane. There's many photos of him training with Frank Zane hanging out of Frank Zane. Of course he was friends with Frank Oklahoma as well as Arnold Schwarzenegger. In fact he was such a good friend with Arnold. There's a famous photo of Arnold getting into a classic Corvette. I see three Corvette Stingray. And that is actually Robert Neilon's Corvette and not Arnold's Corvette. So that famous photo of Arnold with the Corvette. It wasn't even his. It was Robert's. So Robert in addition to being this famous photographer, body builder and body building enthusiast. He's also a current enthusiast and car collector. And that yellow Corvette was one of the cars from his collection as well. So specifically as a body builder, Robert Neilon competed a couple times throughout the 70s and primarily competed over in Australia. So he never really won any major body building titles, but he was one of the most well-known body builders to come out of Australia. Now despite the fact that he didn't really win any major titles, he did have a very impressive classic physique. In my opinion it was very reminiscent of a Steve Reeves kind of as he was very aesthetic. His posing was very good. And like I said, he was training with the best of the best Arnold Franco, Frank Zane, Larry Scott, Dave Draper, Reg Park, training at Vince Garondas Legendary Jim. So this guy was a true staple of these golden era guys, but really a lot of people don't know who he is. You'll see a lot of famous golden era photos featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger featuring Franco Colombo. And there's always this guy that not a lot of people know who is that. And that happens to be Robert Neilon. He's in a ton of these photos. He's on a ton of magazine covers. And really, he's one of the more underappreciated golden era body builders in my opinion, because really I don't hear anyone ever talk about him. But the primary focus of this video is going to be Robert Neilon's photography. So Robert Neilon, as I mentioned before, was one of the most iconic golden era body building photographers, specifically the photos that he would take of Arnold Schwarzenegger throughout the younger years of his career. And this was the guy who's passionate for photography, goes as far back as his passion for body building. He started photography when he was 15. I believe he started body building when he was 12. So really, I've got a great appreciation for what he did because it's really similar to me. I've been into photography since I was very, very young. And I was in the body building since I was very, very young. So I mean, what could be the bigger dream than for a guy like this to combine this passion with body building and his passion for photography and go on to take some of the rarest photos of arguably the greatest bodybuilder of all time Arnold Schwarzenegger. So Arnold and Robert would be in 1972 when Arnold would come to Australia for an exhibition in Queensland, Australia. That would be the first time they met and from that point on, you know, they'd be good friends. Robert and Arnold would drive around in his 1971 Corvette, which I mentioned earlier. They'd go to lunch, go shopping. And they just became very good friends. And because of that friendship, Arnold allowed Robert to take thousands and thousands of photos of him during the course of his body building career as well as becoming his training partner. So specifically, Robert has photos of Arnold from 1972, 1974, 1975, 78, 79 and 81. And he also claims to have the largest collection of photos of Arnold from the 1980 Mr. Olympia, which many people believe is the most controversial Olympia of all time. He did a photoshoot with Arnold back then. And he says he got more shots than anyone else. So that's where he started the Arnold collection. And that's what I wanted to mention in this video. Because the Arnold collection is probably one of the most expensive and rarest collection of photographs of any gold narrow body builder that has ever existed. So the Arnold collection, I see it every year at the Arnold Classic, they have kind of their own booth with those show some of these photos. And these are some of the rare photos that Robert and I love. And talk of Arnold over his career. Now, I mean, these are photos that you're not going to see on Google, these are photos that you're not going to see out there for free. These are just rare photos that only Robert and I love how he has in his collection that Arnold allowed him to take through various points in his career. So I thought this would make a fascinating topic for a video, just because of the sheer number of gold narrow photos that you can see Robert and I line in and I'm sure a lot of people just don't know who he is. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick's strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Roelly Winklaar looking INSANE at guest posing 7 weeks out [9XANKJ-CZZE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I was lucky enough to get a guest posing video of Roli Winkler, which was taken yesterday in India actually. So a fan of mine from India actually sent this to me. Now, here's in the front row at the audience, I wanted to give him a shout out here. His name is Angkor Shandree. So thank you for sharing that with me so I could share it with you guys. So the first thing that stands out to me here right away, that is going to be that Roli Winkler is huge. I mean, he's very, very big right now. I mean, it's not the most conditioned guy out of all the guys that we've seen so far, the guest posing that we've been seeing. I'm really been seeing a lot of him lately. But I wouldn't say that Roli's in bad shape either. I mean, again, he has over seven weeks to prepare for the Mr. Olympia. But Roli is a guy that year after year just continues to blow my mind. I mean, this guy might be the freakyest guy on the Olympia stage. Not big ramen, not feel he, but in terms of just overall freakiness. Roli Winkler just literally looks like what you would imagine a cartoon of a body-border to look like. Just everything about him is so extreme and freaky. And I mean, that in a good way, just the roundness and the 3D look to his entire physique is just absolutely unreal. And Roli is a guy that this year. I really want to see him and I really think he can do this. Be somewhere in that top four this year at the Mr. Olympia. Just likely I could see him landing in fourth, but I really want to see him place his highest third. Now Roli took six last year at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. But I think based on what we saw from Roli Winkler at the Arnold Australia, where he had significantly improved his midsection, his waist looked way smaller, his conditioning was great. And keep in mind, at the Arnold Classic Australia, he beat William Bonac, who took third at last year's Olympia, and he beat Dexter Jackson, who took fourth at last year's Olympia. So I could certainly see a guy like Roli Winkler moving up to a place like 3rd or 4th and beating these guys again at the Olympia. If he's able to bring that same physique, that same shape, that same conditioning that he brought to the Arnold Australia, because that version of Roli Winkler, in my opinion, was arguably the best version of Roli that we've seen to date, so you could make the argument that the best is yet to come. So this is what Roli is looking like, man, between seven and eight weeks out from the Mr. Olympia. Again, this was taken in India on Sunday. So he may have been retaining some water from the trip over to India. Obviously, there's a little bit of bloat there. He's definitely holding some water, but overall, I am expecting big things from Roli Winkler at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Roli is looking here. Thank you guys for watching the video. And thank you again to Oncore for sending me this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Stankham Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Ruff Diesel WINS Prague + Nick Walker Splits With His Coach AGAIN + Prague Pro Scorecards [q6a2XzbetC4].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Strengthen, Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys. Today, obviously, the Prague Pro was the biggest story of the weekend. We've got a couple of stories associated with that and aside from that. But first off, the classic physique portion of the Prague Pro. Terrence Ruffin has won his fourth show of the year, winning the Prague show. Of course, he also won the Pittsburgh Pro, the New York Pro, the Brazil Pro, third at the Olympia, and now winning Prague. So five shows this year, top three at the Olympia in four professional wins. Absolutely stunning, posing routine at this show. And again, I want to shout out, Ruffin. They have some of the more clear, best videos that I've seen of this show. And I saw this video of Terrence. I mean, do you guys agree that Terrence, I think it looks better here than he looked at the Olympia? I think he looks a little bit sharper, a little bit tighter. I think you can see some finer details. I mean, maybe it's the lighting, but I honestly think Terrence looks better here than he looked at the Olympia. And I think that Terrence is a great example of how lucky we are that this era of bodybuilding right now has been so exciting. Like I said, Terrence is a top Olympia contender. A lot of people even had Terrence winning the Olympia this year. And we've seen him compete five times this year and even looking back at Prague. Samson Doudle was raining Mr. Olympia when the year started. He's now competed three times this year. The Arnold the Olympia and Prague. You have Derek, and again, I know people don't like him. He won the Olympia, but he also did the Arnold and Pittsburgh and won those two. And I feel like when you look at this era in bodybuilding, what guys like Terrence and Samson and even Derek are doing. I kind of look back at like the 2010s era, like the Phil Heath era, the Flex Lewis era. You didn't see a raining Mr. Olympia. Do three shows in a year. They kind of just focused on the Olympia. You didn't really see raining Mr. Olympia's get beaten outside of the Olympia because they didn't do those shows. You didn't see all these crossovers. Like we're seeing three times, two, 12 Mr. Olympia, key on Pearson, compete in a random open show. We're seeing Sean Clarita a multiple time, two, 12 Mr. Olympia. Compete an open show still. Six time Mr. Olympia. Chris Bumstedt last year competed in an open show. Derek Lunsford himself is a crossover from two, 12 to winning the open Olympia two times. You just didn't really have all of this stuff in like the previous decade of bodybuilding. And I feel like the 2025, 2020's post-COVID era. We're seeing a lot of exciting things happen. We get to see a guy like Terrence compete five times in a year. We get to see two Mr. Olympias between the two of them compete six times in a year. Between Derek and Samson, that was six times competing. So I know that's kind of a tangent, but while you're watching this beautiful video of Terrence, I just think that just take a moment to appreciate like how active these past couple years and bodybuilding have been and how often we get to see these top guys competing. And again, with Terrence, there was another thing to this weekend where he actually asked the head judge Steve Weinberger. I guess this was at the athlete check-ins. And I saw this also on rep one. And he gave some clarification here that I think a lot of people wanted about the hiding in classic physique. So according to Steve and according to this interaction, the hiding for classic physique will be done at the Olympia for the guys that competed in the Olympia. And for the rest of the year, that's apparently going to be their height going into any other show. Then they're going to be re-hided at the Olympia, then that's their height for the following year. So what I don't know though is if you don't compete at the Olympia, if you're not an Olympian classic physique guy, and there's lots of guys who aren't, do you just get re-hided every single time you compete throughout the year? But it sounds like if you're an Olympian, that's kind of the plan going forward. You're going to get re-hided at the Olympia. That's your height for the rest of the year, and you're re-hided again the next year. So he did get us some clarification on that. So shout out to Terrence, kind of asking that tough question. Now next up in the news, I know this was a couple days ago, but I've just been focused on progress weekend. So I haven't really been looking at this other stuff. Nick Walker parts with his coach officially. His coach Kyle Wilkes, who prepped him for the Olympia. He prepped him for Pittsburgh and he prepped him for the New York show. So on this unrapped podcast where we have three different prep coaches, kind of discussing this topic, he talks about the manner in which Nick Walker parted ways with him. He gave him a phone call, and I thought one of the takeaways, which was the takeaway for Kyle, was that Nick said apparently on that phone call that he wasn't happy with the Pittsburgh look. And that was surprising to his coach, and I think that's surprising to me and probably to a lot of you guys to hear, because I think that was probably Nick's maybe best look ever aside from maybe the Arnold that he won in 2021. But it certainly sounds like the root of them parting ways was the Olympia placing in the Olympia look. And I kind of sympathize with his coach in this situation, because he makes a good point in saying, it's kind of like you spend all this time working with somebody. And you're kind of practicing, like you're learning as you go. And you're learning show to show, you're learning what to change, what to fix, what to tweak. Then you take that information into the next show, tweak it, and try to bring it better package. So it's like you spend all this time, all these different preps, learning about your client, and then they kind of just take that on to the next coach, and you don't even get the opportunity to take that information, and try to apply it to another show and do better. And I think it raises the question with Nick, and I think especially in Nick's case, because the reason why this is newsworthy is because this is not a new thing for Nick. I think the biggest story of, I guess it was last year at this point, was the breakup of Nick and Matt Jansson. And that breakup was rooted in Nick not doing the Olympia in 2024. And then also of course, Nick had missed the prior years Olympia as well. And Nick and Matt seemed especially close, the breakup between them seemed especially, you know, bad, it seemed like there was bad blood. And it seems like that's the case here too, because apparently Kyle and Nick have unfollowed each other on Instagram. And apparently they've been long time friends. And Nick had worked with Kyle previously prior to working with Matt, it kind of makes you wonder, is the coach the issue in Nick's situation, or is Nick the issue? Because the Kyle's credit, it does kind of seem like it was an emotional response from Nick, you have one bad placing, and then ditch your coach. And that seems to be kind of Nick's M.O. is like an emotional reaction in, you know, splitting with the coach. But the Kyle's credit, yeah, the Olympia wasn't a great look for Nick, but Pittsburgh was. And Nick won New York again with Kyle. So two out of three shows were kind of home runs. And one bad placing instead of okay, let's take this information, tweak it, learn from it, and do better next time. It's like I'm just going to find somebody else. And then what does that say for the future of Nick's career? Is he too impulsive? Is he too emotional? Is he changing coaches too often? Is this part of the problem? And it is kind of disappointing, because Nick had all this momentum this year, and momentum generated from his work, with Kyle. And that momentum now, I kind of feel like I'm back in the camp of maybe Nick will never be back in the top three at the Olympia. Maybe it is a Nick thing that Nick can't overcome. And I think another point that they brought up in this podcast, they said, you know, a lot of this like switching coaches, thing bodybuilders jumping from coach to coach, they feel like maybe the bodybuilder thinks the next coach is going to have some secret, some some ex-factor answer that the previous coach didn't. And that's not the case in that a good coaching relationship really just comes from communication and working on and learning from these preps, even if they're mistakes or there's things that can fix, it's like this learning process of figuring it out over time that makes a good coaching relationship. And there is no really secret answer that one coach has over another, it's really just about learning the client. And so it makes me wonder what's next for Nick, who will his next coach be? Will he have a coach? Will it reflect positively or negatively on his physique? And I think to be fair, maybe sometimes the role of a coach could be overstated, I mean, Hottie Chouppen, I think everybody, we're not everybody, but a lot of people thought Hottie should have won the Olympia this year. I'm sure a lot of people watching this video think that this was the first year that Hottie didn't have a coach, Hottie Rambad legitimately did not prep Hottie for this show he did it on his own, or with whoever helped him maybe someone in Iran, but like no big coach, Hottie wasn't working with him. He's still almost won the Olympia. Daryck Lundsford switched coaches, he started working with Chris Asito, he won three shows in a year, two of them, the Olympia and the Arnold and then Pittsburgh. Ramon Dino spent, and I think Ramon is a good example of this, Ramon spent years working with Asito in not getting that win. He waited, he was patient, they learned, and he got the win. So to be fair to Nick too, sometimes a new coach is a good thing, sometimes no coach is a good thing. Samson Dada is a prime example of that. Samson won the Olympia working with his wife on it with his prep. So to be fair, you know, switching coaches a lot, jumping from coach to coach, maybe the role of a coach could be overstated when a body builder is at a certain level. Maybe it doesn't even matter who's coaching you. Once you're at the top and you've got that size, you've got those genetics, you've already won these top tier shows. You've already got a physique that if you're in somewhat reasonable shape, you're going to do well and maybe it doesn't even matter who coaches you when you're at that level. And then you got to wonder like how much of the coach versus athlete is responsible, like how much of it was the coach making mistakes. In Nick's case, how much of it was Nick, you know, not following the protocol or not following the diet or, you know, you're straying from this or straying from that. What we don't know, but let me know what you guys think in the comments down below, what do you think of the split between Nick and Kyle, what do you think the real motivation was if there was something deeper behind it? And who do you think Nick's next coach is going to be if he has one and what do you think the next show he's going to do is going to be, I hope it's the Arnold. Now next up in the news, we do have the official score cards from the Prague pro for open body building Martin Fitzwater and Samson Dada. It was as close as it looked at both pre judging and finals, a one point decision at pre judging and a one point decision at the finals. Martin with a score of four at both pre judging and finals, Samson with a score of five, so a very close battle between those two. Michael Criszo improving from pre judging to finals as we as we noticed, he looked a lot better at the finals than he looked at the pre judging improving his score by one point with 10 at pre judging and nine at the finals. Keon Pearson and Joan Predell battling it out, so Keon could have been fifth at pre judging. He was actually tied with Joan Predell's 13 to 13 at pre judging. Keon broke the tie at the finals. Actually, really technically Joan broke it because I guess that would mean Joan got worse if Joan score got higher. I think that Keon did get better for the pre judging, but Joan ended up with 14 to 13 putting Keon in the fourth place spot and breaking that tie. So rounding out the top six, Jan Turck was in sixth Tim Budashime in seventh, Pavel Baron in eighth, Damien Kuffle in ninth and rounding out the top 10, Joseph Kventon. That was the dude with the beard and the tattoos and I just want to point out he had an incredible condition. He was very impressive looking at this show. I really liked his physique. But anyway, that's going to wrap it up for the video today guys. I hope you did enjoy it. Make sure you like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already. And as always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Next rank and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick Strength Power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick Strength and Power. My secondary YouTube channel Nick Strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel Nick Strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look and all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Samir Bannout： ＂There Should be only ONE Mr. Olympia＂ [tWoQWFXtZbk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I've actually got a pretty interesting topic for you guys here. So you guys might remember the 1983 Mr. Olympia winner. Some of you are Benute. So he was one of the few Mr. Olympia winners to only win one Olympia title that year in 1983 and he would not win another one. So some of you are Benute recently weighed in on kind of a relevant topic today. And that is the topic of whether or not you should call yourself Mr. Olympia. If you win your category or your class at the Mr. Olympia competition. Now this was first brought up by Phil, he's girlfriend, maybe a week or so ago. Where she made a post on Instagram saying if you win classic physique, two, twelve or men's physique at the Mr. Olympia, you won your division, but you cannot call yourself Mr. Olympia. Only the winner of the men's open body builder, a men's open body building aka Phil, and he has the right to call himself Mr. Olympia and is disrespectful in her words to call yourself Mr. Olympia if you are not the men's open body builder winner. So that was a very interesting discussion in and of itself. But I think you can't really get any more relevant than some near Benute. An actual Mr. Olympia winner weighing out on this topic. So here's what some near Benute had to say on his Instagram post. There should be only one Mr. Olympia winner per year. Phil, Breon, Flex, only one. Please NPC Pro League. I'm assuming he's referring to the IAPV there. Let's have a pose down among these great champions and only one can be called or declared Mr. Olympia. In my opinion, this is the best way to go. What do you guys think? Now I'm kind of torn on this, honestly, because really the history of the Mr. Olympia is all rooted in men's open body building. Back in 1965, the Olympia started with men's open body building. But the interesting thing is starting in the 70s, I believe it was 1974, they actually did introduce the over 200 and under 200 categories in body building. So someone would win the over 200 and someone would win the under 200 and those two winners would go head to head for the overall title of Mr. Olympia. And you guys may remember that best from Arnold and Franco going head to head, Franco winning the under and Arnold winning the over. So that would go on for a while and that would really be a big reason why Frank Zane would go on to win three Mr. Olympias. That would be a reason why Franco won the Olympia in 1976, although they would do away with this in 1980. So it didn't last very long. It lasted less than a decade, but it was something that was part of body building history where they would have different divisions go head to head for the overall title. So this is not something that hasn't been done before. So the interesting part about this was you could have a classic physique guy, a two 12 guy, and a men's open body building guy go head to head for the Mr. Olympia title. And the guy that one men's open might not be declared men's open Mr. Olympia. They might not be declared Mr. Olympia period. I think that could be a very interesting thing. At the same time it could kind of be sac religious to body building history, but it could also be very interesting because we did have this in the 70s. And that's what we saw with the pumping iron documentary. We saw that over and under 200 and that made the documentary even more interesting because it had that dynamic to the Mr. Olympia. So my question to you guys is, do you think this would be a good idea at the Mr. Olympia to see Breon, Phil Heath, Flex Lewis, or whoever ends up winning these divisions in the future go head to head for the sole title of Mr. Olympia. So this isn't something that hasn't been done before. Again, I'll reiterate that because it's not like, you know, this is kind of a brand new idea. This is something that has been done. So it's not something that couldn't be done in the future. It's certainly an actual possibility because this has been done before. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Personally, I do think it would be cool to see Breon, Phil and Flex go head to head or who, again, whoever wins those divisions. But honestly, it could be, you know, kind of weird. I mean, it could be it could result in some controversial decisions. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's time for Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Saying Goodbye to Hedge.... [Y4uYlrlu4mg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So this is the video that I didn't want to make and I wasn't really planning on making for a while. I was hoping this would be something I wasn't going to have any time soon, but unfortunately I did last night, hedge pass the way. I know a lot of you guys saw it on Instagram already, and I'm absolutely blown away by the number of messages that I've gotten, the number of comments that I've gotten, the number of likes on that picture. It just really means the world to me, how much hedge meant to a lot of you guys. I think it might sound silly to some people, you know, me being this upset over the death of a hedgehog. But if I can be honest with you guys, hedge was really the first pet that I really had for myself. I mean growing up I never had any pets. My parents really weren't big on letting us have pets. So as soon as I was old enough to take responsibility and buy my own pet, I decided I wanted a hedgehog and that's what I went out and got. I'm in hedge was the first pet that I really ever had. And for the first, you know, three years that I had had, had first two or three years, I would get off work at night, I would come home. And hedge would be their waiting for me, I'd get hedge out of his cage. I put him on me, he would crawl up into my arm pit, he would go take a nap. We would watch TV and we'd kind of fall asleep like that. With hedge just kind of crumbled into my arm there. And that was the first two or three years of having hedge. A lot of people say the hedgehogs don't make good pets. A lot of people say they got a mean hedgehog or a hedgehog. It's not very social or a hedgehog and bites them or spikes. Or whatever the case may be. But for me, hedge was always, we just seemed to have some kind of connection. Again, it's just one of those things. If you haven't had a pet or you haven't had an animal, I guess it's something that you just want to really understand. But yeah, honestly, hedge and I had that connection right away. He was always a great pet to me. And then he became part of the channel, which is really something that, forever, we're going to be grateful for. I mean, this is, I don't think people understand. And this is an amazing time to be alive. This is an amazing time to be a human being. We have this opportunity to share our thoughts, our ideas, our pets, make these videos. And they reach millions of people. The videos of hedge alone. And I think we're at over 7 million views of all of combined videos of hedge. So 7 million people have seen my pet hedgehog. And I think it's just a rare time to be alive. And there would have been no, what hedgehog could have expected of what hedge ended up having. I mean, I don't even know if he was able to understand or realize it, I've showed him. He'd be sitting in my lap. And I would show him some of the videos that I've posted. I would scroll through the comments. I mean, obviously, he can't read his hedgehog. But I'll show him the videos. He can, I mean, he can look at the TV and watch the videos. Whether or not he understands what the hell he's looking at, I don't know. But I tried to show him what he had become. Because I thought it was this amazing thing that your pet can millions of people can be affected by your pet. And it's just been amazing and it's blown my mind. And I've gotten so many comments and messages. And when I say that I've gotten thousands of messages on Instagram, I'm not even exaggerating. Every time I refresh my phone ever since I posted that video hedge, there was like 100 new messages just constantly popping into my inbox. I haven't even had time to go through them all yet. But I'd do appreciate that more than anything in the world. Just the fact, whether or not you cared about hedge or not, just the fact that you took the time to send me a message and say, hey, I'm sorry for your loss. If you need anything, I'm here for you. Just the fact that people were reaching out and showing support. And then on top of that, all the people that said, you know, hedge, you know, had bright in their day, had to make them laugh. They enjoyed the hedgehog videos. They're going to miss hedge. People saying they were crying. And when I made that pose, that kind of stuff really, really touched me. I'm going to just really made me appreciate this opportunity that we have, that I have, that you have to be in this amazing, you know, this amazing time of technology. This amazing stuff that we're able to do, and share these ideas and videos and your pet with the world and it becomes this whole new thing. So again, I know it might sound corny as a set as I am about the hedgehog dying because it is a small animal. It's just one of those things. Man, I was really connected to him. I thought he had a great presence on my channel. He was a big part of the growth of my channel. And we just had a good relationship to me in the hedgehog. I can count on one hand the number of times that I've cried as an adult less than five times that I can remember crying, you know, since I've been 18 or older. And this is one of those times. I mean, when I found hedge, so let me give you guys a story here. So yesterday, you guys may have saw my pose on Instagram. I took edge out of his cage. I was holding him. I was trying to make him feel better and comfort him. And I noticed that he had blood coming out of his butt, which obviously, that's not a good sign. So I immediately called the vet the vet said they couldn't get me into a Friday. So I was fully expecting, you know, hedgehog's going to make it overnight. He might be sick. There might be something seriously wrong with him. But he's going to make it to go to the vet on Friday. We're going to figure out what's wrong. Get him some medicine. And at the worst case scenario, if something is fatally wrong with him, at least I'll be able to be there and hold him and comfort him. And they give him that shot to use a knife. And that's one of the things that I regret the most is that he couldn't make it to the vet. Because even though he's obviously terminally ill with whatever was causing him to die, I just wish we could have made it to the vet. So I had that opportunity to be there with him. Let me took his last breath. That's just one of the things that I really wanted to do. I was fully anticipating what the wobbly hedgehog thing. If he became paralyzed to the point where he needed to get you to the vet, I was fully prepared to take him to the vet. But I just wanted to be there holding him when it happened. I just wanted to comfort him on his way out. And that's my biggest regret of the whole thing. Because what I had done when I noticed he had gotten sicker is I had moved him into my office. So he wasn't in my bedroom anymore. So my biggest regret was I stayed with him all day yesterday when I thought he was sick because obviously bleeding out of his butt and he had really bruised arms. So I stayed with him all day yesterday at the office. But I left at night. I didn't think he was going to die overnight. That's my biggest regret of the whole thing is that I wasn't there with him when he died. In the morning we found him and he was just cold and stiff. But he did look like he was a piece. He was just kind of, I took a picture of it. I was wrestling with whether or not I should post the picture. I took a picture of him after he died. He was just croded up like he always is. He looked like he was a sleep. He looked peaceful. He almost kind of had a smile on his face. I was going to post the picture. I decided against it. I don't want to make people crazy sad because it's a sad picture. It's a dead hedgehogs. I don't want to post that. But I will post some videos and photos of hedge. From the good times that we had, the good videos that we had, the good pictures that we had. I took all kinds of funny pictures of hedge. During all the holidays I'll post those in this video if you guys want to stay tuned for those. I might just want to make this video kind of saying what happened to him. I don't really know what the cause of death was. The wobbly hedgehog syndrome thing where he was starting to go paralyzed. The vet told me he probably had 15 more months until that would get to a point where he needed to be possibly put down. This kind of came out of nowhere. Again, I don't know what happened. I just buried him today. I got a nice memorial hedgehog stone picked out for him to put that on top of his grave. If you guys have any input, basically what I noticed yesterday is bleeding out of his butt. His whole arm, his whole forearm, I guess it's his leg, was just badly blue and purple. I have no idea what would have caused it. That was that man. Then overnight we found him. I do appreciate all your guys to support. Again, I can't express to you guys how much it means to me. When I saw how many messages I was getting, it made me so happy and so blown away. Like I said, not only that this many people had been affected by hedge, but that that many people care enough about me, about the channel, just about me as a person or about hedge. Just to reach out to me and say, hey, I hope you're okay. Please, it blows me away. It was thousands of people. I only have 20,000 followers on Instagram. I don't really promote my Instagram that much. For me to get that many messages and that big of a response was just amazing for me. So I appreciate you guys. I'll show you guys some clips ahead. It's probably going to be sad. So you guys don't want to see it. Don't continue to watch. But if you guys do want to see some of the throwback pictures and videos ahead, please continue to watch the videos. Thank you guys. I appreciate each and every single one of you. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Give the video a thumbs up to show your support for hedge. Let's make this just a really well-liked video. Just a be a part of hedge's memory. Because that's one of the great things about hedge. And that he's always going to live throughout the videos that I made on him on the channel. He's going to live forever on those videos. And this video is going to be one of them. So thank you guys. I'm going to enjoy the following videos next time I'm power signing out. It's nothing I plan and nothing I can but you should be mine across the line. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. And for a mess I might not walk on by. Maybe next time, but not this time. And I know I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. Even though I know I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. Even though I know. I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, hold away for one thing.

=== FILE: Sergio Oliva Jr. at the 2018 Chicago Pro [02M0LwPD6Rw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So obviously yesterday we had the Classic Vizic Division at the 2018 Chicago Pro. And today of course we have the men's open body building division of the Chicago Pro. Now the biggest name obviously in this show is going to be Sergio LeVaduño coming back to his hometown looking to pick up the win and pick up this title to add to his collection with that New York Pro win that he took away in 2017. So for the most part I think Sergio actually did look very good here. I do think he improves some things on his physique. I think his legs look noticeably bigger, overall his posing was good. And based on the callouts he's looking like he's going to be in the top three for sure, probably the winner of the show, which is what a lot of people expected to begin with. This isn't early that deep of a lineup here. And the top three is looking to be Sergio LeVaduño just in Luis Rodriguez and Michael Lockett. My guess would be Justin Luis Rodriguez takes second and Michael Lockett takes third here. And most likely we're going to see Sergio LeVaduño pick up the win. Again, not really that deep of a lineup, not really that deep of a show. In fact, I think the Classic Vizic Division was actually more exciting at the Chicago Pro than the men's open was because it was really the pro debut of Wesley Visitors. I think a lot more people were excited about that than you know, just served you in a couple other guys competing. So that's the pre judging for the 2018 Chicago Pro. Stay tuned for later on in the day. In the finals come out. I will report those results on the channel as well. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schuyme the Power signing out.

=== FILE: Shawn Rhoden Guest Posing 7 weeks out [5WFFnYkLshw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I've got a guest posing video of Shawn Flexetron Roden taking yesterday on Saturday. And here we are almost seven weeks out from the Olympian now. So this is a pretty good indicator of the conditioning that Shawn's in compared to some of the other guys. We've seen William Boenack, we saw him do a guest posing last week. We saw big rommies posing video a couple days ago. So we have a good idea of a lot of the top six guys really how they're looking. And I would like to give a little shout out to the fan that sent me to this Instagram username as D underscore more. He was actually competing in this show that Shawn guest posing and he took this video for me. I'm so honored to make sure I shouted him out. So my initial thoughts on Shawn Roden. Number one, I really like Shawn Roden as a bodybuilder. I think he's got a great structure. Typically he has a small waist. Now 2017 was kind of an exception to that. He did have a little bit of distance and has a waist that seemed to be problematic for him. Now based on this guest posing, there's a couple of issues that I think Shawn is going to have at the Olympia. Number one, the part of this guest posing that stood out to me the most was the back shots. Now Shawn's main struggle when it comes to Shawn versus Phil, even when Shawn was second place at the Olympia, his main problem was the back shots. The detail in the back, the density, the thickness and the size of the back is just wasn't there. And I think that's the main reason why Shawn could never be Phil. Unless Shawn brings up that back, I just don't see it happening. And based on this guest posing video, now I know the qualities relatively low they usually are on these iPhone guest posing videos. But if you look at the back shots, you can clearly tell regardless of the quality of video. Shawn's back number one is not really in shape. I mean, you can compare it to what we saw from Big Rami. You can compare it to what we saw from William Bonac. The glutes and the hamstrings are just completely not conditioned at all yet. And with Big Rami, we at least saw that his glutes and hamves were already having separation and some tie-ins. So I think that's a good indicator. If 300 plus pound guy like Big Rami is already starting to dial in his glutes and hamves, I think a smaller guy like Shawn Roden should have already had this thing dial in. So that's the first thing I noticed was the glutes and hamves just look really watery. And maybe not where they're supposed to be at almost seven weeks out. And then of course in those same back shots, if you look at the upper back and you compare to Phil Heath. Now granted, we don't have a guest posing video of Phil Heath to look at. So it wouldn't be a fair comparison. But just looking at any photo of Phil Heath's back and paired with what you see from Shawn's. It's just a simple matter of the thickness. It's just not there. And like I mentioned earlier last year, he had an issue with his gut. The thing that I'm seeing in a lot of these poses here is that it appears the most watery and least conditioned part of Shawn Roden right now is his midsection. I mean, his midsection appears very watery to me. Now in my prediction video, for the 2018, I won't be in my early prediction video. I had Shawn Roden slipping a few play things. And based on what we're seeing here, I would still keep that prediction. I think Shawn Roden could potentially slip out of the top six if he doesn't come correct. And I think that's something that's certainly looking like a possibility at this point. So let me know what you guys think about how Shawn Roden is looking at this guest posing. Again, we're almost seven weeks out right now from the Olympias. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing it up.

=== FILE: Short VS Long Biceps [9hJf06b6Vo4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Giant of Power. So in this video I wanted to talk about the difference between a quote unquote short bicep and long bicep head. So you're going to see two different kinds of biceps and bodybuilding primarily. So the first kind, I think one of the best examples of the long muscle belly is going to be looking at Larry Scott. So Larry Scott was one of the most famous bodybuilders in terms of having that long muscle belly and having really good arms at the same time. So basically when someone refers to a bicep as being a long bicep or a long bicep head, what they're referring to is a long muscle belly with a short tendon where the muscle pretty much extends all the way to the forearm when flex from the front. So that's what a long bicep looks like from the forearm to the shoulder. So when people refer to a short bicep or a short bicep head, what they're referring to there is a short muscle belly with a long tendon. So when you flex the bicep from the front, the bicep looks kind of similar to a heart and it has a much better peak or a much more pronounced peak than a long bicep. And typically in that front double bicep, you can see the tendon between the bicep muscle and the forearm in the front double bicep. Where's the long muscle belly? You can't see that tendon. Now I think if we look back at past Mr. Olympia winners and try to find a Mr. Olympia, that best exemplified that short bicep head. I think Ronnie Coleman or Arnold Schwarzenegger would be too very good examples of the short bicep head. Now another fascinating thing about the long versus short biceps is that typically throughout bodybuilding history, there've been a lot of famous rivalries between a Mr. Olympia and a Mr. Olympia runner-up where each guy had a different inserted bicep. So if we go back to the early Mr. Olympia as you take Sergio Leva for example, another guy where they long bicep head, you can see the bicep because all the way to the forearm very long and thick bicep. He had a rivalry with Arnold Schwarzenegger, very famous for having the very peaked, very short bicep heads. Then in the pumping iron documentary Arnold versus Lou Ferrigno, Lou Ferrigno guy again who has famously long bicep heads, Arnold having famously short bicep heads. Fast forward to more modern times. I'll say Phil Heath is an example of a guy that has a long bicep head and Kai Green has a very very peaked and very very short bicep heads and they're one of the greatest bodybuilding rivalries of all time. So I think the fascinating difference between these two different pifter bicep heads typically ends in these two guys both being very impressive bodybuilders and really coming down to the separation between first and second at the Olympia. So I also wanted to throw in this video a couple of extreme examples of a short bicep head. A very extremely peaked bicep to the point where the shape of the bicep is almost distorted looking. So this example here is going to be Leonard St. Sears. So this guy is a UK bodybuilder and this guy has one of the craziest bicep peaks I've ever seen. I mean a lot of people say it's so peaked that it doesn't even look aesthetic or appealing to them and almost looks weird. It doesn't even look normal. It is a very very extreme case of a short bicep head and a very peaked bicep. And then of course a lot of people refer to the shape of a short bicep head as a heart-shaped bicep. And I think the best example of that would be Albert Beckles. Albert Beckles, you know, his bicep is really dead on resembled a heart like turned on its side. So I think he's a perfect example of that analogy of a short head bicep being heart-shaped. And one of the questions that I get a lot that's kind of a misconception about short versus long muscle bellies is how do I train my muscle belly to be short or long? And the answer to that question is you can't. It's just simply genetics. You're born with one muscle belly or the other. And you got to do your best to train it. You don't really have an option of being short or long. You're just born that way. And I would say a perfect example of this would be Sergio Aliva and his son Sergio Aliva Jr. I mean they have very, very similar arms. They both have long muscle belly biceps. And that's a perfect example of those muscle bellies genetics being passed on from one generation to another genetically. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Maybe found it interesting. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Should you stay Natural？ [bOvwZhi5NGo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Chin the Power. So in this video I want to talk about the pressure to take steroids in this industry that were all kind of involved. And if you're watching this video, I'm your own body building YouTube channel. So you're probably a fan of body building. I'm really at least the fan of the fitness industry in general. And you're following the current events, the Mr. Olympia, the Arnold Classic. Or you at least follow some guys on Instagram or YouTube that might be bodybuilders. So you have some interest in this physical culture that is this body building and fitness industry. So I think it's someone with a large following. Now it really is one of our obligations. We really have a, we really kind of have a duty to talk about things like this because I think it is really an important subject. And we myself being a natural bodybuilder but still being a fan of the IFPB and watching these shows and I think it's entertaining. Now I think we do have a certain responsibility to talk about the fact that there's a tremendous pressure specifically on young kids to take steroids. I mean they see these guys, they look up to these guys before they were on magazines kind of now not so much. We don't really look at the magazines for our motivation. We see Instagram. And Instagram I think is an even bigger problem than the magazines because you've got filters. You've got people taking photos under the best lighting, the best angles, making themselves look the best that they can possibly look. And probably as unrealistic as they can possibly look, especially these pro bodybuilders, you see these guys post on Instagram under perfect lighting, perfect filters, sharpening up their pictures and they look just unreal. They provide kind of this idyllic image of what the physique can look like to a lot of these younger guys. And being a natural guy myself, it's been training for 10 years. I've been through pretty much every stage of the mindset of bodybuilding. I mean when we all first get started, it's great. I mean the first couple of years that you're lifting, you see it from men this amount of change happening to your body, really for me I didn't feel any pressure or any interest and even learning about or looking at or taking any kind of steroids. I know interested in it because when I first started training, I was putting on like 15 or 20 pounds of muscle or weight if you want to call weight or muscle per year because it was those beginner gains. So I think as beginner lifters we all kind of don't really, we don't really see ourselves as needing an extra push to get bigger because we're seeing these tremendous changes to our body. And that's what really gets us hooked. And I think it definitely is something that happens in stages. Especially when you're a natural guy, the way that you look at yourself, the way that you look at your physique, the way that bigger rexia kind of comes and goes. Kind of the way your self-esteem goes because self-esteem I think in this industry is a really big problem for a lot of people, especially the natural guys because you do feel this pressure, especially a guy like me and I've got a massive following online almost 400,000 subscribers on my YouTube channel. So if anyone feels pressure to look better or to have a more impressive physique or to have a physique that would impress more people, it's a guy like me man, it's been natural for 10 years and I'm seeing all these guys with crazy big channels. I'm thinking about the guys like Rich Piano and guys like that. Obviously, steroid users and these are the guys with arguably some of the biggest channels and the biggest followings in this industry. And of course also being a guy that follows the I.B.B. I mean we are fans of these guys, we're fans of the J-Cutlers, we're fans of the big rommies, we're fans of the fillings, we are fans of watching these big entertaining physique that seem larger than life. So if anyone would feel pressure to take steroids, it would be a guy like me that comments on this topic, comments on this industry. I mean it's a fan of this industry. And I'm sure there's plenty of people that look at me and say hey I mean this guy doesn't look anything like these I.B.B. pros. He clearly doesn't take steroids. He clearly doesn't compete at that level. Why is he a fan of this or why is he commenting on this? And I think the majority of bodybuilding fans and that's all I want to make this video is a majority of fans of bodybuilding. I would say probably 99% are natural guys. They're younger guys and their teens and 20s in college and high school. They see the magazines, they see Instagram, they see YouTube and they become fans of the sport because like I said when you first start training you're putting on all this muscle and you become you know curious. You want to see what you can look like. You want to look at these crazy larger than life physique and be a fan of these physique. So like I said I feel a responsibility to talk about this especially for the younger guys because I think the biggest fan base of bodybuilding and I've seen this in my comment section. I've seen this on my Instagram. I'd say 99% of the commentators were a very high percentage of very high majority. Are a younger guys, college guys, high school guys, natural guys. Guys that probably have no intention of ever competing at the level of an IPB pro or even a national level NPC show but they're fans of it because entertaining you like to see the boundary of human development being pushed but that doesn't necessarily mean you want to push at yourself. So I want to to address that point in this video as well just because you're a fan of pro bodybuilding. Doesn't mean you have to be pro steroids. It doesn't mean you have to take steroids. It doesn't have to mean that you aspire to be a pro bodybuilder. I mean I'm a fan of the NFL and I've never had any aspirations of being an NFL player or any dreams of being an NFL player like wise with the MLB or hockey. You can enjoy to watch those things without having any aspirations of being involved in it or being that kind of athlete. There's something that's entertaining to a lot of people that are within this realm of I like to go to the gym but I don't necessarily want to take steroids. I don't necessarily want to push my body to that limit. Don't want to talk about it man. I personally I felt a lot of pressure to take steroids over the years especially when you kind of hit that slump so I kind of said in the beginning of this video that there's stages to your weightlifting experience to your natural bodybuilding journey. Even if you're not natural you're still going to experience some of these stages. Again you're going to have that beginner gain stage where you just think you're on top of the world you're putting on this crazy amount of muscle. You're obsessed with going to the gym because you're obsessed with these changes that you're saying to your body. I mean you're very confident. You're very confident because you've done this. You've built your body. That's bodybuilding. And for the first couple of years you're building your body to a very good degree without any kind of you probably don't even need to take supplements when you're first starting out because if you're eating right and you're training hard and you had it been training before you're going to make a significant amount of gains just starting out without any supplements or anything else with you guys. But then there comes a point where you start to see those gains taper off. And the first couple of years you're getting 15 or 20 pounds starts to slow down. Five pounds. Maybe a couple pounds. Then you try to push it to the limit and you say, okay, I'm just going to bulk like crazy. And you really just get fat, especially if you're natural. I mean you don't really see the muscle gains that you used to see when you were younger or when you were first starting out. So you start to get fat. You start to try to put on muscle you cut down and you realize I don't really put on that much muscle. I just got fat. So then you're starting to think, man, you know, I'm training. I've been training hard. I've been training long. I've been training for years. And I'm not really seeing much if any change to my physique at this point again, especially for natural guys. So you start to question. I mean, is the steroid route that I should go? Should I do something to take my physique to the next level? And I think that is the question that a lot of you guys are asking. And as a question that I get all the time, should I take steroids? Do I have what it takes to be an IPB pro bodybuilder? This is my physique naturally. What do you think? Do you think I would look steroids? I could take the next level. Take that question all the time. So in this video, I kind of wanted to answer that in a general sense. I think if you're natural and you're even questioning whether or not to take steroids. If it's in the back of your mind that you shouldn't or there's any doubt in your mind that you don't want to take steroids, I think you should not take steroids. You guys think the people that become IPB pro bodybuilders, the people that make it to the Mr. Olympia, the people that compete at the top level, there's no doubt in their minds what they're going to do what it takes to get to that level. So if you have any doubt, I think you know deep down that's not the route that you want to take and that's not the route you want to go, but you're feeling pressure to go that route. So you're asking people like me, should I go that route? So if you're asking, I think you probably shouldn't take that route. And it's really a matter of what's the risk to benefit ratio on doing this. If you take steroids, what is it you're really going to achieve from doing it? Is it going to be a financial gain? Is it going to be a confidence gain? Is it going to be, I'm going to get more followers on social media? I mean, what is the main benefit? You need to ask yourself from doing this. Are you just doing it for yourself? Are you doing it to impress other people? And I think if you're doing it to impress others, it's really something that you should probably not do. I mean, if you're really doing it because you feel there's an expectation, externally for you to do it, you probably shouldn't do it. If you're not doing it for yourself, I certainly feel you should not take steroids. And you've got to think about the risk, man. I mean, Louis Marko has been doing a great job in his recent videos. He's been doing a series where he talks about the truth of the fitness industry. He's been saying in those videos, you have these guys that made the decision to take steroids at a very young age. A lot of these guys can never go back to being natural because they've shut down their natural hormone production and they have to stay on these hormones for the rest of their life. And that's a very good point. You've got to think about life after bodybuilding. I mean, even if you made it to a national level in PC show, even if you made it to the IFB, you've got to think about your life after bodybuilding. Is that a commitment that you're willing to make to put those hormones in your body for the rest of your life? Because you've now done so much damage to your system that it can't maintain homeostasis on its own. So that's really something we all need to think about as what's the risk to reward from a health standpoint, from a commitment standpoint. And what's going to look like for the rest of your life after bodybuilding because bodybuilding is a very temporary state, especially if you're doing it as a career, the pro bodybuilders. I mean, what do they have about a decade of being on top, if they're on top and after a decade they start to taper off. Some guys even a much shorter pro career than that. So you got to think about that, man. While I am a big fan of pro bodybuilding, I like to see these guys push the limit because they're passionate about. They've made that decision that they're going to do whatever it takes. That doesn't necessarily mean it's for you or me to make that same decision. But we can still enjoy watching the process of them achieve their goals, of them push their physique, of them show us what a human physique can look like if you take it to the extreme. But I thought it was really important for me to make that point that even though I'm a fan of this, it's not something I would ever choose for myself. I think to health risk certainly outweighs any benefit for me because if I ever took steroids, I wouldn't be doing it for myself because I know deep down steroids isn't something that I ever want to do. It's not something I want to put my body through. And if I did it, it would be to impress you guys. It would be to impress people on the internet. It would be to, you know, give more attention for myself, give more followers based on my physique. I think that's just a very vain and selfish pursuit. I mean, you really got to think about yourself first before you think about what others think about how you look. Personally, I chose a natural route because, hey, I want to be healthy. I want to have a, you know, I want to have a good physique for myself. It builds my confidence. It's something I enjoy doing. I do it because I enjoy working out. I do it because I enjoy watching the changes that I make to my body. I don't do it necessarily because, hey, you know, these people are going to think I've got big arms. I'm doing it because I really like the workout and I really like to be healthy and I really enjoy the process. It's a really fun thing to do for me. And again, that raises the question, if you decide to take steroids, are you doing it because you enjoy the process or are you doing it because you want to impress others? So I just wanted to make this video because I know a lot of you younger guys out there right now are probably feeling a lot of pressure to take steroids. And a lot of older guys on my channel will tell you, I see them commented all the time as well. You know, I'm 55 years old. I'm 65 years old and I've been natural in my entire life and they always say in the comments section, I want these younger guys to see my comment because I've been doing this for 30, 40 years training and enjoying the process and I haven't put my health in jeopardy during that entire period of time. So I just wanted to speak to all of you younger guys that are watching this right now that are feeling any type of pressure to be bigger, to take steroids, to do something that, you know, deep down you're probably not comfortable with and you're kind of wrestling with your conscious on whether or not you should do it. My opinion from Nick Strengthen Power, from a bodybuilding YouTuber, my opinion for you guys would be not to do it. My opinion for you guys would be to value your health, value your longevity and not necessarily pursue a career as a pro bodybuilder. We can all enjoy pro bodybuilding together. We can all follow it together. We can all watch it. We can all, you know, be entertained by it. But you should not have to feel pressure to be one of those guys just because you're a fan of those guys. And I know on the internet there's a lot of trolls. There's a lot of people that will talk shit. Especially if you're a natural guy. Guys on gear will be very quick to jump on your Instagram and say you look like shit. Why are you even involved in the sport? I think that's just a very shitty thing for them to do. Because being a fan of bodybuilding and being a natural bodybuilder are not too mutually exclusive things. You can be a natural bodybuilder and be a fan of pro bodybuilding. And I just wanted to stress that to you guys because even though I do enjoy watching it, even though I do talk about it, even though I do make videos about it, I don't endorse necessarily what they're doing. I encourage you guys to become pro bodybuilders. I don't encourage you guys to live that lifestyle. I encourage you guys to be natural. I think the message of Louis Marko has been putting out lately has really hit the nail on head. And I really agree 100% of some of the things he says in his videos. And I really want to stress to you guys. And it's very important even if you're feeling the pressure to not give into that pressure and to stay true to yourself. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. And I hope maybe I imparted some wisdom on you younger guys. I mean, I'm only 25 myself, but I've been there. I've had those thoughts myself. I've wrestled with it myself. And I made the decision that I'm never going to take steroids and put my health in jeopardy. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, I'm power signing out.

=== FILE: Silvio Samuel makes comeback at age 42 [GDfr0FHw_pk].txt ===

When High Ball decreases level, I wake up in the house Under your shoes The Lord is your mother ye Similarly Before Me You went into my place I was city How was it you? You were here Who ate on me How was it you? How was it you? You were here Who ate in these books How was it you? How was it you? You ate in these books How was it you? How was it you? You ate in these books How was it you? How was it you?

=== FILE: Size isn't Everything [6TZ3PET5plI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the Power. I wanted to do a video on an IFBB Pro Body Builder that many of you have probably already seen photos of, but most of you probably don't know his name or who he is. So this particular bodybuilder's name is Jerry Mintoola, but he is more commonly known as the Bull. Now I'm sure a lot of you guys that have seen photos of Jerry Mintoola have seen the photos of him on stage with a little bit of Palomboism. He had a pretty distant gut at this particular show. I believe it was the Nordic Pro. And a lot of people seem to include him in the conversation in their videos about Palomboism or post about Palomboism, but nobody really names him or talks about actually who he is. Now if you don't know who he is from the Palomboism pictures, you might know who he is from his comparison to Marvel's The Thing. There's many photos and videos of him working out where he gets like these Narlie forehead veins and forehead wrinkles. When he works out his head almost gets a pump really. And some of those photos have gone viral as well, but again nobody really talks about who this guy actually is. So Jerry Mintoola has actually been an IFBB Pro for quite some time now. Actually dating back to 2009 where he competed in his first IFBB Pro show, which was the 2009 New York Pro, where he did not place. He would follow that up with the 2009 IFBB Tampa Pro, where he would also not place a couple years later in 2011. He would compete in the IFBB Toronto Pro placing 14th. Then he would compete in the 2013 Nordic Pro where most of the quote-unquote bad photos of him would turn out. And unfortunately at that 2013 Nordic Pro he would place dead last or 13th place at that show. So he really hasn't competed that much as a pro and really hasn't competed that much recently and really when he does compete he places dead last or outside of the top 10. So that's probably why a lot of people haven't heard of him or know who he is. And most people probably just seen photos of the guy. Now another fascinating thing about Jerry Mintoola is the fact he is a finished body builder from Finland. And the person that actually trained him for those early shows was Marco Satellinan, one of the early finished body builders from the 1990s, arguably having the greatest biceps of all time. So Marco arguably Finland's best body builder ever trained this guy. And you can really see him in the background of some of these photos of him training here. So really the main reason I thought this would be an interesting topic for videos. I see a lot of people again as I mentioned before posting photos of this guy. I kind of really hating on the guy making videos about him regarding his polemboism and not really addressing who he is. But really for a pro body builder he's a pretty big body builder. 300 pounds in the offseason or 136 kilograms. His competition weight roughly 275 or 125 kilograms. Standing at a height of only 5 foot 11. So he's not that tall of a body builder. And I think this is a guy that realizes he does not have the greatest genetics in body building. This is a guy that realizes he has to work hard. Every training video that I've seen in this dude, he's killing it in the gym. He knows he doesn't have the best structure. He knows he doesn't have the best genetics. But he does have really a freaky physique in the gym. He's pretty vascular. He's pretty big. And he has actually become kind of a meme of a body builder. More so due to that extreme vascularity, more so than the whole polemboism thing. So he's really known for being kind of a freaky body builder than just being a non-esthetic body builder. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Maybe learn a little bit about a body builder that you've seen before, but didn't really know who he was. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power. Signing out.

=== FILE: Stallone still ripped and lifting heavy at age 71 [jdTd0DjzShQ].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm going to make a video about Sylvestre Stallone. In the fact that he is still body building and working out at the age of 71 years old. Yes, you heard that correctly. He is 71 as of the time that I'm making this videos. I've been seeing him post a lot more videos on his Instagram lately, working out. Doing actually pretty impressive workouts for a 71 year old, not just the fact that he looks good. He was doing weighted chin up with a hundred pound dumbbell strap to his waist. He even posted a video overhead pressing with one hand, a 100 pound dumbbell. Again, 71 years old. So not only does he still have an incredible physique for a 71 year old man, but he's obviously still very functionally fit. Posting all these videos and photos of his workout, whether it be cardio vascular workout, or just simply weightlifting. And I think a lot of people really associate him with kind of the Hollywood side of things. And not so much as being a fitness icon. I'm so honored to make this video to kind of clarify. I think he's kind of the embodiment of what a fitness icon is. This guy, you know, really his role in the Rocky movies and the Rambo movies was really blown up by the fact that he had an incredible physique in both of those movies, both those film franchises. I think his physique was really the main selling point of those movies. And while a lot of people still associate him with Hollywood more so than fitness, I think he really does have a place in the fitness industry and really embody building history in general. So some people may not know this, but some investors alone in Arnold Schwarzenegger are friends today. And I'm sure a lot of people probably assume that their connection was probably made in Hollywood. But actually some investors alone in Arnold Schwarzenegger trained together at Golds Gym Venice back in the golden era of bodybuilding. Not only that, but he also hired Franco Colombo to train him specifically for some of the Rocky and Rambo movies. The get his physique to the next level for some of those movies. A Franco Colombo for those of you who don't know is a two-time Mr. Olympia. Arnold Schwarzenegger being a seven-time Mr. Olympia for those of you not familiar with bodybuilding. And Golds Gym Venice is kind of the mecca of bodybuilding from the golden era. So when we're talking about bodybuilding history, Golds Gym and Venice, California is probably the most iconic of all the gyms, you know, throughout bodybuilding history. In addition to that, he was also a good friends with Joe Weater and he's also featured in many of Joe Weater's bodybuilding magazines as well, having some of his own spreads in those magazines. So I think that's the loan is a certified bodybuilding and fitness icon due to the fact that he was a part of a golden era of bodybuilding back in the 70s. Major movie star in the 70s and 80s primarily known for his physique. And here he is in 2018 at the age of 71. Still doing the same thing he was doing back then all those years ago. Having hard, training heavy and still maintaining an incredible physique. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about sliced alone, still killing at the age of 71. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Drankman Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Steve Kuclo 2018 Indy Pro Posing Routine [aaAlod1_JY0].txt ===

Crumb.

=== FILE: Steve Laureus Pulls Out of Olympia [EdcS3ngq0xk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power's Hot Skrolling through my Instagram messages today. I'm going to want to be guys actually had a pretty interesting message for me. So this guy sent me a screenshot of him commenting on Steve Lourius aka Mr. Proper, the classic physique competitors Instagram. And he asked him if he was doing the Olympia and Steve replied and said no. So I think this is actually an interesting development here because I think a lot of people were anticipating Steve Lourius as Olympia debut, a lot of people including the people over at RedCon, kind of toting him as being the next Mr. Olympia, a future Mr. Olympia in a game changer for the classic physique division. So it's kind of interesting to see him saying he's not doing the Olympia because even though I was critical of him after his New York pro appearance where he for some reason I'll never understand why but he did the 2012 division in New York and he looked less than impressive to say the least. But I think as a classic physique competitor from a structure standpoint, this guy absolutely does have the perfect structure for classic physique and he is certainly a guy in my mind that has the potential to be a top six guy easily at the Mr. Olympia if the conditioning is there, if he's not flat, but if he at 100% or even if he came in at 90 to 95%. This guy has everything it takes to be a top Olympia competitor in classic physique. I mean he's got the crazy size to his legs, the insanely, insanely small waist. And that leg size with that waist size alone. I mean that tremendously enhances his V-taper effect to have those broad shoulders, the wide lats going down into the small waist and then flaring back out with the big legs. I mean that is the ideal classic physique effect. I mean that's exactly what it's all about. It's number one we say this time and time again, but bodybuilding, classic physique, whatever. It's 99% the illusion that your body creates with the shape of each body part, the proportion of each body part and that relies heavily on having a small waist. And that small waist that ability to pull off the vacuum pose, and I think that's one of the biggest advantages that Steve Lourious has going into the classic physique division. So again, I was critical on him during the Pittsburgh Pro appearance. I felt like there was a lot of hype about Steve Lourious going into Pittsburgh. And I felt like he could have done a lot better than he did. So I still think he looked good. I still think he's a great classic physique competitor. I just expected better from him based on the pictures and videos that we had seen on social media. And it turns out that that is often the case. You see a guy looking incredible in social media pictures during their prep leading up to a show, then the show comes around. He's like, man, what happened to this guy? That's kind of how I felt with Steve Lourious. I just expected more. I think the bar was set much higher for him because of the way people had been presenting him on social media. So that's really all it was. And then him going to New York, and I said this after he went to New York, I think that set him back tremendously in terms of the momentum that he had after winning that Pittsburgh Pro. I think a lot of people, you know, even though he didn't look as best in Pittsburgh, I think a lot of people were still very impressed by him. He was seen by the IAPV judges for the first time ever. He was seen by the IAPV fans for the first time ever. I think he still left a very good impression on those fans with a shape in the structure of his physique. I mean, he impressed a lot of people. So I still think that win gave him tremendous momentum going into the Mr. Olympia. So I'm wondering if that appearance at the New York Pro, being as bad as it was, him looking as I hate to say it, but as bad as he did, I wonder if that discouraged him from competing in the Mr. Olympia. I wonder if he thought, you know, I did horrible. I don't really want to compete in a couple of months. The Olympia is only three months away now. I want to take more time off. I'm really improving upon my physique. So I'm wondering if that was the case that the New York Pro really set him back that much. And if he had not done the New York Pro, maybe he would still be doing the Mr. Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Steve Lourius deciding not to do the Mr. Olympia. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's ran the power. Signing out.

=== FILE: Steve Laureus Switching from Classic to 212？ [D9p0PEigLvM].txt ===

All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So the New York Pro is now less than two weeks away. And recently we had the controversial decision at the Pittsburgh Pro of Steve Lourius beating Divine Wilson. So it may have came off in my video that I'm not a fan of Steve Lourius in that past video. And that's not the case at all. I think Steve Lourius has tremendous potential in classic physique. He has one of the greatest structures arguably in that division. The crazy small ways, the crazy big legs, the crazy arms, the upper body, everything is there. I'd say really his only weak point is probably his back and his conditioning, his conditioning seemed to suffer, his posing kind of, he seemed a little bit nervous on stage. And here's a little bit flat. So I'd say the conditioning, the flatness, the back, and potentially the posing would be his weakest points. Now, as we know, he was planning on competing at the New York Pro, which, again, is in less than two weeks, but he recently announced with his trainer that instead of doing classic physique, he's going to make the jump over and do his first two 12 competition ever. Now my understanding was that at the Pittsburgh Pro, he weighed about 210 pounds on stage. Now as far as the two 12 division goes, Steve Lourius is a relatively tall body voter for that division. We got a lot of guys in that division that are like 5, 5 and under. And Steve Lourius is about 5, 10, 2, 10. So the question on everybody's mind is, can Steve Lourius be competitive as a 212 body voter and how will he place out the New York Pro doing the 212? And does he plan on doing 212 going forward? Because I think, honestly, I think this guy should definitely stand classic physique. I mean, he has a great structure, arguably the perfect structure for classic physique. If he brings that conditioning and brings up his back a little bit, this guy will be a top threat to the Olympia. There's no doubt about it, but the conditioning is key. So here's how I think it's going to play out, man. Steve Lourius, again, great physique, very aesthetic physique, very, you know, you could say beautiful physique. This guy looks amazing. But again, he looks amazing for classic physique. The judging criteria in 212 is definitely not who has the prettiest physique to look at. It's definitely not who has the smallest waste. What 212 has become is looking at shorter guys that put on the maximum amount of muscle possible on that shorter frame. They are looking for lots of muscle. They're looking for freaky, dense, striated condition to muscle and slabs of it on the shorter guys. Now being a taller guy, I think what's going to happen is he's going to look relatively skinny on stage because what happens is a lot of these 212 guys, man, they come down from, you know, the 220s, 230s, even some guys that come down from 240 in the offseason to make that 212 weight limit. And Steve Lourius being 210 at 510 is not a very big guy for the 212 division. He looks good for classic physique again. He looks great for classic physique. But the thing to remember is that the Pittsburgh pro is conditioning was off at 210. So it's not like he was 210 shredded to the bone. He could probably still lose another 5, not 10 pounds. But he could lose a significant, you know, number of pounds to get in that crazy lean crisp conditioning that are going to be looking for in the 212. So he might get on stage and still look very good next to these guys from an aesthetic standpoint, from a, you know, from a who has the prettiest physique standpoint. But again, that's not going to be what they're judging on. That's not going to be what they're looking for. So while he still might look great next to these guys from a fans perspective, from a judging perspective, I don't know that he's going to do that well, especially from the back. Like I said, these guys are packing on as much muscle as possible on their frames. So he might be able to get away with having a less dense back in classic physique. That's not going to be something he's going to get away with in the 212 division for sure. And again, a big question is going to be that conditioning now in the classic physique, they're wearing the classic physique posing trunks. So you can't really see, you know, the glutes, the upper thigh, the upper hamstring. So we don't really know how off his conditioning really was. He might have had no striations and his glutes at all. His glutes might not have even been in condition. And that's going to be something that we haven't really seen from him. That's going to be judged at this 212 competition. So his conditioning might be even more off once he's in regular body building posing trunks. But on the other hand, it might be really good. We don't know yet. So that's a big kind of wild carbo Steve Lourdes. That's how good his conditioning going to look not in classic physique. I think the standard for conditioning in classic physique is a little bit less than the standard for conditioning and body building. Maybe a lot less than the standard of conditioning and body building. Because if you really look back to the 70s, the classic physique's back then, they weren't the most, you know, shredded physique's Arnold had an amazing physique. But he wasn't this crazy shredded to the bone physique. So I'll be honest with you guys. I think it might potentially be a mistake for him to try to switch over to 212. He might not play his top 6. That's a real possibility that we need to be looking at. I think a lot of people might be thinking, oh, you know, this guy has potential to win. I think we might see a case where he doesn't even play his top 6 and it may be ruined some of the momentum that he has off a winning this Pittsburgh pro. He focused solely on classic physique instead of switching over to 212, especially the fact that it's going to be his first 212 show ever. He doesn't really, I don't know if he knows what he's getting into. But whatever the case may be, whatever the outcome may be, I'm still very excited to see what happens. I mean, again, this is good for the sport. This is good for classic physique. This is exciting. And that's why I made the controversy video about the Pittsburgh pro. It's not that I dislike Steve Lourius. On controversy, he's going to bring more attention to the sport and it's good to have situations like this where two guys are neck and neck. Two guys are upset about the playsings. There's a rivalry. There's a controversy. It generates interest in the division. I think that was a very good thing for classic physique. And I mean, look how many views that video got and look how many people were in the comment section discussing the results of a classic physique show that wasn't even the Olympia or the Arnold. So it was good for the sport for me to post that video. And I think it's also good for the sport to have a guy that's a top guy in classic physique. I mean, make no mistake about it. Steve Lourius is a top classic physique guy. No question. And for him to switch over to another division, again, that's going to bring a lot of interest to the sport. So I'm definitely going to be excited to watch what happens. It brings that wild card factor to the New York pro. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Steve Lourius decision to jump over to 212. Do you think he's going to do well? Or do you think it's a mistake? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: Steve Laureus Tries Competing in 212 Division [U6aYDoO7ySw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time Empower. So I finally got the HD pictures of Steve Llorious's Pro Day View in the 212 Body Building category. So I'd like to give a quick shout out to the Skydon Instagram at Cabir Bra. He's the one that actually got me these pictures and HD resolution so I really appreciate that. So these are the pictures of Steve and his 212 Division. Obviously he made the switch over from Classic physique to compete in 212 of the New York Pro. So my initial thoughts honestly it's pretty much exactly what I expected and honestly pretty much exactly what I predicted. Steve is a great classic body builder. This guy is built for Classic physique. 212 not so much and that really shows in the judging. The judges didn't even have him in the first three collouts which likely indicates that Steve will not even be in the top 10 of this show. So top six certainly not winning the show definitely not. Like I said before I think Steve's conditioning was a little bit off at the Pittsburgh Pro. And I think rather than trying to get smaller and cut down more to be more condition for the 212, it looks to me like Steve really tried to fill out even more to be bigger against these bigger guys in the 212 class. I think that was not the right move for him. You can tell he definitely carved up more. He definitely tried to fill out more and I think his conditioning definitely suffered as a result of that. Like I said man it's a thing where 212 is being judged much shorter guys and they're looking for a much higher degree of muscularity. They're looking for a lot of muscle packed on a short frame. A lot of these guys are 5, 5 and under in the 212 Division. Steve Lourius is 5, 10, about 210 pounds. You've got guys like Jose Raymond that get his heaviest, you know, 240 maybe even 250 in the offseason and cut down to the 212 Division at a height of like 5 foot 5. So this is definitely not the Division for Steve Lourius. It was exciting to see someone cross over. It was exciting to see Regan Grimes cross over into classic. I think that's a big exciting thing. Overall this weekend has been a great weekend and exciting weekend to be a bodybuilding fan. You had so many different things going on at the New York Pro. And that's why I've made so many videos that day because I wanted to give you guys coverage of everything that happened because there was so much cool stuff that happened. You had Regan Grimes crossing over into classic. You had Steve Lourius crossing over into 212. You had the great battle in men's open bodybuilding. You had Juan Morell, Justin Rodriguez. I mean Nathan Diaz said, you had lots of top guys, Lionel Bidecki, you had a team Williams. John Deloros said the list goes on and on. There were 26 men's open competitors. But overall I think it's good for Steve Lourius that I think this is a temporary thing. I think Steve said that. I think he knows that his trainer knows that the 212 is not the division for him. He knew that he just did this to kind of prevent his friend who is competing in classic from having his chances of qualifying for the Olympia be ruined by competing against Steve. So Steve wanted to jump in 212 temporarily. So I'm hoping that is 100% in the case. This is just the one time thing for Steve Lourius. I don't want to hate on the guy but honestly not a strong showing from Steve Lourius. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. How do you think Steve Lourius did in the 2012 division and how do you think he will place? My personal opinion he's going to be outside of the top 10 possibly not even place. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's second power signing out.

=== FILE: Supplement Companies using Fake Followers to Sell Products [Ol-nGpCTcXU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power's on this channel. We've talked about a lot of different things in the fitness industry from fake weights to Photoshop to fake biceps pumped up with oil. In this video, I want to talk about fake followers used by supplement companies in particular to influence people. The supplement companies appear to be larger than life with these massive followings on social media, specifically on Instagram. In the main company that I'm noticing here was one of the biggest companies in the supplement game in the fitness industry. You guys may remember a company by the name of Shredds, S-H-R-E-D-Z. Now back when Shredds was really at its peak, they were kind of infamous for signing athletes that weren't really actual athletes. They were mostly signing people that were other social media influencers or just guys with good physique or girls with good physique that simply just had a large following for really whatever reason. In a lot of those athletes ended up having a lot of controversies of their own regarding Photoshop or scamming people out of money. If these people had training programs, they were selling. Some of these guys got exposed for having an assistant right up these plans for their clients in the actual athlete themselves didn't have any involvement. Shredds already didn't have the best track record. But one of my followers actually pointed out to me on Instagram that Shredds has two million followers. But on their posts, they average one to 200 likes on each of their photos. Typically, almost everything that they pose, that's like 90% of it. I'd say 99% of it is going to be under a thousand likes and probably 75% of it is going to be under 500 likes and a lot of their recent stuff is going to be under 200 likes in some cases even under 100 likes. And again, they claim to have 2 million followers on Instagram, 2 million real followers they claim. So obviously something's not right with that. You've got 2 million followers and 200 people are liking your pictures on average. I've only got 20 something thousand followers and pretty much anything that I post averages 2 to 3 thousand likes. About a 10% or more engagement rate. So I actually went and did some research on the average Instagram engagement rates. So based on how many followers you have, what on average would be the number of people that should like one of your posts or view one of your posts. According to influence.co's engagement report as of April 2017, for an account with over 1 million followers, the typical engagement percentage is 1.5%. So if you do the math on that, the average engagement percentage for someone with 1 million followers would be 1.5%. If you have 1 million followers, that would be an average of 15,000 likes per post. Now keep in mind, shreds has 2 million followers. So technically, according to this percentage, an average account with 2 million followers should be getting about 30,000 likes per post, that's 1.5%. Now clearly, the photos posted on the shreds account are beneath the average, expected engagement rate for an account of that size. And not only are they just beneath that average, they don't come anywhere close to that average of 30,000. Again, it looks like in 90% of the cases, their photos don't even get a thousand likes on them. And then like I said, some of their recent posts even get less than 100 likes, so like 70 likes, 70 likes is less than 0.001% engagement. And it should be around 1.5% on average. They're not even close to that. So this video is just to serve as another reminder. There's a lot of things to watch out for in this fitness industry. There's a lot of people willing to do whatever it takes. Whatever fake thing they need to do, whether it's followers, weights, fake body parts, the photos shop, their pictures. They are willing to go to these extremes to sell their product or to get that extra follower. They're willing to do it. And shreds, unfortunately, is just one example of the many supplement companies that are probably buying fake followers to appear like they're a larger brand than they really are. And perhaps by appearing to have a larger following, it gives them the appearance of being a more reputable brand, a more popular brand. It's going to make people want to buy their product if they see oh, 2 million people are following the supplement company. They must have a pretty decent product. Do you or you more likely to buy a product from a supplement company that has 10,000 followers on social media or a company that has 2 million? I mean, it's basically just a marketing tactic. And it appears to me now, you can never know for sure, but it would appear to me, a large majority of shreds followers are probably either fake or just a large majority of them don't care about anything shreds has the post, which will also suggest that those followers are possibly purchased. This kind of bought accounts or accounts that don't really care about what shreds is posting. So, let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about supplement companies potentially having fake followers online. And please comment in the comment section below if you know of a company doing something similar to this. I'm going to call them out in the comment section below and maybe I'll check them out and do a video on them too. So, thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Sch餌 Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Tattoos in Bodybuilding？ [A-HoNkIqh0U].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So the topic of this video is going to be tattoos and bodybuilding and whether or not they are okay as in, do they hurt your placings? Can you be successful with tattoos and bodybuilding? Do tattoos have a place in bodybuilding. Now it's the direction things are headed right now. This generation, you got the 5% crew really popularizing the idea of being a freak and having tattoos all of your body and really associating tattoos with bodybuilding. And I would say right now in 2018 tattoos are probably more acceptable and more popular than they ever have been in the past. And as a result of that, you are seeing more and more competitors, especially in the amateur ranks, competing with tattoos and not just small tattoos but significant tattoos like covering their entire arms, maybe covering their entire chest, giant back tattoos for example. So I want to talk about my opinion in this video of whether or not tattoos and bodybuilding, are really that big of a deal and whether or not they're going to hurt your placings. So I think first of this example, you need to look at the best bodybuilders in the world. And that is past and present, Mr. Olympia winner. So feel Heath, Jay Cutler, Ronnie Coleman, Lee Haney, none of those Mr. Olympias ever had tattoos anywhere on their body. But if you look back to Dory and Yates Dory and Yates actually did have a couple tattoos, specifically on his forearms. So tattoos just having one or two small tattoos is not going to hurt you that bad in judging and the judges really don't care that much. Now again, Dory and had his tattoos maybe two decades ago now when he won those Olympias. So obviously it wasn't that big of a taboo thing, even though back in the 90s tattoos weren't nearly as acceptable. So it's not like the judges are going to see a single tattoo on your body and say, okay, we're going to hurt this guy's placing. So we do have one Mr. Olympia winner in Dory and Yates that did have tattoos. You can go back to 2006 and I think Lee Priest is a very good example of this back in 2006. Lee Priest won probably the biggest title of his career, the 2006 Iron Man pro. And back then he had a pretty significant amount of tattoos, not nearly as many as he had now, but covering a significant portion of his arms, specifically his shoulders, but he still was able to do very well in the IAPV and won some pro shows, even having those tattoos. And again, I think Lee Priest is a good example of this because when Lee Priest would make his comeback back in 2013 to win the Navumister Universe, Lee Priest was absolutely covered in tattoos. And this speaks to a point that I want to mention in this video as well is the pro-tank technology today. The tank that the body builders put on the spray tank, they have certain blends of these pro-tans that are meant to mask or cover tattoos. So really, the technology as far as tanning goes today, you can cover up or mask pretty much a majority of any tattoos that you're going to have if you have the proper tan. It's not going to be a big deal. But in 2013 when he won the Navumister Universe, you could clearly see it on stage completely covered in tattoos. I mean his midsection, his back, his arms, even someone as legs. And while granted the Navumister Universe isn't nearly as competitive as the Mr. Olympia where a high level IAPV show, it still proves the point that you can win a very high level show, a very prestigious show, a professional body building show, being covered in tattoos. So I think it's kind of a myth that simply having tattoos is going to hold you back significantly in body building. You do I think it's necessarily a good idea to get a bunch of tattoos. If your career is going to be a professional body builder, it's probably not going to be a good idea. It's probably not going to help you any. And if anything, it might hurt you more so than it definitely would help you. But again, there's plenty of current body builders that you can look at that have been successful significantly good sized tattoos. Dallas McCarver, for example, before he passed away, a second place finish at the Aron Classic in Columbus, Ohio, and an eighth place finish at the Mr. Olympia competition, having a giant tattoo across his back, arguably one of the biggest body parts covering a substantial portion of his back. And he also had a tattoo on his arms, clearly the judges saw straight past that and gave him second place at the Aron Classic, eighth place at the Olympia, a very high level placing for someone with a tattoo. So honestly, I think from a judging standpoint, it's not going to hurt you that bad. It might hurt you a little bit, but overall it's not going to prevent you from winning a show. It's not going to prevent you from placing highly. It may take away to some degree from your physique. But overall, it's not really going to hurt your placings that drastically. Now that being said, my personal opinion is, although they might not hurt your judging too much, if you're a pro body builder, I think it's probably not a good idea to cover your body and tattoos. I mean, I know that tattoos really come down to personal preference and how you see your own body and what you want your own body to look like. But if you are a professional body builder, it doesn't really matter so much what you think about your body. It comes down to what the judges think, what your fans think, you're making money off your body. Your body is now your most valuable asset. So if it were me, I wouldn't go covering my body and tattoos if our professional body builder because that's not necessarily what your fans want to see. It's not necessarily the most marketable thing. It's not necessarily the best thing for someone that's competing in a show. Now if you're not a professional body builder and you're not competing in body building, I say go for it. It gives many tattoos as you want. But if you are a professional body builder or you are a competitive body builder, even if you're just an amateur and you just absolutely have to get a tattoo, you want a tattoo, even more than anything else, my recommendation would be to go on the forearms. I think the forearms of the calves would probably be the two least impactful places that you could get a tattoo as far as judging goes, as far as overall perception goes. I mean when you start getting tattoos that cover your largest muscle groups, such as your chest, your shoulders, your back, covering your legs, or even the people that get these giant like midsection tattoos on the side of their midsection, I think those are the kind of tattoos that if your place can be hurt, those are the tattoos that are going to hurt your place. So overall, my opinion is I don't think tattoos in body building are that big of a deal. It might ruin the overall aesthetic of your physique, especially when you're off stage and you don't have that pro-tank on and the tattoos are very evident and very visible. I mean it might turn off some of your fans, so it really comes down to a question of, how much do you care about what your fans think versus what you want. And I think honestly in this day and age, you can make much more of a career on social media, just being one of these freaky body builders, again, the 5% crew being a perfect example, rich peon are probably one of the most well-known body builders on the face of the earth. Obviously, you can completely cover the tattoos and most of the guys that are also signed with 5% that have massive social media following. Again, part of their appeal of being this big freak is also being covered in tattoos. So I'm sure you can make much more money just being a social media body builder if you never want to compete, you can have all the tattoos you want. So that's my opinion guys. I want to make this video because I've seen several people comment down in the comments section below. I mean, the old school guys tend to shy away from tattoos, some of the older body building fans say, there's no place for tattoos and body building. And I see a lot of the younger guys replying in the comments section and saying, hey, man, it's a new generation, it's a new era, tattoos are cool, tattoos are acceptable, it shouldn't be a problem. So I want you guys to debate this in the comment section below. I like to post interesting topics that is going to initiate a really good discussion in the comment section. That's part of what I want this channel to be. As a place where you guys can talk about your body building ideas, kind of like the forums how they used to be on websites where you could just post on a forum and argue back and forth or comment back and forth and share ideas. The video is the topic, the comment section allows you an outlet to express what you think. So make sure you guys subscribe to the channel if you want to see more of this kind of content. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink the power signing out.

=== FILE: The Best Bodybuilding Pics Ever [A29O1aHrcVs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video about what I feel is the most interesting version of body building pictures. Now my personal opinion I think the best and most interesting body building photos are when the photos are taken from behind the stage. So when the bodybuilders actually posing towards the crowd But the photo is taken from the back. Now more recently in modern bodybuilding a lot of people will use these photos to show examples of the quote unquote bubblegutt and bodybuilding Because when the bodybuilder is posing from the back say hitting a back double bicep so the back double bicep is facing the crowd They're back as facing the crowd and the front of them is facing back stage. When a photo is taken from backstage Typically the side of the bodybuilder that is facing back stage is the more relaxed side of the bodybuilder Their facial expressions are different typically they'll relax their midsection a little bit as just an interesting angle to see bodybuilding from because typically as fans or spectators or people going to These actual shows and watching in the audience all we see is the side of the bodybuilder presented to the fans presented to the audience So I think some of the best photos in bodybuilding history are the photos that have been taken from backstage more candid photos I'm in just angles that you don't usually see so in particular Arnold Schwarzenegger. I think some of the best and most widely published photos of Arnold our pictures of Arnold taken from the perspective of backstage and not from the perspective of a crowd for example this classic photo of Arnold here kind of spreading his arms I mean how many times have we seen this photo used on like a motivational poster hanging up in a gym hanging up in someone's office I mean hell I had this photo hanging up in my dorm room when I was in college I mean it's one of the best bodybuilding pictures there is and again taken from that backstage perspective Now if you look you know back in time at the 1980 Mr Olympia arguably one of the most controversial Olympia's in history A lot of the most interesting photos to come out of that Olympia or actually the photos taken from the perspective of backstage now the reason for this was during that time There's a crew following Arnold around because it was Arnold's big comeback of Olympia at this time Arnold had already been to Hollywood So the film crews were kind of following his journey from Hollywood back to bodybuilding and they were filming a documentary about it Actually I believe there's a whole DVD about the 1980 Mr Olympia But because of that extra film crew and because of the publicity that Arnold brought to the 1980 Mr Olympia There's a lot of different perspectives and various different angles of the competition and in my opinion I think some of the best photos were taken from behind the stage and the photos the classic photos that you can see Of Arnold and Frank Zane I mean Frank Zane there's one photo in particular this photo right here Where his stomach is actually hanging out a little bit he's hitting a back double bicep pose Arnold is making him laugh As that kind of candid shot where you can see the relaxed version of the bodybuilder I'm in the expressions on their face when they're not facing the crowd Those are the photos that I find to be the most iconic the most interesting the most candid and I just really enjoy looking at him So I put together my collection of all my favorite pictures from the 1980 Mr Olympia And also some of my favorite pictures from other Olympias that Arnold was featured in because typically You know most of these behind the stage pictures were taken in Olympia as that Arnold was at But I'm gonna fast forward a little bit. I believe this was the 1997 Mr Olympia where you had Dorian Yates I'm going head to head with Sean Ray and also head to head with Nasser Elzombati So in these shots you can see all three of them in the comparison around comparing Dorian Nasser and Sean But they're taken from the back and obviously all three of these guys in particular Dorian Had very impressive back so in these shots you can see their backs while they're hitting a front double bicep So it's just the perspective that you don't usually get to see When a bodybuilder hits a front double bicep on stage at the Mr Olympia Typically the only photos you see of that front double bicep are from the front So it's interesting to see a bodybuilder with a crazy develop back What their back looks like when they're hitting a front double bicep because not the same position as when they're hitting a back Double bicep the back looks different. It's kind of more expanded It's not so much contracted like it is in the back double bicep and I think one of the coolest ones here is Dorian and Nasser both about to hit a rear last spread so again something you just never see is a rear last spread What it looks like from the front side of the body? I mean you can see this photo again in 1980 of Arnold and Frank Xane again a very interesting perspective of what a back last spread looks like from the front Very different from what a front last spread looks like So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I thought it was a good collection of photos that maybe a lot of you guys haven't seen before Just some cool photos that you know really aren't out there that much or publish as much Especially these 1997 Mr Olympia photos. I don't I haven't seen these published too often I haven't really seen anybody use these in videos or anything So I hope you guys enjoyed the video Please go ahead and subscribe with this channel if you want to see more bodybuilding content like that go ahead and give the video a thumbs up Thank you guys for watching Nick strength and power signing out

=== FILE: The Best Olympia Runner-Ups Ever [t3nEyzS2UkE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shion of Power. So I'm going to make a video about the best Mr. Olympia runner-up. So these are body builders that would consistently play second at the Mr. Olympia, but would never win a Mr. Olympia title of their own. So the first guy I have on this list is kind of an honorable mention because he only placed runner-up technically one time. And that was Mike Menser. So in 1979, Mike Menser had a perfect score at the Mr. Olympia. And he won the over 200 pound division at the Mr. Olympia. So in 1979 there was an over 200 and an under 200 and the winner of each category would battle it out to become the over all Mr. Olympia. So Mike Menser winning with a perfect score on the over 200 was beaten by Frank Zane, who won the under 200 division and did not have a perfect score. Arguably one of the most controversial decisions in body building that someone with a perfect score would be defeated by someone without a perfect score. And the fact that Mike Menser was not only scored perfectly, he was bigger than Frank Zane too and still lost the overall title. So this video is going to primarily be guys that had consistently placed second at the Mr. Olympia. But because of the fact that in 1979 Mike Menser won the over 200 and still lost and then in 1980 Mike Menser would controversially tie for fourth at the 1980 Mr. Olympia. And then retire from body building. I believe that had Mike Menser not retired after only competing in two Olympias. He probably would have gone on the play second or win some Mr. Olympia competitions in the future. So that's why I have Mike Menser as kind of an honorable mention in the beginning of this video. Now next on the list we have a body builder named Muhammad McCaway. So Muhammad McCaway plays second at the 1983 and 1984 Mr. Olympia. And he's one of the rare Mr. Olympia runner-ups that was runner up to two different Mr. Olympia winners. So in 1983 some mere beneath one the Olympia in Muhammad McCaway came in second and then in 1984 Lee Haney would win his first Mr. Olympia in Muhammad McCaway would come in second there. So this is something that we rarely ever see. I'm a somebody that comes in second two consecutive years to two different Mr. Olympia winners. I don't even know if that's ever been seen before. Now the interesting thing about Muhammad McCaway is that even though he never defeated Lee Haney during Lee Haney's Olympia reign, Muhammad McCaway defeated Lee Haney five times out of the eight times that he and Lee Haney went head to head. So not only was he placing second at the Mr. Olympia to Lee Haney, but this was a guy that he had beaten multiple times before. So there was a strong argument to be made that Muhammad McCaway could have beaten him at the Olympia. Just to add some perspective to this, imagine if Kai Green had defeated Phil Heath five times prior to the first time that he took second to fill Heath. That's essentially what Muhammad McCaway equates to. He was an incredible body builder on competing primarily in the 80s, but he would compete all the way up to 1999 where he would take 19th at the IFBB night of champions. And unfortunately he would obviously never win a Mr. Olympia title. Now next on the list we have the Dragon Slayer, Rich Gospari. So Rich Gospari plays second to Lee Haney in 1986, 1987 and 1988 at the Mr. Olympia competition. And also you know honorable mention in 1989 he plays fourth and in 1985 he plays third. So he was consistently within the top six and a three time second place runner up to Lee Haney. And the interesting thing about this is he was actually the training partner of Lee Haney as well. So I added an interesting dynamic to their rivalry at the Olympia. But unfortunately Rich Gospari would never win his own Mr. Olympia title. But he would in fact win the first ever inaugural Arnold Classic Championships, making him arguably one of the best body builders to not win a Mr. Olympia title. So next on the list we have the incredible Lee LaBrada. Now Lee LaBrada wasn't amazing body builder. His nickname was Mass with Class. He was a smaller body builder but he had a very impressive physique. And he was a two time runner up at the Mr. Olympia in both 1989 and 1990. Again, both of those years being the Lee Haney. So that's how dominantly Lee Haney was during his body building career. Is that three of the body builders on this list replacing second to Lee Haney during his Olympia reign and some of them multiple times. So not only did Lee LaBrada play second at the Mr. Olympia two times in 1989 and 1990 he was also a seven time top four finisher at the Mr. Olympia and not only did he do it seven times he did it seven years in a row. So Lee LaBrada will compete primarily in the 80s but he will compete all the way up until 1995 where he placed fifth at the Arnold Classic in two years prior in 1993 he placed fourth at the Olympia and unfortunately he would never win a Mr. Olympia title. So next on this list we have the iconic flex wheeler. Now flex wheeler might be one of the best body builders on this list because of that not only did he play second at the Mr. Olympia three times in 1993 1998 and 1999 but he also won the Arnold Classic four times and at that point in time that was the record for Arnold Classic wins. He's also another body builder that plays second to two different Mr. Olympia during his career in 1993 taking second to Dorian Yates in in 1998 and 99 taking second to the legendary Ronnie Coleman. Now recently in 2017 flex wheeler made his comeback to the Mr. Olympia stage to compete in Classic physique where he placed fifth teeth and unfortunately during the course of his career he would never win a Mr. Olympia title but he's arguably one of the greatest to compete at the Olympia and never win. So next on the list I wanted to throw in one more honorable mention who placed second at the Mr. Olympia in 1997 and that is Nashville some body. The reason I wanted to add him to this list is because 1997 of one of the most controversial Olympia decisions in history where they significantly off Dorian Yates who had multiple injuries. His arms didn't look good. His gut was blown out his conditioning was bad and in a lot of people's minds Nasser Elson Body was the clearly superior body builder in 1997 but that would be the only time that Nasser Elson Body placed second at the Olympia but I still think he deserved this spot on this list. So next on the list I wanted to add Sean Ray so Sean Ray is a two-time Mr. Olympia runner-up and he placed within the top five at the Olympia for 12 consecutive years. So regardless of what you think about Sean Ray as a person, Sean Ray is one of the most impressive body builders in the history of the Mr. Olympia to never win the Mr. Olympia title period. Top five for 12 consecutive years is an incredible feat from 1990 to 2001. In another interesting thing about Sean Ray is that during his body building career he beat every single competitor he met on stage at least one with the exception of Lee Haney and Dorian Yates. So Sean Ray is one of the most accomplished body builders on the Olympia stage without a sandout title. So Sean Ray would place second in 1994 and 1996, both of those years to Dorian Yates and incredible feat for a body builder that was at least 50 pounds smaller than Dorian Yates which made his second place finished even more impressive. And make some one of my favorite body builders on this list. So next on the list we have the incredible Kevin Lebroni who would come in second at the Olympia for four years in 1992, 1995, 2000 and 2002. So in 92 and 95 Lebroni took second to Dorian Yates and in 2002 he took second to the legendary Ronnie Coleman. Now at the time Kevin Lebroni had held the record for winning the most pro shows at 23 which was later beaten by Ronnie Coleman and Kevin Lebroni obviously is well known for making his 2016 Mr Olympia comeback at the age of 51 and more recently in 2018 he made his comeback to the Arnold Classic Australia placing 13th out of 14th. But having competed in over 68 IFBB professional competitions during the course of his career in placing second at four Olympias. Kevin Lebroni is one of the most impressive names on this list and arguably one of the best body builders of all time. So I think you guys know who the final body builder on this list is going to be and that is Kai Green placing second to Phil Heath in 2012, 2013 and 2014 at the Mr Olympia making him a three time Mr Olympia runner up and he's also a three time Arnold Classic champion, 2009, 2010 and 2016 and arguably of all the body builders on this list he is probably the most famous body builder for coming in second place due to his rivalry with Phil Heath and arguably on this list he is probably the biggest name in terms of being an uncrowned Mr Olympia he has the biggest fan base saying that he should have won a Mr Olympia at least one point in his career and I'm definitely inclined to agree that Kai Green is probably one of the most impressive body builders to not have a Mr Olympia title under their name. I mean just the sheer freak factor of his physique just the real you know iconic factor of Kai Green as a body builder. I mean this guy is one of the most iconic body builders in history in terms of his posing and in terms of his conditioning in terms of his muscle bellies and his crazy physique and for him to not have a sandout trophy it just doesn't really seem right. Now Kai Green has still not yet officially retired from professional bodybuilding so it still is a question of whether or not he might still get a sandout it's still you know it's a possibility because he has not retired but we have not seen him on the Olympia stage since so in all likelihood we will probably not see him on the Olympia stage again but Kai Green and my opinion one of the greatest runners up at the Olympia ever. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next rank from power signing out.

=== FILE: The Best Poser in Classic Physique？ [4vDsGkOryoY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shonda Power. So in this video I want to talk about a classic physique competitor by the name of Terrence Ruffin, more commonly known on social media by his Instagram name, Ruff Diesel. Now recently Terrence Ruffin has been making quite a name for himself in the classic physique division. In particular, this past year is Olympia in 2017, he plays top six, placing sixth in 2017 and in 2016, placing ninth. But in addition to that, more recently he won the Toronto Pro qualifying him again for 2018's Mr. Olympia in the classic physique division. But the standout thing about Terrence Ruffin was not only the fact that he won the Toronto Pro, but in particular it was his posing routine at the 2018 Toronto Pro. I'm a lot of people were very impressed with the posing of Terrence Ruffin and Toronto. Myself included, I mean I love the direction that classic physique is headed. I mean this is a perfect example of classic physique bringing back that good classical posing that a lot of people feel men's open body building today is lacking. I think Terrence Ruffin's posing routine at the Toronto Pro is a perfect example of that fact. Terrence Ruffin is a guy, he's got a very good physique, a very good fit for classic physique. But I wouldn't say he has the best classic physique and I wouldn't necessarily say he's a threat to necessarily win the classic physique Olympia. But the impressive thing about him is with that posing, he makes his physique look even better. He highlights his strong points, he's able to hide his weaker points, he's able to win shows, in my opinion, through that incredible posing. And I think that's what classic body building is really all about. I mean back in the day you had guys like Frank Zane, you had Mike Mensers, you had guys like Ed Corny and even slightly more recent guys like Leila Brada, that had incredible posing, maybe not the greatest physique on stage, but their posing made them stand out competitors. I think Terrence Ruffin is the modern example of that in the classic physique division. Now I think although Terrence's upper body could certainly use some improvements to make him a top threat to the Mr. Olympia title, however I think his strongest point would certainly be his legs. I mean this guy has incredible size to his legs, incredible detail and separation in the quads and hamstrings, and he's got calves as well. And I think another cool thing about Terrence Ruffin's posing is the fact that he embodies a lot of Leila Brada's poses and I mentioned Leila Brada earlier for that reason. I think Terrence Ruffin hits a lot of poses that Leila Brada was mostly known for and he pulls them off very, very well. So I'm very impressed with Terrence Ruffin and I'm always excited to see someone bringing another level of competition to the Olympia because it makes the Olympia that much more interesting. I think classic physique as a division right now. You've got guys coming out of the woodwork that are crazy, crazy classic physique. Guys like Wesley Visters, guys like Regan Grimes jumping in classic physique, guys like Chris Bumsted, all of these guys look fantastic and you can make an argument for all of these guys being the embodiment of classic physique. And I think the other interesting thing about classic physique is the fact that because it's such a new division, I think the Olympia winner is going to change a lot as the judges really nail down what kind of physique they're looking for, what the standards are and who's going to set those standards by winning the Mr. Olympia. So I think the next five years or so in classic physique are going to be an interesting couple of years, unlike men's open bodybuilding, we have the same guy winning over and over again. I think we're going to have a lot of different champions in classic physique. I mean, it's only been around for two years at the Olympia and we've already had two different champions and honestly in 2018, I think classic physique is posed to have a new Mr. Olympia. Not to say Breon Ainsley isn't a great champion, but I think there's so many guys coming up, nipping at his heels. I think he certainly has his hands full at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Terrence Reuffins' pose and routine at the Toronto Pro Super Show. Thank you guys for watching the video. I hope you enjoyed it. And please give this video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time you can power, signing out.

=== FILE: The Best Triceps of the Golden Era [83nmlFK3KGQ].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shondon Powers and this video I want to talk about a bodybuilder from the golden era of bodybuilding who arguably had some of the greatest triceps in the history of bodybuilding. Many people refer to him as the Roli Winkler of the 80s. This is a bodybuilder named Leighbore Menarek. So Leighbore Menarek was a check bodybuilder who competed from 1976 to 1989. Now despite the massive size of his triceps and his arms in general this guy actually wasn't that massive of a bodybuilder this guy weighed about 90 kilograms in competition condition which equates to about 198 pounds. So conceivably had this guy been competing today he probably would have been a 12 competitor. Now Leighbore is arguably one of the most famous bodybuilders to come out of the check Republic aside from Pavled Jabloniki who I also made a video about about a year ago. The number of check bodybuilders have actually been very successful. I was very limited to numbers so Leighbore is actually a pretty famous guy in the check where he comes from. But I'm sure many of you guys even hard core bodybuilding fans probably have not heard of Leighbore and that is probably due to the fact that he didn't compete in any of the major shows here in the states he never did the Olympia he never did the Arnold classic he never did the night of champions. Any of the main shows that we've heard of he hasn't done. Now that is something that is contrary to his fellow Czechoslovakian bodybuilder Pavled Jabloniki who is arguably one of the most well known Czech bodybuilders of all time because he was a perennial competitor in the Olympia the night of champions all the grand pre-he's the Arnold classic Pavled you know competed in everything whereas a guy like Leighbore Leighbore stayed primarily over in Europe and didn't really come out of his shell and compete over here in the states but despite that fact he did have one of the most impressive physiques in terms of his arm development to come out of that era. So as far as I know Leighbore was also never an IFBB pro so he did actually compete in the 1987 IFBB Mystery Universe also known as the World Amateur Bodybuilding Championships so even though this was an IFBB show the guys competing there were not yet pro bodybuilders so in that show he took second in the light heavyweight division to his fellow Czech bodybuilder Pavled Jabloniki so some of the videos that you might be able to find of Leighbore on YouTube are probably going to be from that 1987 World Amateur Championships also known as the Mystery Universe. Now Leighbore got started bodybuilding back in the golden era his first competition would be in 1976 but he wouldn't really hit his stride as a body builder until 1980 where he would win his first of seven championships of the Czechoslovakic socialist republic so from 1980 to 1989 would be his reign as the champion of the CSSR he would start winning in 1980 he would win again in 81 82 83 84 85 then he would go to the IFBB World Amateur Championships in 86 and 87 and then he would go back to competing in the CSSR in 1989. So again this guy is definitely a forgotten bodybuilder in that you know in that regard because he wasn't really active in the United States and none of us have really heard of him but I want to the main focus of this video to be his insane tricep development because I really do think it's a shame that not a lot of people know who he is because you have guys like Arnold that's known for his chest he's known for his you know biceps you've got guys like Tom Plats from the golden era known for having insane legs but you don't really know of a guy from the golden era that was known for having the standout insane triceps like Leighbore had and I think Leighbore as a guy that belongs in that category similar to a Tom Plats with legs or similar to an Arnold Schwarzenegger with his biceps I think Leighbore was really way ahead of his time during that era with his tricep development he should have you know got a lot more recognition than he did for being so overachieving in the area of his triceps and like I said that's why a lot of people refer to him as you know the really winkler of the golden era because really no one had triceps like that and like really winkler today nobody has triceps like really winkler nobody has arms like really winkler and back then it was the same thing nobody had triceps like Leighbore Menare. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it or learn something thank you guys for watching Nick Strengthen Power signing out.

=== FILE: The Bodybuilder Vince McMahon thought could bring down the IFBB [9oFvVScWNM0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon of Power. So I thought an interesting topic for you guys would be Vince McMahon's best body builder. Now as many of you guys know, back in the early 90s, Vince McMahon started a body-building federation known as the WBF or World Body-building Federation. I'm going to make several videos on this topic, but I wanted to talk specifically about the body builder that won both years of this competition. So there are only two years of the WBF World Championships, 1991 and 1992, and a body builder by the name of Gary Stridem won both of those competitions. Now the interesting thing about what Vince McMahon did with these body builders and specifically what he did with Gary Stridem was he specifically set out to make these guys into stars and to pay these guys like they were celebrities. So Gary Stridem in particular was making a salary of $400,000 a year, roughly $400,000 a year for a three-year contract. So over a million dollars to be a part of this WBF organization. So to give you guys a little frame of reference, the first place prize at the Mr. Olympia in 1991, which Lee Haney won was $100,000. So that year Gary Stridem who won Vince McMahon's competition, he got four times that amount for winning Vince McMahon's competition and in fact the total prize money for all the body builders competing in the 1991 Mr. Olympia that is first through 10th place. The total was only $250,000. So Gary Stridem was making almost twice what the entire lineup of the top 10 at the Olympia was making in 1991. So Vince McMahon set out with the clear goal of becoming a rival of the IFB and a rival of Joe Weater and he had picked Gary Stridem to be the spearhead of his operation to be, you know, the face of the WBF. Similar to what Joe Weater did back in the day with Arnold Schwarzenegger when Joe Weater came with the scene with the IFBB. He had to compete with Navba, he had to compete with the AAU and he needed a guy WB his main character, his main draw, his main attraction and that guy became Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vince McMahon tried to replicate this with a guy by the name of Gary Stridem. Vince McMahon had his own magazine line, started out as body building lifestyles magazine and it would become WBF magazine and Gary Stridem was on most of the covers of those magazines. Gary Stridem got most of the publicity coming out of the WBF. So let's talk a little bit more about Gary Stridem specifically. So Gary Stridem was actually a pretty tall body builder standing six foot two and wing roughly 280 to 290 pounds on stage. So he was very similar to Arnold in that regard being a very tall body builder. At the time he kind of had that movie star good look quality to him like Arnold had back in the day and this is just the guy where it's easy to see why Vince McMahon would go with a guy like this to be the face of his operation because this guy, you know, he pretty much had it all. I'm in prior to coming into the WBF. Gary Stridem was actually a very impressive body builder in the IFBB. Here's a winner of one of the biggest shows in body building being the Knight of Champions. I mean, he won the Knight of Champions back in 1987. So bear in mind at this time back in 1987 there was no Arnold classic yet. So essentially there was the Mr. Olympia and there was the Knight of Champions and those were basically the two biggest shows in the late 80s before the Arnold classic would come along in 1989. So Gary Stridem would win that second biggest show in body building and that was his pro debut. He had just turned pro by winning the NPC Nationals in 1986. He would come right out of the gate in the win the 1987 Knight of Champions. Now in 1988 his first Olympia appearance ever he would place top five. Now he would go on to win and place very highly at many grand pre-s throughout 1989 all the way up until about 1990. And I think what really surprises a lot of people is after placing the fifth at his first Olympia ever we would not see Gary Stridem back on the Olympia stage. After placing first at the Knight of Champions we would not see him back on the Knight of Champions stage until almost 10 years later in 1996 where he would barely place placing 12th of that show. Now there's really always been a big question of why did he never compete in the Olympia again? Why did he not continue with his IFBB pro career? Why did he not pursue this further? Because this guy really did have an incredible physique. Primarily from the front though his biggest weakness many people would say is lacking density in his back. But from the front he was arguably one of the most complete biggest and freaky his body builders of the 90s period next to a guy like Dorian Yates. I mean some people have even gone as far to say that you know if Gary Stridem had a better back he got a multiple time Mr. Olympia he could have beaten Lehani he could have beaten Dorian Yates. And I'm inclined to believe some of that could actually be true if Gary Stridem had a better back he would have been one of the biggest and most complete body builders that the 90s had ever seen again at 6 foot to nearly 300 pound body builder just a massive frame massive structure density hardness his conditioning was usually very good. I mean this guy really did have it all. So unfortunately history will go to show that the WBF was unsuccessful and it failed after its second competition in 1992. Those WBF World Championships would be the last championships ever held and he really wouldn't hear from Gary Stridem again until 1996. Where he would come back to the IFB do that night of championship and have a pretty bad placing and then another 10 years later he would make a comeback at the age of 47 in 2006 to compete in the Colorado Pro where he placed 7th. Gary Stridem is still alive today at the age of 58 I believe he's currently focusing on personal training. He still looks pretty good honestly at the age of 58. But the fact of the matter was back in the 90s this guy was Vince McMahon's pretty much his secret weapon this was kind of his ace in the hole and this was the guy that Vince McMahon had in mind would take down the IFBB. He thought this would be the future biggest star in body building he invested a ton of money in this guy. There was a lot of controversy going on in the early 90s some of the other body builders said the Gary Stridem wasn't drug tested or he was allowed to pass the drug tests. The WBF did give the gave drug tests in 1992 and a lot of the body builders were saying that Gary Stridem wasn't made to take that test. It was rigged and favored of Gary Stridem because he was Vince's favorite. So stuff like that pretty much all the same stuff that they would say about the relationship of Arnold and Joe Weater back in the day was the relationship between Vince McMahon and Gary Stridem. So Gary Stridem was Vince's vision of the second coming of Arnold Schwarzenegger. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it next time of a power signing out.

=== FILE: The Bodybuilder that won the FIRST Mr. Universe and FIRST Mr. America titles [pwrQ31NRYRA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's strength and power. So today I want to make a video about one of the most iconic and arguably one of the most important classic body builders and body building history. I'm going to turn to his contribution to the initial title wins of winning the first ever Mr. America competition and also the first ever mystery universe competition. So first we have to go all the way back to 1940 where John Germek won his first Mr. America title. So back at that time there was a competition held the year prior in 1939, but it was not yet called the Mr. America. It was called America's best built man and it was not sanctioned by the AAU until 1940. So 1940 was the first year there was a sanction title of Mr. America. That is the title that you won and that began in 1940 with John Germek winning the first Mr. America title. And then of course in true IFBB fashion Joe and Ben Weiter would start their own IFBB Mr. America title in 1949. But when people talk about the Mr. America title just keep in mind that the AAU is the oldest and most respected Mr. America title there is. So the greatest Mr. America's in my opinion came out of the AAU. So now it's fast forward about eight years now. John Germek had one two Mr. America titles back to back in 1940 and 1941. Then when you fast forward to 1948, John Germek would win the first ever Mr. Universe competition. So back in 1948 there was no NAVA yet. NAVA was not an organization. There was no pro or amateur. There was just the Mr. Universe. So the very first Mr. Universe title ever won was won by John Germek in 1948 where he defeated the legendary Steve Reeves to win that title. Now in 1949 there was not a Mr. Universe competition held the following year because during this time the people that arranged this first Mr. Universe competition. In fact the person that arranged it was David Johnston who was the editor of Strength and Health magazine. What you can see right here with John Germek on the cover posing on kind of as Greek pillar. One of the most iconic covers of Strength and Health magazine in my opinion. This actual specific cover was the issue of the magazine that they were using to promote this Mr. Universe competition. So originally it was Strength and Health magazine putting on the Mr. Universe. Then they would skip the 1949 Mr. Universe because that's when NAVA was being formed. So you could say John Germek played a key role in the formation of NAVA by winning that first ever Mr. Universe and promoting that first ever Mr. Universe which would become one of the most prestigious and longest running titles in the history of body building the NAVA Mr. Universe title which would become more sought after in some cases than the Mr. Olympia title. So then in 1949 John Germek would go on to win the Mr. USA title making him a two-time Mr. America first Mr. Universe winner and Mr. USA winner. But if we rewind back to 1936 before his body building career he was also on the US Olympic weightlifting team and he's known for training and working at York Barbell the famous York Barbell. Which arguably changed the course of weightlifting history in America forever with that 1936 Olympic team that basically was trained out of York Barbell. Now just to give you guys some frame of reference for how strong he really was his body weight was between 215 and 225 pounds or 93 to 102.1 kilograms standing at a height of 5 foot 8 inches tall or 172.5 centimeters. Now at that height and weight his best bench press was 480 pounds his best deadlift was 600 pounds and his best squat was 700 pounds. Now keep in mind this was during the 1930s and 1940s it's not like it is today and you know a 600 pound deadlift was not an everyday thing this was not something you're seeing you know all the time on Instagram like you see today a 600 pound deadlift in the 30s and 40s was a very rare feat of strength. In the same could be said for a 5-plate bench press back then I mean that was just an insane feat of strength for someone during that era and John Germek was doing all of these things. One of the best body builders to come out of that era one of the pound for pounds strongest men to come out of that era. One of the most groundbreaking body builders to come out of that era winning two inaugural titles of two of the competitions that would become the longest running. And most prestigious titles ever this guy was you know the pioneer the trailblazer for both of those competitions. So as I mentioned in 1949 John Germek would go on to compete in the AAU Mr USA and when he competed in that competition he announced out because last body building competition ever. He would obviously win that show beating guys like Clarence Ross, George I for men and Steve Reeves for a second time. And Steve Reeves himself has even been quoted as saying John Germek is the best body builder that he has ever gone up against on the face of the world. So unfortunately back in 1998 John Germek passed away at the age of 88 years old and the interesting thing about this was pretty soon after his death he was actually inducted into the IFBB Hall of Fame. Despite the fact that he had never competed in an IFBB competition so I found that to be a little bit interesting. That the IFBB claimed him even though he was kind of the trailblazer for both organizations that were direct rivals to the IFBB really. So that is the story of John Germek guys one of the greatest body builders to come out of the 30s and 40s era of body building. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank and power signing out. Thank you.

=== FILE: The Evolution of Phil Heath [oZVNvB_9Rps].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time The Power. I'm going to make a video about the evolution of Phil Heath. From the beginning of his body but in career and even before that in his basketball career, all the way up until present day, his seven-time Mr. Olympia reign. Here in 2018 Phil Heath is going for his eighth Mr. Olympia win, which will tie him for the record of all time most Olympia wins with Ronnie Coleman and of course, Lehanie. Now Phil Heath has been a pretty polarizing Mr. Olympia winner. A lot of fans love him and a lot of fans dislike him. I'm in for that reason he's created a lot of controversy with some of his Olympia wins, including his most recent win in 2017. Where the major criticism, I'm levy to against him by fans and critics of the sport, was the bubble gut issue that he came in with the 2017 Olympia, which was a pretty disdented gut and still managing to pull off the win against Big Rami who took second. So despite his current standing with the fans and despite the fact he's a polarizing figure in bodybuilding, it cannot be denied that Phil Heath has some of the greatest genetics for the sport of bodybuilding and will go down in history as one of the greatest bodybuilders ever. Regardless of how some fans feel about the more recent Olympia wins of Phil Heath, it's pretty much undeniable that early on in Phil Heath's career. Maybe the first two or three Olympias. He was a very dominant champion and had an almost perfect physique. Prior to his interest in bodybuilding, Phil Heath actually had an interest in basketball, playing varsity basketball in high school then going on to play basketball for the University of Denver, but as he realized that wasn't going to pan out for him just due to his height and due to the skill that he had. He started to pursue bodybuilding in roughly 2003 and his rise to the pro ranks would be actually relatively quick. And Phil Heath's potential as a bodybuilder was very note worthy early on and who can forget the story of Phil Heath meeting Jay Cutler backstage. I want to fill Heath's early amateur shows and Jay Cutler said to him upon meeting him, this guy is going to win the Mr. Olympia someday. So Phil Heath's amateur bodybuilding career was spanned only a short two years from 2003 to 2005 where he would finally turn pro at the 2005 NPC USA Championships where he won the Heavyweight category and the overall. Phil Heath would make his pro debut in 2006 at the Colorado pro bodybuilding show and this would be an interesting foreshadowing of things to come because this would be the first time that Phil Heath and Kai Green would share a pro competitive bodybuilding stage. Phil Heath winning the show and Kai Green not doing nearly as well. Placing 13 places behind Phil Heath coming in at 14th place. So Phil Heath was very impressive right off the bat as a pro, winning his pro debut and he would go on to do a major pro show that same year in 2006 at the New York pro which is arguably the third biggest show in bodybuilding behind the Arnold Classic and the Mr. Olympia and Phil Heath would win that show as well. Again, beating Kai Green who did not even place at the 2006 New York pro. So really back then Phil Heath was extremely dominant. I don't think a lot of people really saw the rivalry coming which started around 2012 of Phil Heath vs. Kai Green for one and two at the Olympia because at this time Phil Heath was actually miles ahead of Kai Green despite the fact that Kai Green at the time was older than Phil Heath. So even as a young bodybuilder, Phil Heath showed tremendous promise for what would come in the future. Winning two major pro shows his rookie year as a pro bodybuilder, then if you fast forward just two years to 2008, he would win another major bodybuilding show which would be the Ironman pro taking second that same year at the 2008 Arnold Classic to Dexter Jackson. And that same year in 2008 as Mr. Olympia debut his first Mr. Olympia competition ever. He places top three behind Dexter Jackson and Jay Cutler. So talk about making a statement on the Mr. Olympia stage your first Olympia ever cracking the top three. That is a major accomplishment for any bodybuilder. And again, despite the fact that a lot of people dislike Phil Heath today, you cannot argue that Phil Heath is one of the best bodybuilders to ever do it. Now I do agree, his most recent Olympia win in 2017 was a controversial one, but I still think at the end of the day, Phil Heath did deserve that win. He could have looked better, his waist could have been smaller, his gut could have been more controlled. I agree with all those things, but still I think at the end of the day, Phil Heath deserved to come out on top of that Olympia. And we will see in 2018 if he will repeat, win that eighth title. Now I've said this before and I'll say it again. I think I've just as much reason as anybody to be biased or to dislike Phil Heath. He has me blocked on Instagram for whatever reason I have no idea. I've never really said anything negative about him that I don't think was true. I've mentioned the bubble gut thing before obviously, you know, it's something that we can't really deny. It was there. It was certainly an issue and it certainly was present at the 2017 Olympia. But on many occasions, I've praised Phil Heath and said he was a dominant, just really good Olympia champion. So no matter what you guys think about Phil Heath as a person, no matter what you think about his most recent Olympia appearance, no matter what you think about his personality, I think as a body builder and if you look back at his track record, he is one of the greatest IPB pro body builders of all time. Now Phil and Kai Green would go head to head again at the 2010 Arnold Classic and this would be the only time that Phil Heath would be beaten by Kai Green from this point forward. Now Kai Green would beat him at the 2010 Arnold Classic until he would take second and that's an interesting thing to note about Phil Heath's career is despite the fact that he's competed in the Arnold Classic several times. He has never won an Arnold Classic Ohio title. Now, I was actually at the 2010 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio and I remember watching Phil Heath and Kai Green go head to head and Phil Heath actually did look very impressive at that show and I think he really did push Kai Green and again, this was another foreshadowing of the Phil Heath and Kai Green legendary rivalry. I mean, it goes back to his pro debut going head to head with Kai Green. So that's why, like I said, I think this is one of the most legendary rivalries in body doing history all the way back in 2006 all the way up until now, 2018 people are still talking about the rivalry between Phil Heath and Kai Green. So I do have an interesting story from the 2010 Arnold Classic. I was actually backstage at that Arnold Classic and I was back there in the pump up room. So if you guys don't know what the pump up room is, it's essentially there's like an area back stage that got weights, they've got gym equipment that got bands that got mirrors for the bodybuilders that pump up and pose and just kind of get warmed up and get some blood in their muscles before they go head to stage. So backstage I saw Phil Heath and at the time I was a very big fan of Phil Heath, he was on all the magazines at the time. I don't want an Olympia yet, but he still was a very popular, very well known bodybuilder back in 2010. So I saw Phil Heath go to the other area backstage, it was like a little bathroom backstage. So I went in after him. I used the urinal next that he was taking a piss. I used the urinal next to him and as he was walking out of the bathroom, I said, can I get a picture with you? And I remember it being extremely awkward because he had his headphones in, he was kind of getting in the zone for the competition. And I was just a 15, 16 year old kid, you know, fan-boying over Phil Heath in the bathroom. So at the time I didn't realize how awkward that really was, but looking back on like man, what was I thinking? I mean, that's got to be the kind of weird for a bodybuilder. Probably one of the weirdest places a bodybuilder has been asked for a picture with a fan. So I'm sure Phil Heath probably remembers that incident he probably just doesn't know that it was me. But at same year in 2010, Kai Green wouldn't be so lucky against Phil Heath and Phil Heath would take second at the Olympia. Jake Kuller would win that Olympia. Then 2011, Phil Heath would win his first Olympia and the rest would be history, winning every Olympia since then up until 2017, making him be current Mr. Olympia champion and seven time, Mr. Olympia tying him with Arnold Schwarzenegger. So now here we are in 2018 and Phil Heath is going for his eighth title, possibly making him one of the greatest Mr. Olympia of all time and it's certainly making him a record-holding Mr. Olympia if he doesn't get that title again tying him with Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney. So my question for you guys upon ending this video is regardless of how you feel about Phil Heath as a person. What do you think his chances are of winning that eighth Mr. Olympia title? Let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The First Synthol User [K9MxWHEzcis].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shum and Power. So I'm going to make a video about the first body builder slash power lifter that we have a really saw as being a clear example of synth all use. So synth all as many of you guys already know is kind of a sight enhancement oil used to volume eyes or kind of pump up the muscle and also in theory stimulate muscle growth. And probably the most popular injection site for synth all is going to be the arms or the biceps. So synth all wasn't invented until the mid 90s by someone by the name of Chris Clark. And honestly I don't really think we saw it show up in mainstream body building until the late 90s. But I think one of the most clear examples of someone that was using synth all or some sort of sight enhancement oil was a strong man competitor by the name of manford Hobro who in 1994 had the largest arms in the world. His arms were measured at the 1994 Arnold Classic at 25.75 inches or 654 millimeters without a pump. So again this was right around the time that synth all was invented. If not a little bit before and certainly before it became popular amongst mainstream body builders. And there are even photos going back to 1991, 1992 where you can see photos of manford competing in strong man where his arms kind of have that distorted and warped appearance to them where there's a clear sign that something weird is going on such a sight enhancement oil. So the fascinating thing about manford Hobro is that even though these kind of a sight enhanced oil type of drugs are a very vain superficial drug that just enhances the appearance of the muscle, manford Hobro was actually extremely strong. In fact he was a runner up at the 1994 World Strongest Man, which was the same year he had the largest arms in the world. He is also a seven-time Austria-Strongest Man in a two-time Europe Strongest Man. And that same year in 1994 in addition to the world strongest man runner up he won another strong man competition which was called the strongest man on earth. Again the same year that he had those 25 and 3 quarters and charms. Now during the peak of his competitive career manford was 6 foot 3 and only around 300 pounds. Now I say only because strong man competitors are typically a lot heavier than that. But manford was always relatively lean and always had a pretty good physique. He was never really a big fat guy. He always had a pretty lean physique as far as strong man competitors go. Now I've actually seen some speculation that manford did not use synth on. The argument that he didn't was because he wasn't fact so strong and they go on to say why would someone that strong and have that much arm strength. Why would they need to use synth on which only enhances the look of the muscle. But in my opinion and I'm sure a lot of you guys would agree with me on this just looking at any photo of his arm you can tell that something is clearly not natural about the shape of the arm, about the look of the arm. And of course you got a factor in the overall size having the largest arms in the world as of 1994. So in my opinion there's definitely some sight and handsman oil going on in those arms. And again this is one of the first cases if not the first case that we ever saw of some clear sight enhancement oil in the arms. This was something that we hadn't really seen before going up to 1994. I mean think about the Mr. Olympia competitions leading up to that point. I mean Dorian Yates, yeah Lee Haney raining for eight years. I'm think about all the guys that went up against Dorian and Lee Haney. There was no one that was really a clear example of any type of sight enhancement use all throughout the 80s. And I would say even up until the late 90s there was a couple guys that started the looks as vicious in the later 90s early 2000s. But I would say as far as the body building scene is concerned this was something that was not seen at all up until 1994 until we saw manford horrible. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The German Giant that Defeated Ronnie Coleman [PY58uRKB9xA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's We're Next Time The Power. So in this video I want to talk about the German giant Guntur Schleer camp. So specifically, I want to talk about the 2002 show of strength competition. We're Guntur made bodybuilding history by defeating a reigning Mr. Olympia outside of the Olympia competition. So at the time Ronnie Coleman was a five-time Mr. Olympia champion in 2002. And back then, a Mr. Olympia had not been beaten outside of the Olympia competition since the time that Arnold beat Sergio Alive back in 1970 at the Mr. World Competition. So in 32 years, a Mr. Olympia had not been defeated outside of the Olympia competition. I mean, it had been all the way since Samir Benut was defeated for the Olympia title by Le Haney that a Mr. Olympia had lost in an Olympia competition. Because if you guys remember Le Haney you reigned for eight straight years and he was never defeated during his Olympia reign. He retired after eight. Then after Le Haney, you'd have the six-year reign of Dorian Yates. Again Dorian Yates was not defeated during his Olympia reign. He had retired after six. Then you would have Ronnie Coleman, Ronnie Coleman at the time would have a five-year reign. He would not be defeated during those five years. So we're talking about a time in body building history where being the Mr. Olympia essentially gave you kind of like a God status in these body building competitions. Mr. Olympia just simply wasn't beaten on the Olympia stage or off the Olympia stage, especially during a period where the reigning Mr. Olympia for a multiple-year span. Now back to the 2002 show of strength. So Guntar actually was a very impressive body builder standing six foot one and nearly 300 pounds on stage and 330 in the off season. So even though Ronnie Coleman was a mass monster himself, a guy with the size and frame and structure that Guntar had could stand next to Ronnie and still look very favorable. Now one of the things that makes this decision even more fascinating is that the 2002 Olympia was held just weeks prior to this 2002 show of strength competition. Now the note worthy thing about the 2002 Mr. Olympia competition is that many people felt Guntar deserved a much higher placing at the 2002 Olympia. Now he placed fifth in 2002 and the audience was not happy about that decision. Apparently they were booing and some people that were there said this is the loudest they had ever heard of body building audience boo at a body building show when they announced Guntar's Lear Camp in fifth place because he did actually look really good in 2002. I wouldn't say he deserved to win the 2002 Mr. Olympia but he did look amazing and I think fifth place was kind of an insult for the physique that he brought in 2002. Now he placed behind Ronnie Coleman that got first place Kevin Lebronny that got second Chris Kormirilla that got third Dexter Jackson in fourth and then he had Guntar in fifth place but he did beat some incredible body builders in 2002. He beat Leapree's who got sixth flex wheeler who got seventh Marcus rule who got eighth and Dennis James who got tenth and then amongst the people that placed outside of the top 10 yet guys like Craig Tietus, Nassuril, some body, Darum Charles, Bob Chiccarolo, George Ferra, Gustavo Badell. So you had some incredible body builders in that 2002 Olympia lineup. So the fact that Guntar placed top five out of about 25 competitors total says a lot about how good he looked at year and then I think the fact that just a couple weeks after the Olympia he would be the reigning defending Mr. Olympia Ronnie Coleman just really kind of fed the conspiracy theorist more reason to be pissed off about the fact that he placed fifth at the Olympia that year. So many people feel that 2002 was the highest point of Guntar Sler camps career. Some people say he looked his best at the Olympia. Some people say he looked best at his 2002 show of strength but regardless of which of those two shows he looked the best, he really can't make the argument that 2002 certainly it was his year and the crazy thing about the show of strength is not only did he out condition Ronnie Coleman but he outmustled him as well weighing over 300 pounds on stage and granted his height played a factor in that but still outmustling Ronnie Coleman is a very impressive feat and then to outmustle him and out condition him is doubly impressive. Now in 2003 Guntar would duplicate his fifth place placing at the Olympia but this time around Ronnie Coleman came correct it's like he had a wake up call from the previous year and in 2003 we saw one of the biggest and freakyest versions we had ever seen of Ronnie Coleman and it was a completely different story when you had Ronnie versus Guntar in 2003 compared to Ronnie versus Guntar in 2002. The Guntar actually hung in there for a couple more years as they top six finisher actually in 2004 he placed six and 2005 he actually moved all the way up to fourth place but then he would finish out on his competitive career in 2006 where they tenth place Olympia finished and the point to that is even though a lot of people feel like he peaked in 2002 he didn't fall off after 2002 he started to actually improve his Olympia placing they had to replicate his Olympia placing and he wouldn't fall off until 2006 but the fact that he even improved upon that up until 2005 just goes to show how impressive of a body builder he really was. So Guntar Sler camp will go down as one of the few men in history to defeat a reigning mr Olympia outside of the mr Olympia competition and it just so happened to be Ronnie Coleman one of the greatest mr Olympias of all time. So thank you guys for watching the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next drink from power signing out

=== FILE: The Legend Bruno Sammartino [3TddotAgPdI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power and I wanted to make another wrestling themed video specifically about the wrestler Bruno Sam Artino because unfortunately just last week he passed away at the age of 82 years old. Now not only was Bruno Sam Artino a legendary wrestler but he was also a very very strong power lifter. In fact he set a legitimate bench press record back in 1959 and I'm not talking about a fake record that was made up for his wrestling character something that was kind of invented to make him seem stronger back in 1959 he set a legitimate world record and he was the first man to bench over 500 pounds. So before Bruno in the early 1950s those a guy named Doug Hepburn who is the first man to bench press 450 and then 500 pounds and that a couple years later in 1959 Bruno Sam Artino would become the first man ever to press 565 pounds. So not only did he break and set a world record he beat the previous record by 65 pounds that is a massive leap from one record to another. In fact it gave you guys some perspective of how big of a jump 65 pounds is from one record to another all the bench press world records going back to 1996 and this is raw bench presses. So from 96 to 2018 they have all been in the low 700 so in 1996 the bench press record was 705 pounds and now currently in 2018 the current record is 739 pounds. So in 22 years the raw bench press record has only increased roughly 34 pounds. So for Bruno Sam Artino to shatter that record like he did especially back in the 1950s I mean a 565 bench back then was just an insanely impressive feat of strength. In back when he completed that bench press he was actually relatively small compared to the size that he would be as a pro wrestler he's about 6 foot tall or a little bit under weighing about 260 pounds and it was this initial bench press record that would catch the attention of Vince McMahon senior and originally you know the reason he brought Bruno Sam Artino over into his wrestling organization. So that big bench press would essentially be the start of Bruno Sam Artino's career. So back in the late 50s early 60s after he set that bench press record that would be where Bruno Sam Artino started his career with the WWF and that was the worldwide wrestling federation which would later become the WWF the world wrestling federation which of course would later become the WWE world wrestling entertainment. Now Bruno Sam Artino also had one of the longest-raining title reigns in wrestling history lasting nearly eight years when he won his first WWWF World Heavyweight Championship so seven years eight months and one day to be exact and then his second title run with the WWWF would last almost three years and five months. So if you guys didn't realize how iconic of a wrestler Bruno Sam Artino was his title run all together in the WWF with last over 10 years if you combine the two title reigns and then later on in his career he would come back to the WWF in 1984 and that would last till about 1988. I'm when during that time he would win the intercontinental heavyweight championship and he would also appear at WrestleMania. Now another interesting thing about Bruno Sam Artino's pro wrestling careers he is one of the very few wrestlers to have a match with somebody where the other person actually died likely as a result of that match. So Bruno Sam Artino in 1961 had a match with a wrestler named Chick Garibaldi. I'm enduring that match Bruno Sam Artino body slam Chick Garibaldi to the canvas and he did not get back up and the referee came over, stopped the match and determined that Chick Garibaldi was dead on the spot. The cause of death will later be determined as a heart attack and then this photo right here is a pretty interesting photo that I came across. So in this photo he's signing an autograph for a woman named Kathy Seagull and for those of you that don't know she was actually a female body builder that would go on to win the Miss International Competition in 1987 which is one of the biggest competitions in female body building and she actually had a very impressive physique during her body building career. Bruno Sam Artino not only inspired tons of people to become wrestlers but it also inspired tons of people to start working out and be strong because he was widely regarded as one of the most powerful pro wrestlers of all time. I'm an a lot of people were inspired just by his sheer strength. So I just wanted to make this video because unfortunately he recently passed away. I was planning on making a video about him for a long time but I felt that timing was right for this video in light of last week's event. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time you're in power signing out.

=== FILE: The Most Improved Bodybuilder at the Arnold [fJWLvONAgak].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's trying to power. So I'm going to make a video about who I feel is the most improved body builder from the 2018 Arnold Classic or really at this point you could just say the most improved body builder of 2018 in general. So for that I would go with Steve Kouklo who plays to fifth at the Arnold Classic this year. So Steve Kouklo has actually had been around for a while. He turned pro back in 2011. He's one shows like the Dallas, Europa. He's also one the Arnold Classic Brazil back in 2014. But really after that 2014 Arnold Classic Brazil win, he didn't really see too much from Steve Kouklo in terms of crazy top, you know, top-ready places or even wins. And you could arguably say that of the recent years 2014 was probably his best year, you know, of the past four years in 2014. He won that Arnold Classic Brazil and he also plays ninth at the Olympian 2014, which would be his best Olympic placing. Then the following year at the Olympia in 2015 his placing would drop all the way down to 16th, which was basically a tie for last place. Now in 2016 at the Olympia, you would see Steve Kouklo move up from 16th all the way to 13th, which is a three place improvement, so that's not too shabby. But still he wasn't really getting anyone's attention at that point. So as far as I know, Steve Kouklo hasn't really competed in much if at all since that 2016 Mr. Olympia. I know he skipped the 2017 Mr. Olympia. I'm pretty sure he did not do the Arnold Classic either of those years 2016 or 2017. So in a lot of ways this was like a comeback show for him trying to really make a statement and prove himself. I mean, he probably took a significant amount of time off to focus on improving his physique and bring something completely different, which I think is what he did. Now I remember when I first noticed Steve Kouklo going into this Arnold Classic someone sent me a video of him prepping for the show. And honestly he looked really phenomenal in that video and after I saw that video, I had him in the top six after I made my prediction video because I saw that video him training. And this guy just looked, he looked shredded, he looked big, he just looked freaking and I was like man this guy might come out of nowhere and crack into that top six. But again, I was still very cautiously optimistic going into the 2018 Arnold Classic on how he would place because it's just because of his previous track record. I don't really know how he's going to do against a lineup like this. You got to keep in mind man, this lineup had multiple Arnold Classic winners and he had Dexter Jackson, five time Arnold Classic winner. He had said it in a million Arnold Classic winner. Dennis Wolf, a former Arnold Classic winner. William Bonaak, third place at the Olympia. You had a really winkler, multiple consistent time top 10 at the Mr Olympia. I mean here you have a guy who was 13 to the Olympia going up against the lineup of really some of the greatest body builders of the modern era. And he was right there going toe to toe with him in that top six first call out. So I think Steve Kouklo's fifth place finished at the 2018 Arnold Classic is one of the bigger stories coming out of that show. I think this is really something we should be looking at going forward. The potential of a guy like Steve Kouklo to place highly at the Olympia to win some of these other shows that are a little bit smaller. I mean maybe to do well because what we saw here was a completely different Steve Kouklo. This guy was shredded to the bone. He brought the size. He brought the conditioning. His legs looked really really good. The only criticism I would have is a very minor criticism I would say is back. Might use a little bit of work. I would say just a little bit more depth and detail in that back. And he would be a very very dangerous competitor. He looks very good from the front. Phenomenal from the front actually. He's just one of those guys. It seems like a good guy. You want to see him succeed. He's a firefighter. He followed me back on Instagram after I met him at the Arnold Classic. He seems like a really good dude man. He's one of those dudes come back story. You really want to see him do well. I'm looking forward to seeing what Steve Kouklo is going to be able to do in the future going forward. I think this is going to build a lot of momentum for him going into some of these shows later in the year later in the season. Let me know what you guys think about Steve Kouklo's physique in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The Most Massive Bodybuilders of the 90's [YDGSbQNyGC0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Nine to Power. So this video is going to be about the three biggest mass monster body builders from the 1990s that didn't make an impact on the Mr. Olympia. So that means these were guys that didn't place within the top six and they weren't a threat to the number one spot at the Mr. Olympia or they simply never made it to the Mr. Olympia or never competed in the Mr. Olympia. Now the first bodybuilder on this list is going to be Victor Richards. Now I'm sure a lot of you guys have already heard of Victor Richards. He was a massive bodybuilder from the 1990s that did a guest posing with Dorian Yates. Where many people say that during that guest posing, he is outsized outmustled and just look way better than Dorian Yates. But they never went head to head on the Mr. Olympia stage. So he was arguably one of bodybuildings biggest, what if? So what if this guy had competed in the Mr. Olympia? What if this guy went head to head with Dorian? What if this guy could have won the Mr. Olympia? This was a guy that weighed over 310 pounds or 140 kilograms, which in the 1990s was just simply massive. And this guy wasn't very tall either. He was 5 foot 10 more about 177.5 centimeters tall. So not a super tall guy, just super stacked with muscle. And that's why his nickname was Mr. Big. Because as we know Dorian Yates is considered to be the original mass monster. But when going head to head with Victor Richards, Victor looks significantly bigger, significantly more muscular. And he was just one of the biggest freaks to come out in 1990s. Now not only did Victor Richards not ever compete at the Mr. Olympia, but he never competed as an IFBB pro. Now there is some speculation that he was given a pro card by Joe Weater. But he did not necessarily earn the pro card. It was just the fact that he was so big and massive. Joe Weater wanted him in the IFBB. So he simply gave him a pro card because he wanted him to compete. And Victor Richards never did. The closest thing we ever saw to Victor Richards competing was him versus Dorian Yates at that gas posing in 1994, which I believe was at Fibo. And the really fascinating thing about that posed down that gas posing was that Victor Richards specifically followed Dorian Yates around on stage. As if he knew, he was bigger and better than Dorian. And he wanted to get those comparisons. And he wanted people to see how big he really was even standing next to Mr. Olympia. So Victor Richards competition history consists of only five shows. The 1982 American Cup where he plays second, the 1983 teen Los Angeles, which he won. The 1984 California Gold Cup Classic, which he won, the 1989 Mr. Barbados, which he won and the 1992 Nigerian Championships, which he also won. So he was just a guy that was passionate about bodybuilding and built a definite IFBB pro caliber physique and just chose not to compete. He just enjoyed bodybuilding, didn't necessarily enjoy competing. Now Victor is a perfect example of a guy that had insane genetics for bodybuilding. When he won that teen Los Angeles competition at the age of 18, he already weighed 240 pounds. And one year later at the age of 19 where he won that California show, he was 245. And by the time he was doing these gas posings, he was over 300 pounds. Now the rumor is that Victor Richards actually had arms that measured over 26 inches. But I don't know how much legitimacy there is to that claim because of 26 inch arm. I mean, even at his biggest, I mean, that's one of the biggest arms in the history of bodybuilding. I'm excluding the use of like a sight and handsman oil. But that is the claim that his arms are at 1.26 inches and that his thighs were at 1.1 in excess of 35 inches. So Victor Richards and my opinions probably wanted the biggest bodybuilders to not make an impact on the Mr. Olympia stage. Now next on the list, we have a bodybuilder named Greg Covax. So Greg Covax was arguably the biggest bodybuilder of the 1990s. And it's height had a lot to do with that. He was six foot four inches tall with an off-season weight claiming to be an excess of 420 pounds and a contest weight claiming to be an excess of 330 pounds on stage. Now not only did Greg Covax not make an impact on the Mr. Olympia, he never even made it to the Mr. Olympia. But he was one step ahead of Victor Richards in the fact that he was an IFBB pro and he did compete four times as an IFBB pro. So he turned pro in 1996 by winning the NPC Canadian Nationals. And then after that he would compete in the 1997 night of champions where he would play 16th, the 1998 Iron Man where he would also play 16th. Then in 2001 he would do the night of champions and not even place. And in 2003 he would be 13th at the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio. So Greg Covax is a perfect example of bigger not being better. This guy was arguably one of the biggest bodybuilders of all time. Again his height played a large factor in that. But in addition to his height he did carry an extreme amount of muscle mass on stage. But as you would see towards the end of his career that muscle mass was starting to become very disproportionate and become one of the earliest signs that we'd seen of Pellumbuism where the gut really maintained a pretty significant amount of size and his limbs and extremities seem to shrink. His arms didn't look that good as legs, they didn't look that good. But as midsection was still huge towards the end of his career. Now unfortunately Greg Covax passed away in 2013 at the age of 44 years old. So that would be the end of Greg Covax's bodybuilding career and the cause of death was heart failure. Now finally on this list we have Lou for Ignore. Now obviously Lou for Ignore in the 70s was certainly a top threat to the Mr. Olympia title as we saw in Pumping Iron. And in the 1990s when Lou for Ignore made his comeback while he was very impressive, the main point was he was very, very big. So in 1992 Lou for Ignore made his comeback to the Olympia stage and he placed 12th in 1992 Dorian Yates will be winning that year. But Lou for Ignore was absolutely huge on the Olympia stage that year. He was massive. Now again his height did have a lot to do with that. He was significantly over six foot tall somewhere between six foot three and six foot five depending on where you get your information. But at his 1992 comeback he weighed 315 pounds or 143 kilograms on stage and some reports even say that throughout the course of his comeback as he continued to train. He would get up to his heaviest 340 pounds, not necessarily on stage but just in training. So this guy was massive in the 90s much bigger than he was back in the 70s. Now unfortunately his comeback wouldn't have much of an impact on the Mr. Olympia stage and he certainly wasn't a threat to the top six or even the Mr. Olympia title. In 1992 he would place 12th in a 1993 he would place 10th and he would continue to compete one more time in 1994 to take second place at the Master's Mr. Olympia competition. Now one last body built I wanted to add to this list kind of as an honorable mention would be Marcus Rulner. Marcus Rulner did actually place highly at several Olympias but that wouldn't be until the early 2000s although he did compete as a pro in the 1990s specifically in 1999. So he was one of the biggest freakyest guys that we had ever seen hit the Olympia stage and he competed in his first Mr. Olympia in 1999 where he was disqualified. So technically he is a mass monster from the 1990s that didn't make an impact on the Olympia in the 1990s but later on in the early 2000s he would placing within the top 5 at the 2004 Mr. Olympia and placing within the top 10 actually several times at the Mr. Olympia. Also winning major shows like the 2002 Night of Champions. That's the video guys I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next drink and power signing out.

=== FILE: The Most Underrated Bodybuilder of 2018 [4X2m_nOHfVw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power so it's the Monday after the Arnold Classic Australia. I'm not one more video that I wanted to make regarding the top six placings at the Arnold Classic Australia. So in this video I want to talk about maybe the number one underdog coming out of this show and going into the competitive season and that would be Luke Sando. So Luke Sando is a bodybuilder from the UK that we haven't really seen too much of. But I thought from a size standpoint this guy was tremendously impressive at the Arnold Australia. Now obviously there's a tad bit of a conditioning issue here and that's probably what held him back and put him in six place. But honestly I feel like six place was kind of a robbery for him. I mean giving him six I think he could have easily beat that fourth place guy Luke is also even though that Luke has had tremendous conditioning. His structure was so bad I think that Luke Sando certainly deserved to beat him with the structure and the size that Luke Sando brought. I mean he looks very reminiscent of a Dorian Yates type of physique especially from the back. His back development is absolutely insane when you see him in that lineup next to some of the guys that they were comparing for seven eight and nine. His back was smoking those guys man. You could see at some point during this post in the routine he did have a little bit of a distance and gut. But he did a very very good job overall on stage of controlling that gut. I mean that's really the name of the game. I think a lot of these bodybuilders really do end up having some sort of gut but it's really a question of whether or not they're able to control it. I'm that's one of the things that I wanted to commend him for is the fact that he did have somewhat of a big waste. But you could tell he was really trying and really paying a lot of attention to controlling it on stage and not letting it hang out in the transitions, not letting it hang out in the manitories. So I want to commend him for that. And I just think this guy is going to be a dark horse going forward in some of these shows. This guy is a tremendous bodybuilder, tremendous size. I do know that he's competing in about two weeks at the IFB Indy Pro and Indianapolis. And Steve Kuhklo is also going to be competing there. So I think it's going to be down to maybe him and Steve for one and two. I don't even know who else is doing this show but I think those are the two biggest names that are jumping in it. So you know that's going to be a show where you could see him really make waves. Certainly placing that top three and potentially win a show like that. Other Steve Kuhklo, the package that you brought to the ono classic. If you're able to bring that again man it's going to be a very tough package for Luke Sando to beat especially in the conditioning aspect. But I just think man this is somebody that we need to be watching out for in the future. This guy crazy structure, crazy size on this guy. Crazy muscularity his posing was actually pretty good as well. He did kind of a Dorian Yate style posing routine. I guess he kind of knew that he had a similar physique to Dorian Yates and he was hitting poses very similar to the way that Dorian hit those poses. So again I'm just very impressed by this guy. I was really kind of shocked to see him in sixth and not see him you know place higher. He was beaten by a Hide Tate Yamaki. She and of course Luke is also a Dill. I think he looked better than both of those guys but certainly Hide was infinitely more conditioned on the Luke Sando and that's probably what gave him the edge. But from a size and structure standpoint between him and Hide I think is no contest. And again from a structure standpoint at Luke is also Dill. I think again this is no contest. So if this guy is able to come in with crazy crisp conditioning Luke Sando is going to be a serious threat to any major pro show. Mark my words on that when you see this guy come in peeled he's going to be one of those guys that is super dangerous. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about Luke Sando's physique. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The Most Underrated Classic Physique Competitor [E8hGmxTF0BU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder and classic physique competitor by the name of Dave Hoffman. So Dave Hoffman is a German bodybuilder, most recently known for competing in the New York Pro 2018, where I think he was a little bit overshadowed by the competition, specifically, Regan Grimes, who made his classic physique debut at that New York Pro. I think Regan Grimes really got the majority of the attention coming out of that show, but in the comment section of most of my videos about the New York Pro, people were saying how amazing Dave Hoffman looked and I really do agree with that sentiment. Now I do believe Dave Hoffman was certainly overlooked in the New York Pro lineup, of course, and first you had Regan Grimes, and second you had Divine Wilson, who had almost beaten Steve Lourious at the Pittsburgh Pro, and then you had Dave Hoffman in third, and I think had Regan not jumped in that lineup in the limelight and the center of attention hadn't been him. I think if it were Divine versus Dave Hoffman, Dave Hoffman might have got a lot more attention, and in my opinion, could have honestly beat Divine Wilson. I'm a big fan of Divine physique, but Dave Hoffman kind of came out of nowhere, and this guy's conditioning was insane. Now granted, the lighting at the New York Pro, we've all established this, it wasn't the best, and I don't think it really flattered anybody in terms of making their conditioning look good, but in these photos you can still tell, Dave Hoffman is shredded to the bone. Now shortly after the New York Pro, Dave Hoffman did get a little bit of redemption at the 2018 San Marino Pro, Classic physique division where he won. So placing first in San Marino did in fact qualify Dave Hoffman to compete at the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. So this is going to be a guy that we're going to see on the Olympia stage. So he is certainly a guy that could be in the conversation for a top six or a top 10 finish in the Classic physique Olympia. So he certainly had name that I want you guys to be familiar with, and I want you guys to know going into the Mr. Olympia because this isn't a guy that I want to see get overlooked, especially at this Mr. Olympia. I think this is really his big shot to come into the Olympia and make some waves and make a name for himself in Classic. So I want to make sure his name gets out there because this guy is a guy that I think could be a threat to the top six. This guy is a guy that I think could possibly be a top three guy if he improves on a couple of things. He needs to be a little bit bigger specifically for me I think his back and his legs need to come up a little bit but other than that I think he does have a very impressive physique from a standpoint of what the Classic physique judges are looking for. Great V-Taper, excellent posing. I mean he pulls off the majority of the great Classic poses like the Archer Pose, the Javlin Pose, even the Mantis Pose, Arnold Schwarzenegger made famous. I think he does a very good job of pulling off that pose as well. I think this is certainly a guy that we need to be looking at. I'm in paying attention to going forward. So again, just another example guys. I mean I think this Classic physique Olympia is going to be one of the most exciting yet. I'm granted there have only been two Classic physique Olympia so far. The first two really didn't get that much height because Classic physique is so new but I'm watching right now on social media. People are really, really excited to see the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. You've got this deep lineup of guys that is constantly getting deeper and guys coming out of nowhere with these crazy Classic physique like Dave Hoffman. And we're going to see a lot of these guys do some damage at the Olympia so I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about Dave Hoffman's physique and more specifically what you guys think about Dave Hoffman's placing at the New York Pro. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of power signing out.

=== FILE: The Mountain Wins World's Strongest Man 2018 [rzQxfMs729s].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's time to power. So a little bit of road strongest man coverage here. So I'm excited to report that half-thdoor Bjornsson aka the mountain has finally won the world strongest man competition at the age of 29 years old. Now he actually had a pretty good lead in winning this. He had 51.5 points to take the win, coming in second place was Matt to use Kielis Kowski with 45 points. So he beat him by 6.5 points, then Brian Shaw the former four-time world strongest man came in third place, where they total of 44 points. So very excited to see half-thdoor finally be successful in winning that world strongest man. I've been saying for a long time, I think it's just a matter of time. It's not a question of if it's a matter of when he wins it. Is this guy, I mean, he isn't saying Lee Talton. Standing at a massive height of 6 foot 9 inches tall, weighing roughly 400 pounds, half-thdoor has been competing in the world strongest man every single year since 2011. The first year he ever competed, he was in the top 6 placing sixth. And then going back to last year at the 2017 World strongest man, a lot of people kind of saw this coming. Because half-thdoor took second last year to the new champion Eddie Hall. Obviously after that Eddie retired, he did not compete this year. So a lot of people saw a 2018 as either being the time that Brian Shaw makes his comeback and takes another title, or the reign of a new champion, Half-thdoor Bjornson. And I'm really excited for him. I think now this makes him the biggest star in the history of strong man, having the role that he had in Game of Thrones. And some of the roles that he's had in Hollywood making his name even bigger. And being known as the mountain. Now he actually has that world strongest man title under his belt. So I'm extremely happy for him. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Half-thdoor Julius Bjornson is the new World strongest man, 2018.

=== FILE: The Myth： Sergio Oliva [lNLYue_6AZQ].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power so today I wanted to make a video on Sergio O'Liva. Now I've done a couple of videos on Sergio in the past but I've never really done a full complete profile of Sergio and his competition history. I've talked about some of his rivalries with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Some of the times when they went head to head and the outcome was controversial. I've also talked about Sergio's comeback in 1984. But I wanted to make a more standalone video about Sergio's kind of detailing all the things that he achieved during his career, his posing, his accolades, his Mr. Olympia wins, his rivalry with Joe Weater. All the things that contributed to making him the body builder that he was remembered to be. So Sergio O'Liva would begin his competitive career in body building in 1964, competing in the AAU, Mr. America, where he took seventh place. In 1966, he had won his first junior Mr. America and then in 1966 he would also win the IFPB Mr. World. Then he would compete in his first Mr. Olympia ever to the 1966 Olympia where he placed fourth and obviously 1966 is the final year that Larry Scott won the Olympia. Larry Scott won the first Olympia ever in 65. When his second Olympia in 66 and then he would retire from body building. So Sergio would win his first of three Mr. Olympia titles beginning in 1967. So he would win 67, 68 and 69, making him a three-time Mr. Olympia winner at that time that was the record for most Olympia wins. During that time he also won the 67 IFPB Mr. Universe competition. Now in 1970, history would be made and this would kind of mark the coming of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold would actually defeat Sergio O'Liva, the Raining Mr. Olympia at the 1970 AAU Mr. World competition which was held just before the 1970 Mr. Olympia which would be the Olympia where Arnold would finally de-throne Sergio O'Liva and win his first of seven Olympia titles. So Sergio being defeated in 1978 that Mr. World competition is a very important moment in body building history. Now even though the Mr. Olympia wasn't that old yet this would be the first time in history as I mentioned that a Raining Mr. Olympia would be defeated outside of the Mr. Olympia competition. And this would not happen again until 2002 where Gunter Sler Camp defeated five-time Mr. Olympia at the time Ronnie Coleman at the 2002 GNC show of strength just weeks after the Mr. Olympia. So this is something that has happened very few times in body building history seeing a Raining Mr. Olympia get defeated off the Olympia stage. Now Sergio and Joe Weeder would have a lot of ups and downs during Sergio's body building career and this would really begin in 1970-slash 71 where Sergio decided to go over to NABBA and compete in the Mr. Universe. So NABBA was the rival organization to the IFBB. I've said this many times but prior to the IFBB the NABBA Mr. Universe was the number one most sought after title in body building. So Sergio went over there to compete for that title placing second in the 1971 NABBA Mr. Universe. Now the note worthy thing about this is 1971 was the here the IFBB implemented their non-sanctioned policy in their body building competition. So what that meant was if you competed in a rival Federation and you were an IFBB pro body builder you could be banned or disqualified from upcoming Mr. Olympia competitions. And that's exactly what happened to Sergio in 1971 where he was banned from competing at the Mr. Olympia and as a result in 1971 Arnold Schwarzenegger was actually the only competitor to compete in that years of Olympia. And Sergio was not allowed but he was allowed to guess pose at that show. So that is why you will see photos of Sergio on the Olympia stage in 1971 posing but it was simply a guess posing. He was not a competitor in the 1971 Mr. Olympia. Now the 1972 Mr. Olympia would be where the rivalry between Joe Weater and Sergio at Levo really come to peak because in 1972 Sergio placed second to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sergio claims he deserved a win that show and many other body building fans think Sergio won in 1972 as well. And he went on to say that after he placed second Joe Weater told him that his ban from the Olympia was still in effect and that is why he got second place and did not win the show. And Sergio there's kind of a lot of controversy about this but in Sergio's own words that's what happened. So after that 1972 Mr. Olympia Sergio became very disgruntled and he was obviously upset at the fact that you know why would they let him compete if his ban was still in place why would they place him second? Why would he have even been at the Mr. Olympia if he was still banned? He thought it was kind of a bogus excuse for you know Joe Weater allowing Arnold the win because Arnold was obviously Joe Weater's golden boy and you know he saw Arnold as the future of body building. So Sergio felt that the competition was rigged in favor of Arnold and you know the whole ban thing was just kind of an excuse. So is it this point that Sergio made a major move that would piss off Joe Weater and that would be to go compete and Joe Weater's main rival Dan Loury. His body building organization known as the WBBG or the World Body Building Guild. Dan Loury and Joe Weater have done a whole video on this topic but they were basically rival promoters that had a lot of bad blood between them and when Sergio came over to the WBBG it was a big deal in body building history to have you know a three-time Mr. Olympia basically one of the IIPB's best body builders that come over to another organization. I'm going to start competing for them. So in that video where I talked about Sergio making a comeback to the 1984 Mr. Olympia one of the things that I wanted to mention here was the fact that Sergio never retired from body building. He simply quit competing in the Mr. Olympia from 1972 to 1984 but he was still competing over in the WBBG winning a slew of titles including the WBBG Mr. Galaxy the WBBG Mr. International the WBBG Mr. Olympus which he won about three times. He would compete in the WABBA World Championships which he would win twice and he would also win the WABBA Pro World Cup twice. Now an interesting thing about the WABBA or the World Amateur Body Building Association is this was another rival Federation to the IIPB actually founded by the French Body Builder Serge New Bray who many of you guys may remember from pumping iron he actually founded it the year after pumping iron. So this was another guy that you can argue was pretty disgruntled with his playings in the IIPB. So he went on to start his own organization WABBA. So it was pretty obvious that Sergio was trying to send a message to Joe Weader that he was pissed off and he was going to these other organizations and winning other major titles. So that would bring us to 1984 where Sergio leave a kind of put aside his differences with Joe Weader to compete in the Olympia two more times. So in 1984 at the age of 44 years old Sergeo would come back and compete at the Olympia placing a very respectable eighth place at a very competitive lineup. Now Sergio even said after the fact that he realized there was no chance that Joe Weader would ever let him win another Mr. Olympia title but he wanted to try anyway especially considering the fact that in 1984 Arnold had been retired for four years so he knew he wasn't going to have to go head to head with Arnold anymore so it was kind of a new era and body building. He thought the time was right to jump back on stage. And I've got to say as far as come back, Joe Sergeo leave a very impressive comeback as physique was very impressive, very thick and very dense. You could even make an argument he was bigger than at some points in his career when he was still with the IIPB. So Sergio would compete at the Olympia one final time in 1985 again placing eighth and that would be essentially his retirement from body building. And again that's where you see the iconic photos of Sergio holding up his son on stage. His son obviously Sergio Jr. who is an IFBB pro today. Most notably winning this past year's New York pro competition and how iconic will it be when Sergio finally competes on the Olympia stage he will be the first body builder in history to be a legacy Mr. Olympia competitor and what I mean by legacy is a son of a former Mr. Olympia winner competing in the Mr. Olympia competition has never been done before and it will be a giant moment in body building history when Sergio Jr. decides to step on the last stage. Now unfortunately Sergio Sr. is no longer with us he passed away back in 2012 at the age of 71 years old but he certainly did leave a pretty impactful legacy on body building. Not just in the sense of the titles that he won but his posing as well. I mean his victory pose which he pretty much trade mark became one of the most iconic poses in body building that kind of overhead kind of a variation of a front double bicep pose. Where you've got the lats flared out it shows your V tape or it shows the size of your arms it shows the size of your forearms you've got your quads flexed it was just a very iconic pose for that era and you see many body builders today trying to replicate that pose and very few of them can pull off that pose like Sergio ported off in his prime. I think Lee Priest is one of the few body builders that can pull off that pose in a way that's almost as impressive as Sergio leave us but I think no one will ever have the same victory pose as Sergio. And of course even though Arnold defeated Sergio and took the Olympia title from him Sergio still remains only one of three men to ever defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger and a body building contest so that is a very big distinction. And then of course he had Sergio changing the history of body building by forever changing the rules in the IFBB with that 1971 non-Sanction policy which again many people feel that Sergio leave us with the sole reason that that policy was created and that is a policy that remains in place to this day. And then just a quick overview of Sergio stats I mean he was about 235 pounds on stage or 166 kilograms at a height of 5 foot 10 which for that era and body building was a pretty big body builder. And he also supported a very impressive 27 inch waist which is part of the reason why he had one of the greatest V tapers of all time and a major part of the reason why his victory pose looked as impressive as it did. So that is the video guys I hope you guys enjoyed it please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The Next 212 Mr. Olympia？？ [TCoYHR744sw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I want to talk about this kind of young up-and-coming 212 body butter by the name of Derek Lunsford. Now this is a guy that I've seen a ton of hype for on social media. I've seen his pictures all over the place. Honestly he does have a tremendous physique for the 212 division. A lot of people are saying he's like the next flex Lewis after flexure tires. He's going to take it to crown, etc. etc. And as we've been getting closer and closer to the Mr. Olympia, the pictures and videos that he's been putting out. He's looking better and better so I think it's about time that we start talking about this guy. As a potential threat to that top 3 spot at the Mr. Olympia in the 212 division. So last year at the 2017 Mr. Olympia, Derek Lunsford came in fifth place. Now Derek is actually a pretty young bodybuilder and he made his protebion in 2017. I think he's actually the exact same age as me 25. So he made his protebion at the IIPB Tampa Pro in the 212 division where he won that show. Immediately qualifying him for the Mr. Olympia. Then it has a Olympia debut in 2017. He took fifth place right off the bat. So this is a guy who previously wasn't really on the radar really in the conversation for a top 212 spot. And now his prep for the 2018 Mr. Olympia, he's posting these incredible updates. Where he just looks huge. I mean he looks crazy dense, crazy hard. I mean his conditioning is certainly on point. I mean one of the very strong points that I think he has going for him is while he does have all this mass on his upper body. He has a very very small way. He has a very great taper to his physique while carrying this incredible mass, specifically in his back. Now it is worth pointing out here that in 2017, it's not like he was a small guy on the 212 stage. I mean he was pretty comparable to how he looks now from a size standpoint. So back in 2017 he was still this big guy and he still only took fifth place. So it's just really a matter of back then. Not a lot of people knew who he was to really hype him up going into the 2017 Mr. Olympia. Whereas now he's on the map a little bit more and more people are talking about him. So from a size standpoint he's not like crazy bigger than he was last year, but he has made some market improvements to his physique. His legs look significantly better from the you know from the photos that I've seen so far. His back I mean it looks absolutely insane. I've seen some training videos of him training with Ben Pockowski. It's back is just it's crazy. And specifically one of the main reasons why I was inspired to make a video about this guy is because at just under eight weeks out he released a bunch of progress photos. The front back and the side. Those photos he actually did look very impressive. I mean the conditioning seems to be there. The back shots like I said crazy. Just crazy size and density in the back. You can already see clear detail coming in in the legs specifically the glutes and the hamstrings. You can already see crazy vascularity in the legs. The only knock that I would really have on this guy is the size of his calves. I'd be the one thing that I noticed. As his legs are starting to come up more. The calves haven't really seem to catch up with the upper leg. Which is the same problem that we tend to see with big ramen. I mean big ramen he's got all this crazy size and his upper legs and his upper body. But the calves don't match and that tends to be something that will throw off the physique. You can have the craziest biggest legs in the world but if your calves don't match it's going to give a weird look to the physique. So overall I am very excited to see where Derek places at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. And I do think he's a threat to that top three. But overall I think Flex Lewis is going to win this final Olympia appearance. And we're probably not going to see a new champion in 2018. But we could see a guy like Derek pushing those top two guys. It's certainly a possibility. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. About this up and coming to 12 bodybuilder. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.

=== FILE: The Next Classic Physique Mr. Olympia [_AWBW4FwaBc].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power up. I'm going to make a video about Wesley Visor. So Wesley Visor is a guy that just turned pro in classic physique. Just a couple days ago now. And Wesley has been on my radar for a while. Ever since winning my 2017 Mr. Golden era competition last year. This guy immediately stood out as having a phenomenal classic physique. So now that he's actually a pro body builder in classic physique, his goal now is to compete at the Mr. Olympia competition in 2018 this year. So the question is can Wesley Visor's not only plays within the top six at the Olympia, but also be Breonnainsley and Chris Bumsted who were one and two. So I do like Breonnainsley. I think he's got a great physique, but overall I think Wesley Visor brings the better physique, especially in the upper body. Now Breonna, I will say the one thing that he probably has over Wesley is his legs. You can't really make any argument about it. Wesley's weak point is certainly his legs and that's the thing that he's going to need to bring up. In order to beat these guys at the Olympia, I do think he's going to be able to do that. But in terms of Wesley's upper body, I think he has one of the best upper bodies. Compared to any of those guys on the classic physique stage, or you look at the, you know, the whiteness of his lats, the arms, the chest. I mean, his upper body is complete in all the places that Breonna and Chris Bumsted are lacking. Wesley, I think, are much more similar than Wesley and Breonna, because Chris Bumsted has a very similar upper body to Wesley. He has a very big chest, very wide lats, and very good delts. And I think Wesley is similar in that regard. But I might even say that Wesley has better delts. Certainly has better arms and Chris Bumsted. I'll say Wesley is like a Chris Bumsted with better arms and but in arms would be Chris Bumsted's, you know, number one weakness. But Chris Bumsted certainly has better legs than Wesley Visor's. So in my opinion, if we see Wesley bring up those legs, he will win the Mr. Olympia Classic physique division, no problem. I think it's almost guaranteed for me at this point to say that he's going to be in the top six at the Olympia. It's not even a question for me that he's going to make it to the Olympia or qualify for the Olympia. So I think, honestly, Wesley is one of the most promising young stars to come into this classic physique division. And again, this is definitely a division, again, it's relatively new. This is definitely a scenario where you can see some younger guy come out of nowhere and place highly or even win the classic physique Olympia. As you guys saw last year, I mean, Chris Bumsted came out of virtually nowhere to place second at that Olympia. The first classic physique Olympia ever, you got Danny Hester when that show and no one had really even heard of Danny Hester at that point. So being completely objective, I think everything about Wesley exemplifies what we should be looking for in a classic physique. That crazy V-Taper, those crazy wide lats, obviously a crazy vacuum pose. And in addition to the vacuum pose, his posing all around is phenomenal. I think that's one of the things that we should definitely be looking for in a future star of classic physique is somebody that knows how to hit the poses. And Wesley, the pictures that I've seen in the videos that I've seen, the way that he's able to hit poses is absolutely phenomenal hands down one of the best poses that I've ever seen. And I've seen a lot of great poses. I would say his two most impressive poses will probably be his crucifix pose, his vacuum pose, and I would even throw in his three-quarter back to bullbice up that he hits similar to Arnold Schwarzenegger's pose. So I just want to help put this guy on the radar because he's from the Netherlands. He just turned pro like I said. So not a lot of people have heard of him. He does have his own YouTube channel, vintage genetics. Quite a few followers on there. I think overall the US bodybuilding scene, I don't think anybody is going to see this guy coming. I think whatever classic physique pro show he chooses to do to qualify for the Olympia, I think he's going to sweep that show and people are going to be blown away by his physique. So I just want to help put this guy's name out there because I think he's going to be the next big thing in classic physique. And honestly, I think he's going to win the classic physique Olympia. If not this year at some point, again, his legs do need to come up. That's my one objective criticism of him. But other than that, this guy has the structure. He has the genetics. He has the posing nailed. He has the conditioning nailed. He has the size nailed. He's got pretty much everything. So can he beat Brian? I think yes. Can he beat Chris Bumsted? I also think yes. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Wesley Visters, his physique, and his chances at the Mr. Olympia Classic physique. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Frank and Power signing out.

=== FILE: The Next Mr. Olympia [GDiP7Zpy-bE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time to power. So I came across a fascinating discovery here on Instagram. Now I believe this guy could be the next Mr. Olympia. So what are the two things in bodybuilding that people always say need to be improved? Number one would be smaller waste. Number two, a longer neck. So I stumbled across this young bodybuilding prodigy on Instagram that goes by the name of Daddy Longneck. And I've got to say I'll be damned if this kid doesn't have the longest neck that I've ever seen and these smallest waste that I've ever seen. Now not only does Daddy Longneck have the physique of a Greek god combined with a snapping turtle, but he's also developed a revolutionary new way of tanning for a bodybuilding show by covering his entire body and peanut butter. Now if peanut butter isn't going to make your physique stand out on stage under those bright lights, I don't know what is. Now in addition to having the longest neck in the bodybuilding game and an incredible smooth and nutty tan. Daddy Longneck has a posing routine that would rival Kai Green's greatest routine. Now what is the other element of bodybuilding that we've been saying is lacking lately? Conditioning. I mean this guy, Daddy Longneck, is shredded to the absolute bone. You can literally see his rib cage. But other Mr. Olympia competitor has a rib cage sticking out on stage the extent of Daddy Longneck. He is the embodiment of shredded to the bone. And don't even get me started on the incredible bicep development on Daddy Longneck. Forget about the 24 inch pythons on Hulk Hogan. Look at these 9 inch garrters and eggs right here. Another small now, but they have potential. So you heard it here first guys. This is the next bodybuilding prodigy that's up and coming. Most likely he's going to break the Olympia record. Put some respect on the neck.

=== FILE: The Next Threat to the Mr. Olympia？ [20mnb7POOuU].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Nathan De Asha. So Nathan De Asha has been making more noise in the body building industry right now than really anybody else, winning his past two pro shows and going for his third pro show when this weekend at the Toronto Pro. He won the New York pro and of course the Cali pro last weekend. In addition to those two pro titles he has also won the 2016 Lou Frigno Legacy show and he also won the 2016 Toronto Pro. So as of now he has four total pro wins and these are all pretty big pro shows. I'd say that New York pro win is probably the biggest win of his career so far. The Frigno Legacy could be a close second Cali pro or Toronto pro in third. But overall this guy has you know he's been gaining tremendous momentum especially this year but 2016 and 2017 were both very good years for Nathan De Asha. So the main impressive thing to me about Nathan De Asha is how fast he's been improving upon his playings. In 2016 at the Mr. Olympia has very first Olympia appearance ever he took 12th place. Now the following year in 2017 he moved all the way up to seventh place from 12th so over five places he moved up in just one year's time. So this guy is just getting better and better each year and he's getting better very quickly. So if he does win this Toronto pro this coming weekend and he wins three pro shows in a row and then shuts it down for the Mr. Olympia. He's got to be one of the favorites to be in the top six going into that show. I mean three pro wins in a row. I mean I don't think you guys realize how much momentum that would be for a guy to win three pro shows going into the Mr. Olympia. Now De Asha is pretty good but I would say he's probably not you know top three Mr. Olympia good yet. Now that's not to say he's not going to be that good one day but I think as of right now 2018 he's probably not top three at the Olympia good. But I would have him coming in that top six somewhere. So my prediction he's going to move up from his seventh place finished last year to maybe a sixth or a fifth place spot. Maybe towards the outside of that top six at the Olympia probably not in the top three but he is a very good bodybuilder. So what I think is going to happen is going into the 2019 Arnold Classic. I think he should do that show and win or try to win the 2019 Arnold Classic and he'll have one pretty much every major title in bodybuilding. That's really really sought after. Aside from the Olympia so he's already won the New York pro which is essentially the third biggest show in bodybuilding. And this is a title that you know all these bodybuilders they want to win the New York pro you get that fancy ring. It's a really good title. It's a really good show to win. It's always a really deep lineup. He's got the California pro. That's a good show to win. That's a show that Dallas McCarver had won in the past. The Toronto pro. That's a good show to win. Of course how could you not want to win the Fragno Legacy and get that awesome trophy that Lou Fragno gave out. Which was basically him as the incredible hawk. This giant trophy. I mean that's a pretty big title to win as well. If he can win the Arnold Classic in 2019 I think Deash is going to have more momentum than really anybody else going into the mystery Olympia. This guy is going to be a guy that people are going to want to see. He's going to be a top threat. He's going to have a bunch of major titles under his belt. And he's still a very young guy. I mean he hasn't really been around that long. Now some people were actually criticizing Nathan Deash and his conditioning and his waistline at the New York pro 2018. So I kind of wanted to debunk that myth really quickly here with this photo right here. So yeah and some photos if you cherry pick the photos his waist did look a little bit bigger, particularly in the front double bicep. Now the reason for that was because he decided to hit the front double bicep differently than he usually hits it. He's clearly crunching down on his abs rather than going up and kind of sucking them in, which is what he usually does where his waist looks really small. So that's why it looked different. You can see these comparison photos. That's clearly why his waist looked different. Then during that same show he would hit it the way he regularly hit it and his waist looked fine. So his waist looking blown out. That was really just the result of people cherry picking photos. And that was just kind of dumb. As far as the conditioning is concerned I think there's no argument he could have been more conditioned that the New York pro. I think he certainly came in better at the California pro a week later. But I think a major factor in the New York pro is the lighting. I think everybody, you know they're conditioning a little bit off as a result of the bad lighting. And Nathan Deash was no exception to that rule. So I don't think he's a guy with bad conditioning by any means. He could have had better conditioning yes. But I don't think conditioning is essentially a problem for Nathan Deash. So I'm expecting big things from Nathan Deash in the next year or so. So he's definitely a guy that's going to be on my radar. I think he should definitely be on a lot of your guys' radar as well. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength of power signing out.

=== FILE: The Polish Powerhouse： Ivan Putski [kknxnspSIUY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on a power so I'm going to make a video about an old school professional wrestler who was also an accomplished power lifter and a high level bodybuilder as well. And that would be the Polish powerhouse Ivan Putski. Ivan Putski was a true professional wrestling legend starting his career all the way back in 1968 and it would last all the way up until 1996 and during that time he would wrestle with various promotions including the WWF and the ICW. And he is probably best known for his time that he spent in the WWF during his feuds with the famous Routy Roddy Piper and of course Sergeant Slotter. But if we're talking about professional wrestlers that had an extremely diverse background as far as strength sports and bodybuilding as concerned, look no further than even Putski because this guy was an absolute powerhouse standing only five foot six inches tall. And as early wrestling career I'll show you guys some pictures from back then he was about over 250 pounds at five foot six inches tall. So not a very tall guy. But he was insanely dense and insanely strong at the peak of his strength. He claimed to have a 600 pound bench press. In fact many of the powerlifting magazines at that time did articles on even Putski where they talked about his bench press routine and the way that he would rep out 400 plus pounds like it was nothing. In his day to day work at routine. So even Putski was one of the strongest wrestlers of all time and that regard. And it wasn't just the bench press he was strong and he was strong all around and squatting deadlifting everything. And that would actually bring him to the point of having the very impressive size of 20 inch calves. In his workout and training methodologies would become legendary and people still to this day look back at his Polish power template. I'm still using that as a method of gaining strength because it was such an impressive program and he was so frequently strong for his size. Now another fascinating thing about even Putski is that that freakest strength would actually end up gaining the attention of the world strongest man organization. And they would invite him to compete in the second ever world strongest man in 1978. Now you guys might remember from the first video that I did about the 1977 world strongest man which was the first one ever where they kind of had a hodgepodge of guys. It's not like it is today and there wasn't a pro strong man organization that fed into world strongest man. They would just take strong guys from various sports and various backgrounds, whether it was wrestling football, bodybuilding, Olympic weightlifting. And they would just take this group of guys and have them compete in these obscure lifts to see who is the strongest like a 1977. They had Lou Ferigno, they had Franco Colombo, they had famous football players from that era. They had Olympic medalists, it was just kind of a random grouping of guys and 1978 was no exception. Now the 1978 world strongest man was actually one by a guy by the name of Bruce Willhelm. And in that competition even Putski he didn't place that well. He placed eighth out of ten competitors at the world strongest man in 1978. But still bear in mind we're talking about a guy who was one of the most successful and popular pro wrestlers of all time. He was also a very successful power lifter having one of the best bench presses arguably in the WWE F. At that time. A 600 plus pound bench, you got to remember back in that day. That was an insane bench press. And back then I'm sure we're talking about a raw bench press and there was no type of real bench shirt apparatus to really give him any assistance at all in that lift. So in addition to that, I also mentioned that even Putski got into bodybuilding. So around the time of the mid 70s, late 70s, would be where he started to drop weight to prepare for bodybuilding. Now some of those early photos that I showed you of Putski was when he weighed over 250 pounds at five foot six. Obviously at a weight like that at a height like that. He wasn't going to be very lean. So towards the end of his wrestling career with the AWA around 1974 and towards the beginning of his wrestling career with the WF, that would be where he would begin dropping weight and getting leaner and having more of a physique as a wrestler. To pursue his goal of getting into bodybuilding. So during that time, he only weighed about two, fifteen to two hundred and twenty pounds dropping roughly thirty five pounds from his previous weight when he started wrestling. Now I actually did manage to dig up some of Ivan Putski's NPC contest history. So he did compete in the NPC throughout the 80s, in particular the early 80s. And he made it to one of the highest levels that you can compete at in the NPC and that would be NPC nationals and also NPC USAs. So starting in 1982 he would compete in the NPC USAs and he wouldn't do too well in the heavyweight division placing four teeth. He would compete the following year in 1983 at NPC Nationals placing 18th in the heavyweight division at that show. And as you can see from these photos of Ivan Putski's bodybuilding career, you can tell he really didn't have the prettiest physique. But I was actually pretty impressed by the graininess and the hardness of his physique as well as the conditioning. And I think he actually had pretty impressive bicep peaks as well. He had that crazy short insertion on his bicep. I'm that created a really unique peak look to his bicep's. But overall not too successful as a bodybuilder far more successful in his pursuits as a strength athlete and a pro wrestler. But I still think it's pretty interesting and noteworthy that he would try pretty much every venue to test his strength and test his physique. Whether that be bodybuilding powerlifting, professional wrestling or the world strongest man. So I think that's a very impressive resume for a guy within this strength industry. Now Ivan Putski is still alive today at the age of 77 years old. As far as I know, following his professional wrestling career, he would work as a security guard up until his retirement. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and found it interesting. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and extra income power signing out. Thank you.

=== FILE: The Reincarnation of Arnold Schwarzenegger [WIqQI_E4WgI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Schennenpower, so in this video I want to draw some parallels between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Wesley Visters. If you don't know who Wesley Visters is, he's a classic physique body builder that recently turned pro in the IFBB. Just this past weekend he won his pro debut at the Chicago Pro qualifying him for the 2018 Classic Physic Minister Olympia. Now a lot of people like to compare Wesley's physique and his structure to the structure and physique of Arnold Schwarzenegger, but I think there's more parallels that can be drawn between Arnold and Wesley besides simply their physique and their posing. Now it is true that Wesley and Arnold do have very similar posing and very similar physique. If you look at this particular pose that was posted up on Instagram, I believe by Wesley himself, it's a side by side comparison of him and Arnold both hitting this kind of variation of the side chest. Now it's kind of a mix between the mantis pose and a side chest shot. I mean you got to admit they do look very, very comparable. Arnold does have a few stronger points in Wesley. Obviously Arnold has a better chest. Arnold has better biceps, but overall the structure and the way they hit the poses is extremely similar. But let's talk about some of the other similarities that Arnold and Wesley both have. So Arnold and Wesley are both immigrants, so it took them both a while to be able to come over to the US and compete in the IFBB. Obviously Arnold competed in the mid to late 60s winning several mystery universe titles during that time, but he wouldn't come over to compete in the Mr. Olympia until 1969, which was four years after the Mr. Olympia was started in 1965. Now as you know, the classic physique division at the Mr. Olympia just started back in 2016 and was won by Danny Hester, the following year in 2017 it was won by Breon Ainsley. So the 2018 classic physique Olympia that Wesley will be competing in is only the third classic physique Olympia ever. So both Wesley and Arnold kind of got in during the early era of their respective competitions Arnold got in the first you know, five years of the Mr. Olympia and Wesley is getting in the first three years of the Mr. Olympia classic physique. And again they both came from other countries to do so. Now another thing that I think the two of them have in common is that early on in Arnold's horse and<|zh|>'s career, he focused heavily on coming in big and full and around and he struggled in the early years, really trying to nail down that conditioning to where it needed to be. I'm trying to figure out kind of that sweet spot of being ripped but not too flat. And I think that was one of the main criticisms of Wesley at his Chicago Pro Day view was that his conditioning was a little bit off. So I think Wesley is still trying to figure out that sweet spot for classic physique. And really trying to figure out what kind of conditioning is going to work best for his physique in this classic physique division. Now another criticism of Arnold that I think Wesley also gets a lot is the size of his legs. Arnold always got criticized for having smaller legs in his upper body. I think that's one of the things that Wesley is constantly getting criticized for as well. But on the other hand, I think that's also one of the things that makes them have very similar physique. I mean when they hit the side pose that side chest mantis pose, the legs look almost identical in that pose. It's the upper body that Arnold has the advantage over Wesley. And I think the final comparison would be Wesley is probably not going to win his first Mr. Olympia shot. You got guys like Brion. You got guys like Chris Bumstead. You got guys like a Rod for Bar that are probably going to end up beating Wesley at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now personally the comparison that I want to see is Wesley versus Chris Bumstead because there's been some back and forth between the two of them on social media. So I can't wait to see that comparison to see how they look on stage next to each other. You can draw all the comparisons you want looking at photos. But we won't really know for sure until they're on stage next to each other. I mean these are two both very tall guys. They both have great structure. They both have a great physique for the classic physique division. No matter which guy you prefer, I think it's going to be a great comparison to see them on stage. So I think this is why a lot of people are so excited about Wesley of Visitors. He does have like a standout physique. He's a much taller guy than most of the other competitors. His physique really stands out on stage. It really kind of screams classic physique. In a lot of bodybuilding fans do see him as like the second coming of Arnold because there are so many similarities between both his physique and Arnold's career. That this could be an exciting thing for bodybuilding fans if Wesley is able to come in and figure out exactly what he needs to do for his physique to fit perfectly in that classic physique division. Make the improvements he needs to make. I'm going to start dominating in classic physique. I think people would be very excited to see that. And I do think there are many improvements he needs to make. But when he does make those improvements and come into his own, I think he could be a threat to winning the Mr. Olympia. And he could win the Mr. Olympia multiple times. But only time will tell. Personally, I think 2018 is Chris Bumsteadgeer. I think Chris Bumstead is going to win this 2018 Mr. Olympia. That's my prediction for the classic physique Olympia in 2018. I think Bumstead has an amazing physique. I think he's exactly where he needs to be in terms of knowing what his conditioning needs to look like. What his body needs to look like. What his weak points are. His back and his arms. He's been bringing both of those up. And I think 2018 will probably be Bumsteadgeer. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the comparisons between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Wesley Visters. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Triven Power signing out.

=== FILE: The Runner-Up at the First Two Olympias [AMx3JkpdzF0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So if they want to make a video about an old school body builder by the name of Harold Pool, now Harold Pool is a very interesting body builder for a number of reasons. Number one being the fact that he was the first African American IFB, Mr. American winner. And that was a big deal back in the day because he won that Mr. America back in 1964. And obviously that was over 50 years ago now. So racism back then was a little bit worse than it is now. Probably a lot worse than it is now. I'm back then the body building scene in the 50s and 60s was really pretty much dominated by white winners of these competitions. So Harold Pool was the first guy to kind of break that mold. So that was a very historic moment in body building history. But another thing that's very historic about Harold Pool is that Harold Pool was the first ever runner up at the Mr. Olympia competition. Obviously in 1965 being the first Mr. Olympia ever, he took runner up to Larry Scott. In 1966 he became runner up for the second time again to Larry Scott. In 1966 he also beat Sergio Aliva who took third in 66. And then the following year in 1967 he would compete in the Mr. Olympia competition again being beaten by Sergio Aliva and Chuck Sipes taking third at the 67 Olympia. So he's the only man to have competed in all three of the first three Mr. Olympias. In bear in mind that at that time being a two-time runner up at the Mr. Olympia that was a new record especially two consecutive years. The next guy that would be runner up two times at the Olympia would be Sergio Aliva. But it wouldn't be two consecutive years. It would be in 1970 and also in 1972 because Sergio Aliva was banned from competing at the 1971 Mr. Olympia. So I believe the next person to get two consecutive second place finishes two years in a row would be Muhammad McCaway in the 80s during the reign of Lee Haney. So make no mistake about it. Heropul was one of the best body builders to come out of the 1960s era of body building. During that period winning the title of Mr. America, the title of IAPV Mr. Universe, then in 1971 winning the title of IAPV Mr. USA. So this guy three-time runner up at the Mr. Olympia and then all three of the other biggest titles in body building, the University of America, the USA's, one, all of those as well. And then he would continue competing all the way up until 1982 where he placed ninth at the IAPV World Pro Championships. And then in 2004 he was inducted in the IAPV Hall of Fame. Now all of those major titles that I mentioned up until that point were titles that Heropul won during the prime of his body building career. But the interesting thing about Heropul is that as a teenager, he was arguably one of the best teen body builders of all time. In 1961, placing fourth at the Mr. America at the age of 17, and at that time the Mr. America was one of the biggest titles in body building next to the Mr. Universe. Obviously the Mr. Olympia wouldn't be around for another five years. So at the age of 17, placing fourth to some of the best grown man body builders in the sport was very impressive. So at the age of 18, Heropul was about 200 pounds on stage and five foot 10. He would win four titles that year at the age of 18. He would win the Mr. North America, the Mr. Chicago Park District, the Mr. Tri State, and the Mr. Northern Indiana. And then right before he graduated high school in 1962, he would compete in the Mr. America again as a high schooler taking second at the Mr. America and winning the most muscular award at the Mr. America. So three months after graduating high school, would be when he won that Mr. Universe title that I mentioned earlier. So another interesting thing here is that Mr. Universe that he won in 1963. He was 19 years old and he beat Larry Scott. So Larry Scott was the guy that would beat him at the Olympian when the first Olympia ever in 1965. But as a teenager, Heropul had beaten him. So that was a very interesting thing. And again, goes to speak to how great of a body builder Heropul really was for that era. So as I mentioned before, he was the first African American ever to hold the title of the IPPB, Mr. America. And when he won that title, he was 20 years old. So by the age of 20, he had already won at the Mr. America and the Mr. Universe as well as four other titles before ever even competing in the Mr. Olympia. And I would say as far as his physique goes, the probably most standout body part that he had was probably his arms. I mean, his arm development was insane for that period of time. It's particularly his biceps. Now obviously it would turn out that there would be no match for the arms of Larry Scott. But still, for that period of time, this guy had incredible arms. And unfortunately, Heropul passed away back in 2014 about four years ago now. So he's no longer with us and I wanted to make a video kind of dedicated to him. I think I mentioned him briefly way back when I had maybe 20,000 subscribers, but I wanted to make a video. I'm going into full detail about his bodybuilding career because he was really an incredible bodybuilder for that era. So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The Smallest Waist in Bodybuilding [S3vSZr8FGdw].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about a bodybuilder by the name of Brian Buchanan. Now there's so much talk today about guys with these big waste and bodybuilding. I don't think there's enough talk about guys that had the crazy small waste in bodybuilding. In my opinion, Brian Buchanan had proportionally the smallest waste in bodybuilding. So I'm not talking about in terms of sheer measurement in this smallest waste, even though he only had a 28 inch waste with an expanded chest of 57 inches, creating one of the greatest V-tapers ever. But proportionally, I don't think we've ever seen another bodybuilder that had a waste as small as he had with an upper body as big as he had, creating that waste to upper body ratio. That was just absolutely out of this world. Now if you want to talk about some of the greatest vacuum poses of all time, you've got to have Brian Buchanan in that conversation. Now granted Frank Zain had an amazing vacuum pose, but he didn't have nearly the upper body mass that Brian Buchanan had because not only did Brian Buchanan have this tiny waste, he was able to pull off an incredible vacuum pose. He had actually really big arms, really big chest, and pretty good lats as well to accompany this small waste. Creating possibly one of the greatest classic physics that we had ever seen. Now Brian Buchanan competed primarily in the 1980s, specifically he would hit his stride in the late 80s. Now unfortunately, we would only get the opportunity to see Brian Buchanan compete at the Mr. Olympia competition on two occasions in 1988 and 1989. So in 1988 he placed seventh at the Mr. Olympia in a 1989 he placed eighth, but 1988 I would say was his better of the two Olympia appearances, having what many would describe as the V-taper from hell. Probably the best V-taper on the Olympia stage, but really in terms of his overall impression on the Olympia he never did better than seventh, so that's probably why a lot of you guys have not heard of him. The reason why I think he didn't place very highly is because although he had this incredible upper body ratio, I don't think his legs were as good as the upper body, so I think his legs were certainly a lacking point, just in terms of overall size, but had he had bigger legs and maybe a little bit more overall muscle mass. You could have seen Brian Buchanan win a Mr. Olympia, but keep in mind during the time that he was competing at the Mr. Olympia in 1988 and 1989, these are both years that we would see Lee Haney win, and Lee Haney in my opinion was essentially just a bigger version of Brian Buchanan. I mean if you compare both Lee Haney and Brian Buchanan's front double-by-step with a vacuum pose, they look extremely similar, except for the fact that Lee Haney is just a little bit bigger than him. So when people say bodybuilding has a lot to do with illusion and creating this illusion of an X frame or a V-taper, I think Brian Buchanan was simply just the master of that. He was the embodiment of that illusion, having a waist of small as he did made his upper body look so much bigger, made his V-taper look that much crazier, and it even made his legs look bigger, despite the fact that they were actually not that big, having a waist that small going into the legs, made the legs look that much bigger. So despite the fact that Brian Buchanan did not have that much success within the IFB, he was very successful in the organization known as NABA, and as many of you already know NABA was basically the premier title and bodybuilding prior to the Mr. Olympia. The NABA Mr. Universe competition was the most sought after title prior to 1965, and Brian Buchanan would win that NABA Mr. Universe competition in 1984 prior to entering the IFBB, and then after leaving the IFBB, he would go back to NABA in 1995 and win the NABA Universe again. And then three years later he would come back to the IFB in 1998, placing 13th at the night of champions, then placing 9th at the Toronto Pro-Invitational. So I just wanted to share that with you guys. I'm sure a lot of people are getting tired of people talking about the biggest guts and bodybuilding today, and rather it'd be interesting to focus on one of the smallest guts of all time, or one of the smallest waist, you can't even call it a gut. You didn't have any type of gut whatsoever, one of the smallest waist of all time. So let me know what you guys thought about the video in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it, Nick Strengthen Power, signing out.

=== FILE: The Voice of Bodybuilding [_uy99gdH7uc].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Land on Power so today I want to make a video about a bodybuilder by the name of Bob Chickerolo. Now a lot of you guys might recognize that name because Bob Chickerolo is essentially the voice of bodybuilding. I mean this is the guy that MCs the Mr. Olympia. He does the interview with Arnold the day after the Arnold Classic, the breakfast with the champions. He was the host of one of the earliest bodybuilding radio shows pro bodybuilding weekly which he hosted with Dan Solomon. He's appeared on multiple TV shows including Malcolm in the middle American gladiators because in the movie Dodgeball he travels the world doing seminars and MCs shows. I think he's just a really good ambassador for the sport of bodybuilding. I would say if there's one pro bodybuilder that's out there doing something that I would consider to be the closest to what I want to do within bodybuilding. I think Bob Chickerolo would be that guy. I mean he's doing pretty much everything he can to be the voice of bodybuilding, to be an ambassador for bodybuilding, to represent bodybuilding, to provide a face for bodybuilding. I mean this guy, he wears the crazy fancy suits. He does the press conference at the Olympia. He asks all the tough questions. He gets, you know, the rival Reese going, he gets the drama going. He MCs the Olympia. He's commentated the Olympia. I mean this guy is literally the voice of bodybuilding and I have a lot of respect for what he does and what he has done for the sport of bodybuilding. I think what a lot of people might not know is he was actually a pro bodybuilder in the early 2000s. I mean actually had a pretty short live professional career. So while a lot of people might think of Bob Chickerolo's, you know, the guy in the funny suit, the guy in the fancy suit, saying something funny at the Mr. Olympia, he actually was a pro bodybuilder starting in 2001. He won the NPC USA's. He won the super heavyweight category and then he won the overall and he would go on to compete until 2006. So I would say out of all his competitive years, I think 2002 was the year he looked his best placing second at the night of champions, which is like the third biggest show in bodybuilding at the time. It would become New York pro later on. But in 2002 that second place at the night of champions, I think was a very big deal for Bob Chickerolo. I think that was one of the better physics that he brought to a pro stage. And not only that, but the fact that he took second to Marcus Rul, I made a video about this before 2002, night of champions, Marcus Rul. I feel was Marcus Rul's best physique that he ever brought to a pro stage ever. I mean, he just looked hands down just the freakyest bodybuilder I had ever seen. 2002 Marcus Rul is crazy. So it's not like Bob Chickerolo took second to some nobody. He took second to probably one of the freakyest versions of Marcus Rul ever. And that's a very impressive feat. And he beat guys like Garam Charles Craig, Titus Paul, the Let Tom Prince Gustavo Badell, Mustafa Muhammad. I mean, he beat a lot of top guys that were top guys in the 90s or would go on to be top guys later on in the 2000s like Gustavo Badell. So that was actually a pretty impressive line of the Bob Chickerolo took second in. And that same year he would have a top five finish at the Toronto pro and he would have another second place finish at the 2002 Southwest Pro Cup. And from that point on, he was pretty much outside of the top six. The 2006 night of champions in placing would drop to six place in 2004 Arnold Classic. He got 11th. Eighth had the 2004 Iron Man. Eighth had the New York Pro in 2005, ninth at the San Francisco Pro in 2005. Then in 2006 he had win the Master's Pro World Cup, which actually qualified him to compete in the 2006 Olympia. But it was at that point that he made the decision not to compete. And instead become the host of the Mr Olympia and MC the Mr Olympia rather than being a competitor. So 2006 was where he made the leap from being a competitive bodybuilder to becoming the voice of bodybuilding. So all said and done he only competed as a pro from 2001 to 2006. So a very short five-year career as a pro. But I think with the direction that his play seems were headed, he went the right route with it and you know, becoming a voice in a face for bodybuilding. It was a much more lucrative move for him. And it's something he's much better at. I think he's got a great voice. I think he's got great humor. He's got great commentary. He's got great things to say. I mean he's a very personable guy it seems like. So I just wanted to make a video giving Bob Chickerolo some props from his years as a pro. Because I'm sure a lot of the younger guys that are watching this video weren't following bodybuilding back then are weren't around. And don't know much about Bob Chickerolo's past. I mean if you guys are like teenagers or in high school and you're following bodybuilding now, probably the only thing you know about Bob Chickerolo is he's the host of the Olympia. He's the guy with the funny suits. So I wanted to kind of give you guys a little bit more background and perspective on who Bob Chickerolo was. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink of power signing out.

=== FILE: The best Bodybuilder DIDN'T win this Olympia [3R5SnzU8qmM].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Shondra Power. So I'm going to make a video about the body builder, Nasser Elson body, and why I feel that he is truly an uncrowned Mr. Olympia. So I just want to preface this video by saying that Nasser has passed away in 2013 at the age of 47, so he's no longer with us, but his primary competitive career was in the 1990s. So during the 1990s, Nasser was a certified mass monster weighing on stage between 270 pounds and 290 pounds, or between 120 and 130 kilograms, and in the off season he was said to get as heavy as 330 pounds, or 150 kilograms. So that is a massive body builder, even by today's standards. You know, big Romney being one of the biggest guys in bodybuilding history weighing up to 350 pounds in the off season, Nasser was doing that 20 years ago. So I think that really speaks to how insane of a physique Nasser Elson body really had, especially for the 1990s, and the era that he was competing. And keep in mind, this was during the era of Dorian Yates, and primarily before the era of Ronnie Coleman. So no one had really seen a physique like this, aside from the physique that Dorian Yates brought. And even then, Nasser was much bigger than Dorian Yates at a height of 5 foot 11, and the weight that he came in. He was still, you know, significantly bigger than Dorian. And many people had argued that Dorian was the one that really ushered in the era of the mass monster, Dorian being the first guy to really bring that freaky, granite hard physique, with that crazy amount of muscular development. I mean, Nasser is still, you know, in a lot of people's opinions, I was more impressive and bigger than Dorian. So honestly, I think Nasser was on the fast track to winning the Mr. Olympia during the mid to late 90s. So in 95 and 96, he placed third, both of those years at the Mr. Olympia, obviously both of those years over years at Dorian Yates won the Olympia. And then in 1997, his arguably his most noteworthy Olympia appearance were a lot of people felt, including myself, that he looks significantly better than Dorian Yates in pretty much every shot. I don't think there's a whole lot of body building fans out there that would argue that Nasser probably deserved to win that 1997 Mr. Olympia. I mean, in the history of Mr. Olympia, aside from the 1980 Olympia, 1997, we'll probably go down in history as one of the most controversial of all time. Just looking at any given picture, you know, definitely the front double bicep pose was a dead giveaway for where Nasser was certainly exceeding what Dorian Yates brought to the stage. But the thing that really set Nasser apart was not only was he a certified mass monster with his overall height, weight and muscular development on stage. He also had a very small waist. His abs were always very well developed, crazy shoulders. And he was very proportionate as well. Now Nasser had a 16 year professional career placing third in 33 pro shows and winning six pro shows, including the 1999 Arnold Classic, one of the most prestigious titles in body building. So we're talking about a guy that was a top three finisher as the Olympia three years in a row, one of the years being a second place finish. And then shortly after that, winning the second biggest show in body building. So if those facts alone don't make him an uncrown Mr. Olympia, I don't know what does. So let's jump back to the 1997 Mr. Olympia first second because I feel like this is the particular Olympia that made him the uncrown Mr. Olympia of the 90s. At this particular Olympia, Dorian Yates was significantly off. He had a big waist. He had a torn up left bicep, a freshly torn left triceps and apparently two quad tears. And then you had a near perfect Nasser else in body placing second to Dorian Yates with a better waist obviously, much better biceps, much better arms overall. And I would argue you had significantly better conditioning than Dorian as well. Now according to Nasser in the 1997 Mr. Olympia, there were apparently some judges that even scored Dorian Yates and third and even fourth place. There were 13 official judges, but only seven scores were used. And those judges that judge him very lowly, their scores were actually thrown out and then they were removed from the judging panel. Because according to Nasser, that was not the result that was expected for them to produce Dorian was supposed to be the winner and that's why those scores were thrown out again according to Nasser. And this is something that I don't really think is that far fetch because Nasser did look pretty superior to Dorian Yates and I would argue that Dorian Yates probably is worse that he's looked on stage. So Nasser and many other bodybuilding fans believe Nasser was robbed. And the reason for this, the political reason you would say, will be the fact that Nasser was so outspoken and he did not brown nose with the IFB. He would say what's on his mind, he would talk openly about drugs, whether it be Simphal, you know, steroids, growth hormone, whatever it was, Nasser was very, very open about all this. I mean, it's very, very opinionated guy, oftentimes saying things that were not very flattering to the IFB or flattering to bodybuilding in general. I mean, for that reason, he believes he was robbed in 1997 and the powers that be simply did not want him to win. So Nasser's next opportunity to win the Mr. Olympia would be the following year in 1998. Now unfortunately for Nasser, this was the year that Ronnie Coleman came out of almost nowhere to win that Olympia for the first time and then begin the era of Ronnie Coleman. So in 1997, the Olympia that we're talking about of Dorian versus Nasser, Ronnie Coleman wasn't even really on the radar as being a potential Mr. Olympia winner. Ronnie Coleman plays ninth at the 1997 Mr. Olympia and would then move up eight places in one year to win the 1998 Mr. Olympia. Then after Ronnie won as we all know, this is one of the most dominant, if not the most dominant reigns of a Mr. Olympia champion of all time. And at that point, Nasser also embodies chances of becoming Mr. Olympia would be squashed by Ronnie Coleman. So after placing third at the 1998 Olympia to Ronnie Coleman and then flex Wheeler in second, Nasser's placing that the Olympia would slowly drop the following year in 1999 to six place. Then all the way to his final Olympia appearance in 2002, where he would place 15th, then he would do a couple shows in 2004 and 2005, placing 15th and 14th at those shows and really looking way off the mark. That would pretty much be the end of Nasser's career. But even if Nasser had won that 1997 Mr. Olympia, I believe it would have been a one-off Mr. Olympia win. He would have only won one time. Because as we all know in 1998, many people would argue that his one of Ronnie Coleman's best looks ever at the Mr. Olympia. So I think no matter what, Nasser was not destined to win that 1998 Mr. Olympia and from that point forward, the reign of Ronnie Coleman, you can't really argue with that. But I strongly feel that 1997 was Nasser's year. He should have won that Mr. Olympia. I'm curious to know what you guys think. So let me know in the comment section below who you think should have won the 1997 Mr. Olympia. Please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next rank the power. signing out.

=== FILE: The man who invented the Bench Press [Lm0I_HgP0ME].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time Empower. So I've got a pretty good body building history video for you guys today. So in this video we're going to throw it all the way back to the 1800s and talk about a guy by the name of George Hackensmith. So you talk about guys like Eugene Sandow that were true pioneers in body building. Now George Hackensmith was a true pioneer of strength sports, and particularly some of the exercises that we heavily utilize today, including the bench press and the Hack squat. So obviously the Hack squat named after Hackensmith. So the Hack squat as many of you may or may not know, it kind of looks like a variation of the deadlift where you have the bar placed behind your hamstrings and you're lifting it off the ground. And this was really first patented by George Hackensmith. Now another interesting thing about George Hackensmith is you was one of the earliest professional wrestlers, wrestling in a total of over 3000 professional wrestling matches and claiming he won every single one of them. Now another interesting fact here is George Hackensmith says in his book The Way to Live that he actually devised the word Hack squat from his own last name, the first part of it, the word Hack, which apparently originally came from and meant heel. So in the Hack squat, obviously the bar is starting at your heel. So that is where the name Hack squat came from. And there's also a speculation for you wrestling fans out there. You know the bad guy in pro wrestling is known as the heel and the good guy is known as the baby face. So some people say that the whole origin of heel meaning bad guy and professional wrestling actually came from George Hackensmith being a professional wrestler. Now probably the more well known lift that George Hackensmith is associated with beginning is the bench press. So some people might argue that there were rough versions of a bench press dating back to the Greco Roman times, which was really more kind of weighted pushups and focusing on chest exercises. But George Hackensmith was the first person to lay down with a barbell and press it over his chest. And it actually started out as a floor press. So he didn't lay on a bench. He laid flat on the floor and I'm going to press a barbell and he actually pressed 350 pounds the first time that he ever did that. And that's what really kick started the popularity of the bench press becoming what it is today. I'm there with obviously evolved to not just pressing from the floor but develop benches to bench press. And that's where the bench press movement really started with a George Hackensmith. Now naturally being a pioneer of the body building and you know really more powerlifting in the world over the course of his career. He set a lot of world records at the time and certain lifts. Most of the time being very obscure lifts including a 243 pound overhead press. Which he would actually improve upon and eventually overhead press 275 pounds, which again, we're talking about 1898 when he did this. So at the time that is a very impressive feat of strength. Now earlier in this video, I mentioned Eugene Sandow, who obviously is credited as holding the first ever body building competition. And he's also the man featured on the Mr. Olympia trophy, the Sandow trophy. Now the reason that's relevant is not only were they both pioneers of strength sports and body building, but they both competed around the same era. So as far as Feets of Strength go, Eugene Sandow was probably most well known for his one-handed overhead press. Now Eugene Sandow's record was 116 kilograms, one-handed press, which is the equivalent of about 225 pounds, and George Hackensman actually beat this record in 1899, where they 268.91 handed overhead press, or about 122 kilograms. So not only was Hackensman an innovator in terms of all these different movements that we still used today, and also a pretty impressive pro wrestler. But for that era, this guy was insanely strong. In fact, he was world record strong in most of his lifts. In fact, when he invented a hack squat, that became a world record. Number one, because it was the first hack squat. Number two, it was 187 pounds behind his back with bent knees. The first ever hack squat, that was a world record as well. And he would go on to claim multiple world records and various different lifts. A lot of obscure different things. But overall, this guy was a legend of Strength Sports. And even though this guy was competing and setting many of these world records back in the 1800s, he actually lived an extremely long life, and actually didn't pass away until 1968 at the age of 90 years old. I thought this would be a fascinating topic for a video. Number one, because this guy is an absolute legend. In number two, because this guy invented the bench press, man. I mean, this is a major milestone in Strength Sports history and bodybuilding history. Just in physical culture history, in general, the bench press is probably the most well-known of all the lifts. Typically, if you're a big muscular guy and you got in public and someone comes up to you, what is the question they're most likely to ask you? How much you bench? So George Hackensmith is the reason for that. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give a thumbs up if you did enjoy it, an strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: The most overlooked bodybuilder of 2018？ [Hl65mJw7Yl8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Newt here with Nick's on the Power. So probably one of the most requested topics after the 2018 New York Pro was for me to make a video on Raphael Brandel placing sixth. So I definitely listened to your guys' feedback and I definitely pay attention to your comments. I've been seeing this comment over and over again. That Raphael got overlooked. So I went back and I looked at some of the HD videos and pictures from the show. So to look at Raphael's physique again because I think I overlooked him as well. Now just based on the callouts they always had Raphael towards the end and he was never really in the middle and for that reason my attention was mostly focused on the inner four guys which obviously you had Juan Morel and Nathan Deasht at Dead Center basically those two were the two favorites to win and Nathan Deasht would end up winning and of course you had Josh Wade and Justin Rodriguez and third and fourth. So those were the main guys I was looking at and Raphael Brando number one the fact that he wasn't really a big name in this show compared to some of the other guys and he wasn't really a well-known guy compared to some of the other guys combined with the fact that again he was really on the outside of these callouts. He didn't really have too much of my attention but after looking back at the photos I do agree with a lot of the fan comments that I've seen on my videos. Raphael Brando I do think he was possibly overlooked at this show. Now Raphael is a Brazilian body builder and obviously there is a tremendous fan base in Brazil for body building. And I see a lot of comments from Brazilian fans and I definitely respect those comments and I definitely want to make a video about this because people seem to feel very strongly that he did deserve a higher placing. And after looking back at the photos I tend to agree with this myself. So Raphael Brando I really wasn't a question of size. It was really a question of being very aesthetic, having a small waste. I'm in having conditioning that in many regards was superior to many of the other body builders on stage. One of the biggest criticisms of the 2018 New York Pro lineup has been that the conditioning was subpar and amongst the lineup of guys that seem to have subpar conditioning, Raphael Brando did have very impressive conditioning. And it was also a matter of structure. Like I said a lot of these guys had a little bit bigger waste than they probably should have. And Raphael had a very tapered waste, very tapered and aesthetic physique. I think placing sixth was a mistake. I'm merely because the guy that took fifth was John Delorosa in my opinion out of the top six guys. And this isn't a personal knock on John Delorosa. But I do feel the out of the top six guys. John had probably the worst conditioning out of anyone in the top six. And I think for that reason I think him and Raphael should have switched placings. But I think there could have been politics that played into this. Again, John Delorosa is from New York. This was held in New York. John Delorosa is a very well-known bodybuilder. He's very well-publicized. Raphael Brando is not. So I do think Raphael should have been fifth. But the argument that he should have won the show, I don't necessarily agree with. I mean, he did have good structure, very good conditioning. But I don't think he had the size yet to compete with a guy like Nathan Deasha or a guy like one, Monroe. And size certainly isn't everything in bodybuilding. But it is a lot. It does count for a lot. When you have a guy with the freakingest in the size of Nathan Deasha, even though a lot of people would say his conditioning was a little bit off. A guy like Nathan Deasha is going to rightfully beat a guy like Raphael Brando. Unless Nathan Deasha comes in completely off, which I don't think he did. I will agree that conditioning was less than it should have been. But I don't think you can say that he was off. I mean, Nathan Deasha was on for the show. Compared to previous versions of Nathan Deasha, I think he looked very good. I think he deserved the win. And overall, it was a fair win. And I think you could even make an argument for Raphael placing his highest fourth and beating a guy like Josh Wade, who I don't think has as good of a structure as a guy like Raphael. And Josh Wade did have very good conditioning. And I think that's a big factor on why he placed top four. But I do certainly think it's possible that Raphael was one of the most overlooked guys in this New York pro lineup. And we could have seen him much higher. So I do agree with you guys. I agree with the fans on this. Raphael was overlooked. And it certainly does weren't making a video on this. So let me know in the comment section below any other video ideas or any video topics that you guys want me to cover. I'll be happy to look into those and I'll be happy to make videos that you guys request. Because I want you guys to keep in mind, you guys the fans are what keeps this channel going. I make content that you guys request that you guys want to see. So if there's something that you want me to cover, make sure you comment that in the comment section below. And I will do my best to get to everything that I can get to. In many cases, people will request videos that I've already done. Keep in mind, I have 1,300 or 1,400 videos on this channel. So I've done videos on a lot of different bodybuilding topics. So make sure you check those out before you make a comment and request a topic because I might have already done it. But I hope you guys are enjoying this channel. Please subscribe if you haven't subscribed already and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: The next big star in Bodybuilding [MkNukm82MQY].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder that recently competed in the 2018 Indie Pro. And I think this is a guy that's going to be definitely somebody that we need to be watching out for in the pro ranks because this guy looks fantastic at the Indie Pro. So this bodybuilder's name is Charles Griffin. Now Charles Griffin only very recently turned pro back in 2015 after winning the NPC Nationals where he earned his pro card. And since then, to my knowledge, he's only competed three times as a pro at the 2016 Frigno Legacy where he placed fifth. The 2017 Muscle Mayhem pro where he placed second. And most recently, just a week ago, the 2018 Indie pro where he placed second as well. And I've got to say he looked absolutely phenomenal at the Indie pro. And honestly, I was sitting a couple rows back from the front of the stage. I was like man, when he came out, I was like, this guy looks incredible. I don't even know who this guy was going into it. I'll be also with you guys. This guy was not on my radar at all going into this Indie Pro show. And he looked fantastic. I got to give this guy mad props. His conditioning, his structure, his muscle bellies. In particular, when he came out and hit that front double bicep, I think a lot of people in the audience were just like, wow, this guy is really good. I mean, you guys can see in the video of him posing that I shot here. When he turned around from the back, this guy is crazy sharp and crazy condition from the back. From the front, this condition is pretty good as well. But when he turned around from the back, man, arguably one of the most conditioned backs on stage, Steve Kouklo, who won the show. He looked phenomenal. But Charles Griffin was really pushing him in my opinion. And again, for me, he just kind of came out of nowhere. But he looked that good. He certainly deserved that second place spot. This guy looked just incredible. So while he might not be a guy that's ready to do some serious damage to the Olympia, some of these shows like the New York Pro, the Arnold Classic, this is a guy to be looking out for man. This is going to be a top six guy, if he does a show like the New York Pro. This is going to be a potentially top six guy, if he does a show like the Arnold Classic. This guy is really good. Now my only critique of Charles Griffin would probably be his legs a little bit, both from the front and the back. I think they could use a little bit more separation, especially in the quads. And then a little bit more conditioning through the hamstrings and glutes. But other than that man, I mean, his front double bicep is probably one of the strongest front double biceps in the pro ranks right now. I mean, his arms are certainly a strong point. I think his back is certainly a very, very strong point. He's got a great V-Taper, just a really great, small waist. Now honestly, if you look back to 2017 when he did this muscle mayhem competition, he played second to Victor Martinez at that show. And actually, you could have made a strong argument that Charles could have beat Victor back in 2017 and had he done so. He would have qualified for the Olympia and we could have seen how he did in a lineup of the best guys in the world. But as of so far, we have not seen that comparison. We have not had the opportunity to see him on stage with some of the best in the world to see how he compares. And personally, I think he's going to compare very well when he does make it. I think he may have also done a couple other shows sprinkled in there where he plays within the top five. I think the Chicago pro may be 2017 he plays to fourth. But the point remains the same. I mean, this is a guy that hasn't really been on anybody's radar. And I think he definitely needs to be because this guy is very impressive and he is certainly coming for some of these bigger shows. So this is going to be a guy that we're going to see a lot from I feel like in the future. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Charles Griffin. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Tom Platz Squatting 365lbs for reps at age 62 [GfoYwIj_Ar8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's front of the power. So I don't want to make a video about Tom Platt's aka the Quadfather. Now specifically, I wanted to talk about the fact that Tom Platt's is currently 62 years old and within the past year he has uploaded a video where he is still squatting 365 pounds for reps, specifically 5 reps in this video that you're watching right now. Now as many of you already know Tom Platt was known during his bodybuilding career for having some of the best legs in bodybuilding, specifically his quads and his hamstrings, and a lot of that was due to the fact that he was famous for these intense squat workouts that he would do and his leg training intensity was about his famous SS actual leg development overall. So Tom Platt's competed primarily in the 1980s pretty much after the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger. His first Mr. Olympia ever being in 1979 and he would place 8th at that very first Mr. Olympia. And every Olympia he would compete at except for 1986 he would place within the top 10. But Tom Platt's is most note worthy Mr. Olympia appearance out of all the appearances that he made. Well, being in 1981 Mr. Olympia where he would place 3rd and many people felt this was a very controversial decision. Specifically the fact that Franco Columbo was making his comeback to the Olympia stage this year, a friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Arnold Schwarzenegger was one of the promoters of the 1981 Mr. Olympia and he had been a promoter of the Olympia all throughout the late 70s. So everyone was already very skeptical going into the 1981 Mr. Olympia before they even saw what Franco looked like. Number one, the fact that his best friend Arnold was the promoter of the show. Number two, the fact that Franco hadn't won the Olympia since 1976, five years prior. And number three, the fact that Franco's leg was badly injured back in 1977 when he competed at the World Strongest Man. So not only did we have Franco going into this show as the favorite because the promoter was Arnold, but we also had Franco going into this show after a long hiatus from the sport and after injuring his leg very, very badly. So what we would see in 1981 is arguably one of the best Tom Platt's as we had ever seen in place third at the Olympia to a significantly off-franco columbo and a second place finisher, Chris Dickerson. So a lot of body-building fans felt that Tom Platt was robbed that year if not placing third, he should have at least been second. And most people would agree that he probably could have won that show. Now in addition to the notorious 1981 Mr. Olympia Tom Platt's, like I mentioned, was known for his crazy squat workouts and not just the fact that the intensity was crazy, but also the fact that the weight was crazy as well. In fact at one point in his career, he did a squat competition versus Fred Hatfield where he squatted 525 pounds or 2308 kilograms for a total of 23 reps. So as it relates to lower body development in general in the sport of body-building Tom Platt's, arguably had the most iconic set of legs we had ever seen in body-building up until recent years. Arguably, one of the most iconic work ethics in terms of leg workouts in the gym and squatting that we had ever seen in body-building. It's just really refreshing to see that at the age of 62, a guy like Tom Platt who was known for these crazy feats of strength when he was in his heyday 40 years ago can still squat more than most normal people can squat for 5 reps. I mean, 365 for 5 reps is still a very impressive squat regardless of your age. I'm 24 years old and I'd be really happy to squat 365 for 5. So the moral of the story is Tom Platt's is still got it and I'm very happy to see that. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength and Power signing out.

=== FILE: Top 10 Strongest High Schoolers 2018 [Ht48Akyphpg].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I thought a topic that you guys might enjoy is the top 10 strongest high school athletes in America by weight class. Now the reason I thought you guys would be interested in this is that I know a lot of my followers aren't high school are younger guys. And one of the questions that I get a lot on Instagram or in my comments section seems to be, I'm in high school, I'm 16, I'm 17 or whatever. I can bench press this much, I can squat this much, am I doing good, am I strong, am I on track? How do I compare to other people that you've seen in terms of strength for a high schooler? And this is a question that I always wondered back when I was in high school as well. I could bench press so much, I could develop so much, you know, how am I doing compared to other high schoolers? So it seems like USA weightlifting had that question in the back of their mind as well because this year they did a 2018 search for the 10 strongest high school athletes in America and again it was done by weight class, ranging from a hundred and nineteen pound weight class to two hundred and thirty eight pound weight class. And what they did was they opened this competition up to anyone that could upload a video of them bench pressing, squatting, and power cleaning. The videos were then reviewed by USA weightlifting's team to confirm that the lifts were in fact legitimate and the videos hadn't been tampered with anyway, I'm going to make sure everything was legit. So the results for this competition came in from 40 schools and 20 different states and they had results for both the males and the females. So a lot of you guys that had this question of how strong am I, you know, I'm in high school, I'm doing this, I'm doing that. I thought this would provide a good frame of reference for you guys to compare yourselves to these weight classes and the weights that these people are moving on this top 10 list. So I'm going to go ahead and read the results from the lightest weight class, the heaviest weight class, and then the weight class that I feel was the most impressive in terms of the lifts. Obviously you guys can read the rest of the lifts in terms of the other weight classes if you want to compare it to those. So for the men, you had a Hayden flinders from Utah weighing a hundred and nineteen pounds, bench pressing a hundred and ten is max squat being 240 and is max power clean being a hundred and eighty five. Now the heaviest guy, Jacob Kaplan, in the 238 plus pound division, bench pressing 385 pounds, squatting five hundred and eighty five pounds and power cleaning three hundred pounds. Now in my opinion, the most impressive numbers on this lift are going to be in the one hundred and ninety nine pound weight category. That would be Jake Zauer from Minnesota. So this guy had a three hundred and forty five pound bench press, a five hundred and twenty pound squat, and a two hundred and eighty five pound power clean. So next I'm going to go through the girls division really quick, so for the lightest division, you had Mariah Montereau from California in the one hundred and one pound weight category, bench pressing sixty five pounds, squatting a hundred and five and power clean with fifty five pounds. And in the heaviest weight category, you have to name a claim from Florida in the one hundred and ninety nine plus pound weight category, bench pressing two thirty five, squatting two forty five and power cleaning a hundred and ninety pounds. Now the most impressive I feel on this lift is going to be Olivia Reeves in the one thirty nine weight category, benching a hundred and fifty five pounds, squatting three hundred and fifteen pounds, and power cleaning two hundred and twenty pounds. I think that's extremely impressive for a girl or really for anybody that weighs a hundred and thirty nine pounds. So there you guys have it, that is USA weight lifting, top ten list of the strongest boys and girls in high school in America. I think the list could have been a little bit more comprehensive and it could have had more schools and more entries. Hopefully as this competition goes on in future years, they have more entries and we can have a better representation of how strong American high schoolers are. But I think for now, this gives you guys a pretty good starting point of a frame of reference to see how you compare against other high schoolers your age and your weight. So let me know in the comment section below. If you're in high school, how you compare, please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out. Thank you.

=== FILE: Top 5 Freakiest Bodybuilders that don't Compete [_0mk9KaN4ro].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power. So this video is going to be the top five freakyest body builders that no longer can compete and are simply known for the freaky pictures they post on social media. And that is essentially what they do. Now coming in at number five on the list we have a body builder by the name of Soran Fowby aka the Viking. So Soran Fowby is 184 centimeters tall or approximately 6 foot 1 and his weight is about 130 kilograms or 286 pounds and Soran has not competed since 2015. But he has been able to amass a massive following on social media specifically Instagram just due to the sheer size of him in particular his arms. Now there has been speculation about both synth all use and Photoshop in regards to his arms. But either way this guy is arguably one of the freakyest body builders that we don't see on the competitive stage. So coming in at number four we have the massive body builder Craig Goliath. Now Craig is well known for his out-angling game many of his photos he out-angles pro-body builders. I mean his biggest Craig Goliath is over 310 pounds or 140.6 kilograms standing at a height of 6 foot 3 inches tall or 190.5 centimeters. Now we have not seen Craig Goliath on stage since approximately 2010. But in many of his photos Craig appears to be bigger than many pro-body builders specifically his arms seemingly bigger than almost any of the pros arms today. Now self admittedly Craig uses the angles to his advantage to make himself look bigger and call himself the king about angling. But either way this guy has a massed a giant following just on the sheer size of his arms and his angle game alone. Now coming in at number three we have a body builder that goes by mooky black on Instagram so mooky black is actually a pretty big body builder. I mean he competed as recently as 2013 in the heavyweight division in the NPC. But recently he's been exploding on Instagram. Primarily due to the obvious use of synth all in his arms. Standing at only 5 foot 9 inches tall or approximately 1709 centimeters. Mooky black weighs an impressive 315 pounds in the off-season and 275 pounds in contest and he is quickly becoming a rising social media star because of the freak factor of his physique alone and again the obvious use of sight enhancement oil. Now coming in at number two spot we have a body builder known as Carlito XXL. Now Carlito is widely referred to as one of the most vascular body builders of all time specifically one of the most vascular amateur body builders ever. I mean he has not competed since 2014's almost four years since he's been on a body building stage but he currently has an Instagram following of over 101,000 followers due to his sheer vascularity and freakingness of his physique and again the size of his arms. Now I must admit even though in some photos there's obvious Photoshop and extreme filtering despite all that he does have a very impressive physique and he is crazy vascular so that makes him number two on the list of the most freaky body builders to no longer compete in body building. Now coming in at number one we have a body builder who in my opinion from a size standpoint is the most impressive of all the body builders on this list to not compete and that is Martin Ford who stands at a height of six foot eight inches tall or two hundred and three centimeters weighing an impressive three hundred and ten plus pounds or 140.6 kilograms. Now I know Martin has become huge on social media he's also been involved in some acting gigs but I've actually never seen him on a body building stage so if he has ever competed it's been that long ago that I've never even heard of it. So I think both from a size standpoint in the sheer amount of notoriety that this guy has I think is arguably one of the most well known guys on this list from being associated with the 5% crew and just the fact that he's massive makes him one of the freaky his body builders to never compete on a body building stage just because of the fact that he's taller than probably any body builder that has ever stepped on an IFPB pro stage. And arguably probably heavier than 99% of all body builders to have ever stepped on a but IFPB pro stage at over three hundred and ten pounds in shredded condition. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys thought of the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next time you can power signing out.

=== FILE: Top 5 Most Ripped Bodybuilders Ever [KPvR_exB-yo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I'm going to make a list of my top five most shredded body builders in the history of body building, including some guys that had conditioning that was so good, it would change the course of body building history. So let's get right into it. So coming in at number five, you have Frank Zane. Now in my opinion, you really can't have a top five list of most shredded body builders without including Frank Zane because Frank Zane was one of the first guys to really do this. I'm in come in much smaller than the other guys, but as conditioning was so damn good that he would beat guys much bigger than himself, case in point back in 1968, Frank Zane defeated a young but very big Arnold Schwarzenegger at the 1968 Mystery Universe competition and the reason for that was because he was so much better condition than Arnold. And that made Frank Zane one of only three men to ever defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger on a body building stage. Now Frank Zane only weighed roughly a hundred and ninety pounds on stage and is conditioning and aesthetics really raised the bar for the other competitors to come in with that much better conditioning. I'm going to have crazier lines and crazier aesthetics and better posing. So Frank Zane really set the bar high for these other guys because his conditioning was that good. And of course Frank Zane won the Mystery Olympia competition from 1976 to 1979 making him a three time Mystery Olympia winner giving him conditioning that was the best in the world three times. Now coming in at number four we have Rich Gospari. Now I have Rich Gospari on this list because he was the first guy ever to have striated glutes on a body building stage and he was the guy that set the bar higher than anybody else because up until that point striated glutes weren't even a thing in body building. They were barely even judged. But when he came along with those shredded glutes he really made that you know a new judging point in body building. If you were to be conditioned your glutes had to be conditioned as well. So here's really the one that set that standard. Of course he won the 1989 first ever Arnold Classic in Columbus Ohio. And of course he was the multiple time runner up at the Olympia and the training partner to Mr. Olympia Le Haney. And even though Rich was a much smaller guy than many of the other body builders on stage he was often much better conditioned than some of these guys he was beating on the Olympia stage and that's why he comes in at number four on this list. So coming in at number three I have a body builder that I'm sure a lot of you guys probably haven't heard of but you might have seen this picture of him. So Alejandro Gali this is a body builder that I think has one of the most impressive photos in the history of body building. This photo of him in particular is probably one of the freakyest and most insane body building pictures I have ever seen. So it's a shot of him on stage from the back. You can see the shredded lower back, the Christmas tree in the lower back, how conditioned the lats are but in particular how shredded his glutes are man. I mean this guy looks insanely shredded on stage. And in my opinion this is a back shot that I don't think anybody else will ever replicate in terms of freakiness and conditioning. I mean this will go down in history is one of the most iconic body building photos Mark my works Alejandro Gali has won the 2013 and 2012 Arnold Classic amateur overall titles. And prior to that he competed primarily in the WABBA body building organization. So even though he's not that well known and he doesn't compete in the I. B. B. I just think it's certainly worthy of having him on this list due to this one photo alone because his conditioning from the back arguably one of the most conditioned body builders from the back that you know has ever been seen in history particularly with these photos. So coming in the number two spot we have a body but our name Helmet Streville and I've done a video on him in the past. And this guy some of the photos of him I think is this is like the lowest body fat percentage I've ever seen on a human being. I mean this guy while he doesn't have that much muscle mass he's 6 foot 3 and roughly 215 pounds. This guy's one of the most shredded guys I've ever seen in my life. I mean like zero body fat on this guy's frame. So this guy is an Austrian body builder. He's a former winner of the Mr. Austria competition and he's been competing in body building since 1995. He's currently more active as a fitness model now. But he competed as recently as the 2014 Miami Pro World Championships which he won and he primarily competes in the master's division when he competes in any shows now in the 40 plus category. So he has been body building for about 25 plus years now but he now focuses more on fitness modeling and showing off that freaky conditioning. So coming in the number one spot I think you have to have on Dreyus Muncer. Now on Dreyus Muncer is a guy obviously probably the most well known guy in the IFPB for his conditioning arguably one of the most conditioned guys in the history of the IFPB. And the reason I have him in number one is because I believe his extreme condition was the reason he died. So he was so dedicated to coming in with that crazy freaky conditioning. He did it to the point where it actually ended his life. So a lot of people will speculate that in 1996 when he passed away the main cause of death was the abuse of dioretics which is the primary agent responsible for that crazy shredded look that paper thin skin. I'm getting that last minute waterway out of the way. And on Dreyus is probably the biggest body builder on this list in terms of a guy with a ton of muscle mass bringing that muscle mass in in a crazy shredded package. Wwing about 240 pounds on stage. He would come in with still a pretty significant amount of size but pretty much always dice to the bone. His best place in would be a third place finish at the 1990 Arnold Classic and a ninth place finish several times at the Mr. Olympia then in 1996 the Arnold Classic would be his second to last show. He was a fellow Austrian body builder as well similar to Arnold Schwarzenegger. I think it's kind of funny that number one and two on this list are both Austrian body builders. Got to be something in the water over there in Austria. So that's the video guys. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and let me know in the comment section below who you would have in your top five or if you would add or subtract anybody from my list. If you guys are watching the video, next drink from power signing out.

=== FILE: Triple H Interviews Jay Cutler and Ronnie Coleman [Z39Bgb7vtoo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's having power. So in this video I want to talk about the 2004 Mr. Olympia competition specifically the host of that competition. Now 2004 was a very interesting year at the Mr. Olympia. The promoters were clearly trying to make the Mr. Olympia more mainstream, more entertaining and add a whole new element to the Mr. Olympia. So what they did was they brought in WWE Superstar Triple H to be the host of the 2004 Mr. Olympia. So personally I think that was one of the coolest ideas they've ever incorporated into the Mr. Olympia because Triple H actually did a very good job of asking these guys questions and doing backstage interviews, which I would broadcast to the audience during the show. And they got the audience route up, it got you know Jay Colton on a Coleman fired up. And of course the fact that you had a WWE Superstar asking the questions out of the whole new element of excitement to the show. And then next to Triple H you had Kevin Lavroni also asking questions also in 2004. Yet the addition of the challenge round, which was in my opinion one of the worst changes that they ever made to the Mr. Olympia. And they shortly did away with it after that. I'm basically a new round where you could kind of challenge any competitor you wanted to pose down to the pose of your choice. So the problem with this challenge round is obviously the competitor that's picking the pose is going to pick the pose that they're strongest in to go against the other guy and hide the weaknesses of themselves and then kind of expose the weaknesses of the other guy. There's a very biased kind of round and that's why they got rid of it. But the main point of this video is Triple H hosting that Olympia now. This is something that I would like to see them bring back as bring back kind of a celebrity host or a celebrity integration to the Mr. Olympia. And back in 2016 of course you had Duane the Rock Johnson present the trophy at the 2016 Mr. Olympia. But Triple H did such a good job at the 2004 Olympia. That his backstage interview between Ronnie Coleman and Jay Cutler in my opinion is one of the greatest Olympia interviews of all time. So right now I'm going to roll a clip from that interview. Have a listen to this right now. And then let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Hello Package Jay, but you just got done watching defending champion Ronnie Coleman's routine. Focusing your mind when you're watching that is that timid and cute. I mean, you know I've got to respect for Ronnie, but you know people say this guy is unbeatable and you know I don't agree with that. Everyone's beatable on a certain day and I'm going to win this Olympia eventually. What's it like out there Ronnie? You're the number one man in the show. It's yours to win or lose. How do you feel? I'm going to have a listen to this. I'm having a time in my life. I'm having a lot of fun here tonight. I asked you this question a minute ago when I'm going to ask you again for all these people. Jay Cutler said you were 100% beatable. What do you say about that? I say Jay Cutler smoking crack. You need this right, man. Oh. Ronnie. So I hope you guys enjoyed that clip and that video. Let me know in the comment section below what you guys thought about the interview and also what you guys think about bringing in potentially another WWE superstar to host an event like the Mr. Olympia. I think it's really cool. And I think the fan base is between WWE and bodybuilder. We have DECS.

=== FILE: Was Akim Williams really Robbed？ [ZLN9Ck3W5_I].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here when Nick's on the power so it seems to be the norm now that out of every body building show there seems to be some kind of controversy or somebody claiming that somebody got robbed. And this past weekend's Toronto Pro show was no exception to that rule. You had one morale versus a key Williams for the top spot at the Toronto Pro, a key Williams who was vastly improved from his 2018 New York Pro appearance just two weeks prior to the Toronto Pro. Now was the key dramatically improved from a conditioning standpoint from New York to Toronto absolutely. He was significantly improved but keeping mind there was only two weeks difference between this show and New York. But yes, a key was dramatically improved. Arguably one of the best versions of a key Williams we ever saw. And yes, you could make a strong argument for a key Williams beating one morale at this show. But did one morale rob a key Williams? Was it a clear case of one didn't deserve to win? I don't think that's the case. I think one and two you could have made a strong argument for either one or a key winning that show. It wasn't a case of a key was robbed. A key could have won the show absolutely but he wasn't robbed by any means and I'm going to show you guys why with this video right here. It was actually much closer than a lot of people would try to make it out to be. So a key Williams his conditioning was improved but it wasn't great. It still wasn't great conditioning. It was great for a key but compared to other bodybuilders. It still wasn't that good. And one morale was a much more conditioned version of one morale than we saw in New York. And one certainly did have better conditioning than a key at the Toronto pro. Now the main case for a key Williams beating one morale would be a key Williams legs compared to one morale's legs. And now one morale's legs have always been a weak point for him. I'm certainly not going to defend his legs against a key. His legs did beat his but unfortunately for a key there's more to a bodybuilding competition than just beating one morale in one body part. So I think the biggest factor in why one morale beat a key was conditioning. I think people were so focused on the fact that a key had improved his conditioning. They were kind of overlooking the fact that from a conditioning standpoint in general he still wasn't as conditioned as ones. I think that's the major key to one's victory was conditioning. Now a lot of the front poses a key does look a little bit better than him. In particular the arms are certainly better. The chest is certainly better. But the issue is going to be the midsection. I don't know why a lot of people didn't comment on this but a key certainly did have some distension in his stomach. I think for that reason one had a much better V-Taper. A better flow to his physique. And that distension I think also took away from a key conditioning. You can see that clearly in the front double bicep pose and also in the front relaxed. Not only that but there was a clear lack of abdominal separation in a key. So not only was his stomach distended but in many of the poses including the abs and thighs. He didn't really have that visible of abs. So even though his conditioning was good in other areas his midsection was still very problematic for him. Now from a sheer muscle mass standpoint I think a key certainly beats one. And just in terms of being the bigger guy. Again his legs are better. Arms chest. But again that conditioning is going to let him down. In particular what we're going to see here is when they turn around from the back. Now the problem with a key he does have a very dense back. But the problem is he has very high inserted lats. So in most of the back poses he almost has no lower back at all. No lower lats. Very little separation or detail in the lower back at all. Whereas one more l. has very low inserted lats. So the back poses he looks significantly better than a key Williams. I think the back poses in conditioning are what one this show for one more l. So I just wanted to clear that up for you guys. I think you know a key Williams looked tremendous. Best version of a key that we've ever seen. But I think before people start you know accusing the judges of getting it wrong and saying a key was just robbed blind. I mean you have to really know what you're actually talking about and know how to actually judge a bodybuilding competition because just being a bigger guy with decent conditioning as I've said before isn't going to win you the show. Juan was better conditioned. His back was better. His V-Taper was better. His midsection was better. Although his legs were weaker than a keen certainly weaker than a keen by a long shot. There are a lot of other areas where Juan was more polished and better than a keen and that's what gave Juan the victory. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of the power signing out.

=== FILE: Wesley Vissers IFBB Pro Debut (Prejudging) [78p35RmKjBc].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's strength and power. So let's jump straight into the topic for today. So as you know, this weekend is the IFBB Chicago Pro show. And at that show, in the classic physique division, Wesley Vissers is making his pro debut as a classic physique competitor in the IFBB. So this is a very important show to Wesley. Number one, because it's his pro debut. And number two, because he's trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. And to do so, he's going to need to win a pro show. And the opportunities to win a pro show are very slim between now and September. So this is really his primary shot at competing at the Olympia in 2018. It's to win this show. So now that I've seen all the photos and videos from pre-judging, which happened a couple hours ago, I can make a good judgment about what I saw now. So Wesley is my boy. I'm a big fan of his physique. He won my 2017 Mr. Goanera competition. But I can't be biased about this analysis here. I'm going to tell it like it is. So honestly, the first thing I noticed was Wesley's color. I thought his tan was just a really, it wasn't a good tan. It wasn't a good color for him. He was the lightest guy on stage by far. He didn't have really any show shine on. So he was like the least shiny guy as well. So the color and the shine just wasn't there. So that was the first thing that I noticed right off the bat. In the second thing I noticed right away was his conditioning. Now this could be a combination of the fact that his color wasn't very good. And the show shine wasn't very good. But he looked to be kind of flat in the conditioning seemed a little bit off. I wouldn't say his conditioning was terrible. He was still in shape for the show. But I would say the guy next to him. I believe his name is Ahmed Roy. I think he goes by Bangalore tiger on Instagram. The guy to the left hand side of him in the middle. I think the conditioning on that guy might be enough to actually beat Wesley Visitors. Now this call out video that you're looking at here is the top for it to show. So Wesley is going to be somewhere in that top for likely one or two spots based on where they have him placed both him andometer in the middle. Now from a structure standpoint, I will still stand by Wesley and say that he has one of the best structures on that stage. I think he's one of the better poses on that stage. And again, we've talked about this before being a taller guy in the classic physique division. It gives you an advantage. It gives you a structural advantage. It gives you a size advantage. And it gives you a stage presence advantage. More eyes are drawn to him on stage because he's taller and he has that wider frame, that bigger frame. And when I think the superior frame for classic bodybuilding. So the other thing that a lot of people criticize Wesley for is his legs. Now I will say from the front, I actually don't think his quads look that bad in this line. But from the side, you can definitely see he needs to work on his hamstrings a little bit. That's going to be a problem for him going forward that he needs to improve upon. But I'll say again, the main standout thing for me about Wesley, the main criticism, I think is going to be the color here. The color in the shine, I think really takes away from his physique. Whether he was conditioning might have actually been pretty good. But it could have been just this color was so bad compared to the other guys that makes his conditioning look worse. But overall in this line up, I think he is still vying for that top spot. I think there's still a chance that he could win this show. I think in all likelihood, he's going to be first or second. He might get beaten by this omit Roy guy because this guy, even though he's a smaller guy in a shorter guy, this guy is conditioning was on point and you really can't deny that. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the pre-judging of Wesley Visitor's Pro Day view. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track in power, signing out.

=== FILE: Wesley Vissers Wins Pro-Debut [9SSwenJsHd4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon Power, so the final is just wrapped up for the 2018 Chicago Pro and the classic physique division. It looks like Wesley Vissers was able to do enough during his pro debut to pull off the win here against Amit Roy, who is the smaller guy next to him that was shorter and a little bit more conditioned. I will say that at the night show, I saw some pictures and videos where Wesley did look to be significantly darker. He seems to have fixed the issue with his tan and he did look significantly better at the night show in my opinion. The lighting almost looks a little better at the night show too. So I think at the end of the day, it was a close call because he's were two very different physiques. Like I said, I think Wesley's conditioning was a little bit off, but overall his conditioning wasn't bad. And again, we're comparing two very different guys in Amit and Wesley. So it was really just a matter of which preference the judges decided to go with whether they wanted a bigger structure, a bigger frame guy like Wesley with a little bit less conditioning or a smaller guy with razor sharp conditioning, but not as good of a structure. So it seems like the judges decided to go with Wesley. I think honestly with the better tan, he did look significantly improved and I actually saw a better quality video from the pre-judging. And I'm going to post that here where Wesley actually does look better in the better quality video. I think a lot of the reason why he didn't look as good in the video that I had earlier was that video was so low quality. He was washed out a little bit in both the terms of the quality and the lighting. In this HD video here, you can see he looks significantly better. So congratulations to Wesley. This is a big deal. Again, this is Pro Day View. And this qualifies him to compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia, which was the big question because if he didn't win this show, there was a good possibility that we might not see him in the Olympia. So I'm excited to have him in that Olympia lineup. Hopefully between now and then he's going to be able to make some improvements going into the Mr. Olympia. But again, congratulations to Wesley. I'm looking forward to see what you do with your Pro career. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Wesley Visitor's Pro Day View next time from Power, signing out.

=== FILE: Wesley Vissers just won his IFBB Pro Card! [d1X8ofoYz-g].txt ===

All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Diamond Power. I was wanting to make a video giving a huge shout out to my boy Wesley Visters over advantage genetics. You may recognize him from winning my Mr. Golden era competition earlier in 2017, but he recently today actually got his IFBB pro card by winning the Royal London bodybuilding show. So now his road to the Mr. Olympia Classic Visite stage officially begins. So now all these hypotheticals we were talking about of what if he competes in the Olympia, how would he do against the classic physique line of of Breon Ainsley, Chris Bumstedt, some of these guys. All that stuff is going to become a reality now because he's an IFBB pro. And now his road to the Olympia begins. All he has to do is qualify which in classic physique. You think it'd be a little bit harder than it is, but I think he's actually got for him. I think it's going to be a pretty easy road to get to the Olympia stage. And I think it's going to be a pretty easy road to be in that top six. So I think this is a very exciting day for classic physique. I think we're going to see amazing things from Wesley Visters in the future. And this is just the beginning of his journey man. So I'm very proud of him. I'm really happy to have had him on my channel doing the Mr. Golden era competition. And hopefully we see him on that Olympia stage in 2018. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Wesley Visite physique. Please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next rank and power signing out.

=== FILE: What Happened to Aaron Clark？ [vBCvEnkZev4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so don't talk about the transformation of a two-12 bodybuilder by the name of Aaron Clark. So I remember actually being in the audience at the 2014 Arnold Classic when Aaron Clark made his Arnold Classic debut in the 2012 division and Aaron placed third out of that line up in his first ever Arnold Classic in the 2012. So he was very impressive right out of the gate at the Arnold I actually had him winning the show and I just he was very impressive. I distinctly remember being in the audience Distinctly remember his name and distinctly remember being impressed by him in that line up He was a very good to 12 bodybuilder back in 2014 Now after placing third at that 2014 Arnold Classic later on in that same year he would actually win the New York pro The 2012 category that is so I just wanted to give you guys a frame of reference here as a 2-12 bodybuilder Aaron Clark was no joke. I mean this guy was a really really high level 2-12 bodybuilder a ton of potential a ton of promise and he was a very young guy When he made that Arnold Classic debut I think he was in his early 20s So fast forward to 2018 Aaron Clark makes a decision to jump in the men's open bodybuilding category And I was actually at one of the first shows that he did as a men's open bodybuilder the indie pro in Indianapolis, Indiana I was there and I actually did not know Aaron Clark was making his men's open debut at this show Being at this show I was there when Aaron Clark went on stage and to be honest with you guys I honestly did not recognize Aaron Clark's physique at all when he came on stage I didn't even know it was him until they said his name. I know I did who this guy was And when they said his name, you know all I could think of was this phenomenal 2-12 bodybuilder that I had seen years before I'm in the physique that I saw on stage. I mean not not to hate on the guy, but the physique was terrible And this is not a long period of time that we're talking about here. This is you know less than four years between the Arnold Classic back in 2014 and now So very short period of time drastic transformation in Aaron Clark's physique and I believe he placed I believe he tied for dead last at the indie pro So then fast forward a little bit more to the 2018 New York pro Aaron Clark actually makes the decision to go back to the 2012 where he started and where he initially was Very successful so he goes back down to the 2012 in the New York pro Which keep in mind four years ago He won the entire division of the New York pro. He's a New York pro champion again He tied for dead last 16th place in What was honestly in my opinion a just a terrible showing? He has what appears to be to me Kind of a severe case of polimboism his stomach seems to have grown tremendously and his arms and legs just seemed to have shrunk and as physique like I said it's just almost Unrecognizable from where he was you know four years ago from this point So my question to you guys is what do you think happened to Aaron Clark's physique over these four years? To cause this drastic downhill decline and do you think he can come back from this do you think he was You know sick something about his training injured Something that was causing this that he could possibly rectify and come back and bring back his old physique or do you think this is permanent damage From drug use or injury This is just you know kind of the end of Aaron Clark's career. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next strength of power signing out

=== FILE: What did Kai do at Super League？ [QC3pjXRtGQE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here in the next kind of power. So I put this video together of the Super League event from this past weekend in Las Vegas. So I went to Super League out there for maybe three or four hours. And I was filming all this, all this coverage trying to get some good shots of the show. So I was really just kind of practicing my videography skills. You guys actually have some video to watch instead of just looking at pictures in this video. So basically I went, I was there for three or four hours. Like I said, I got to meet the guy who basically set this whole thing up. Jade Jungs. I wanted to thank him for giving me the invitation. And allowing me to come film that. I thought it was very cool. I'm not the event seemed very well run. It was very well run. It was very, you know, everything about the setup man. It was very, it's just very impressive. Just the way they had everything, you know, the way they designed everything to look. It just looked very cool. So there's an old joke that goes around the 90% of fitness is good lighting. And if that's the case, then super league definitely has 90% of fitness covered because the lighting there for the athletes was just absolutely perfect. So the way they have this setup is the super league competition is basically set up in a giant circle. So they have all the super league apparatus. I'm that the athletes are going to do their exercises on. Basically set up in a giant ring. And the lighting basically on the ceiling is also a giant ring that goes around the perimeter only. So the perimeter is kind of well lit to give those guys kind of that fluorescent. You know, the crazy lighting that you would see in like a, you know, addressing room or something where you would want to take a selfie immediately when you see that lighting. So it was very, very good lighting. I thought that was a very cool addition to the way things were set up. Just kind of the dark, you know, surrounding dark surrounding lack of light. And then you had this ring of light going around the, around the rim. I thought that was pretty cool. Another thing that I thought was neat is that each athlete kind of has like a WWE style of entrance. There's like smoke that comes out. They have like a little entry platform. Then music plays. That was a very nice touch. And the real reason that I went was two things. Number one, I wanted to get an opportunity to meet Dorian Yates and I wanted to get an opportunity to see what Kagreen was going to do at super league. So that's really kind of the only criticism that I have of the event as I went. It seems like Kagreen didn't really do anything. It looks like he kind of sponsors a guy with his supplement company dynamic muscle. The kid plot is the guy's username on Instagram. So I guess this guy's a super league competitor. I'm an essentially when we went, Kagreen is basically just walking around the perimeter of the, you know, apparatus as this guy worked out kind of coaching him, kind of giving him a motivation. He even was loading the plates on his machines as he was, you know, doing his reps. So during the time I was there, I saw Kai for maybe two and a half hours and during that two and a half hour span. He basically did nothing but that he was just loading plates. You know, he was shaking a couple hands, taking a couple pictures. But for the most part, there wasn't really that many people back there. And then Kai, he filmed like some kind of video for super league as well. They kind of set up a video shoot with him. So he did that. But there was no real, not that I saw. There was no posing routine. There was no speech. To me, Kai was just kind of there. That as far as Dorian Yates goes during the time I was there, Dorian Yates was not there. And actually in our Uber ride to City Athletic Club where super league was held. I was talking to another guy who said he was there on Friday. So I went on Saturday. Super league was a two day event. It was Friday and Saturday. Friday. It was from 12 to 8 and Saturday. It was 12 to 6. So I was talking to this guy in the Uber and he said he went on Friday. And he said from Friday, he didn't see Dorian there the entire time. Then the entire time that I was there Saturday, I didn't see Dorian. So that's one of the things that I wanted to do. That I didn't really get to do. So I kind of disappointed at that. And then I was kind of disappointed that Kai didn't really do anything. So in my opinion, the whole Kai and super league thing was just kind of Kai appearing at super league and being supportive. So that's really my only criticism of the event. But overall it was really cool. It was really cool environment. And I think it's going to continue to be pretty successful in the future. So thank you again to Jay Jung who basically put all this stuff together and invited me to come out. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. It took me a little bit of extra time to edit together all these clips that I filmed because these are all HD videos. But I hope you guys didn't enjoy the change of pace that I got some video for you guys. And I've got a bunch more videos from the Olympia Weekend to edit together and post where you guys would be patient with me. Again, having all these HD videos files man, it takes a while to render them and upload them and all that good stuff. So I hope you guys didn't enjoy this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did. Let me know in the comment section below. What you think about the future of super league, Nick's drank the power signing out.

=== FILE: What was Nick Walker's Best Look Ever？ [0zbfSSm6Hz8].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Drankton Power, so probably the biggest story in bodybuilding maybe this week is the Nick Walker split from his coach Kyle Wilkes and kind of all the drama surrounding that and some of the comments made by Nick. In one comment that's gotten a lot of attention that Kyle Wilkes pointed out on the podcast he did about the split with Nick. Was that Nick said on the phone call where they basically broke up that he didn't like his Pittsburgh pro look. In a lot of fans have taken issue with that statement, I think Kyle took issue with that statement. And Nick posted a video today where he said his favorite look of his career was the 2021 Arnold Classic. So what do you feel your best looks ever were? So I when it comes to look for shows I truly believe my favorite looks which I think are my best looks. For 2021 Arnold Classic, I just thought that for me that was my number one. I was dry hard, very green and full. It was like as soon as I walked out for that show like lights out, I just gave it over. As soon as I walked out everyone knew that's it. And I just thought the peak was perfected everything was nails for that specific show. And I would say my second favorite was probably a Lempia 2020. I don't think I was as conditioned per se as a 2020 Lempia or the 2021 Arnold. I'm sorry. What I was so I was very lean, lean enough. But I was so fucking full. Like it was the second. It was an undeniable type of full. It was still very dry. You know what I mean? And then I actually really did like my Arnold look that I lost two Samsung. That was probably my leanest and driest. I still think I was full to me just maybe not as full as I normally am, which is why I didn't seem like I had like that Nick Walker pop. But I was still pretty full, but I was just so fucking lean for that dude. It was insanity. And when people I guess hear that I didn't like the Pittsburgh look, it's I didn't like it because I didn't think it was my best. I know what I'm capable of. I know what I can bring. And that look was good. Don't get me wrong. But I could have been leaner, I could have been drier, I could have been harder. And I also thought I could have been a little forer, which is why I think we kind of lost it at night because we stated pretty hard in my opinion. So that's just the way I look at it. I don't like to look in the past because every prep is different. But the end result should always be the same to a degree with improvements. And for me, it's not what it was. That's not what I like to bring to the stage. I know everyone thought it was a wild show, but if you really go back and look at those packages, that's the look I need to bring with the out of size that I have now. And one of the reasons that he gives for not liking the Pittsburgh pro look is that he could have been a little leaner, he could have been a little bit better overall. And he didn't win the show. So the topic of today's video is what was Nick Walker's best look? And I wanted to take a look back at that 2021 Arnold classic because when I think of Nick's best looks to me, that is up there. I don't disagree with Nick when he says, that's his favorite look to me. I think that Arnold in this year's Pittsburgh, those are my two favorite looks for Nick Walker. So for me, it's between those two for sure. And I saw a lot of people in the comments of Nick's post taking issue with this. And I think mostly debating on how he looked at Pittsburgh, which I agree. I think that was one of his best looks. And I don't agree with Nick, not liking the Pittsburgh look. I think that was one of his best. I think it was a great look. I think him and Kyle did a great job for that show. But I don't think it's that controversial for Nick to say that the Arnold was his favorite in 2021. Because when you look back, this was without a doubt one of his best looks. And I think when you look at what Nick gets criticized for the most, the midsection, the abdominal control. When I look back at this video of Nick from the 2021 Arnold, to me, this is the best his midsection has ever looked. As far as the abdominal control, the deep separation of the abs, if you look at the abs and thighs pose specifically here, I think this is the best abs and thighs. Nick Walker has ever presented on a bodybuilding stage. Even looking at his legs, the separation in his quads to me, this is like peak prime Nick Walker. But the main takeaway for me at the Arnold Classic 2021 is if Nick's biggest weak point and his biggest criticism of his whole career has been his midsection, when you look back at this Arnold, this is the best in my opinion. His midsection has ever looked. It doesn't even look like an issue here. There is no bubble gut conversation at this Arnold. I don't think it's crazy for Nick to say this was an insane look in one of his favorites, because for me, I think this might be my favorite Nick Walker look with a Pittsburgh pro being a close second because the Pittsburgh pro he was bigger and yes, he sacrificed the midsection's some for that show for sure. His midsection did not look as good in my opinion at Pittsburgh as it did at the Arnold Classic in 2021. But I think you've also got to look at what did Nick achieve at these shows that makes them impressive. Yes, at the 2021 Arnold, he did actually win versus the second place in Pittsburgh. But I think to be fair, if you look at that lineup, it wasn't, you know, in no disrespect to these other guys that competed, it was definitely not the same caliber as the Olympia where Nick was top three, which he said was his second favorite look. It definitely was not the same caliber as the Pittsburgh pro. And second place you had Ian Valier at the 2021 Arnold Classic in third place Steve Kuklo in fourth place Justin Rodriguez in fifth place a team Williams. So in terms of Arnold Classic lineups, this was not the strongest lineup that we had ever seen. This was one of the very few actually Arnold Classic lineups that did not include a former master of the Arnold Classic champion. It did not include a former Mr. Olympia. It did not include any top three Olympians at all. So in terms of the lineup, yes, Nick won where he was second in Pittsburgh. But I don't think it was as impressive of a lineup as the Pittsburgh show. Now if we look at the footage from the Pittsburgh pro, actually let's put them side by side here. I think that would be a good way to do this. I think that Nick's midsection does not look as good as it looked at the 2021 Arnold. And I want to say I'm not trying to say that I think Kyle Wilkes did a bad job or that Nick is justified in leaving him because the Pittsburgh pro is still one of my favorite looks of Nick's, but just in the conversation of what was his best look in Nick saying he liked that Arnold look the best. I do like that look a lot and even comparing it to the Pittsburgh look. I think the midsection looked bigger at the Pittsburgh. Nick was bigger though, hit like overall he was bigger. So he brought a more muscular look to the Pittsburgh. But for me, when you're talking about the detail that he brought the detail on the legs, the detail on the side legs, the abs and thighs, the detail in the abs, the waist control, that Arnold classic look man, it was undeniably dangerous. But again, I think that context is important here and you got to look at what Nick achieved at each one of these shows. So the Arnold kind of a lackluster lineup, but the Pittsburgh show. He was second. Derek lunchford was first, but again, he did beat Derek at the pre judging. That's very important. He beat a reigning former Mr. Olympia champ at the pre judging. That's the closest he's ever came to beating Derek at a show and he did beat him at pre judging. He also beat Martin Fitzwater who I can't say enough good things about Martin right now. I think Martin is one of the top four best body builders in the world hands down right now. After what we saw in Prague, that package he brought is maybe almost top three best body builders in the world. Martin looked incredible. And at the time that he competed at Martin competed in Pittsburgh, he had just made his Olympia debut in 2024. He was top four in the world. He was fourth at that Olympia. So Martin was on top of the world. He missed the mark a little bit but still. He also had William Bonack in that lineup who was fourth. William Bonack is a former Olympia runner up multiple time Arnold Classic champion Michael Kryso one of the biggest freaks in body building. That's your top five. That's a lot more competitive than what we saw at the Arnold. So as far as what Nick achieved, he's beating the best body builders in the world at this show in Pittsburgh. Almost beat Derek lunchford, a recent Mr. Olympia champ. This was a great showing for Nick and I think undeniably I don't think you can say this was a bad look for Nick. I don't think you can say you didn't like this look. I do think it's fair to say maybe you liked the Arnold look better because I do like the Arnold look better. But I don't see how Nick didn't like this Pittsburgh look. I get what he said in his video. I mean I understand he didn't win the show. But this was effectively Nick's comeback show. This was the show that made the statement to the body building world. I'm back. I can beat Derek. He beat him at prejudging. He did. I just beat Martin. He's top four in the world. This was the show that sent the statement to everybody that I'm still here. So this was a great look for Nick. And then keep in mind like a week later, he won the New York pro. And also I think the New York pro lineup was more competitive than the Arnold that he won in 2021. Being Bonette, Krizo, Regan Grimesaw, Sorati, etc. But then I think about like the impact of both shows with the Arnold Classic 2021. That was kind of the show that really put Nick Walker on the map as a contender at the Olympia. And then the Pittsburgh pro was kind of like the I'm back. I'm still here show for Nick Walker. And I remember talking to Brian Powers, the executive director of the Arnold Classic. And I remember him saying that he thinks the most viral moment in Arnold classic is history or even bodybuilding history. But definitely Arnold Classic history, at least since he's been there, was Nick Walker winning. It was a very big viral impactful moment. And again, I think that's kind of the moment that put Nick Walker on the map. But I think the main reason that that's my favorite look of Nick's is the midsection, the condition. And I just think that if that's going to be the biggest critical point of his physique that people talk about the most, I look at where did it look the best? And to me, it was that show. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. What do you think was Nick Walker's best look of his entire career? And there's no wrong answers. This is totally subjective. This is what, what do you think and why? What looked did you prefer? I would go first the 2021 Arnold, then the 25 Pittsburgh pro. And I think maybe behind that I would put the 2020, I guess it would be 2022 Olympia. I really like the Pittsburgh look. And I think let me know too what you guys think about the coaching situation with Nick and Kyle. I think this is a very complex issue. And I think that it's pretty evident that a lot of people have now turned on Nick because of his decision to leave Kyle and this comes after the split with Matt Jansson. It is a very interesting topic, I think. Because in my opinion, I think Kyle did a really good job with Pittsburgh. And then of course, Nick won New York. In the Olympia, yeah, it wasn't his best look for sure. This year's Olympia was not an ex best look. But two out of the three shows to me were kind of home runs on Kyle's part, on their part together. But let me know what you guys think and why in the comments down below. Make sure you guys like the video, subscribe to the channel, click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. Appreciate you guys. Nick's rank and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page was simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want to Nick's strength and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.

=== FILE: When Dorian Yates lost to the Giant Killer [EKl-3cTbEeI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about the 1990 Night of Champions. This particular year's Night of Champions was a very important year for bodybuilding because it was really a show that was really exemplifying the whole giant killer mentality of a smaller guy with better conditioning, better proportions, better symmetry, beating a much larger guy with more muscle mass, but having maybe not the conditioning or maybe not the proportions that these smaller guys had. So in 1990 you had Dorian Yates competing in his very first pro show ever the Night of Champions. So at Dorian's biggest he weighed roughly 265 pounds on stage, but obviously in 1990 we were not seeing the biggest version of Dorian yet. So in 1990 he was probably a lot closer to about 250 pounds on stage, but still significantly out sizing two of the guys that placed on either side of him that night. So Dorian placed second at the 1990 Night of Champions. He lost to a guy by the name of Momo Benaziza. So Momo Benaziza was about 5 foot 2 inches tall or 158 centimeters and he weighed around 185 pounds, typically no more than 187 pounds or 85 kilograms. That's how he earned his nickname, the Killer of Giants, specifically at this 1990 show was where he earned that nickname. So Muhammad Benaziza really made a statement at this 1990 Night of Champions. He had an insane back. He was shredded to the bone, his conditioning was on another level again to the point where he out conditioned a guy that was 70 pounds heavier than him. Even though Dorian was new to the pro scene at this show and this was his first show ever, make no mistake about it. Dorian definitely made a giant statement at this show when people saw how big he was. I'm just the overall potential that this guy had. And Dorian came out of seemingly nowhere, but even with that wow factor in the crazy size that Dorian brought, Muhammad Benaziza was just so good. Dorian cannot beat him. In fact, 1990 Muhammad Benaziza was arguably one of the best versions of Muhammad Benaziza we would see. During that year, he won 5 Grand Prix Competition. He won 5 IFBB Pro Shows and the Knight of Champions. So he won 6 Pro Shows in one year, which is an astounding accomplishment for anybody builder to even win 6 Pro Shows during their entire career. Now unfortunately just two years later after beating Dorian at that 1990 Night of Champions, Muhammad Benaziza would pass away at the age of 33 years old. In the even sadder part about that is that 1992 was also a very good year from Muhammad Benaziza placing second at the Arnold Classic winning 2 Grand Prix and placing 5th at the 1992 Mr Olympia. So while a lot of people may not have heard of Muhammad Benaziza, it's probably because his career was cut so short by that early death because he was on the fast track to doing some great things in bodybuilding. He was a very high place and again, he beat the 6th time Olympia Dorian Yates while his career was still just getting off the ground. But if we go back to that 1999 of Champions for a second and the reason why I call this the show of the giant killers, there's another bodybuilder whose nickname was also the giant killer competing at this show, Danny Padilla. And we saw a very impressive version of Danny Padilla at this show. Now Danny Padilla wasn't even smaller bodybuilder than Muhammad Benaziza standing 5 foot two inches tall and weighing only between 165 pounds and 175 pounds on stage or between 74.8 and 79.4 kilograms. So 175 at his biggest arguably maybe 180 in some cases. But the fascinating thing here was that he almost beat Dorian Yates as well at the 1999 of Champions. So you had Muhammad Benaziza in first, Dorian Yates in second and an extremely impressive Danny Padilla in third at the 1999 of Champions. And a lot of people would even argue that Danny Padilla should have beaten Dorian Yates at that 1999 of Champions. Myself could be included in that group because I think you could make a strong argument for Danny Padilla being second there because I personally believe 1990 Danny Padilla at that night of Champions was one of the best and fullest and roundest Danny Padilla's we had ever seen while maintaining an extremely, you know, just razor crisp conditioning. So could you guys imagine if this mass monster Dorian Yates 250 pounds came out of nowhere and was beaten by two guys weighing under 190 pounds on stage? What a statement that would have been for bodybuilding in terms of, you know, this is what we care about. We care about proportions. We care about symmetry. We care about conditioning. We don't care about, you know, just some giant guy coming out of nowhere and winning just because he's giant. That would have been a massive statement for bodybuilding and it really was. The fact that that guy placed third and then he had Muhammad Mu'awin and Dorian was in between the two was still a pretty big statement of Dorian saying, you know, it's time for you to go back to the drawing board and work on some things and Dorian certainly did that. Because just two years later Dorian would win his first of six Mr Olympia titles, but that would not be the end of Dorian being challenged by a much smaller guy because that same year that Dorian won his first Olympia, you had Leela Brada and third and Sean Ray and fourth. Two guys significantly smaller than Dorian, but still comparing very favorably with Dorian, again speaking to the fact that size isn't everything because we all know Dorian did not have the prettiest physique, but he did have a massive physique and because of that you had guys like Leela Brada and Sean Ray constantly nipping at his heels more so Sean Ray than Leela Brada. Because of course you had Sean Ray placing second to Dorian in 1994, 1996 and third and 1997 behind Nasser and Dorian. So again, throughout Dorian's career even though he was this crazy mass monster, you still had these giant killers coming after him constantly from day one at his pro-day view. And again the funny thing was, man, one of Sean Ray's nicknames was the giant killer as well. So the 1990s was certainly the era of the giant killers and was certainly a good era to be a body builder if you were a smaller guy because at that time judges were rewarding conditioning, proportions, symmetry and they were saying sizes and everything, which is not really what we see so much today with the IFPB or NPC even. They seem to be looking for the much bigger guy and size seems to be a really dominant factor in determining Olympia placing. So the 1990s again, a great era in body building. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the 1990 night of champions. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: When Jay Cutler beat Big Ramy [9nS81DR8WiI].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video I want to talk about the 2013 Mr. Olympia. Now this was a very significant Mr. Olympia. Number one because it was Jay Cutler's last Olympia ever following his bicep injury. And number two, we got to see the rare treat of Jay Cutler going head to head with Big Rami. This was also Big Rami's first ever Mr. Olympia competition. And Jay Cutler actually ended up beating Big Rami by not one but two placings, Big Rami coming in eighth and Jay Cutler coming in sixth. Now I specifically remember watching the live stream of this Mr. Olympia. I believe it was one of the first Mr. Olympia that I ever watched on live stream. I can remember I was in college and I went over to my buddy's ac you guys might remember Zach from some of the videos that I've done with him in the past. I went over to his apartment on campus and we watched that 2013 Mr. Olympia together. It was the first Olympia we ever watched together. And I remember sitting down and just waiting for Big Rami to come out because we knew Big Rami was going to look amazing. We had seen him already that year as Pro Day View at that 2013 New York Pro. So in 2013 I remember the hype for Big Rami was real. You think the hype right now for Big Rami is big. When Big Rami first hit the scene back in 2013, everybody was talking about this new guy, this new mass monster Big Rami coming to the Olympia and how is he going to do as Olympia debut? I think that's the primary reason we watched it was to see both Rami and Jay. Everyone kind of knew that Phil was going to win again. Phil looked pretty damn good in 2013. I remember sitting there waiting for Rami to come out and when Rami did come out. He was like he was a jaw dropping body but I mean this guy was pretty much everything that the hype was promising he would be. He wasn't the most conditioned version of Big Rami. But again his Olympia debut, he wanted to come in big. He needed to come in big and make a statement. In the physique that he brought in 2013 it made the statement of I am here and I am not messing around. So I think Big Rami actually did look really good in 2013. I mean it was kind of controversial. It was actually really controversial that Jay Cutler ended up beating Big Rami and a lot of people think Jay Cutler was kind of gifted that six place finished because Jay Cutler, while he is one of the best Mr. Olympia's ever he had in 2009, one of the most jaw dropping Olympia physiques I think anybody had ever seen. But 2013 Jay Cutler was a shadow of himself and it's really not through any fault of his own. It was through the fault of the injury. He was going through his divorce around that same time. I believe he said in his interview during the Olympia prep for that 2013 Olympia, his dog also passed away. So divorce, dog passed away, massive bicep injury. He was going through a lot during that Olympia prep and you could really see that on his physique. Now wouldn't say his bicep looked horrible but it was noticeable on stage. And in a lot of the shots against Big Rami, the conditioning and the blockingness is one of the things that stood out about Jay. I'm more a lot of people thought Rami should have beat him. Now one person particular where I think you can make a very strong case for Big Rami here, would be the side chest pose from 2013. I mean look at every single aspect of the physique from the side here. The separation in the legs between the hamstrings and the quads, the tie-in between the glutes and the hamstrings, the delts from the side, the arms from the side. Look at the biceps, look at the triceps, look at the forearms, look at the chest, look at the striations in the chest. Everything on Big Rami looks more conditioned, more separated, bigger, rounder, fuller, younger, just everything about the muscle on Big Rami, specifically from the side. Looks superior to Jay. Now I think from the front you can make a little bit more of an argument for Jay because his quads, while Big Rami did have these massive crazy quads he always has. Jay Cutler had much better separation in his quads, his quads were much more stride, had much more diced. And I think that really made a lot of the front poses for Jay. It gave him the edge there but pretty much in the upper body. I think Big Rami still had Jay. I mean the roundness of the shoulders and that most muscular, the thickness of the pecs, the separation of the abs, and Big Rami, while he's not the most aesthetic guy, he wasn't nearly as blocky as Jay Cutler did appear at that 2013 Mr Olympia. And a lot of people like to say, you know, a guy like Jay, four-time Mr Olympia, had no reason to come back and they would have rather he didn't and just kind of retired on that high note. But I'm actually glad Jay Cutler came back. I mean in this case, I think it was exciting. You had a lot of exciting things about the 2013 Olympia. The day, you have Big Rami, the comeback of Jay Cutler, the Phil and Cigrin rivalry, getting stronger. This would be the second year of Phil Placing, first in Cuy Placing, second. It was just an exciting Mr Olympia. So it's not one of those things where I think Jay Cutler should regret coming back or one of those things that I think put a negative mark on his career if anything. It's a positive for him. He overcame that bicep injury. He overcame that divorce. He overcame, you know, those personal struggles in his life to get on the Olympia stage. And I don't think really that many people expected Jay was going to win. I think Placing Top 6 was a win for Jay Cutler, beating a guy like Big Rami. That was a win for Jay Cutler. And really just making it to the Olympia stage in and of itself was a win for Jay Cutler. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Rami versus Jay in 2013. Do you think Jay deserved that six-place spot where do you think Rami deserved it? Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next life in power, signing out.

=== FILE: When Mr. Universe beat Mr. Olympia [GRjGFB98olo].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Island Power so I don't make a video about Bill Pearl so Bill Pearl personally It's one of my favorite classic bodybuilders of all time. I have his book keys to the inner universe If you guys are looking for a great bodybuilding book written by golden Arab bodybuilder going through all kinds of different exercises Breaking them down body part by body part and just really key insights In the just classic bodybuilding keys to the inner universe is one of the best books that I have on my bodybuilding bookshelf And I got a side copy which is very very cool So specifically I wanted to make a video about Bill Pearl's 1971 comeback to the mystery universe stage Arguably one of the most impressive comb-backs because of the fact that he became a vegetarian For about three years prior to that comeback so when he went into this 1971 mystery universe He was completely lacto-ovegetarian which meant he only ate eggs and dairy products in addition to obviously vegetables So Bill Pearl has been competing since 1952 and it's competitive career would extend all the way until 1971 Where he would compete in that final mystery universe competition so during the course of his career So he was the first one for professional mystery universe titles 1956 1961 1967 and 1971 So again that was the nabba mystery universe and again I've said this many times with the nabba mystery universe Was the biggest title you could win prior to the mystery Olympia So two of those titles were won before the mystery Olympia even began in 1965 So at the time you could argue in 56 and 61 Bill Pearl was the greatest body builder on the planet for winning pretty much the greatest title that you could win in the 50s and early 60s Which brings up a more interesting point the fact that Bill Pearl never competed in the IFBB and never competed in the mystery Olympia But this did not mean that he would never beat a mystery Olympia winner on stage Bringing me back to that 1971 nabba mystery universe comeback So as many of you know 1971 was a big year for bodybuilding history specifically the history of the IFBB That is the year they entered their non-sanction policy into their rule books which meant if you were an IFBB body builder And you competed in another Federation such as the nabba mystery universe You would be to squallified from entering the Olympia or even banned from the IFBB So again Bill Pearl's 1971 nabba pro universe win would play a big factor in this decision to implement this non-sanction policy So this 1971 mystery universe was held exactly one week prior to the 1971 nabba mystery Olympia And in this nabba mystery universe you had Sergio Aleva who was a former three-time Mr Olympia winner competing and you also had red park competing So unfortunately for Sergio Bill Pearl would defeat Sergio at this nabba mystery universe Despite the fact that Bill Pearl was 41 years old and vegetarian and this was his comeback after he You know quote unquote retired And Bill Pearl really did look phenomenal at this show But again unfortunately for Sergio Aleva this show would be the reason why Sergio Aleva was disqualified from the 1971 Olympia And apparently it would also be the reason that he would play second in 1972 because according to Sergio Aleva Joe Weedor claimed in 1972 that his band had not yet been lifted when he competed in that 72 Olympia So they could not allow him to win So Bill Pearl beating Sergio in 1971 you know really had a big hand in fate for Sergio Aleva And what would happen with Sergio's IAPB career who knows if Sergio would have gone on to continue to compete at the Mr Olympia And possibly beat Arnold one of the years that Arnold would continue to win And immediately after winning that 1971 mystery universe Bill Pearl finally definitively retired After which point he stopped all guest posing and dropped anything related to body building I'm that didn't involve his business where he owned a couple health clubs and gyms And that 71 universe would essentially be his exit from the sport Now Bill Pearl is still alive today at the age of 87 I actually recently got an autograph photo from him just a couple months ago So arguably you know one of the best classic bodybuilders of all time one of my favorite classic bodybuilders And certainly one of the best to not compete in the IFBB So thank you guys for watching the video. Please good a thumbs up if you did enjoy it Nick's strength and power signing out Thank you

=== FILE: When She Forgets to Photoshop Your Pictures [7Pkyq13V5tE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time in power. So obviously in the fitness industry, there's going to be a lot of fake stuff. There's going to be a lot of fake followers, photo shot pictures, fake weights, etc. But I've had a lot of people today sending me what I think is one of the most ironic and funniest examples of someone being exposed for photoshopping their pictures. Now this guy in question is a guy named Jamar Pooch. And this is a guy that people have been tagging me on his photo for a long time, suspecting that he was photoshopping his pictures. But I never really cared before. I mean this guy really isn't anybody relevant. But recently he got a new girlfriend. And his girlfriend post pictures of them together on her Instagram. And obviously the girlfriend doesn't photoshop his pictures for him. So the irony of this is she posts his pictures where he looks like a different person than he looks on his Instagram. And people finally made the connection. Oh that's the same guy. He's just photoshopping his pictures. So the girlfriend's Instagram username is Carlo 10V. I'm apparently her name is Carlo 10V. So I think the funny thing about this is really it's kind of the fitness industry's version of that classic meme of pictures you upload versus your tag photos. You always look worse in your tag photos because you don't have the ability to pick that perfect angle, pick that perfect lighting. I'm gonna compose the picture to make yourself look the way you want to look. This is like the perfect example of that meme is the, I mean the girlfriend's Instagram is the tag photos in this situation. This guy clearly caught photoshopping his pictures without a doubt. But I think the most interesting part of this whole thing is that this guy has almost half a million followers on Instagram. And actually, you know the thing is I don't think they're fake followers. This guy actually has a very high engagement on his pictures averaging like 30,000 likes on everything that he posts, which is a pretty high engagement for some of that many followers. So it kind of blows me away and it really goes to show you know how many impressionable people there are out there that do follow fitness Instagrams and fitness YouTube channels. And how people can in fact get away with posting photoshop pictures using fake weights, whatever the case may be, the fake natties stuff as well. And I've said this many times before that's exactly why I don't make fake natties videos because you can't prove you know really empirically whether or not someone's a fake natties really pretty much impossible to prove. So I think those videos are kind of pointless. But I think the photoshop videos are kind of fun because they're very easy to prove. It's very obvious and very evident. This guy's photoshopping his pictures just based on the actual photos of him on his girlfriends Instagram page. But it just really makes you wonder and ask yourself man, it's like what kind of you know how low can your self esteem be? It's like does this guy not have any shame that like he wants to build his entire career in this fitness industry based on his Instagram page of all photos of him that aren't even real. I mean doing a quick scroll through his page pretty much not a single one of these photos looks like it hasn't been tampered with. So this guy has created a completely you know alter ego false image of himself. So personally I just found this to be hilarious. I wanted to share it with you guys. I thought you guys would find it pretty funny too. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Got some entertainment from it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Hope you guys had a great weekend. Next drink of power. Signing out.

=== FILE: White House Chef has Bigger Arms than Mr. Olympia [WV8pKuYHKo0].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so you may have seen the viral photos circulating around the internet right now of the White House chef with a parent 24-inch bias up. So this guy's name is Andre Rush, and he's an army veteran with 24-plus years of army experience. And apparently he is actually a cake decorator and an ice sculptor for the White House. And apparently he's been decorating cakes for the White House since about 1997. But of course the interesting thing here isn't the cakes or the ice sculptures. It's the physique of this guy who is kind of an unassuming chef. Now the interesting thing about this guy is he makes several interesting claims here, the first claim, is that he can indeed bench press 700 pounds. So as many of you that follow this board of power lifting already know, the bench press world record for the raw unequipped bench press is 739 pounds worth 335 kilograms. So if it is true that Andre Rush can bench press 700 pounds, he has close to a world record bencher. So if that's true and that's not an exaggeration, that's not just impressive as a number to the general public seeing these articles. That's impressive to the powerlifting community as well. I mean that's a very impressive bench press. The 700-plus pound bench press club is a very very elite group of power lifters. So that would be very impressive. That's true. I did do some searches on it and I couldn't find any official meats where he actually benched 700 pounds in a meat. So it hasn't been confirmed. In an official meat it's not on the books anywhere. I'm assuming he claims that to be a gym lift. Now the second claim made by Andre Rush is another interesting claim because he claims that his arms measure 24 inches around. Now if that is true, he has bigger arms and Arnold Schwarzenegger had by several inches bigger than Ronnie Coleman, bigger than Jay Cutler and on par with current body builders today like a big ramen. Now even Phil Heath who is currently the greatest body builder of modern times, seven time Mr. Olympia going for his eighth Mr. Olympia win this September. Only has an arm measurement of 23 inches. So even the best body builder in the world today, I'm still an inch smaller than the biceps of Andre Rush. Now granted, I'm not going to say that Andre Rush is lying because number one, he's not in competition conditions. So he doesn't have the low level of body fat that a pro body builder would have. And number two, this guy doesn't look small by any means. I mean this guy does look like he has a massive size arms, certainly over 20 inches. But just to give you guys some perspective, a 24 inch arm measurement is no joke. I mean that's bigger than the biggest of the body builders in the pro body building circuit. Now the third and final claim made by Andre Rush that I find to be one of the most extreme claims that he makes. He claims he's 100% natural and has never taken steroids. In an interview he did with the washing Tony in. They asked him if he had ever taken steroids and his response was and I quote, if I had ever taken steroids, I'd hate to see what kind of monster I would be right now. So overall I just thought this was an interesting current event that I saw pop up in my timeline today. So I just wanted to share that with you guys. I thought you might find it interesting that there's a guy working at the White House with an alleged 700 pound bench press in 24 inch arms. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Do you think his claims are true? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in the power signing out.

=== FILE: Why do Men's Gymnasts have such Big Biceps？ [DftQl3cVKMA].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So one of my subscribers actually sent me an interesting topic that I've never really thought too much about before, and that is the men's Olympic gymnastics team, specifically, they're in sane bicep development. So personally, I've never been the biggest fan of the Olympics. I never really watched them or go out of my way to watch them. So I certainly wasn't very familiar with the men's Olympic gymnastics team, specifically the one this guy was mentioning was the one from 2012. When he gave me this topic and he asked me this question on why they have these extremely developed biceps, I googled some of the pictures he was talking about of some of the athletes that he had mentioned, specifically Jonathan Horton, Jacob Dalton, and a guy named Brandon and Wynn. And of course all of these guys had pretty muscular physics, I mean they're Olympic athletes, they're high level athletes. Particularly the guy that sent me this question he was right. All of these guys actually did have extremely developed biceps to the point where they were disproportionate to the rest of their body. I mean these guys, they had huge biceps. So the subscriber that mentioned this topic, he asked me two questions specifically. Number one, why do these guys have such developed biceps and number two, would it be who a bodybuilder to include some sort of gymnastic routine in their training if they wanted to build bigger biceps? I thought this was a very fascinating question. After I saw the photos of these guys that he was talking about and I realized, okay, there might be something to this. These guys do have extremely developed biceps. So what is it that they're doing in their gymnastics routines or gymnastics training that makes them have this extreme bicep development? So I started looking through the list of gymnastic events that these athletes go through, both the men and the women. Typically what I think of when I think of gymnastics is the floor routine when they're doing flips and stuff. They're judged on their landing, how many flips they do, how artistic they're routine is. And I also think of the balance beam. But one thing that I hadn't really thought of or didn't really realize was gymnastics was an event called the Still Rings. And this is actually something that you see in a lot of gyms, especially CrossFit gyms, there are two rings suspended from a wire cable on the ceiling. And typically in a gym, you're going to see people doing pull ups on these. So this is what got my attention. So obviously a pull up is going to activate your biceps as well as your lats. So I said, okay, let me go ahead and look at some of these athletes. This guy had mentioned Jonathan Horton, Jacob Dalton and Brandon Winn. All of these guys, if you look at their career and their accomplishments, they all excelled in the still rings. All these guys that had very well developed biceps seem to also do very well in the still rings. So I went ahead and looked up what a still rings routine really consisted of. And I've got to say, man, when I watched one of these routines, I was extremely impressed by what these athletes actually do. And it's really a whole lot of balance and really raw strength, specifically though, the arm strength. What they'll do is they'll pull themselves up in a weird position. And they'll statically hold their bodies in that position just exclusively, straining the muscle to hold the body weight there. And it's very fascinating. Now the main thing that I noticed after watching some of these routines is the number one muscle that seems to be activated here is going to be the biceps. I mean, as they pull themselves up into each static position, they start from the base. So they start from the bottom. And the biceps appear to be the main muscle that really initiate the transition from each static hold to another. And one of the poses that's mandatory for all these guys it seems is to pull themselves up into a crucifix pose with their arms fully extended either side of their body. I'm holding their entire body weight with their arms out to the side, which is very impressive. There's a lot of arms and delts involved in that. But some of these guys, what they'll do is basically a front double bicep and just statically hold their body weight in a front double bicep pose, which I found to be very impressive. So I would imagine if you're a guy that specializes in this still rings event, probably the majority of your training is doing pull-ups or bicep movements on those rings. That's why these guys have such big biceps. Now, a lot of these guys just have big arms in general. And the other exercise or the other routine that I found to be responsible for this is something called the pommel whore. So essentially what this is is, it's like a balance beam with two handles on it. And essentially the entire time, these guys are using their hands. I don't think their legs can touch the balance beam. So they're supporting their entire body weight on their hands and arms, the entire routine. And using momentum and triceps strength pretty much to move their body around. So that pommel whore's routine to me looks like it's pretty much exclusively triceps in arm strength. Maybe a little bit of shoulders. But aside from momentum, most of the weight and most of the pressure is going to be on these guys as triceps when they're doing this pommel whore's. So that would be another reason. So a lot of these guys in addition to their gymnastic routines also have a body building routine to go with that. So it's not like they're exclusively doing just rings. It's not like they don't go to the gym at all. And they're just going to the gymnastic training center and just doing rings all day. They actually do have a supplemental body building routine where they actually lift weights and train with weights to achieve these physics. So I wanted to dispel kind of that myth that these guys are achieving their physics exclusively through these gymnastic movements because that's not the case. I do think an exercise like the rings. If you're training that constantly every single day working on your biceps strength, they do this, you know, still rings exercise. That's certainly going to contribute to the size of your biceps. But every single one of these guys is in the gym doing weight training or some kind of body building or strength routine aside from just the gymnastic routine. So I thought it was an interesting topic. I'm actually going to start incorporating some still ring cool ups into my training routine. Instead of just doing regular pull ups, I think it would be beneficial to incorporate some of these where it seems to activate the biceps a lot more than it would the last. So let me know which guys think in the comments section below. I hope you guys found this video interesting and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: Wikipedia VS Jeremy Buendia [_pskrJhEX3o].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So the past couple weeks have not been very good weeks for the four time men's physique Olympia champion Jeremy Boyn, and the idea. Of course in the past weeks he's had the controversy where he was making the statements about bodybuilding being dead, bodybuilding dying, and how men's physique in bikini were quote unquote saving the men's open bodybuilding division. But recently I've had a bunch of people sending me screenshots here of Jeremy Boyn, Dia's Wikipedia page. Now this is something that actually makes me kind of mad because you know like I said, I think a certain degree of trash talk makes bodybuilding interesting. I think when there's a lot of disagreement and people get heated and passionate about a topic surrounding bodybuilding, it's really good for the sport controversy helps the sport grow. But as far as it's hacks on people's personal character talking about their family, their personal life, and trying to throw that out there into the mix, I think that's when things really start to get a little bit shitty and a little bit cloudy. So a bunch of people are sending me screenshots of Jeremy Boyn, Dia's Wikipedia page. Now somebody apparently edited Jeremy Boyn, Dia's page to read this. So Jeremy Boyn, Dia, originally Filipino descent, born October 10, 1990, is currently an American IFBV professional men's physique competitor. He is known for showing a great amount of success in beating his girlfriend and selling out his friends to the cops in order to avoid a prison sentence. So the ironic thing about this is I remember back in high school, all my teachers used to say, you can't cite Wikipedia as a source because anybody can contribute to a Wikipedia article. I think it's kind of ironic because this is a perfect example of that. And I always used to argue that point with my teachers, but I do think it's kind of interesting that just anybody can add this. And I've been checking it the past couple hours and this has stayed up pretty much all day. So hopefully this gets taken down very soon. And I don't know how long it's actually been up there, but I just started getting screenshots of it about last night. So it's been up there for at least a day, but I don't think it's been on there much longer than that. So hopefully Wikipedia takes this down soon. I don't know anything about Jeremy Buendee as personal life. I don't know anything about his girlfriends. And I think it should stay that way. I don't think this kind of stuff should be aired out in public. As far as I know, Jeremy Buendee has never been charged with any kind of crime related to domestic violence. So as far as I'm concerned, it's innocent until proven guilty. And these kind of accusations, you know, maybe there's a place for them on the forum somewhere where people just talk shit on the body building forums. But putting this on is Wikipedia page, man. That's really shitty. And that's, this is really low. I mean, whether you love the guy or you hate the guy, and I don't particularly like him too much myself, but you guys got admit, man. That's kind of low to put that on his Wikipedia. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Hopefully there's a way we can get this taken down. I don't want to see this stay up very long. So give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And if you're a Wikipedia contributor, go try to edit that post and get that out of there. So thank you guys for watching. Next time on Power signing out.

=== FILE: Will Breon Ansley be able to retain the Classic Olympia title this year？ [Xnraqxdtzjk].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I'm going to talk about the current defending champion in classic physique at the Mr. Olympia and that is going to be Breon Ainsley. So Breon is the 2017 classic physique Olympia champ. And a lot of times when I talk about the upcoming classic physique Olympia in 2018, I don't really mention Breon so much. I mention a lot of the new guys that are up and coming and seem to have very impressive physique. So what did I talk about in this video a little bit of the reason for that? And why I'm so excited about the up and comeers and not as excited about Breon Ainsley and the potential of him defending his title. Now first and foremost, I think Breon has an incredible physique. I think he is a very impressive classic physique Mr. Olympia. He's got great legs. He's got a very detailed physique. His conditioning at the 2017 Olympia. I think it was phenomenal. He's got great arms, his bicep peaks in particular. I'm really enhanced a lot of his poses from the front. Now that being said, I think classic physique is going to be a division similar to women's physique. When women's physique first came out, there's a lot of changing of the champions. They weren't really sure. What exactly the look was that they were looking for? If you guys remember, Dana Lynn Bailey won one of the years. I think her physique was a completely different look than some of the champions that you would see in the future such as Julianna Malacarne. I think her and Dana have two very very different physique. I think that was a result of, you know, them really trying to figure out what they wanted from that division. Now classic physique being so new and what we've seen so far between Danny Hester winning the first ever classic physique Olympia in 2016. And then Brianna winning in 2017. I think Brianna and Danny have incredibly different physique. So what that tells me is the standard of judging has changed from 2016 to 2017 as they continue to nail down what the ideal classic physique is that they're looking for in this division, in this category. I think we're going to see that continue to change as we see better and better up and coming classic physique's enter this division. Now one of the people that I talk about a lot is Chris Bumster. Now Chris Bumster is a guy that I honestly believe it's not if it's win this guy wins the Mr. Olympia. This guy is going to win the classic physique, Mr. Olympia, in my book, no matter what. He's got the perfect structure for classic physique. It's a guy that's insanely conditioned. He's very complete. One of the craziest vacuum poses in that division. But more importantly, he has one of the craziest front last spreads in that division. And for that reason, I think the front last spread is one of the most dangerous poses in classic physique. And one of the most important poses in classic physique as well, because it most emphasizes that V-taper and that X-frame structure, which I think Chris has almost nailed down perfectly. And Chris Bumster was second at last year's Olympia, but I think Chris and Brianna, again, are two guys with very different physique. I think they're really not similar at all, honestly. And I think for that reason, Chris and Brianna being one and two last year, I think that was the judge's kind of saying, okay, we don't really know yet, which one of these two physique, we prefer for classic physique. But we're going to go with Brianna this year. I think this year is going to be different. I think Chris Bumster, they're going to realize this guy has one of the perfect frames, perfect structures for classic physique. And he's going to end up winning. Now, of course, you do have a lot of up-and-comers in this division. You've got Steve Lourius who recently said he's skipping the 2018 Mr. Olympia. You've of course got Regan Grimes, who was a former men's open bodybuilder that has the last minute decided to jump into classic physique at the New York pro. And then, of course, you've got my 2017 Mr. Golden era in Wesley Visters. But honestly, I think of all these up-and-coming guys, the guy with the best chance of winning the 2018 Mr. Olympia is not bring on. It's not Wesley. I think it's Chris Bumster. Now again, this is nothing against Brianna. He does have an incredible physique, but I think there's too many weaknesses. And I'm going to just physique such as the chest. I think his chest could come up a lot. And while Brianna does have a pretty good V-Taper, I think Chris Bumster has an even better V-Taper. I think Chris Bumster has slightly better legs and a slightly better back than Brianna. But of course, Brianna does beat him in their guard of he has much better arm development. I think that's very important for classic, especially in poses like the victory pose, which is a very important classic pose. But personally, I think this year we're going to see the best Chris Bumster that we've ever seen. We're probably going to see a very good Brianna as well. And it's going to be a tough battle. But at the end of the day, I think Chris Bumster is going to take the title in 2018. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Brianna, and Zlee, will be able to retain his title in 2018. Please let me know in the comment section. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Thanks for your time.

=== FILE: Will Kai Greene Compete at the 2018 Olympia？ [l3llHKf5x_Y].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so I've seen a lot of speculation about Kairin potentially competing in the 2018 Olympia. Now all of this speculation and all these videos that I've seen thus far are all based on the interview that Kairin did at the 2018 Arno Classic, where essentially he says in that interview he has never retired from bodybuilding and he'll see what 2018 holds as far as competing. So he never actually confirmed, yes I'm doing the Olympia in that interview and a lot of the videos that I've seen are kind of spinning that interview as to you know that the interview basically said he is doing the Olympia. So here's what he actually said. Are we going to see a return to you on the competitive stage? Well it's very, very possible right now. I'm very, very excited. I think they want to get the thumbs up. I'm not facing it. I think you're very, very much. Yeah, you know what? I've never stopped bodybuilding and I've definitely not retired. You know 2018 looks a little interesting. We'll see how that turns out. So based on what he said in that interview, that is not confirmation to me that he is doing the 2018 Olympia although I'm sure a lot of us and a lot of you guys would love to see him compete in the 2018 Olympia myself included. I would love to see Kairin compete in 2018. But here's why I don't think he is. Kairin is not qualified yet to compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia just because you play second at the Mr. Olympia in the past. It does not qualify you for life to compete at the Mr. Olympia in the future. So here's how you qualify for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. You either have had to have placed top five at last year's Mr. Olympia or 2017. You have to win a pro show or become top three in the point standing. So you earn points even if you don't want to show it and you compete in a bunch of shows, you can still qualify based on points placing within the top five at any of those shows. You can earn points including the Arnold Classic Australia, Pittsburgh, Pro, New York, Pro, Tampa, Pro, Pro, Toronto, Pro, Chicago, Pro. Any of those shows which have been happening right now and are happening throughout the summer. So right now this is really the peak of the body building competitive season. This is where everybody is trying to qualify for the Olympia. And Coy Green would have to be doing that just like everybody else is doing that. Coy Green would have to be competing in this qualification series to either win a show or compete in a bunch of shows and qualify based on points. So as we know Coy Green did not do the 2017 Olympia so he cannot qualify based on that. He did not do the Arnold Classic so he didn't get any points for that. He did not do the New York Pro or the Arnold Classic Australia so he did not get any points from those. The Toronto Pro is another show that just happened this weekend where you can earn points are qualified by winning and he obviously did not do that show as well. So the opportunities for Coy Green to qualify for the Olympia which is coming up in September just a few months away now are becoming very, very slim. There's only a couple more shows coming up between now and September. You have the Chicago Pro and the Vancouver Pro which are both in July. I think both of those are opportunities for him to qualify. And then there's not really any major shows in August and then September obviously you have the Olympia beginning on September 14th. So I think if Coy Green were going to compete in qualify he would have done a bigger show possibly like the New York Pro, the Cali Pro, the Toronto Pro or even the Arnold Classic if he were trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. The Chicago Pro in Vancouver Pro are both still options but I think Coy Green is a little bit higher caliber of a competitor than doing it of those two shows but he still might it's still a possibility because he is you know year around he seems to be in pretty good shape. I'm still you know actively body building year round but aside from those two more opportunities coming up I don't know if we're going to see Coy Green at the Mr. Olympia stage because the only other option if he does not compete to qualify would be that he gets a special invitation and we know he got a special invitation a few years back and turned it down. So I don't think the IFB is going to be too willing to hand out another special invitation considering the fact that he did turn down that last one although I'm sure they see the money in offering him a special invitation because obviously everybody all the body building fans want to see Coy Green compete obviously he's one of the most popular I'm in most followed body builders in the sport so I know they know they would stand to make money so I guess it would be a possibility that they could offer him another special invitation but I think the odds of that happening are very very slim. I don't think Coy Green would want a special invitation I think Coy Green would want to qualify on his own merits of winning a show or on points or whatever the case may be. I don't think Coy Green wants to be handed the opportunity to compete at the Mr. Olympia I think Coy Green is the type of guy that wants to earn it. Now that being said Coy Green did hint that he might compete in 2018. Now just because he doesn't compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia doesn't mean he still doesn't have the opportunity to compete in the year 2018 there's still a lot of shows following the Mr. Olympia that he could compete in including shows like the Prague Pro which Coy Green has done in the past so even if he doesn't do the Mr. Olympia there's still a small window for him to compete after the Mr. Olympia but as far as the qualification series is concerned and shows in the competitive season leading up to the Mr. Olympia that window is rapidly closing for Coy Green even though back in March he said he maybe wanted to compete in 2018 that was in March we're now in June the competitive season is starting to quickly wrap up so let me know what you guys think in the comment section below do you think we're going to see Coy Green on an IAPB stage in 2018 and what do you think that stage will be do you think it will be the Mr. Olympia do you think he's going to get another special invitation or do you think he's going to never do the Olympia again but maybe compete here and there at an Arnold Classic or a bigger show like the New York Pro Chicago Pro Prague Pro Toronto Pro a show like that more fitting for Coy Green so let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of the power signing out.

=== FILE: Will Regan Grimes compete in Classic Physique in 6 Weeks？ [TK_ZRBz3njQ].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick trying to power us on this video. I want to talk about a bodybuilder named Riegen Grimes. I'm sure a lot of you guys already know who he is. So he had been training out in Kuwait at Oxen Gym for a while now and he had recently left and after he left, he also announced that he would be dropping down from men's open bodybuilding to compete in classic physique. So he recently announced that his next show is going to be the New York pro. So the big question on everybody's minds is will he be competing in classic physique division at the New York pro in 2018? Now Riegen recently posted a picture at six weeks out from the New York pro where he said his weight is still 265 pounds. Now the important thing to remember about classic physique is that it goes by height and it goes by weight. So there are weight restrictions up to certain heights. Now I believe Riegen would be competing in the six foot to six foot one weight class, but he could possibly be competing in the over six foot, one weight class, which is six foot one to six foot two. So if he were to do the six foot to six foot one height and weight class, his weight would be limited to 230 pounds. And if he were to do the six foot one to six foot two weight class, his weight would be limited to 240 pounds. Now I'm pretty sure he's not six foot two to six foot three. But he is a taller bodybuilder. But if he were six foot two to six foot three, his weight would still be limited to 247. So I think in all likelihood he's going to be in that six foot to six foot one. And that weight cap is again 230 pounds. So he is currently about 35 pounds away from making that weight cap. 25 pounds from making the next highest weight cap. So the question is, is he even going to be able to fit down into this category? Now classic physique is certainly set up in a way that it does benefit the taller bodybuilder, because they can't have a little bit more muscle mass on their frame, because the weight is increased exponentially. And since he is a taller bodybuilder, he then has that advantage going into classic physique. But the question is, as six weeks out, is 265 pounds too heavy for him to make it in the classic physique. I'll be honest with you guys. I think Greg and Grimes has an amazing physique. It's probably even better suited for the classic physique division. If he's able to get his weight down to that point, I mean, he's got a great line. He's got a great V-taper. It's upper body and lower body are both on point. He's really a guy that has very few weaknesses, and he's a younger guy that has a lot of room to improve. So if his goal is really to stop competing and men's open and go ahead and compete in classic physique, I think that's certainly something he would excel at again with the caveat that he's able to make that weight limit. So I'm hoping for his sake that he's going to do the six foot one to six foot two. I thought he was about six foot one, so it could be either or. But if he does the six foot one to six foot two, I could certainly see him dropping 25 pounds over the next six weeks to be under 240. I could see him doing that. But 230 pounds, if he's really trying to go for that weight class, I just really don't see dropping 35 pounds in six weeks. That's number one being healthy and number two, how is that going to impact his physique? And number three, is that even possible? Because again, in the photo that you can see of him at six weeks out, he doesn't look extremely lean. He still has a significant amount of water weight and or fat. So there's definitely some weight to be lost there. But is it 35 pounds in six weeks? That is the main question. So personally, I think he'd be does choose the do classic physique and he's able to make the weight class. This is going to be a division where I think Reg and Grimes is going to be extremely successful. And personally, I think he made the right call. He said he had some health concerns with his family, a family history of health concerns. And that's why he didn't want to pursue men's open. He felt he was getting too big. I'm pushing things to a point where it might hinder his health a little bit. So I think that's certainly the smart decision to make and dropping weight. I think it's always going to be the smarter and healthier decision to make. And that's where I think classic physique is going to be a perfect division for guys like Reg and that are both. You know, they have the potential to be very successful as a men's open body builder. But let's say they don't want to push their body to the unhealthy extremes. You know, that really they have to push to because the bar has been set that high in terms of overall size and men's open. It's really something that you have to do if you want to be successful. And then you have this division in classic physique where you don't have to push the limit as hard. And you can still have an amazing physique. But maybe not have, you know, that extra 30 or 40 pounds of muscle that you might have to have in men's open to be successful. So I wish all the best for Reg and Grimes. I think he's going to do very, very well in classic physique again. If you can make that weight limit. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think it's possible for him to make either the 230 or 240 pound weight cap in classic physique? Being that he is 265 right now at six weeks out from the New York pro. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.

=== FILE: William Bonac Guest Posing 10 weeks out [i6zWjXvWOY4].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time to Power. So we've got a guess posing here from William Bonac, who took third at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. And we are about 10 weeks out from the 2018 Mr. Olympia. I'm comparatively speaking, I would say William Bonac in this guess posing condition. It's one of the best condition guys. At this point in his Olympia prep compared to what I've seen even from Phil Heath, Big Romney, Dexter Jackson. William Bonac appears to be an amazing shape already and he still has over 10 weeks to go. So I think a lot of people are underestimating William Bonac and people are getting caught up in, you know, the Phil Heath versus Big Romney situation with all the progress pictures leaked of Big Romney even though William Bonac came very close to actually beating Big Romney last year. And people get caught up and thinking, well, maybe Kyle will come back and Kyle will be the number one threat. But I think honestly, William Bonac is a huge threat to that top three. This is a guy that, you know, Phil and Romney need to look out for. I think based on this guess posing here, you know, William Bonac came to play. He's not messing around. It looks like, you know, he's going to be in shape at the Olympia and an in shape William Bonac is a guy that a lot of these guys should be afraid of. A lot of these guys have a tendency to come in off when the conditioning starts to slip, when the midsection starts to slip. That's when a guy like William Bonac that comes in with good conditioning, that's when they really move up. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how William Bonac is looking. I just wanted to make sure I gave William Bonac some equal coverage here. Since everyone was talking about the progress pictures of Big Romney and the progress pictures of Phil Heath, let's not forget William Bonac took third last year and you could have made an argument for him taking second. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schreiff and Power signing out.

=== FILE: Worst Bodybuilding Injuries of the Year [ETd0S_Eggcc].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video we're going to talk about the three most career impacting body-building injuries of 2018. So starting with Jeremy Boyne Dia in the number three spot. So Jeremy Boyne Dia is a three-time men's physique Olympia champion. And recently he suffered a pectair towards the end of 2017. And out of that pectair came a lot of photos and videos of Jeremy Boyne Dia looking significantly downsized almost to the point where he looked like a natural bodybuilder. Leaving many people to speculate that this pectair could have dramatically impacted his possibility to repeat at the Olympia this September. However based on the photos he's been posting recently on social media it appears that Jeremy Boyne Dia has made a significant amount of progress towards recovering from that injury. And he no longer looks how he looked towards the beginning of getting out of the hospital and getting back in the gym. He looks more like his old self now. He doesn't look so much like he's going to be held back by this injury, but only time will tell and we will see in September if this pectair suffered by Jeremy Boyne Dia will impact his ability to win the Olympia again in 2018. Now coming in the number two spot we have probably the biggest name on this body-building list and that would be Dexter Jackson. Dexter Jackson at the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia suffered from a clear bicep injury going into that show. Now the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia was actually won by Roli Winkler. However a lot of people were expecting Dexter Jackson to win that show after his showing at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, where he narrowly placed second to William Boenack. Again, the way that this impact that is placing in the Arnold Australia led a lot of people to believe this was going to impact his placing in September at the Mr. Olympia. If you're not able to fully overcome this injury, however he's been posting again on social media, looking like that bicep has healed completely and the injury has taken care of itself. So again, time will tell at the Olympia in September if Dexter Jackson will be able to overcome this career impacting injury. Now taking the number one spot on this list, this should be no surprise to anybody and that is Kalimvan Mogger. So Kalimvan Mogger has had terrible luck recently in terms of injury. So of course we all know about the bicep injury that he suffered in 2017, where he attempted to joint curl 405 pounds with classic physique Olympia runner-up Chris Bumsta. Now of course this was a terrible idea. I don't know how they expected it to end, but it ended with him tearing his bicep. As a result, there are a lot of pictures that surface the pin with his bicep significantly atrophied in comparison to the other bicep. Now shortly after that in 2018, he would actually suffer from another major injury and that would be a quad-terre when he was attempting to repel off of a cliff. So this is a very significant injury for Kalim because he was on the road to competing in classic physique in the iFBB chasing after that pro-card and then chasing after that Olympia qualification, which would have really defined his career as a competitive bodybuilder had he made it into the iFBB as a pro, which honestly I think if he had not gotten injured, he had a really good shot of becoming a pro-classic physique competitor and a really good shot of qualifying for the Olympia. But these two injuries have halted his career more than anybody else on this list and that's why he takes the number one spot. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the injuries in this list. Thank you guys for watching and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to power, signing out.

=== FILE: You're not fooling anyone bro... [uRPnkrHe5Xs].txt ===

Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. I wanted to talk about something in this video that I've never really addressed in a video before. That is Photoshop within the fitness industry. I've seen this a couple times on Instagram and it always blows my mind. The fact that people think that nobody realizes their Photoshop and their pictures. In fact, they think it looks natural, the fact that they think it looks normal for them, the Photoshop, their pictures. Like nobody's going to notice, I just think the whole thing is just ridiculous and super vain and it's just stupid. So today I was scrolling through my Instagram feed and I follow a BPI sports nutrition, their supplement company. And they reposted a picture from one of their BPI sponsored athletes. So I looked at that photo and right off the bat, I said to myself, that looks really, really suspect. So this is the photo that you're looking at here. Some guy that I've never heard of is real, is male, Martinez. But just looking at the photo, I'm just knowing what a real arm looks like and not knowing what his arm really looks like. I just knew, you know, there's something off about this photo. So I'm looking through the comments there and I don't see anybody saying Photoshop. I'm like, there's no way that no one notices this guy's photoshopping his arms. I mean, his arm is bigger than his freaking head in this picture. So I clicked on his profile to see what was going on. So I scrolled through his Instagram and I found a picture of him actually flexing his BPI set that looked unedited. So it looks like this whole editing pictures thing is something that he started doing recently. So in this picture you can clearly tell, he hasn't done any editing to his BPI sets. But let's go ahead and jump back to the suspicious looking photo in boom. All of a sudden you've got a BPI set that's like six inches bigger and the photo was posted just a couple days later. I mean, guys, this is just ridiculous. So this guy's most recent picture, he's doing kind of a side BPI set pose. And his arm looks kind of suspicious there. There looks to be some bending on the lettering above his shoulder there. If you look very closely, it looks like the letters are a little bit distorted. So that kind of looked like there's a filter on that. So I scrolled down just a little bit more and found a photo of his arm. I was looking normal and again, put these side by side and you can clearly see a massive difference between these two pictures of his arms. He's clearly photoshopping his pictures. And again, this guy isn't the only guy doing this. I've seen other guys, lots of other guys doing this. I wanted to bring this to you guys as attention. I'm just a ridiculousness of the industry in some cases where people are so desperate to get a sponsorship or people are so desperate to get attention. People just want to get noticed so badly. I don't even photoshop themselves. You know, becoming something that they aren't even because they want the approval and respect of others for something that's not even really them. I mean, the whole thing is just kind of psychotic and ridiculous. The whole mindset behind it. They want attention so badly. But the attention that they're getting is for something that's not even real. It's not even them. The whole thing just blows my mind. I mean, social media has done such amazing things for the sport. In terms of giving fans accessibility to their favorite athletes. I mean, any pro body builder you guys can name. I'm just pretty much on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, whatever. For you fans to, you know, get constant updates on what they're doing in their lives. Send them messages interact with them, talk to them. It's much, much better than back in the day where you only had magazine. You had to wait months to get your information. So in that regard, social media has been a great thing for body building. There's things like this. The fake weights. The guys taking crazy amounts of synth all. And now the guys photoshopping their pictures. I mean, this is the stuff that brings out the negative side of the fitness industry that makes people think, all of everyone involved in this is just a bunch of super vein, self absorbed borderline psychotic, just assholes, really. Now putting some filters on your picture is one thing. But taking, you know, literally going into Photoshop and changing the shape of your body. I mean, this is, it just blows my mind. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you guys think he's photoshopping his pictures? And my opinion he clearly is, please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next drink and power signing out.

=== FILE: Young Ronnie Coleman had a Classic Physique [LdRBNQq845U].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Staving Power and today I want to make a video about young Ronnie Coleman and that would be Ronnie Coleman in the early years of his pro career and just before he turned pro. So specifically some of the photos that we should look at here from the 1991 World Amateur Championships which Ronnie Coleman won the overall at, earning him his pro card and then 1992 would be his pro debut at the Chicago pro and for several years throughout the early 90s Ronnie Coleman will not place very successfully or very highly at really any shows and especially not the Mr. Olympia. Now obviously nowadays Ronnie Coleman is known for his Olympia reign from 1998 to 2005 winning himself a record total of eight Mr. Olympia titles tying him with Lee Haney for the record of most Olympia's ever won making him arguably the greatest bodybuilder of all time and one of the things that made Ronnie Coleman such a memorable bodybuilder was the sheer size and mass that Ronnie Coleman brought to the Olympia stage. He was simply unbeatable just from the sheer standpoint of how much muscle this guy carried on his frame especially from the back and on his legs. He was almost unbeatable from the back and while many bodybuilding fans refer to him as the greatest Mr. Olympia of all time there are many that refer to him as the freakyest Mr. Olympia of all time for that reason the fact that his competition weight was anywhere from 287 to 300 pounds on stage in ripped shredded condition. I'd like to refer you guys to 2003 Ronnie Coleman's 2003 Mr. Olympia appearance by all accounts 2003 Ronnie Coleman was one of the most impressive bodybuilders to ever step foot on a bodybuilding stage from size, freakiness, detail, vascularity. He had it all in 2003 and that was arguably one of Ronnie Coleman's biggest physiques but that's not going to be the focus of this video even though Ronnie Coleman was known for being a mass monster and a freaky bodybuilder the early days of Ronnie Coleman actually made Ronnie in my opinion someone with the perfect physique for the new classic physique division and this is something that I think would be an interesting topic because something that nobody would really expect when you think of Ronnie Coleman you think of 300 pounds Mr. Olympia Ronnie Coleman you know one of the freakyest bodybuilders of all time you don't typically think of a young 27 year old Ronnie Coleman that has not yet turned pro with actually a very aesthetic very classic looking physique. Now during his Olympia reign Ronnie Coleman did draw some criticism from his detractors about the size of his waist his waist would often come in a little bit blown out a little bit distended and he often had what people call today a bubble gut but when Ronnie Coleman the first got started bodybuilding and his mid to late 20s he didn't have any signs of a gut whatsoever in fact I believe his waist was one of his strongest points because he had such an insane V-taper effect with his earlier version of his physique and that's exactly what they're looking for in the classic physique division today I'm an a young Ronnie Coleman I think would be a perfect competitor for that division he had the upper body size and even though he wasn't nearly as big as he was during his Olympia reign he still had a pretty good size back which gave him a very good illusion of a V-taper it made all of his front poses look very good the front double bias up the standing relaxed the front last bread all of these poses for a young Ronnie Coleman presented a very classic physique now it is worth mentioning in this video that Ronnie Coleman does claim that back in 1991 so these photos that you're looking at reason the pinkish purple trunks he claims to have won that show 100% naturally making him what a V-taper I would be pros to claim to have won their pro-card drug free now the purpose of this video is not to debate whether or not that's true but if it is true Ronnie Coleman might have some of the best body building genetics of all time now I think the classic characteristics of Ronnie Coleman's early physique are a perfect example of a counterpoint to the argument that people who compete in classic physique are people who do not have the genetics to be a men's open mr. Olympia I think of classic physique had been around back then Ronnie Coleman could have competed in that and been very successful so the point that I'm getting at there is I believe a lot of the competitors in classic physique today do have the potential to do well at the Olympia they do have body building genetics and they do have genetics like a young Ronnie Coleman did but instead they choose not to push it and go any further than that and they want to go for the most classic physique possible rather than competing in the men's open Olympia and just going for the biggest most muscular freakyest physique possible because if I'm being 100% honest with you guys I prefer the younger version of Ronnie Coleman's physique to the more larger freaker blown out version of Ronnie Coleman's physique I think at Ronnie Coleman stayed the size that he did in 1991 that would have been a very preferable physique had the size standards at the Olympia not been what they were unfortunately Ronnie Coleman had to get as big as he got to be competitive with the guys in the 90s and to win those Olympia it was necessary for him to gain that size but I think from an aesthetically pleasing standpoint the younger version of Ronnie Coleman in my opinion is one of the best versions of Ronnie Coleman so I hope you guys enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and let me know in the comment section below about what you think of Ronnie Coleman's younger physique and do you think he would have cut it as a classic physique competitor thank you guys for watching the video Nick's Drankham Power signing out

=== FILE: ＂You can't call yourselves Mr. Olympia＂ - Phil Heath's GF [POUweD96QpE].txt ===

Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I've got an interesting topic of debate for you guys. So last night on Instagram, Phil Heath's girlfriend posted a video showing all of Phil Heath's sandout trophies and medals. In the caption of this video, was I keep seeing fellow Olympia winners of other divisions, calling themselves a Mr. Olympia of their division. I'm going to help you all out. This is what Mr. Olympia gets for winning the Mr. Olympia competition. If you're not an open-class bodybuilder, winning the Mr. Olympia open-heavyweight division, then you are not Mr. O. So if you compete at the Mr. Olympia in September and you win your division, that just means you're the champion of that division. You're not Mr. Olympia and if you think you are, I kindly suggest you go check your trophy wall. If a sandout isn't there, then it should help you with the confusion of using that title that isn't yours. It's disrespectful to my man's hard work and the 12 other Mr. Olympias who stood on that stage. The comments on this post are turned off and this isn't up for discussion or debate. Well, I disagree with that part because the comments are on in this video and I want you guys to debate this in the comment section below. Now the reason why I found this interesting is because it only applies to really four other men out there. You got Flex Lewis who is the five time to 12 Olympia champion. You've got Brianna Andesley who is the current Classic physique Olympia champion and you also have Danny Hester who won the Classic physique Olympia last year. And finally the person who this is probably directed at is Jeremy Boindia who is currently the four time men's physique Olympia champion. Now even though this is probably directed at Jeremy because he has the most or he's been in the middle of the most controversy lately, it does really apply to all four of these men. She guys might be a little surprised with my opinion here because I do actually agree with her to an extent. There's only one division at the Olympia competition that is competing for the Mr. Olympia title. That's not really up for debate. There's only one division where you win that title. There's only one Mr. Olympia title and that goes to the winner of men's open body building. It's been that way since 1965. That is the Mr. Olympia. Technically speaking, every other category at the Mr. Olympia is just a division at the Olympia. If you win Classic physique, you won Classic physique at the Olympia. You didn't become Mr. Olympia, you won Classic physique at the Olympia. If you win men's physique, you win men's physique at the Olympia. None of those divisions are being earned the title of Mr. Olympia. That's just how it is. So from a technical standpoint, she's right. Nobody else is earning that title of Mr. Olympia. However, I will disagree that when these guys say, I am the 2012 Mr. Olympia or I am the Classic physique Mr. Olympia or I'm the men's physique Mr. Olympia. If they call themselves Mr. Olympia, but specify which category they won. I don't really see a problem with that. I don't think that's disrespectful at all. Especially when you're trying to explain it to the general public or the mainstream. I won my division at the Mr. Olympia. Doesn't sound quite as good as I'm the Classic physique Mr. Olympia. However, there are a couple guys that she could be referring to, including Jeremy Boyndia, that I have seen refer to themselves as simply Mr. Olympia. No other title, no other explanation, no men's physique, no Classic physique. I am Mr. Olympia or Mr. Olympia in their bio. And that actually does include both Classic physique Mr. Olympia. They both have that in their bio as well. They don't have Classic physique Olympia. They just have Mr. Olympia. Now even though I do slightly agree with Shari here, I do want to play Devil's Advocate. So women's bodybuilding, female bodybuilding. They're used to only be one Miss Olympia. And that was the winner of the female bodybuilding division at the Olympia. That's how it always was up until female bodybuilding went away. The guys might remember Dana Lynn Bailey when she won the Olympia. Everybody called her Miss Olympia. No one had a problem with it. Everyone referred to Dana Lynn Bailey as Miss Olympia. However, she didn't win the female bodybuilding division. She won the Women's Physique Division. So I just wanted to throw that into conversation before everyone's like, oh, that's just disrespectful and dumb. I want to remind everybody that I've seen pretty much everybody calling Dana Lynn Bailey Miss Olympia. And no one was complaining about her taking that title. When technically female bodybuilding is the only division that was supposed to get that title. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in power, signing out.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-13T06:26:35.566638Z ===
