Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I wanted to make a video about another pro body builder that was very successful throughout the 80s and 90s. I'm going to just career what really come to an end after joining Vince McMahon's WBF Body Building Federation. This body builder was my Christian. Now my Christian really is one of the more impressive body builders to come out of the 1980s because his upper body was really one of the best in the game. I'm probably the main thing that would let him down at the majority of these competitions would probably be his leg size. Now my Christian actually had a relatively short career with the I if you'd be lasting only about five years but during that five year span he competed in 22 competitions winning five of those. So winning five major pro shows in the I if you'd be in some of those competitions where Olympia appearances every single one of which he placed in the top six. So 85, 86, 87, 89 and 90 he competed in the Olympia all of those years placing within the top six every single year and it's best placing at the Olympia will be a third place finish in 1986. And many people still say to this day that Mike Christian back in the day when he was competing at the Olympia this was during the reign of Lehani. I mean a lot of people still say to this day he was one of a few guys that had the upper body size and the upper body structure to really rival a guy like Lehani. And then again once you go back down to the lower body it just really wasn't there to the point where he could ever be Lee. And in terms of overall size throughout that upper body he was very comfortably Haney and he had a various aesthetic physique. So going in in 1991 that would be where you would see Mike Christian's career with the I if you'd be coming to an end. So in 1991 Vince McMahon held the first ever WBF World Bodybuilding Federation Championships. So in 1991 Mike Christian actually fared very well at that competition placing second to Gary Strideham. Now obviously Gary Strideham won both years of the WBF Championships. And I made a video about Gary Strideham a couple of weeks ago actually talking about how Vince McMahon kind of picked Gary Strideham to be the guy kind of his own Arnold Schwarzenegger in a sense. He thought he would be the guy that could help bring down the I.P.B. He could be you know his star body builder. He had the looks. He had the physique. And Vince really seemed to think that Gary Strideham had what it took to be kind of the next big star like Arnold Schwarzenegger. And that's kind of what a lot of people thought he was doing with Gary. Mike Christian will take second in 1991 and then 1992 he wouldn't even be in the top five. And then in 1992 obviously the WBF was not successful. So it would end in 1992 and from that point forward Mike Christian's bodybuilding career would essentially come to an end. So that brings me to the kind of then and now portion of this video. So Mike Christian is currently 63 years old as of 2018. So recently he's been back in the gym and working on his physique and he actually still has maintained a pretty significant amount of muscle for a 63-year-old man. So I wanted to give you guys some perspective and show you guys what he accomplished throughout his professional bodybuilding career in the 80s and 90s and show you what he still looks like today as of 2018 almost 30 years past the prime of his bodybuilding career. So that is the video on Iron Mike Christian guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next strength and power signing out.