Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick Strengthen Power. I've got a couple of interesting stories for you guys today. The first story that I've got for you guys today, Nick Walker. A couple new physique updates of Nick Walker and also, he talks a little bit more about why he left his coach Kyle Wilk. So this clip is from a Fouad's podcast. And Nick says, well, here I'll just roll the clip for you guys here. I don't because if I start, it's just, I'm going to, I'm going to literally go go the fucking in. So I'm going to be the bigger person again for the thousand times in my life. And I'm just going to say, I just did not like some, the way his methods were. I didn't line with what I do. And it was just best that I started to do my own thing. So Nick says I'm going to be the bigger person again for the thousandth time in my life. And I'm just going to say I did not like the way his methods were. It didn't align with what I do. And it was just best that I started to do my own thing. And I think, you know, I want to be fair to Nick here because there's a lot of people dunking on Nick right now for leaving yet another coach. And yes, Nick has kind of bounced from coach to coach. It seems like that has kind of become almost a pattern with him. But two next credit, he did call him. He didn't just ghost him. He didn't just block him. He called him and said, no, I don't want to work together anymore. And as a body builder, I do feel like if you don't like your coaching situation, you shouldn't, I guess you shouldn't feel obligated to stay. And if you just, if you don't like their methods or what they're doing, and you want to go and work with someone else, coach or self, whatever, and you give him a phone call and express that, is it that big of a deal, I guess, is the question. Now I think obviously the concern from body building fans is that on face value, it looks like what Nick is doing is as soon as he has a bad placing, blames the coach, leaves the coach. On face value, it does look like that. I do get that. And I agree with that actually. It does kind of look that way. He stays with him for New York. He stays with him for Pittsburgh. Two very good looks, one of them being a win, battle, and be a placing, splits with the coach. I would have liked to see Nick stick with Kyle. Take the information from the Olympia placing and the Olympia look, try to fix it and come back and do another show. But Nick is the body builder. If Nick doesn't want to do that, he doesn't really have to. And honestly, they did unfollow each other or at least, I believe Kyle said he didn't unfollow Nick, but Nick like removed him as a follower and then Nick unfollowed him. But aside from that, and aside from Nick saying he didn't like the Pittsburgh look, which seemed to be the biggest thing that Kyle had an issue with when I was watching the podcast of Kyle address it, aside from those two things, it doesn't seem to be like any real drama about this decision. It does kind of seem like Nick is saying, I didn't like my Olympia look. I don't like my coach's methods. I want to try something different. It does seem like based on what we've heard so far. There might not be much more to it than that. And Nick has been through so many coaches at this point, like I said, I get it and I agree with that. I think it is, I think it is alarming as a Nick Walker fan to see him change coach this many times. But I guess we never really know. Sometimes it's valid, sometimes it's not. And like I said in a previous video, I feel like sometimes the role of a coach may be overstated and maybe if an athlete is just that good, they're just that good, Samson being the prime example of that, you know, being brought by his wife and notice respect to his wife, but he won the Olympia after leaving mellows his coach to be coached by his wife. And obviously that's not accounting for this year, but Samson did win the Olympia after leaving his coach in doing his own thing. Now, that doesn't mean that's going to be the case for Nick, but maybe it could be. We've seen it recently happen. And so while we kind of sit here and speculate what's going to be next for Nick, I think it might still be the Arnold. Samson is also an interesting conversation too. I saw a post on Instagram, the other day that said, Samson has not won a single show that he's competed in since he won the Olympia. And I thought that was an interesting fact. The Arnold this year, the Olympia this year and Prague this year after Samson won the Olympia, he lost every show after that. And it really does beg the question, what's next for Samson? Possibly the Arnold. But I'm going to be honest with you guys. I have a feeling if Samson does do the Arnold. I feel like he's not going to win it. I feel like it's too soon after the Olympia in Prague. And I feel like he's on a losing streak right now. That's really kind of the fact of the matter. I'm thinking this is probably a back to the drawing board moment for Samson after the Prague show. And I think you think about like, you've already gotten Martin and Andrew Jack confirmed that they're doing the Arnold. I don't think that in a couple of months, Samson is going to turn around and be Andrew and Martin again. I think if Martin keeps bringing what he brought in Prague, he's only going to be moving up. I can't see him moving backwards if he keeps bringing looks like that. And we all know how everybody feels about Andrew Jack. I don't think that now that Andrew has figured out what he needs to bring to be in that top three conversation, it's going to take a lot for Samson to come back and get him out of it. Now I did see this post earlier today. This is on this fit dude's body building Facebook page that is Terek El Gundi saying Derek Elun's for it is competing in the 2026 Arnold Classic. Now I sent this to some of the folks at the Arnold, just to verify it. And they said to their knowledge as of right now they haven't heard from him and he's not doing it. Now I was a little surprised to see this post because we heard what Derek said at the Sunday seminar after the Olympia. He said that he's taking a break. He wants to get back to his family. He won the three shows that he wanted to win in 2025. The Pittsburgh, the Arnold, the Olympia, the triple crown. He's got another kid on the way. He just announced that recently another baby on the way. I don't think that we see Derek do this show. On top of that, I don't think he probably wants to. I feel like Derek needs and wants this break from competing because look, every time he competes, especially the Olympia, look at the wave of hate that Derek has gotten this year. And look, I get it. People don't like Derek's physique. They don't like his biases. And trust me, I agree. I like Tati Chupin better. But I'm not a judge. I would have rather seen how do you win than Derek. That's legitimately what I think. I get it. But I'm kind of starting to feel bad for Derek because again, Derek's not a judge. Derek did not pick himself to win the show. So I think if you don't like the result, take it up with the judges. Don't take it up with Derek. Derek, it's not his fault that he won. And I kind of feel bad for him because I did a short video about this yesterday. Derek's coach Chris Asito on RX muscle was talking about what happened with Derek. So just to catch you guys up, backstage at the 2025 Mr Olympia. Derek wasn't feeling well. If you guys noticed and most of you guys are pretty astute bodybuilding fans, so you guys noticed that when they did the finals routines at the Olympia, Derek was the last person to go, not Samsung. A lot of people noticed this because every year at the Olympia, the returning defending champion is always the last to go. Derek was not the returning defending champion. Samsung is. So why was Derek last and not Samsung? That was a big point of discussion on the microphone Bob Chikarilla made a point to say that Derek wasn't feeling well backstage. And that was the reason for the slight delay with the start time of finals. I believe men's up in bodybuilding started maybe 30 minutes late. And then Derek was moved to the end of the individual routines that he was the very last guy. So a lot of people and there's I've seen all kinds of speculation about what was going on with this. The diuretic thing I saw, the, I saw people saying that he passed out. I saw people saying he was having chest pains. I saw everything in between. And Derek's coach, Chris Asido came out to clarify and said that Derek was having a panic attack backstage at the Olympia. It was his anxiety getting the best of him. Here's what Chris Asido had to say in full. But if I tell you what it's got to do it, I wanted to discount the idea that he had any serious health issue at all backstage. His pupils were not dilated. He was not sweating. He was not sweating profusely. His blood pressure was not high. You can interpret that date. His blood pressure was low. His blood sugar, which indicates things as you know, was 100% normal. His resting heart rate was that of a tennis father, sitting in the stands of a tennis match, which means his resting heart rate was 100% normal. He had no cramps whatsoever, no cramps whatsoever. I don't know how many times I have to say that. So this idea that he was cramping up or had any issues with diuretics is ridiculous. At the Olympia, he had backstage a panic attack. And so when I was called, the reason I walked from my seat from you through the venue, like I was walking board through the main mall, is because I was surprised that he, you know, he had asked Freddie to see if Chris become backstage. And I thought he was just, you know, he was having must be having a lot of anxiety. He asked me for me to come backstage. So when I came backstage, I recognized that it was greater than anxiety this time. And usually when I could, you know, connect with him quickly and, you know, joke around or, you know, just, there's a lot of personal stuff that I talked about that I know how to be genuine with him. That's it. To be genuine with him, to listen to him, to be able to like alleviate anxiety. And in this case, it was beyond that. And I saw that because I was thinking, okay, this is not working. And, and he's a little bit, well, I'm not familiar with panic attacks either. So I didn't, I wasn't sure. What do you said after the show to me, you know, Chris, I know, I know my anxiety. And, you know, that's, I can work through that. But I didn't know what a panic attack even really was. So I couldn't recognize it. Well, recognize what was happening. Now, look, I bring this up to say, I think it's important to understand why he went last in that he wasn't having a medical emergency or at least that's what they're saying. I think that's important to clear that up for one. But for two, I kind of imagined that that panic attack could have been caused by Derek seeing the discussion online. Now this was before the show was over. So it wasn't nearly what it is now because we didn't know that Derek had won yet. But I was reading the comments even after pre-judging before finals had started. And people just do not like Derek's physique. They did not like that he was in the middle at pre-judging. They didn't like that he was being compared for the win. I kind of imagined that that is something that Derek started to see. And I think that could be the reason for the panic attack. And I know people will just say, well, he's a pro body builder. He should have thicker skin. He should get over it. Fine, that's fine. I still do just feel a little bit bad for him. And especially now because if he was having that type of anxiety reaction before finals was over about the stress and the pressure or whatever, imagine how he probably feels now that the result is out and he won and beat Hottie and Andrew. Imagine how he feels now. If he looks at any comments on social media or reads anything about the Olympia result, I don't think he's going to be very happy. And I say all that to say when it comes to the Arnold and he's already told us he wants a break and wants to focus on his family and he's got another baby on the way. I believe that and I also take this into consideration. If he's looking at everything on social media right now, which I'm sure there's no way he hasn't seen like the overwhelming negative response to his win. I think the majority of body building fans like more than 50% seem to disagree with him winning. I bet mentally he's exhausted. I bet he's thinking, you know, what more can I do at this point? I won the Pittsburgh. I won the Arnold. I won the Olympia. And still they don't like my physique. Then every time I win a show, it seems like the fans just dislike me more. And yes, it's 750 grand. It's a lot of money and maybe he says screw it and doesn't anyway because the money is probably worth more than the fan response here if he wins. But if he's already mentally exhausted enough that he is impacting the the way the Olympia finals is run with his anxiety, I think he probably should take a break. I think he probably should sit out the Arnold. He had a financially fantastic year by winning, you know, winning the Arnold Pittsburgh and Olympia is big just in titles alone. But the amount of money he won was crazy between those three shows in a lung calendar year. He doesn't necessarily need the 750 grand at the Arnold this year, but next year. But it is a lot of money. I think take a mental break. I would love to see, hotty do this Arnold. I would love to see, you know, we already know Andrew and Martin. You know, between those three guys, I would love to see one of the three when the Arnold hotty or Andrew or Martin. But let me know what you guys think in the comments below. What do you think the future holds for really all of these guys that we talked about in this video. Dr. Samson Dada, Derek Lundsford, what do you think the next show is going to be for these guys? And I just do think, you know, I've seen people say, why are you being so nice to Derek Lundsford? And I just do think like it's important to keep in mind. Derek is just the competitor. The judges picked him to win. If you're going to be mad at somebody, be mad at the judges. But I just kind of feel bad for Derek. I've looked at the comments. He's getting a enormous amount of hate right now. And all he did was win. He just was pit to win. And it's kind of an interesting phenomena that I don't think we've really seen before. We may be seen glimpses of it in the past. But it's almost to the point now where if Derek winning the Olympia this year, it's almost just like the win made him more hated. And this is probably the first time in bodybuilding history that I think if Derek wins the Olympia next year, again, it would almost be better for him to not win. I think the amount of hate that Derek would get if he wins the Olympia again next year makes it almost not even worth it to win that title. I don't even think it matters how he looks. If he's on, if he's off, if he's 110% if he's 120% if he beats HODY and Andrew again next year, no matter how he looks, I think people will lose their minds. And it's an interesting dilemma to think of. You're winning the Olympia title. But it's almost not even worth it. And it might not even be worth it for a moment at this point. Because I mean you guys know, you guys see it. This is the most hate I think I've seen a bodybuilder get since, you know, like 2017 Phil Heath. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. Make sure you like the video. Subscribe to the channel. Click that bell notification icon if you have not already. And as always, I love you guys. I appreciate you guys. Nick's strength and power signing out. All right, guys. Don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel. If you enjoy the content, also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page, which is simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below. If you guys want an extra kind of power t-shirt, that will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.