Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shonda Powers. I thought a good idea for a video would be past Mr Olympia winners that were able to maintain their physics over the years. So in this video we're going to go through some of those guys that didn't lose their gains and were able to maintain a pretty impressive physique. Well after their Olympia wins. So we're going to start with the very first ever Mr Olympia winner Larry Scott who won the inaugural 1965 Mr Olympia competition and he also won the 1966 Mr Olympia competition. Then he retired in his 20s and he would make a 1979 comeback somewhere in his mid 40s still looking very impressive after taking over a 13 year high 80s from the sport of body building. But it's not just his comeback in his 40s that was impressive. He maintained his physique all the way up until his death pretty much. This photo that you're looking at here where he's hitting a bicep shot, he is 73 years old in that photo compared to a photo of him in his 20s from the 1960s. So this guy maintained his physique all the way until the end. First Mr Olympia ever arguably won the most impressive examples of a guy that was able to maintain his physique. Now next up we have the second Mr Olympia ever and that would be Sergio Aliva. So Sergio Aliva won the 1967, 1968 and 1969 Mr Olympia competitions making him the first ever three time Mr Olympia and at the time the winning is Mr Olympia ever until the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger would come a few years later. Unfortunately he passed away in 2012 at the age of 71 but well after his first Mr Olympia wins he would come back and compete in the 1984 and 1985 Mr Olympia is placing eighth both of those years after a nearly 20 year hiatus from the Olympia stage. So that in and of itself is impressive but not only that but after he would come back to those Olympias he would still maintain his physique for a pretty long time up through the 90s. I'm then as he got a little bit older and age as physique would slack a little bit but that just really comes with the territory of getting older but for the most part he did an incredible job of maintaining his physique after his Olympia wins. So next on the list we have the fifth winner of the Mr Olympia competition Frank Xane who won his first Olympia in 1977 also winning the first ever Sand Outro V that was given out at the Mr Olympia he would also win the 78 and 79 Mr Olympia competitions. Now Frank Xane has done one of the most incredible jobs of maintaining his physique over the years. He is still alive today at the age of 75 and to this day he still has a very impressive physique but up through his mid 60s he still maintained a very incredible physique that was almost even similar to the physique that he had back in the 70s. This photo you're looking at here of him kind of standing relaxed from the front is him in his 60s looking very comparable you know minus the lower body to how he looked in the 1970s when he was in his 20s and 30s. And again this is a guy that's still very active on social media you can see him training some of the pros today. He still trains every single day and you can tell that he's still focused on maintaining that physique even at the age of 75 years old. But next on the list you have Samir Benut the lion of Lebanon. So Samir Benut won the Mr Olympia only one time in 1983. He's arguably one of the most conditioned guys to ever win the Olympia. But ever since then he has maintained his physique up until this day where he is currently 62 years old. Now after his Olympia win he made two specific guest poses that you're going to see pictures of in this video. The first guest posing was in 2004 when he was about 48 years old obviously still maintaining a lot of the size that he had back in those Olympia days but just clearly obviously not the conditioning. And then he would do a second guest posing in 2012 so fast forward a little bit and he would be 56 years old again not having that same conditioning that he had back on the Olympia stage. But still maintaining a pretty impressive amount of size for the age of 56. And today he is currently 62 years old and you still see him actively training at Golge Jim Venice again a guy who works with a lot of current IAPV pros and he's very active on social media still to this day. So next on the list you have Lee Haney. So Lee Haney is an eight-time Mr. Olympia. He has tied with Ronnie Coleman for the record of most Mr. Olympia wins. He won from 1984 to 1991. I mean, he still maintains his physique pretty well although again nowhere near the size that he was when he was competitive. But he owns a personal training business today. Still very active. You can tell he's still in shape. And definitely a guy that the age has not gotten the better of him yet at the age of 58 today. Lee Haney has done a great job of maintaining a pretty fit and healthy physique. Nearly 30 years after his last Olympia wins. So very impressive by Lee Haney. So finally on my list you have Dorian Yates who won the Mr. Olympia from 1992 to 1997. And he is currently 55 years old. Now Dorian is another guy that you see that is very active on social media. He's still very health-oriented. You see him talking about all kinds of different meditation and stuff like that. He still works out, owns a gym. And you still see a lot of photo circulating of Dorian today of him still in incredible shape and still pretty good conditioning. Now Dorian is definitely not a guy that was able to maintain his size. Obviously he was one of the first mass monsters ever in body building weighing over 255 pounds on stage. And in some cases in the offseason getting his heavy S310 pounds. But in terms of maintaining a pretty fit and muscular and lean physique in his late 50s, he's done a pretty incredible job of that, especially considering the fact it's been 20 years since his last Olympia win. So finally on the list we have the most recent of the body builders that have maintained their good physique. So Jay Cutler, who won the Mr. Olympia in 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2010, a four-time Mr. Olympia champion. Now Jay is a guy that's very active at Expo as you see him a lot on social media. He's a guy that's almost still considered to be a modern body builder. Despite that fact at the age of 44, it's been almost a decade since his last Mr. Olympia win. And ever since then he's maintained a pretty incredible physique, not only the size but the conditioning as well, even though he's a downsize version of the Jay Cutler that was winning Olympia as in the 2000s. His physique is arguably one of the most impressive of past retired Mr. Olympia winners, even though he's never really officially retired. Again, it's been almost a decade since his last Olympia win. So that is the list guys. I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Obviously there were a few Mr. Olympia winners that were not on this list. And those are Mr. Olympia winners that I believe either age or injuries got the best of them and they were not able to maintain their physique after their body building career. And that is a list for a separate video. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next track of Power, signing out.