Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So this video is going to be Mr. Olympia winners that lost their gains after retiring from body building. Whether it was due to age, illness, or injury, these are body builders that simply were not able to maintain their physique or really anything reminiscent of the physique that they had of old. So I did a video similar to this. And the other video was Olympia winners that were able to keep their gains after retiring. So those were all the guys that kind of maintained their physique through the years. And in many of those cases, those are Olympia winners who are guys that maintain their physique for three decades plus well into their late 60s and 70s. So these are going to be guys that are younger than that that were not able to keep their physique. So number one on that list is going to be Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger was a seven time Mr. Olympia winning from 1970 to 1975. Then also winning when he made his comeback in 1980. So after 1980, would be what we're focusing on for Arnold keeping his gains. So as we know Arnold had a very successful career in Hollywood starring in movies like Terminator, Predator and Commandow throughout the 80s. And other movies like Total Recall and True Lies throughout the 90s. And I think for most of that time, maybe the 80s until the mid to late 90s, he did a pretty good job of keeping up his physique. So maybe a decade, a decade and a half after his last Olympia wins. So keep in mind, in the other video, the guys that kept their physique were guys that were able to maintain their physique for decades plus after winning their last Olympia. So I would say it was in the early 2000s when Arnold was in his late 50s and early 60s where we really saw him start to lose his physique. To the point where it really became nothing even close or nothing even similar to what it was back when he was winning Olympias. Now we can't really put too much blame on this because Arnold's physique started to go in his late 50s. And like I mentioned before, there were several Olympia winners that were to keep their physique into their 70s, including guys like Larry Scott and Frank Xane. Not to mention that Arnold has more money and more means to maintain a healthy lifestyle and healthy physique than probably any of the other Mr. Olympias of all time. Arnold is probably the richest out of all of them. And again Arnold is currently 70 years old. Now next on the list we have a body builder by the name of Chris Dickerson. So Chris Dickerson won the 1982 Mr. Olympia and his final Olympia appearance will be in 1984. He would make a brief comeback at the 1994 Masters Olympia to win the 50 plus division. But after that 1994 Masters Olympia, if you had ran into Chris Dickerson, you probably wouldn't have even known he was ever a pro body builder. Now I was able to come across a few photos of Chris Dickerson at Expo recently over the years. But the most recent photos of Chris Dickerson are from the 2014 Muscle Beach Hall of Fame in Ducson, Sarah Moni, where he was 74 years old. And he is currently 78 years old today. So finally on this list, I'm sure a lot of you guys know who the next name is going to be and that is Ronnie Coleman. Now Ronnie Coleman is arguably one of the greatest Mr. Olympia's all time winning a record eight Mr. Olympia competitions. He is arguably one of the biggest one of the freakyest and one of the most impressive Mr. Olympia winners of all time. He is also one of the strongest Mr. Olympia's of all time known for his heavy duty training style training like a power lift during most cases, squatting 800 pounds, deadlifting 800 pounds, bench pressing and dumbbell pressing like 200 pound dumbbells. Ronnie Coleman was known for being a strong strong body builder. Training that hard and heavy did not come without a cost. Now Ronnie Coleman would win the Mr. Olympia from 1998 to 2005. And he would also compete in the 2006 and 2007 Mr. Olympia's placing second in 2006 and then placing fourth in 2007. So his last Olympia appearance was just over a decade ago. So I think of the three Mr. Olympias that we mentioned in this video Ronnie Coleman probably had the quickest deceleration in terms of his physique going from this massive Mr. Olympia winner eight times to quickly down to the size where he is now and almost unable to walk. Now Ronnie Coleman, as I said before, was known for training hard and heavy and like I said, this did not come without a cost. So after retiring from bodybuilding, Ronnie Coleman has faced a countless number of injuries, major surgeries on his back, on his hips, you name it. And the result of that has left us where they significantly downsized Ronnie Coleman. And almost an immobile version of Ronnie Coleman. You often see Ronnie Coleman walking with a walk or walking with some sort of cane or even in some cases taking a wheelchair. So unfortunately, I think Ronnie Coleman is the most extreme example of the cost of bodybuilding and what it takes to be a Mr. Olympia winner, to be an eight time Mr. Olympia winner, to be one of the greatest and freakyest physiques of all time. There is a cost that is associated with that and Ronnie Coleman is a prime example of that. So let me know if you guys think in the comments section below. Are there any Mr. Olympias that you think I missed that have lost all their gains? Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the extract from power signing out.