Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick Stain in the Power, so I'm going to make a video about Paul DeLets, so Paul DeLets, I've made a couple of videos about him in the past, but in this particular video, I want to talk about Paul DeLets best year ever in the best physique that he ever had. Now Paul DeLets was arguably one of the biggest body builders that would be kind of a forgotten body builder, and then not placed too highly at the Mr. Olympia. He did place within the top six pretty much every appearance he made at the Olympia. And that is of course with the exception of the 1998 and 1999 Olympias both of which he placed outside of the top six. But from the year he turned pro in 1993 to about 1997 he would be a perennial top six competitor in the 90s Olympias. And that's really saying something guys, I mean if you think about it, the 90s, a lot of people refer to the 90s as the golden Arab body building rather than the 70s because the level of competition in the 1990s was just so high. I mean the caliber of the Olympia lineup in the early 90s especially was probably one of the most competitive, if not the most competitive errors in body building because those lineups were just so good. Now Paul DeLets is actually one of my personal favorite body builders. I know you guys already know that Lea Priest is my favorite body builder from a physique standpoint. But Paul DeLets, just from the sheer freakingess of his physique even though he's never one a major title like the Arnold Classic or the Mr. Olympia. I think his physique is one of the craziest physique to ever step on the Olympia stage. And his posing in particular of the crucifix pose and the victory pose. I think he is one of the most impressive body builders aside from the likes of a lead priest or a Sergio Aliva to hit that crucifix pose of that victory pose because his arms are just so insane, his upper body is so insane. And when he was in shape the ratio of that kind of V-taper frame that he had of the lats to the small waist and those insanely big arms just created this crazy, crazy crucifix pose which was probably why both of his nicknames and body building were either Jurassic Paul DeLets or Freakens Thine. So that just goes to show how crazy this guy was. And it give you guys a little bit more information about the guy. He's about six foot one inches tall or 185.5 centimeters. So relatively tall for a professional body builder. I mean his body weight on stage was anywhere from 295 to 310 pounds. And there are some reports of him even getting up to his heaviest 330 pounds in the off season. So a very big body builder for his day. I mean a lot of people give credit to Dorian Yates as being the first mass monster, the earliest mass monster to come to the sport. But I think a lot of people in the Gleck to mention Paul DeLets because he was really a mass monster for that era. It just so happened that he wasn't that competitive against the guy like Dorian Yates. So getting back to Paul DeLets best look ever. So like I said he was a perennial topstick competitor at the Mr. Olympia. His best placing at the Olympia would be at the 1994 Mr. Olympia. And let me tell you guys that 1994 Olympia lineup was absolutely stacked. During that same year in 1994 he would win a handful of the Grand Prix competitions in place at the top three in a handful of those Grand Prix. So I would say 1994 was probably one of his best looks. If not his best look culminating in that 1994 Olympia fourth place finish arguably the biggest distinction of his career. So just to give you guys some perspective, winning that Olympia was Dorian Yates. In second place you had Sean Ray and third place you had Kevin LaBronie. So you would have Paul DeLets in those call outs with Sean Ray, Kevin and Dorian arguably the greatest bodybuilders of the 1990s. But let's go into the list of amazing bodybuilders that Paul DeLets beat out at that years of Olympia because that Olympian lineup was very, very deep. He beat Porter Cotrell who came in fifth Chris Corrmier who came in sixth. Nasser Elson Body who came in seventh. It would be a runner up at the Olympia a couple of years later. Charles Claremont in my opinion one of the most aesthetic bodybuilders of all time. On Gray's Muncer and my opinion only most shredded bodybuilders of all time. Sunny Schmidt, Al Q. Gurly Aaron Baker, Milo Sarshav, Deary Pestell, Ronnie Coleman coming in 15th place in 1994. He also had a team all-break who would become a pro wrestler. And of course you had some mere renewed a former Mr. Olympian winner. He had David Dirt and Mike Quinn both of whom were returning from the WBF World Body Building Federation which Vince McMahon started in the early 90s so they weren't placing very well once they came back to the IAPB. And then you had Gunchersleer camp as well, another guy that would be a top threat to Ronnie Coleman. So coming in fourth place out of a total of 23 competitors, Olympia level competitors is a very impressive feat. Keep in mind man, I don't know if a lot of people realize this, but if you go back to the Olympia as an Arnold Schwarzenegger one back in the 70s, some of those Olympias had one, two, three, maybe four. If it was a really stacked Olympia, four competitors, I'm at the Olympia. So now you're competing against 23 guys. So the Olympia caliber jumps significantly from the 70s to the 90s. But yeah man, 1994 I think was one of Paul Dillett's best looks ever. I mean he had the veins that would go across his chest and he was in such good condition man. When he had that crucifix pose, the veins, you could see the veins travel through his arms, through his chest, over to the other arm, just the level of conditioning was insane in 1994. Now the problem that he would run into in future years would be his posing was a little bit awkward at times and he didn't, he wasn't the best poseer. But another thing would be his conditioning, sometimes he would come in with off conditioning. But an interesting thing here, as I mentioned earlier, is that Ronnie Coleman, a young Ronnie Coleman competed at this Olympia. So there's some shots of Paul Dillett next to Ronnie Coleman where he is absolutely doerfing Ronnie. But overall I wouldn't really say Paul Dillett's like an uncrowned Mr. Olympia or anything like that. I would say, you know, his back was kind of a weak point for him, there wasn't very much a detail, there wasn't very much separation. I think that would be one of the things I would really hold him back as well as his conditioning and his posing. But I do think he was one of the greatest body blurs of the 1990s, just not necessarily deserving of a Mr. Olympian win. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Paul Dillett's physique in 1994 specifically. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it.