Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shining Power. So I just wanted to make a video to kind of clear up the drama that you guys may have seen on Philhease Instagram or on my Instagram. So for those of you that haven't seen it, essentially what happened was there was a comment on one of Philhease Instagram posts and it tagged me. And this guy said, at Nick's strength power, check this out. And Philheat replied to that comment and said, he can't see it because he blocked me. So pretty much as soon as Philheat commented this, I had people send him a screen shot of this comment left and right. Pretty much all day yesterday until I finally posted it up on my own Instagram because most people have seen my videos. And some of the recent videos that I've done on Phil, I've mentioned the fact that Phil has blocked me on Instagram and I've been blocked from his Instagram for maybe a year. I believe he blocked me right after the 2017 Mr. Olympia. So a bunch of people were sending me screenshots of this comment because they had seen my video saying Phil had blocked me and they thought Phil was trying to turn it around on me and say that I was lying. So I posted up a screenshot of this and then I posted up a picture on my story of me searching for Philhease account and then the account wouldn't come up which shows that he blocked me. And then shortly after that Philhease put up another comment and that specifically is the comment that I wanted to reply to in this video. So someone else commented, Hey Phil, Nick said that you blocked him and then Phil replied, Oh, that is right because he had a long run of trash talking about me. So I didn't think he cared. So why not block someone like that, right? Simply didn't want to drama. So this was the main thing that I had a problem with because I think Philhease is getting me confused with someone else, maybe some other body building YouTuber. But I've never talked trash about Philhease. I've certainly criticized Philhease. I've mentioned that he had the gut. Right after the 2017 Olympia, I certainly mentioned the gut because I thought it was obviously there. But even though in that video, I mentioned that his midsection was descended. I even said in that video that I still thought Philhease deserved the victory even with that weak point and I got a lot of hate for that. So I can't remember ever a time that I've trashed talk Philhease. I mean, I've always gave my honest opinion. And if I would have done a review of the 2017 Mr. Olympia where I said Philhease didn't have a gut just because I wanted to kiss his ass. That wouldn't be an honest opinion. I've always just tried to give an honest critique. And as pro body builders, I mean, that's what they're opening themselves up to. I mean, this is the whole name of the game. The entire sport is judged on opinions of your physique. And honestly, for Phil being a seven-time Mr. Olympia, I really don't think I've made that many videos either positive or negative about Philhease at all. I mean, the most recent video I did about Phil was actually a day or two ago. I mean, it was Philhease versus Big Romney. And that was the first video I had done on Phil and maybe months. So I just wanted to clarify that because I feel like I've never talked trash about Phil. I've always tried to give a fair criticism. I've even said I predicted that he's going to win eight Olympias. I said it's possible for him to win ten. You know, I've been pretty positive about some of the things that I've said about Phil in the past. I mean, I've tried to give a pretty fair and balanced critique of Phil to the point where people even call me a Philhease quote unquote Dick Rider. Because I said, I don't think Romney's going to beat him this year. So I also wanted to mention in this video that shortly after I posted up the screen shots on my Instagram, Philhease actually did unblock me. So I wanted to thank him for that. And I kind of wanted to clear up that I guess we squashed whatever beef there was. I sent Phil a message. I'm kind of explaining all the things that I said in this video that I didn't really feel that I'd ever trash talked to him. I said that I respected him as champion. And I even said, Hey, you know what, I totally understand your perspective. I understand where you're coming from here. Your seven-time Mr. Olympia. So I'm sure when anybody criticizes your physique, it's like who the fuck is this guy to criticize me and my physique? What right does this guy have to say anything? And I totally understand that mentality. I mean, I get it. So, you know, the first reaction is just to block anybody that criticizes you. And I do understand the reaction. You're the top of the top of the best of the best. Really in your mind. Who is anybody to criticize you? But as a body building commentator on YouTube, it's become really my job to commentate on the Mr. Olympia on body building and Phil Heath is the raining Mr. Olympia. So of course his name is going to come up. And I said that in the message that I sent to him. Phil, he's named going to come up all the time because he's seven-time Mr. Olympia. So naturally he's going to be, you know, the topic of videos. And then I kind of ended it and I left the door open and I said, Hey, you know, if you ever have a problem with anything that I say in a video, just feel free to message me. I mean, you don't have to block me. We can talk about it. And you can tell me why you think it was disrespectful or trash talking as he said. And we can talk about it. I could probably take the video down or change the way I said something. If he felt that I said something disrespectfully, but Phil Heath never did reply to that message. I don't really expect him to. I mean, I don't think Phil Heath is ever going to like me. But I think, you know, whether you like me or not, whether you like body building, you know, commentators on YouTube or not, I think it'd be much better in much easier. If we could just kind of coexist, I mean, I try to be respectful on my channel. You know, if you have a problem with something I say, I'd rather you just message me and we can talk it out. And that would end in much better result than just blocking each other. So I want to make this video so Phil Heath didn't get any hate out of this because he did, in fact, unblock me. I guess the misunderstanding now has been resolved. He did admit that he was one that blocked me first. I haven't talked to him, but, you know, hopefully it's just resolved. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time, the power signing out.