Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I'm sure all of you guys saw the update photos at Big Romney posted yesterday. I'm in pretty much every bodybuilding media Instagram and YouTube reposted them or made videos about them because they thought they were so freaky, but also posted yesterday shortly after Big Romney's photos, Phil Heath put up a post, which I can only assume was a direct response to all the hype around Big Romney, so Phil Heath put up a video post where he said, they keep posting and they keep talking. I keep growing and getting better. Seven-time Mr. Olympia and still has tagged Dream Killer. And then of course, he also put up a photo on his story that same day, um, looking phenomenal in both posts. So in the video, he looks really good in the photo, he looks really good. So it's got a lot of people talking about Phil Heath versus Big Romney again because really Phil Heath is typically pretty silent in the off season. He really lets his physique do the talking. He doesn't really, you know, say much going into the Mr. Olympia or post very many updates or progress pictures. He just kind of lays low. Then when the Olympia comes around as the first time we really see his physique in its entirety. Whereas Big Romney is kind of the opposite, he posts a lot of pictures going into the Olympia every single year. Now, when he knows that he can build upon the hype that he has every year by posting all these pictures and that's kind of a par for the course with Big Romney. So this is something we don't really see from Phil kind of a response to a post from Big Romney. And honestly, I think it's great because here we have these photos of Big Romney who obviously looks phenomenal. He looks, you know, massive like he always does. I said it's every year. He looks massive in the off season. He does look lean. He looks pretty lean for 10 weeks out. And I would say Phil Heath in his videos in picture, he looks phenomenal as well. So I just want to clear something up. I want to say, I think Big Romney absolutely could win the Mr. Olympia. But what I'm saying is in all likely hood, based off his past track record at the Olympia and posting these progress pictures going into the Olympia every year. Everyone talking about he's going to win and he never has. I'm saying in all likely hood, he's probably not going to win this year. Now, could he win? Could he surprise me? Could he prove me wrong and beat Phil? He absolutely could. And how he could do that is he could come and shredded to the bone, not 300 plus pounds on stage, maybe 285, 290, just a shredded to the bone, Big Romney. And he could beat Phil Heath. What I'm saying is an all likelihood we're not going to see that shredded to the bone, Big Romney. And for that reason, he probably won't beat Phil. But absolutely 100%. If Big Romney could come and shredded more shredded than Phil with that size, he could absolutely beat Big Romney. It's just a question of is it likely to happen? And honestly, I think Phil Heath knows that the 2018 Mr. Olympia is a doer die, Mr. Olympia for Phil Heath. Either he's going to tie that record, which will be the biggest moment in his career, winning eight Olympias and tying the record of Lee Haney and Ronnie Coleman. That's got to be something that Phil Heath dreams of. That's got to be something that he's always gotten the back of his mind. That's what he's training for. I saw him post that he's doing something that he's never done before during an Olympia prep. That for this particular Olympia, he's training twice a day and he said he's never done that before. So he has added a new regimen to his training to prepare for this Mr. Olympia. And I think knowing in the back of his mind that he's going for that eighth Mr. Olympia, he's going to tie the title. Phil's not messing around this year. I'll say there's a little to no chance that Phil Heath comes in with the same conditioning, the same package, the same gut that he had last year. If he does, then maybe he won't win. But I'm speculating that Phil's going to win based on, he's not going to have a gut this year. Based on his conditioning is going to be good this year. Based on he knows he's got to you know bring 110% because he really wants to a title more than any other title aside from maybe that first title. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think based on these 10 week out updates of Phil Heath and Big Romney. Do you think Big Romney can beat Phil or do you think Phil is going to go for 10? Let me know in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing out.