Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shiner Power. So this video is going to be my list of the top five best power lifters that ended up becoming bodybuilders or switching back and forth between bodybuilding and powerlifting. So coming in the number five spot, we have a powerlifting by the name of Dave Tate. Now I'm sure many of you guys are familiar with Dave Tate. He is the founder and CEO. So, probably one of the largest powerlifting companies in the world and that is Elite FTS. So Elite FTS.com, they sell a peril, they sell equipment. It's probably one of the most recognized and well-known powerlifting brands, like I said, in the world. Dave Tate was an elite level power lifter, a student of Westside Barbell, and he had an all-time best total of 2,205 pounds. Now although Dave Tate wasn't as successful as some of the other bodybuilders and the piloters on this list, he did frequently bounce back and forth between bodybuilding and powerlifting. And his transformation is probably one of the best in powerlifting, being such an elite level power lifter and getting his ripped and shredded as he was able to get when he would cut down. It's probably one of the most impressive transformations. And again, he owns one of the largest powerlifting companies in the world. So I thought that earned him a top five spot on my list. Now coming in the number four spot, we have probably the most well-known powerlifter on the planet. Steve Fletcher, obviously the YouTube sensation, he's a three-time strict curl world champion, a three-time bench press world champion. And after all that in 2013 at the age of 54 years old, he would compete at the 2013 NPC Gold Coast Bodybuilding Competition, competing in the Master's Division at 54 years old. Now as a powerlifter, C.T. Fletcher's best bench press ever was £650 and his best trick curl ever was £225 claiming to have done all of this drug free. And this was back decades ago, and then more recently in 2013 up until present, he would become more famous for his bodybuilding videos and his training videos, specifically the size of his arms, then he would compete in bodybuilding and become famous for his physique, as well as his legendary feats of strength back in the 80s and 90s. So being a total of six-time world champion and powerlifting and then switching over to bodybuilding, I felt that C.T. Fletcher certainly earned a spot on this top five list. Now coming in the number three spot, we have a powerlifter named Matt Crock, aka Matthew Crock Zaleski, now known as Janay Marie Crock. Now this was noting in this video that Matt is now a transgender powerlifter, but I wanted to make mention of the accomplishments that he made as a man. So back in 2009, he's probably best known for setting the world record in the £220 pound powerlifting weight class, with a total of 2,551 pounds, which included a 738 pound bench press and 810 pound deadlift and a 1,03 pound back squat, and that was equipped powerlifting not raw. He was also known for inventing the Crock Rose, which is basically a very heavy dumbbell row, an extremely heavy weight and very many repetitions. He was also training partners with guys like John Meadows, Branch Warren, and Johnny Jackson, but as recently as 2013, he actually made a pretty impressive appearance at the 2013 NPC nationals as a bodybuilder. I mean, this guy was a guy that had a very impressive physique both as a powerlifter and as a bodybuilder. I mean, for that reason, that elite level total and that elite level physique, that's why I have him as number three on this list. Now coming in the number two spot, we have a young powerlifter that I'm sure many of you guys are familiar with, and that is Larry Wheels, aka Larry Williams, who recently won the 2018 NPC Gold Coast overall bodybuilding competition. But prior to that, and still is known as being one of the best powerlifters in the world, raw powerlifters in the 275 pound weight class. Now his most recent world record was in the 275 pound weight class back in November of 2017, where he had a total of 2,275 pounds with an 855 pound deadlift, an 810 pound squat, and a 610 pound bench press, which became an all-time world record at 275. So in addition to that, Larry Wheels is a pretty young guy, so I think as a powerlifter he has probably the most potential out of anybody to be one of the greatest powerlifters of all time, and if he continues the pursuit bodybuilding and work on his physique in that regard, he could be one of the strongest bodybuilders of all time, which brings me to my number one spot. So in number one, we have the pro bodybuilder, and also elite level powerlifter world record setting powerlifter stand-efforting. So stand-efforting is the only bodybuilder's slash powerlifter on this list, the whole that is stinction of being a world record holding powerlifter and an IFPP pro bodybuilder. So he became the best in the world of powerlifting, and then competed with the best in the world in bodybuilding. Now you earned his IFPP pro card back in 2009 at the NPC Master's Nationals, where he won the Super Heavyweight Division in the overall which gave him his pro card. You're going to compete in the pros about four or five times, 2010 placing 16th at the Phoenix Pro, 2010 also placing 14th at the Orlando, Europa, 2011 placing 9th at the Flex Pro, and 2012 again placing 13th at the Flex Pro. So the most interesting thing about stand-efforting, and this is part of the reason I have him in the number one spot is that he set some of his most impressive world records during the time he was competing in pro bodybuilding. So keep in mind I mentioned he competed in 2011 and 2012. So in powerlifting in 2011 he set his best raw total with no knee wraps which was 2,226 pounds which was a world record at time. And that was in the 275 pound weight class. Now another interesting distinction that stand-efforting holds is that the 2010 Mr. Olympia Competition, he won the title of the world strongest professional bodybuilder by Benchink's 628 pounds and deadlifting 800 pounds, beating Johnny Jackson who held the previous record by roughly 100 pounds. So that is why stand-efforting is in that number one spot because that's a bodybuilder and as a powerlifter I believe he is the most successful in both categories if you kind of average amount. And he's probably one of the most well-known powerlifters that made that leap over the bodybuilding. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time you have a power signing out.