Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I kind of wanted to do a quick video, paying respect to Dr. Terry Todd. So if you don't know who Terry Todd was, he was a guy who had a tremendous impact on the sport of strong man. And was really one of the people responsible for the Arnold Classic Strongman competition, which is really the second most well known competition to the world strongest man. Now during the 60s Terry Todd was a weightlifter in powerlifting himself, but most importantly in note worthy, is his contribution to chronicling the history of strength sports, strong man, powerlifting, bodybuilding, in general, him and his wife are actually responsible for the founding of the H.J. Luther Stark Center for Physical Culture and Sports, which is essentially a museum, which is housed in Texas, Memorial Stadium at the University of Texas. It is one of the largest collections chronicling the history of strength sports in general and competitive lifting, covering strong man, strong woman sports nutrition, bodybuilding, naturopathy, conditioning for athletes, drug use, and the sport in strength sports. More than 150,000 books, photos, films, magazines, letters, training courses, video tapes, posters, paintings, and artifacts, just one of the largest collections of the history of the sport was created by this man. But I would say one of the biggest things would be the Arnold Classic Strongman that he was responsible for. He created most of the events that were held. They're all the different lifts and all that stuff. Most of them were created by Terry Todd. And I wanted to share this post with you guys from Arnold Schwarzenegger himself, which he posted on Reddit shortly after Terry Todd Dodgers. Here's what Schwarzenegger had to say. I'm about Terry Todd passing. He said, I tweeted this, but Terry was so important to me. I wanted to share with you guys. He was more than a fantastic partner for the Arnold Strongman series. He was a dear friend. I remember the first time I saw Terry Todd and Gold's GM after I moved here, lifting weights that I couldn't believe. He was such a monster, a true force, but also a kind heart and a great storyteller. He used his powers to be a fantastic leader for the fitness crusade. He was an ambassador of strength, the historian of health, the advocate for iron. My thoughts are with his family and my work out tomorrow is for him. I hope you'll join me in dedicating your lifts to Terry. So Terry Todd passed away on July 7th, 2018. He was 80 years old. Thank you guys for watching the video. Next time I have a power signing out.