All right, what is going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so I finally got done editing the footage from the Mr. Cincinnati, the natural body building competition that I sponsored maybe three weeks ago now. So my buddy's act, as many of you know competed in that competition, so I've got the footage, you know, if him putting on his pro-tan, we went through all the mandatory poses in my office the night before. I got some stuff about his diet in there, his actual onstage routine. So the intent in doing this number one is I sponsored this show, so I really believe in giving back to the body building community as a whole because it's given me so much through my channel, it's given me the opportunity to kind of have a career commentating on body building, which I absolutely love. So I firmly believe in giving back, you know, to the thing that gave you what you have and this channel is giving me a lot. So natural body building is one thing that I'm very passionate about, even though I talk a lot about pro body building, obviously, you know, the pro body builders aren't natural. I do believe very heavily in natural body building, so I wanted to give them, you know, some money, sponsor the show, give the show some promotion. I mean, give more eyeballs on natural body buildings. This is an NGA natural body building show. It's actually the longest running body building show in history, the Mr. Cincinnati, 78 years. This is the 78th annual Mr. Cincinnati. So longer than the Olympia, longer than the Mr. America, longer than, you know, the Mr. USA, longer than the Mr. Universe. I mean, keep in mind, the Mr. Olympia started in 1965. So the Olympia is roughly 50 something years old. So 78 years, this, I mean, this competition has been going on forever. So that's part of why I wanted to sponsor this show as my first natural show, is because it's got a lot of history to it. Number two, it's very, very close to me, so it's easy for me to cover it. So some of these guys, Zach, obviously my best friend from college, he was competing. He's going to be the guy that I'm going to show you. I helped him put his pro-tank on, helped him go through the poses like I said before. So Zach's my best friend from college, I was the best man in his wedding. So he competed. There's another guy from my gym, big black dude. You're going to see him in here too. Oh, no, I'm Williams. This guy is massive. So his back, I would say this guy had the best back out of anybody on stage. I mean, this guy's back was insane. You guys are going to see the pictures and videos in here. I'll throw in as well. The overall men's open body building winner, even though I didn't know him. I'll throw in some of the cause comparisons and stuff. I wanted to give you guys a good insight to a natural body building show and cover it. Exactly the same as I would cover a pro body building show in the Mr. Olympia. Just give you guys some good stuff that you may not have seen before about natural body building and give it something exposure that I think it deserves. So please give this video a thumbs up. You're about to see some cool natural body building footage. I'll probably voice over some of it. Thank you guys so much for taking time out of your day to watch this video. Without further ado, here is the footage. It's way too much ass cracking this video. Alright guys, so starting off this video, what we want to do here is just basically show you all the things that a real natural body builder goes through prepping for a natural body building show. Now before Zack gets any hate here, obviously, you know, Zack's not trying to win the Mr. Olympia. This is a pure natural body builder. He's been training seven or eight years now. I mean, he's a good example of what natural body building really is. It's a dieting contest. It's not really, you know, see how big you can get. It's really see how lean you can get after years of training. So Zack is competed. I think this is third show. He's just a guy that likes to compete man. He's not a guy trying to win the Mr. Olympia. He knows what his flaws are. He knows what he did wrong for this show. He knows what his genetic limitations are as well. I mean, this is a guy that knows, okay, I'm not, you know, I don't have the greatest genetics. He knows his arms are a weak point. He's got very good legs. I'll give him that. I'm going to get into him doing all the mandatory poses. So we're in my office here. The bathroom of my office. Putting on the proton right now. So right now we're putting on the base layer. And then we're going to go ahead and put on the top coat. Tomorrow too. There's the only bottle you can. Oh, oh, yeah. You know, so. She gets a doctor. Oh, no. I think that coming like you came in. Oh, yeah. She got a black face. I thought I was just saying the right. And then she didn't let you in. And this p next mother poultry. So it's someone that comments that you will like. He's a barbecue chicken. He's a barbecue chicken. He's a barbecue chicken. I thought that was to do. I did that pan for like a whole week in advance. I got a dummy. Well, you were like, hop ready when you came rid of my house. You said, any about three more coats. I was like, no, you don't. You don't appreciate like this. Artistic. Oh, yeah. I mean, it looks good once it's under the lights. But as soon as you step off stage, like, it's like, is he racist? What's going on here? And it's like, nope, I just, though, over did a little bit. And put it a little bit, I mean, way too much. It wouldn't have been like super noticeable if your hair wasn't like that. Oh, yeah. And around my eyes looked like a right hand. Does it remember before your cop, you're like, yeah, I want that like, that jig cutler, like almost red color. And it's like, well, I've got good news. I've got bad news. I'm just going to be dead. I'm gonna be dead. All right. So the next part of this video is going to be Zach going through all the poses in my office. So he does a little bit of his posing routine in here, as well as the mandatory poses. Now again, as I mentioned before, man, we know Zach's not trying to win the Mr. Olympia. So we know what his flaws are. The arms, obviously, he needs to work on those. That's just really a genetic limitation for him, because again, he's been training for seven years naturally, seven or eight years naturally. I would say certainly his two strong points are his back as legs. I mean, this guy, he trains a hell out of his legs. He's got pretty damn good hamstrings, quads. The calves are always there. I mean, he feels that his best poses is back poses. But I feel like from the front, when he hits his quads, and really fluxes him hard, that's where he really looks as best. So we're just taking him through kind of some of the classic poses. That's his mantis pose right there. Overall, I mean, again, just the guy that enjoys the sport. Now, here you go with the front last spread. You can see the quads there. In my opinion, he had some of the best quads on stage, because a lot of the times in these natural bodybuilding shows, and I'm you'll see guys that don't train legs at all. Kind of myself included in that. I train legs, but it didn't look like I did. Zach's one of the few guys that has that narrowly separation in this quads when he actually decides to sit down on and flex them correctly. I'm just one of the things we're trying to remind him. During this video is to make sure he flexes him, because sometimes he forgets to. And when he flexes him, they look significantly better than they do. So I will be doing a tour very soon in my office. I've got some interesting stuff in there. I think he guys would like to see. I don't think I've ever really showed you guys what my office looks like. So I rented out this office space. I basically filled it with anything classic bodybuilding, bodybuilding member, Billia, autograph, pictures, custom weight lifting belts. I've got dumbbells in there. I've got push-ups stuff in there. I've got all my supplements in there. All my computer set up, all that cool stuff. So I think you guys would enjoy seeing some of the cool classic bodybuilding member, Billia, that I've got all over my office. This is just a small fraction of my office that you can see in this video. But I believe when we did this posing here, we live streamed it on my Instagram. So some of you guys may have seen this already. So that's why I'm voicing this part over because I'm responding in the background of the video that I filmed to the comments on the live stream. People are telling them what poses the hit. That's why you can see him laughing throughout various points in this video because people were making some funny comments about casting couch in the background and telling them to hit a moon pose and stuff like that. So I'll go ahead and let you guys enjoy the rest of this posing video and I'll probably turn the volume on for the rest of it. Back in the day, those looked goofy. I've not had one on this on bitter. How much do you weigh this? One, 60, 30. One, 60, 30. One, 60, 30. Two, 60. Flex your legs over. There you go. Trust it down on a little bit if you walk him out. It's like where you sort of spread him out and then get down on him. You got a victory. That'd be done. Victory was a vacuum. It might look better with a vacuum. Bitch, that was an all the time. There you just look at him, pain. All right, so this part right here is one of the few parts where you can see my banner actually in the video up to the top of left there. So following this clip, I'm going to play the promoter Rick Rutherer and I'm kind of introducing my channel to the crowd. Nick is one of the Nick Miller. He's one of the YouTube studies of that quality that we can't use. And I can see his face here. He's been doing it for a long time. But he kind of tells the way he did. All right, so here we have Zack's posing routine on stage. So I believe he posed to an NF song here. So he went pretty slow on stage. I think it's the best way to do a classic pose. And I didn't mention this already. Zack was competing in the classic physique division. So it wasn't competing in men's open body building, but it was doing classic physique. This organization is called the NGA. So it's a natural body building organization. So he was drug tested. And this was a drug tested natural class. So that was what he was going for. He wanted the classic physique and he wanted to be natural. Now one of the mistakes I think Zack actually made during this show was between the pre-judging and the night show he had. I think it was like a five hour span or something. And during that time he came back to my house. And he ate like a two pound, one of those chocolate Easter bunnies. That's like solid chocolate. He ate one of those and he was eating a bunch of candy and stuff. So I think he might have ate a little bit too much in between pre-judging and the night show. Leading to his midsection being a little bit cloudy during his posing routine. All right, so the next routine here. We've got this is O'Nom William. So he trains at the same gym as me. I'm going to just turn out he happened to be doing this show as well. I don't know he was doing it when I signed up to sponsor it, but I talked to him at the gym and he said he was doing it. So he actually really impressed me here. So obviously one of the things I would say he needs to work on is his legs. But if you brought his legs up, I mean this guy, he really has it off. He looked at his back man. One of the best natural backs you're probably ever going to see on a natural body building stage. And I'm not just saying that kind of know the dude. I mean this guy's back wasn't sane for a natural bodybuilder. I mean he blew these other guys away. If he brought those legs up man, he would be a serious, serious threat to any natural body building stage. I'd say a little bit better conditioning in the ab area as well. But as posing routine was great. Ovarol is physique was very, very good. I was very impressed with this guy man. So I was really happy to see him do well. I think he won two of his classes and came in second in both the overalls that he competed in. So I think he did the overall for men's open body building. I think also the overall for men's physique. And he came in and runner up at that as well. All right. So the final routine here. This is going to be the guy that actually won his pro card here. So he won his NGA pro card and he won the overall men's open body building. So this guy, by far, one of the most impressive natural bodybuilders I've ever seen. And for all the people that are going to be out there saying he's a fake natty. This guy only weighed about 180 pounds on stage. So not a crazy big guy, but he just looks very impressive on stage. His legs is back, his arms. I believe his name is Andrew Plumley. I believe that's his name. And this guy, I mean, impressive as hell. Young kid, I think he's a little bit younger than me. So very impressive and there's going to be some very bright things from this kid in the future. Coming in looking like that at 180 pounds, very impressive. And again, he was the winner. So he was definitely drug tested very strictly. So this video right here is going to be the comparison for the overall between O-NOM, the Andrew guy that I mentioned before, and this guy in the end, I think his name was Spike. So O-NOM versus Andrew, again, I mean from the back dude, just insanely impressive. And O-NOM took second here, but honestly, I would not be mad at all about taking second to the guy that he took second to because that guy, just super complete, super impressive, roundness and fullness in all the right areas. Again, one of the best natural body builders I think I've ever seen. So that about wraps up the video guys. I just wanted to show you guys a little bit of insight into a natural body building show, like I said before. I hope you guys enjoyed it. I intend on doing this a lot more in the future, it's something that I definitely want to explore, giving more promotion and more attention to some of these natural shows because something that not a lot of people really do, not a lot of people really know about. And I spend all this time covering pro body building, and there's so many guys in the comments section that I'm like, man, you got to cover some natural body building. We want to see some natural stuff. So I'm trying to do more of that. And again, I really believe in giving back to body building, especially natural body buildings, since that's where I came from. So it's something I really want to do in the future and give more money and give more attention to natural body building. This is something that I want to see more people compete in. And see more people, you know, have an interest in. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you want to see more videos like this. Thank you guys for watching. Next strength and power signing out.