Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the power. So it's been a pretty interesting and eventful weekend for bodybuilding. Of course we had the muscle mayhem pro. If you haven't seen my video that I posted earlier today on a key Williams placing second yet again, controversially, mind you to Charles Griffin at this muscle mayhem show. In addition to that, we had a pretty interesting seminar where we had the rare treat to see a pose down and in prompt two pose down between Chris Bumstedt and the new classic physique pro Regan Grimes. Now we have not seen Regan and Chris Bumstedt go head to head since the 2015 Canadian nationals a few years ago before both of them were pro bodybuilders. Obviously recently at the New York pro Regan Grimes decided to make the leap to the classic physique division and he ended up winning his division there. So now a lot of the big talk about the classic physique division is the classic physique Olympia in 2018 which Regan is now qualified to do. Of course Chris Bumstedt is automatically qualified because he plays second last year. So a lot of people are looking forward to seeing Regan and Bumstedt go head to head on the classic physique Olympia stage myself included. Now during this seminar we did get to see an offseason Bumstedt in an offseason Regan Grimes stripped down and posed off on stage hitting classic poses and hitting vacuums. And I got to say with both of these guys I'm very very impressed. Now it's kind of hard to really make any judgment calls on who's the better classic physique guy based on this pose down. But it is a little bit of an insight, a little bit of a foreshadowing to what we're going to see at the Mr. Olympia. Now I think the strongest point for Chris Bumstedt is the width of his lats. I think the width of his lats gives him this crazy V-taper effect in every single pose. But in particular his front last spread which both of these guys hit during this little pose down. I think it was one of the most impressive poses by Chris Bumstedt. But Regan Grimes really held his own. I mean this guy is a very wide body builder as well. I mean how to vary impressive V-taper effect also which again is one of the main things that are looking for in classic physique. So I'm excited man. I think this is great for classic physique. It's building a lot of hype for the division. I think Regan Grimes jumping in that division is drawing a lot of new attention to classic physique and they're going to say okay this is a guy that's a top you know open body builder. This guy can do well in men's open. He's got a large following. He's a very popular guy. He made the decision to switch over into this division. So I think a lot of people are saying okay let's give this division a chance and see what this division is all about. If Regan wants to switch into it there might be something to this division. Now I think if we have this rivalry between two Canadian classic physique pros that both turn pro around the same time that have competed against each other in the past have somewhat similar structures. I think it's going to be an interesting battle to see on stage. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about this little impromptu posed down and who do you think look better? I mean it wasn't offseason posed down so it's not really a good indicator of who's going to win. But who do you think look better in this posed down Regan or Bumstead? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.