All right, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So the classic physique division pre-judging at the 2018 New York Pro just wrapped up literally minutes ago. And we got confirmation that Regan Grimes did in fact make the last minute switch to do classic physique instead of men's open bodybuilding. Now prior to leading up to the 2018 New York Pro, Regan Grimes had made the announcement that he was going to be switching to classic physique. Then since then he made an announcement on RX Muscle saying he was planning on only doing men's open bodybuilding at the New York Pro. So he basically said that's what he was doing. And at the last minute changes mind and when it had ended, classic physique. And apparently it was a good decision because in the call out, the first call out in the classic physique division, Regan Grimes' dead center. And typically being in the middle of the first call out of any show means you're probably either one or two in that lineup. And he was actually next to Divine Wilson, which is very interesting because Divine Wilson is the guy that controversially Steve Lourius beat at the 2018 Pittsburgh Pro just weeks ago. So I actually find this very interesting because I think the chances of Regan Grimes actually winning classic physique at his very first classic week show are actually very high. Again the pre-judging just wrapped up merely minutes ago. So the photos that have came out so far aren't very high quality photos. But from the photos that I can see, Regan Grimes actually looks incredible for the classic physique division. And I've been saying this for a while that Regan Grimes has the perfect structure for classic physique and he would be much better suited there than he would be in men's open body building. So I'm very excited to see how he does in this lineup. I'm going to be very excited if he wins. I think it's going to be a very big deal for the future of Regan Grimes' future if he does decide to stay in classic physique because that do we think he has the build for it. Now also pertaining to classic physique, if you guys remember Steve Lourius aka Mr. Proper, he was supposed to compete in classic physique at this New York pro but he didn't do that because he didn't want to hinder his friends' chance of qualifying for the Olympia. So he ended up doing the 212 division at the New York pro. And in my prediction video, I said I didn't think he was going to be in the first call out and they just released the first call out photos for the 212 division as well and Steve Lourius is not in that call out. So in all likelihood unfortunately I do not think we're going to see Steve Lourius in the top 6 in this 212 lineup. But as I said I'm going to keep you guys updated throughout the day as more pictures and information come through. So again stay tuned and stay subscribe for that. Also apparently Sergio Leva did not compete in any category or any division some people were saying he might go to classics since he didn't compete in men's open because he did announce on Instagram that he was going to be competing but apparently he was just trolling because he didn't compete in any of the categories. So Sergio Leva Jr was not competing at the 2018 New York pro just wanted to clarify that for you guys. But yeah guys this is shaping up to be a very exciting New York pro and honestly the New York pro is becoming one of the shows that I look forward to the most each year. I'm really excited to cover it man. I'm really excited to see Reagan Grimes do well in classic physique. I'm really excited to see how Steve Lourius does end up placing even though it seems like he's not going to be in the top 6 and the battle for the men's open body building is going to be a pretty good battle between Juan Morelle and Nathan Deash. Even though I think in all likelihood Nathan Deash is going to pull off the win. So let me know if you guys think in the comment section below about Reagan Grimes just switched a classic physique and of course give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next drink from power signing out.