Alright, what's going on you guys? Nicky with Nick's trying to power. So in this video I want to talk about a body builder and also a classic body building photographer by the name of Robert Neilon. Now Robert Neilon might arguably be one of the most interesting characters to come out of the golden era of body building. Being both a golden era body builder himself, a good friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger and also only the most iconic golden era photographer of all time. Some of the best photos of Arnold Schwarzenegger and these golden era body builders came directly from Robert Neilon. So this guy can be seen pictured in many pictures with all the best body builders in the world to come out of that era. You can see pictures of him training in Vince Grande as Jim with guys like Larry Scott, the first Mr. Olympia ever. He's also a good friend of Frank Zane. There's many photos of him training with Frank Zane hanging out of Frank Zane. Of course he was friends with Frank Oklahoma as well as Arnold Schwarzenegger. In fact he was such a good friend with Arnold. There's a famous photo of Arnold getting into a classic Corvette. I see three Corvette Stingray. And that is actually Robert Neilon's Corvette and not Arnold's Corvette. So that famous photo of Arnold with the Corvette. It wasn't even his. It was Robert's. So Robert in addition to being this famous photographer, body builder and body building enthusiast. He's also a current enthusiast and car collector. And that yellow Corvette was one of the cars from his collection as well. So specifically as a body builder, Robert Neilon competed a couple times throughout the 70s and primarily competed over in Australia. So he never really won any major body building titles, but he was one of the most well-known body builders to come out of Australia. Now despite the fact that he didn't really win any major titles, he did have a very impressive classic physique. In my opinion it was very reminiscent of a Steve Reeves kind of as he was very aesthetic. His posing was very good. And like I said, he was training with the best of the best Arnold Franco, Frank Zane, Larry Scott, Dave Draper, Reg Park, training at Vince Garondas Legendary Jim. So this guy was a true staple of these golden era guys, but really a lot of people don't know who he is. You'll see a lot of famous golden era photos featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger featuring Franco Colombo. And there's always this guy that not a lot of people know who is that. And that happens to be Robert Neilon. He's in a ton of these photos. He's on a ton of magazine covers. And really, he's one of the more underappreciated golden era body builders in my opinion, because really I don't hear anyone ever talk about him. But the primary focus of this video is going to be Robert Neilon's photography. So Robert Neilon, as I mentioned before, was one of the most iconic golden era body building photographers, specifically the photos that he would take of Arnold Schwarzenegger throughout the younger years of his career. And this was the guy who's passionate for photography, goes as far back as his passion for body building. He started photography when he was 15. I believe he started body building when he was 12. So really, I've got a great appreciation for what he did because it's really similar to me. I've been into photography since I was very, very young. And I was in the body building since I was very, very young. So I mean, what could be the bigger dream than for a guy like this to combine this passion with body building and his passion for photography and go on to take some of the rarest photos of arguably the greatest bodybuilder of all time Arnold Schwarzenegger. So Arnold and Robert would be in 1972 when Arnold would come to Australia for an exhibition in Queensland, Australia. That would be the first time they met and from that point on, you know, they'd be good friends. Robert and Arnold would drive around in his 1971 Corvette, which I mentioned earlier. They'd go to lunch, go shopping. And they just became very good friends. And because of that friendship, Arnold allowed Robert to take thousands and thousands of photos of him during the course of his body building career as well as becoming his training partner. So specifically, Robert has photos of Arnold from 1972, 1974, 1975, 78, 79 and 81. And he also claims to have the largest collection of photos of Arnold from the 1980 Mr. Olympia, which many people believe is the most controversial Olympia of all time. He did a photoshoot with Arnold back then. And he says he got more shots than anyone else. So that's where he started the Arnold collection. And that's what I wanted to mention in this video. Because the Arnold collection is probably one of the most expensive and rarest collection of photographs of any gold narrow body builder that has ever existed. So the Arnold collection, I see it every year at the Arnold Classic, they have kind of their own booth with those show some of these photos. And these are some of the rare photos that Robert and I love. And talk of Arnold over his career. Now, I mean, these are photos that you're not going to see on Google, these are photos that you're not going to see out there for free. These are just rare photos that only Robert and I love how he has in his collection that Arnold allowed him to take through various points in his career. So I thought this would make a fascinating topic for a video, just because of the sheer number of gold narrow photos that you can see Robert and I line in and I'm sure a lot of people just don't know who he is. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Nick's strength and power signing out.