Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I was lucky enough to get a guest posing video of Roli Winkler, which was taken yesterday in India actually. So a fan of mine from India actually sent this to me. Now, here's in the front row at the audience, I wanted to give him a shout out here. His name is Angkor Shandree. So thank you for sharing that with me so I could share it with you guys. So the first thing that stands out to me here right away, that is going to be that Roli Winkler is huge. I mean, he's very, very big right now. I mean, it's not the most conditioned guy out of all the guys that we've seen so far, the guest posing that we've been seeing. I'm really been seeing a lot of him lately. But I wouldn't say that Roli's in bad shape either. I mean, again, he has over seven weeks to prepare for the Mr. Olympia. But Roli is a guy that year after year just continues to blow my mind. I mean, this guy might be the freakyest guy on the Olympia stage. Not big ramen, not feel he, but in terms of just overall freakiness. Roli Winkler just literally looks like what you would imagine a cartoon of a body-border to look like. Just everything about him is so extreme and freaky. And I mean, that in a good way, just the roundness and the 3D look to his entire physique is just absolutely unreal. And Roli is a guy that this year. I really want to see him and I really think he can do this. Be somewhere in that top four this year at the Mr. Olympia. Just likely I could see him landing in fourth, but I really want to see him place his highest third. Now Roli took six last year at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. But I think based on what we saw from Roli Winkler at the Arnold Australia, where he had significantly improved his midsection, his waist looked way smaller, his conditioning was great. And keep in mind, at the Arnold Classic Australia, he beat William Bonac, who took third at last year's Olympia, and he beat Dexter Jackson, who took fourth at last year's Olympia. So I could certainly see a guy like Roli Winkler moving up to a place like 3rd or 4th and beating these guys again at the Olympia. If he's able to bring that same physique, that same shape, that same conditioning that he brought to the Arnold Australia, because that version of Roli Winkler, in my opinion, was arguably the best version of Roli that we've seen to date, so you could make the argument that the best is yet to come. So this is what Roli is looking like, man, between seven and eight weeks out from the Mr. Olympia. Again, this was taken in India on Sunday. So he may have been retaining some water from the trip over to India. Obviously, there's a little bit of bloat there. He's definitely holding some water, but overall, I am expecting big things from Roli Winkler at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how Roli is looking here. Thank you guys for watching the video. And thank you again to Oncore for sending me this video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Stankham Power, signing out.