Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So this is the video that I didn't want to make and I wasn't really planning on making for a while. I was hoping this would be something I wasn't going to have any time soon, but unfortunately I did last night, hedge pass the way. I know a lot of you guys saw it on Instagram already, and I'm absolutely blown away by the number of messages that I've gotten, the number of comments that I've gotten, the number of likes on that picture. It just really means the world to me, how much hedge meant to a lot of you guys. I think it might sound silly to some people, you know, me being this upset over the death of a hedgehog. But if I can be honest with you guys, hedge was really the first pet that I really had for myself. I mean growing up I never had any pets. My parents really weren't big on letting us have pets. So as soon as I was old enough to take responsibility and buy my own pet, I decided I wanted a hedgehog and that's what I went out and got. I'm in hedge was the first pet that I really ever had. And for the first, you know, three years that I had had, had first two or three years, I would get off work at night, I would come home. And hedge would be their waiting for me, I'd get hedge out of his cage. I put him on me, he would crawl up into my arm pit, he would go take a nap. We would watch TV and we'd kind of fall asleep like that. With hedge just kind of crumbled into my arm there. And that was the first two or three years of having hedge. A lot of people say the hedgehogs don't make good pets. A lot of people say they got a mean hedgehog or a hedgehog. It's not very social or a hedgehog and bites them or spikes. Or whatever the case may be. But for me, hedge was always, we just seemed to have some kind of connection. Again, it's just one of those things. If you haven't had a pet or you haven't had an animal, I guess it's something that you just want to really understand. But yeah, honestly, hedge and I had that connection right away. He was always a great pet to me. And then he became part of the channel, which is really something that, forever, we're going to be grateful for. I mean, this is, I don't think people understand. And this is an amazing time to be alive. This is an amazing time to be a human being. We have this opportunity to share our thoughts, our ideas, our pets, make these videos. And they reach millions of people. The videos of hedge alone. And I think we're at over 7 million views of all of combined videos of hedge. So 7 million people have seen my pet hedgehog. And I think it's just a rare time to be alive. And there would have been no, what hedgehog could have expected of what hedge ended up having. I mean, I don't even know if he was able to understand or realize it, I've showed him. He'd be sitting in my lap. And I would show him some of the videos that I've posted. I would scroll through the comments. I mean, obviously, he can't read his hedgehog. But I'll show him the videos. He can, I mean, he can look at the TV and watch the videos. Whether or not he understands what the hell he's looking at, I don't know. But I tried to show him what he had become. Because I thought it was this amazing thing that your pet can millions of people can be affected by your pet. And it's just been amazing and it's blown my mind. And I've gotten so many comments and messages. And when I say that I've gotten thousands of messages on Instagram, I'm not even exaggerating. Every time I refresh my phone ever since I posted that video hedge, there was like 100 new messages just constantly popping into my inbox. I haven't even had time to go through them all yet. But I'd do appreciate that more than anything in the world. Just the fact, whether or not you cared about hedge or not, just the fact that you took the time to send me a message and say, hey, I'm sorry for your loss. If you need anything, I'm here for you. Just the fact that people were reaching out and showing support. And then on top of that, all the people that said, you know, hedge, you know, had bright in their day, had to make them laugh. They enjoyed the hedgehog videos. They're going to miss hedge. People saying they were crying. And when I made that pose, that kind of stuff really, really touched me. I'm going to just really made me appreciate this opportunity that we have, that I have, that you have to be in this amazing, you know, this amazing time of technology. This amazing stuff that we're able to do, and share these ideas and videos and your pet with the world and it becomes this whole new thing. So again, I know it might sound corny as a set as I am about the hedgehog dying because it is a small animal. It's just one of those things. Man, I was really connected to him. I thought he had a great presence on my channel. He was a big part of the growth of my channel. And we just had a good relationship to me in the hedgehog. I can count on one hand the number of times that I've cried as an adult less than five times that I can remember crying, you know, since I've been 18 or older. And this is one of those times. I mean, when I found hedge, so let me give you guys a story here. So yesterday, you guys may have saw my pose on Instagram. I took edge out of his cage. I was holding him. I was trying to make him feel better and comfort him. And I noticed that he had blood coming out of his butt, which obviously, that's not a good sign. So I immediately called the vet the vet said they couldn't get me into a Friday. So I was fully expecting, you know, hedgehog's going to make it overnight. He might be sick. There might be something seriously wrong with him. But he's going to make it to go to the vet on Friday. We're going to figure out what's wrong. Get him some medicine. And at the worst case scenario, if something is fatally wrong with him, at least I'll be able to be there and hold him and comfort him. And they give him that shot to use a knife. And that's one of the things that I regret the most is that he couldn't make it to the vet. Because even though he's obviously terminally ill with whatever was causing him to die, I just wish we could have made it to the vet. So I had that opportunity to be there with him. Let me took his last breath. That's just one of the things that I really wanted to do. I was fully anticipating what the wobbly hedgehog thing. If he became paralyzed to the point where he needed to get you to the vet, I was fully prepared to take him to the vet. But I just wanted to be there holding him when it happened. I just wanted to comfort him on his way out. And that's my biggest regret of the whole thing. Because what I had done when I noticed he had gotten sicker is I had moved him into my office. So he wasn't in my bedroom anymore. So my biggest regret was I stayed with him all day yesterday when I thought he was sick because obviously bleeding out of his butt and he had really bruised arms. So I stayed with him all day yesterday at the office. But I left at night. I didn't think he was going to die overnight. That's my biggest regret of the whole thing is that I wasn't there with him when he died. In the morning we found him and he was just cold and stiff. But he did look like he was a piece. He was just kind of, I took a picture of it. I was wrestling with whether or not I should post the picture. I took a picture of him after he died. He was just croded up like he always is. He looked like he was a sleep. He looked peaceful. He almost kind of had a smile on his face. I was going to post the picture. I decided against it. I don't want to make people crazy sad because it's a sad picture. It's a dead hedgehogs. I don't want to post that. But I will post some videos and photos of hedge. From the good times that we had, the good videos that we had, the good pictures that we had. I took all kinds of funny pictures of hedge. During all the holidays I'll post those in this video if you guys want to stay tuned for those. I might just want to make this video kind of saying what happened to him. I don't really know what the cause of death was. The wobbly hedgehog syndrome thing where he was starting to go paralyzed. The vet told me he probably had 15 more months until that would get to a point where he needed to be possibly put down. This kind of came out of nowhere. Again, I don't know what happened. I just buried him today. I got a nice memorial hedgehog stone picked out for him to put that on top of his grave. If you guys have any input, basically what I noticed yesterday is bleeding out of his butt. His whole arm, his whole forearm, I guess it's his leg, was just badly blue and purple. I have no idea what would have caused it. That was that man. Then overnight we found him. I do appreciate all your guys to support. Again, I can't express to you guys how much it means to me. When I saw how many messages I was getting, it made me so happy and so blown away. Like I said, not only that this many people had been affected by hedge, but that that many people care enough about me, about the channel, just about me as a person or about hedge. Just to reach out to me and say, hey, I hope you're okay. Please, it blows me away. It was thousands of people. I only have 20,000 followers on Instagram. I don't really promote my Instagram that much. For me to get that many messages and that big of a response was just amazing for me. So I appreciate you guys. I'll show you guys some clips ahead. It's probably going to be sad. So you guys don't want to see it. Don't continue to watch. But if you guys do want to see some of the throwback pictures and videos ahead, please continue to watch the videos. Thank you guys. I appreciate each and every single one of you. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Give the video a thumbs up to show your support for hedge. Let's make this just a really well-liked video. Just a be a part of hedge's memory. Because that's one of the great things about hedge. And that he's always going to live throughout the videos that I made on him on the channel. He's going to live forever on those videos. And this video is going to be one of them. So thank you guys. I'm going to enjoy the following videos next time I'm power signing out. It's nothing I plan and nothing I can but you should be mine across the line. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. And for a mess I might not walk on by. Maybe next time, but not this time. And I know I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. Even though I know I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. Even though I know. I don't want to know. Yeah, guess I know. I just hate how it sounds. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, if I gave it all, hold away for one thing. And just for one thing. If I sold it out, if I knew all of it, how this one thing wouldn't that be something. If I trade it all, hold away for one thing.