Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I've got a guest posing video of Shawn Flexetron Roden taking yesterday on Saturday. And here we are almost seven weeks out from the Olympian now. So this is a pretty good indicator of the conditioning that Shawn's in compared to some of the other guys. We've seen William Boenack, we saw him do a guest posing last week. We saw big rommies posing video a couple days ago. So we have a good idea of a lot of the top six guys really how they're looking. And I would like to give a little shout out to the fan that sent me to this Instagram username as D underscore more. He was actually competing in this show that Shawn guest posing and he took this video for me. I'm so honored to make sure I shouted him out. So my initial thoughts on Shawn Roden. Number one, I really like Shawn Roden as a bodybuilder. I think he's got a great structure. Typically he has a small waist. Now 2017 was kind of an exception to that. He did have a little bit of distance and has a waist that seemed to be problematic for him. Now based on this guest posing, there's a couple of issues that I think Shawn is going to have at the Olympia. Number one, the part of this guest posing that stood out to me the most was the back shots. Now Shawn's main struggle when it comes to Shawn versus Phil, even when Shawn was second place at the Olympia, his main problem was the back shots. The detail in the back, the density, the thickness and the size of the back is just wasn't there. And I think that's the main reason why Shawn could never be Phil. Unless Shawn brings up that back, I just don't see it happening. And based on this guest posing video, now I know the qualities relatively low they usually are on these iPhone guest posing videos. But if you look at the back shots, you can clearly tell regardless of the quality of video. Shawn's back number one is not really in shape. I mean, you can compare it to what we saw from Big Rami. You can compare it to what we saw from William Bonac. The glutes and the hamstrings are just completely not conditioned at all yet. And with Big Rami, we at least saw that his glutes and hamves were already having separation and some tie-ins. So I think that's a good indicator. If 300 plus pound guy like Big Rami is already starting to dial in his glutes and hamves, I think a smaller guy like Shawn Roden should have already had this thing dial in. So that's the first thing I noticed was the glutes and hamves just look really watery. And maybe not where they're supposed to be at almost seven weeks out. And then of course in those same back shots, if you look at the upper back and you compare to Phil Heath. Now granted, we don't have a guest posing video of Phil Heath to look at. So it wouldn't be a fair comparison. But just looking at any photo of Phil Heath's back and paired with what you see from Shawn's. It's just a simple matter of the thickness. It's just not there. And like I mentioned earlier last year, he had an issue with his gut. The thing that I'm seeing in a lot of these poses here is that it appears the most watery and least conditioned part of Shawn Roden right now is his midsection. I mean, his midsection appears very watery to me. Now in my prediction video, for the 2018, I won't be in my early prediction video. I had Shawn Roden slipping a few play things. And based on what we're seeing here, I would still keep that prediction. I think Shawn Roden could potentially slip out of the top six if he doesn't come correct. And I think that's something that's certainly looking like a possibility at this point. So let me know what you guys think about how Shawn Roden is looking at this guest posing. Again, we're almost seven weeks out right now from the Olympias. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power, signing it up.