Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Giant of Power. So in this video I wanted to talk about the difference between a quote unquote short bicep and long bicep head. So you're going to see two different kinds of biceps and bodybuilding primarily. So the first kind, I think one of the best examples of the long muscle belly is going to be looking at Larry Scott. So Larry Scott was one of the most famous bodybuilders in terms of having that long muscle belly and having really good arms at the same time. So basically when someone refers to a bicep as being a long bicep or a long bicep head, what they're referring to is a long muscle belly with a short tendon where the muscle pretty much extends all the way to the forearm when flex from the front. So that's what a long bicep looks like from the forearm to the shoulder. So when people refer to a short bicep or a short bicep head, what they're referring to there is a short muscle belly with a long tendon. So when you flex the bicep from the front, the bicep looks kind of similar to a heart and it has a much better peak or a much more pronounced peak than a long bicep. And typically in that front double bicep, you can see the tendon between the bicep muscle and the forearm in the front double bicep. Where's the long muscle belly? You can't see that tendon. Now I think if we look back at past Mr. Olympia winners and try to find a Mr. Olympia, that best exemplified that short bicep head. I think Ronnie Coleman or Arnold Schwarzenegger would be too very good examples of the short bicep head. Now another fascinating thing about the long versus short biceps is that typically throughout bodybuilding history, there've been a lot of famous rivalries between a Mr. Olympia and a Mr. Olympia runner-up where each guy had a different inserted bicep. So if we go back to the early Mr. Olympia as you take Sergio Leva for example, another guy where they long bicep head, you can see the bicep because all the way to the forearm very long and thick bicep. He had a rivalry with Arnold Schwarzenegger, very famous for having the very peaked, very short bicep heads. Then in the pumping iron documentary Arnold versus Lou Ferrigno, Lou Ferrigno guy again who has famously long bicep heads, Arnold having famously short bicep heads. Fast forward to more modern times. I'll say Phil Heath is an example of a guy that has a long bicep head and Kai Green has a very very peaked and very very short bicep heads and they're one of the greatest bodybuilding rivalries of all time. So I think the fascinating difference between these two different pifter bicep heads typically ends in these two guys both being very impressive bodybuilders and really coming down to the separation between first and second at the Olympia. So I also wanted to throw in this video a couple of extreme examples of a short bicep head. A very extremely peaked bicep to the point where the shape of the bicep is almost distorted looking. So this example here is going to be Leonard St. Sears. So this guy is a UK bodybuilder and this guy has one of the craziest bicep peaks I've ever seen. I mean a lot of people say it's so peaked that it doesn't even look aesthetic or appealing to them and almost looks weird. It doesn't even look normal. It is a very very extreme case of a short bicep head and a very peaked bicep. And then of course a lot of people refer to the shape of a short bicep head as a heart-shaped bicep. And I think the best example of that would be Albert Beckles. Albert Beckles, you know, his bicep is really dead on resembled a heart like turned on its side. So I think he's a perfect example of that analogy of a short head bicep being heart-shaped. And one of the questions that I get a lot that's kind of a misconception about short versus long muscle bellies is how do I train my muscle belly to be short or long? And the answer to that question is you can't. It's just simply genetics. You're born with one muscle belly or the other. And you got to do your best to train it. You don't really have an option of being short or long. You're just born that way. And I would say a perfect example of this would be Sergio Aliva and his son Sergio Aliva Jr. I mean they have very, very similar arms. They both have long muscle belly biceps. And that's a perfect example of those muscle bellies genetics being passed on from one generation to another genetically. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Maybe found it interesting. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track from Power, signing out.