Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Chin the Power. So in this video I want to talk about the pressure to take steroids in this industry that were all kind of involved. And if you're watching this video, I'm your own body building YouTube channel. So you're probably a fan of body building. I'm really at least the fan of the fitness industry in general. And you're following the current events, the Mr. Olympia, the Arnold Classic. Or you at least follow some guys on Instagram or YouTube that might be bodybuilders. So you have some interest in this physical culture that is this body building and fitness industry. So I think it's someone with a large following. Now it really is one of our obligations. We really have a, we really kind of have a duty to talk about things like this because I think it is really an important subject. And we myself being a natural bodybuilder but still being a fan of the IFPB and watching these shows and I think it's entertaining. Now I think we do have a certain responsibility to talk about the fact that there's a tremendous pressure specifically on young kids to take steroids. I mean they see these guys, they look up to these guys before they were on magazines kind of now not so much. We don't really look at the magazines for our motivation. We see Instagram. And Instagram I think is an even bigger problem than the magazines because you've got filters. You've got people taking photos under the best lighting, the best angles, making themselves look the best that they can possibly look. And probably as unrealistic as they can possibly look, especially these pro bodybuilders, you see these guys post on Instagram under perfect lighting, perfect filters, sharpening up their pictures and they look just unreal. They provide kind of this idyllic image of what the physique can look like to a lot of these younger guys. And being a natural guy myself, it's been training for 10 years. I've been through pretty much every stage of the mindset of bodybuilding. I mean when we all first get started, it's great. I mean the first couple of years that you're lifting, you see it from men this amount of change happening to your body, really for me I didn't feel any pressure or any interest and even learning about or looking at or taking any kind of steroids. I know interested in it because when I first started training, I was putting on like 15 or 20 pounds of muscle or weight if you want to call weight or muscle per year because it was those beginner gains. So I think as beginner lifters we all kind of don't really, we don't really see ourselves as needing an extra push to get bigger because we're seeing these tremendous changes to our body. And that's what really gets us hooked. And I think it definitely is something that happens in stages. Especially when you're a natural guy, the way that you look at yourself, the way that you look at your physique, the way that bigger rexia kind of comes and goes. Kind of the way your self-esteem goes because self-esteem I think in this industry is a really big problem for a lot of people, especially the natural guys because you do feel this pressure, especially a guy like me and I've got a massive following online almost 400,000 subscribers on my YouTube channel. So if anyone feels pressure to look better or to have a more impressive physique or to have a physique that would impress more people, it's a guy like me man, it's been natural for 10 years and I'm seeing all these guys with crazy big channels. I'm thinking about the guys like Rich Piano and guys like that. Obviously, steroid users and these are the guys with arguably some of the biggest channels and the biggest followings in this industry. And of course also being a guy that follows the I.B.B. I mean we are fans of these guys, we're fans of the J-Cutlers, we're fans of the big rommies, we're fans of the fillings, we are fans of watching these big entertaining physique that seem larger than life. So if anyone would feel pressure to take steroids, it would be a guy like me that comments on this topic, comments on this industry. I mean it's a fan of this industry. And I'm sure there's plenty of people that look at me and say hey I mean this guy doesn't look anything like these I.B.B. pros. He clearly doesn't take steroids. He clearly doesn't compete at that level. Why is he a fan of this or why is he commenting on this? And I think the majority of bodybuilding fans and that's all I want to make this video is a majority of fans of bodybuilding. I would say probably 99% are natural guys. They're younger guys and their teens and 20s in college and high school. They see the magazines, they see Instagram, they see YouTube and they become fans of the sport because like I said when you first start training you're putting on all this muscle and you become you know curious. You want to see what you can look like. You want to look at these crazy larger than life physique and be a fan of these physique. So like I said I feel a responsibility to talk about this especially for the younger guys because I think the biggest fan base of bodybuilding and I've seen this in my comment section. I've seen this on my Instagram. I'd say 99% of the commentators were a very high percentage of very high majority. Are a younger guys, college guys, high school guys, natural guys. Guys that probably have no intention of ever competing at the level of an IPB pro or even a national level NPC show but they're fans of it because entertaining you like to see the boundary of human development being pushed but that doesn't necessarily mean you want to push at yourself. So I want to to address that point in this video as well just because you're a fan of pro bodybuilding. Doesn't mean you have to be pro steroids. It doesn't mean you have to take steroids. It doesn't have to mean that you aspire to be a pro bodybuilder. I mean I'm a fan of the NFL and I've never had any aspirations of being an NFL player or any dreams of being an NFL player like wise with the MLB or hockey. You can enjoy to watch those things without having any aspirations of being involved in it or being that kind of athlete. There's something that's entertaining to a lot of people that are within this realm of I like to go to the gym but I don't necessarily want to take steroids. I don't necessarily want to push my body to that limit. Don't want to talk about it man. I personally I felt a lot of pressure to take steroids over the years especially when you kind of hit that slump so I kind of said in the beginning of this video that there's stages to your weightlifting experience to your natural bodybuilding journey. Even if you're not natural you're still going to experience some of these stages. Again you're going to have that beginner gain stage where you just think you're on top of the world you're putting on this crazy amount of muscle. You're obsessed with going to the gym because you're obsessed with these changes that you're saying to your body. I mean you're very confident. You're very confident because you've done this. You've built your body. That's bodybuilding. And for the first couple of years you're building your body to a very good degree without any kind of you probably don't even need to take supplements when you're first starting out because if you're eating right and you're training hard and you had it been training before you're going to make a significant amount of gains just starting out without any supplements or anything else with you guys. But then there comes a point where you start to see those gains taper off. And the first couple of years you're getting 15 or 20 pounds starts to slow down. Five pounds. Maybe a couple pounds. Then you try to push it to the limit and you say, okay, I'm just going to bulk like crazy. And you really just get fat, especially if you're natural. I mean you don't really see the muscle gains that you used to see when you were younger or when you were first starting out. So you start to get fat. You start to try to put on muscle you cut down and you realize I don't really put on that much muscle. I just got fat. So then you're starting to think, man, you know, I'm training. I've been training hard. I've been training long. I've been training for years. And I'm not really seeing much if any change to my physique at this point again, especially for natural guys. So you start to question. I mean, is the steroid route that I should go? Should I do something to take my physique to the next level? And I think that is the question that a lot of you guys are asking. And as a question that I get all the time, should I take steroids? Do I have what it takes to be an IPB pro bodybuilder? This is my physique naturally. What do you think? Do you think I would look steroids? I could take the next level. Take that question all the time. So in this video, I kind of wanted to answer that in a general sense. I think if you're natural and you're even questioning whether or not to take steroids. If it's in the back of your mind that you shouldn't or there's any doubt in your mind that you don't want to take steroids, I think you should not take steroids. You guys think the people that become IPB pro bodybuilders, the people that make it to the Mr. Olympia, the people that compete at the top level, there's no doubt in their minds what they're going to do what it takes to get to that level. So if you have any doubt, I think you know deep down that's not the route that you want to take and that's not the route you want to go, but you're feeling pressure to go that route. So you're asking people like me, should I go that route? So if you're asking, I think you probably shouldn't take that route. And it's really a matter of what's the risk to benefit ratio on doing this. If you take steroids, what is it you're really going to achieve from doing it? Is it going to be a financial gain? Is it going to be a confidence gain? Is it going to be, I'm going to get more followers on social media? I mean, what is the main benefit? You need to ask yourself from doing this. Are you just doing it for yourself? Are you doing it to impress other people? And I think if you're doing it to impress others, it's really something that you should probably not do. I mean, if you're really doing it because you feel there's an expectation, externally for you to do it, you probably shouldn't do it. If you're not doing it for yourself, I certainly feel you should not take steroids. And you've got to think about the risk, man. I mean, Louis Marko has been doing a great job in his recent videos. He's been doing a series where he talks about the truth of the fitness industry. He's been saying in those videos, you have these guys that made the decision to take steroids at a very young age. A lot of these guys can never go back to being natural because they've shut down their natural hormone production and they have to stay on these hormones for the rest of their life. And that's a very good point. You've got to think about life after bodybuilding. I mean, even if you made it to a national level in PC show, even if you made it to the IFB, you've got to think about your life after bodybuilding. Is that a commitment that you're willing to make to put those hormones in your body for the rest of your life? Because you've now done so much damage to your system that it can't maintain homeostasis on its own. So that's really something we all need to think about as what's the risk to reward from a health standpoint, from a commitment standpoint. And what's going to look like for the rest of your life after bodybuilding because bodybuilding is a very temporary state, especially if you're doing it as a career, the pro bodybuilders. I mean, what do they have about a decade of being on top, if they're on top and after a decade they start to taper off. Some guys even a much shorter pro career than that. So you got to think about that, man. While I am a big fan of pro bodybuilding, I like to see these guys push the limit because they're passionate about. They've made that decision that they're going to do whatever it takes. That doesn't necessarily mean it's for you or me to make that same decision. But we can still enjoy watching the process of them achieve their goals, of them push their physique, of them show us what a human physique can look like if you take it to the extreme. But I thought it was really important for me to make that point that even though I'm a fan of this, it's not something I would ever choose for myself. I think to health risk certainly outweighs any benefit for me because if I ever took steroids, I wouldn't be doing it for myself because I know deep down steroids isn't something that I ever want to do. It's not something I want to put my body through. And if I did it, it would be to impress you guys. It would be to impress people on the internet. It would be to, you know, give more attention for myself, give more followers based on my physique. I think that's just a very vain and selfish pursuit. I mean, you really got to think about yourself first before you think about what others think about how you look. Personally, I chose a natural route because, hey, I want to be healthy. I want to have a, you know, I want to have a good physique for myself. It builds my confidence. It's something I enjoy doing. I do it because I enjoy working out. I do it because I enjoy watching the changes that I make to my body. I don't do it necessarily because, hey, you know, these people are going to think I've got big arms. I'm doing it because I really like the workout and I really like to be healthy and I really enjoy the process. It's a really fun thing to do for me. And again, that raises the question, if you decide to take steroids, are you doing it because you enjoy the process or are you doing it because you want to impress others? So I just wanted to make this video because I know a lot of you younger guys out there right now are probably feeling a lot of pressure to take steroids. And a lot of older guys on my channel will tell you, I see them commented all the time as well. You know, I'm 55 years old. I'm 65 years old and I've been natural in my entire life and they always say in the comments section, I want these younger guys to see my comment because I've been doing this for 30, 40 years training and enjoying the process and I haven't put my health in jeopardy during that entire period of time. So I just wanted to speak to all of you younger guys that are watching this right now that are feeling any type of pressure to be bigger, to take steroids, to do something that, you know, deep down you're probably not comfortable with and you're kind of wrestling with your conscious on whether or not you should do it. My opinion from Nick Strengthen Power, from a bodybuilding YouTuber, my opinion for you guys would be not to do it. My opinion for you guys would be to value your health, value your longevity and not necessarily pursue a career as a pro bodybuilder. We can all enjoy pro bodybuilding together. We can all follow it together. We can all watch it. We can all, you know, be entertained by it. But you should not have to feel pressure to be one of those guys just because you're a fan of those guys. And I know on the internet there's a lot of trolls. There's a lot of people that will talk shit. Especially if you're a natural guy. Guys on gear will be very quick to jump on your Instagram and say you look like shit. Why are you even involved in the sport? I think that's just a very shitty thing for them to do. Because being a fan of bodybuilding and being a natural bodybuilder are not too mutually exclusive things. You can be a natural bodybuilder and be a fan of pro bodybuilding. And I just wanted to stress that to you guys because even though I do enjoy watching it, even though I do talk about it, even though I do make videos about it, I don't endorse necessarily what they're doing. I encourage you guys to become pro bodybuilders. I don't encourage you guys to live that lifestyle. I encourage you guys to be natural. I think the message of Louis Marko has been putting out lately has really hit the nail on head. And I really agree 100% of some of the things he says in his videos. And I really want to stress to you guys. And it's very important even if you're feeling the pressure to not give into that pressure and to stay true to yourself. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please give a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. And I hope maybe I imparted some wisdom on you younger guys. I mean, I'm only 25 myself, but I've been there. I've had those thoughts myself. I've wrestled with it myself. And I made the decision that I'm never going to take steroids and put my health in jeopardy. So thank you guys for watching the video. Next time, I'm power signing out.