Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time the Power. I wanted to do a video on an IFBB Pro Body Builder that many of you have probably already seen photos of, but most of you probably don't know his name or who he is. So this particular bodybuilder's name is Jerry Mintoola, but he is more commonly known as the Bull. Now I'm sure a lot of you guys that have seen photos of Jerry Mintoola have seen the photos of him on stage with a little bit of Palomboism. He had a pretty distant gut at this particular show. I believe it was the Nordic Pro. And a lot of people seem to include him in the conversation in their videos about Palomboism or post about Palomboism, but nobody really names him or talks about actually who he is. Now if you don't know who he is from the Palomboism pictures, you might know who he is from his comparison to Marvel's The Thing. There's many photos and videos of him working out where he gets like these Narlie forehead veins and forehead wrinkles. When he works out his head almost gets a pump really. And some of those photos have gone viral as well, but again nobody really talks about who this guy actually is. So Jerry Mintoola has actually been an IFBB Pro for quite some time now. Actually dating back to 2009 where he competed in his first IFBB Pro show, which was the 2009 New York Pro, where he did not place. He would follow that up with the 2009 IFBB Tampa Pro, where he would also not place a couple years later in 2011. He would compete in the IFBB Toronto Pro placing 14th. Then he would compete in the 2013 Nordic Pro where most of the quote-unquote bad photos of him would turn out. And unfortunately at that 2013 Nordic Pro he would place dead last or 13th place at that show. So he really hasn't competed that much as a pro and really hasn't competed that much recently and really when he does compete he places dead last or outside of the top 10. So that's probably why a lot of people haven't heard of him or know who he is. And most people probably just seen photos of the guy. Now another fascinating thing about Jerry Mintoola is the fact he is a finished body builder from Finland. And the person that actually trained him for those early shows was Marco Satellinan, one of the early finished body builders from the 1990s, arguably having the greatest biceps of all time. So Marco arguably Finland's best body builder ever trained this guy. And you can really see him in the background of some of these photos of him training here. So really the main reason I thought this would be an interesting topic for videos. I see a lot of people again as I mentioned before posting photos of this guy. I kind of really hating on the guy making videos about him regarding his polemboism and not really addressing who he is. But really for a pro body builder he's a pretty big body builder. 300 pounds in the offseason or 136 kilograms. His competition weight roughly 275 or 125 kilograms. Standing at a height of only 5 foot 11. So he's not that tall of a body builder. And I think this is a guy that realizes he does not have the greatest genetics in body building. This is a guy that realizes he has to work hard. Every training video that I've seen in this dude, he's killing it in the gym. He knows he doesn't have the best structure. He knows he doesn't have the best genetics. But he does have really a freaky physique in the gym. He's pretty vascular. He's pretty big. And he has actually become kind of a meme of a body builder. More so due to that extreme vascularity, more so than the whole polemboism thing. So he's really known for being kind of a freaky body builder than just being a non-esthetic body builder. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Maybe learn a little bit about a body builder that you've seen before, but didn't really know who he was. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank of power. Signing out.