All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm going to make a video about Sylvestre Stallone. In the fact that he is still body building and working out at the age of 71 years old. Yes, you heard that correctly. He is 71 as of the time that I'm making this videos. I've been seeing him post a lot more videos on his Instagram lately, working out. Doing actually pretty impressive workouts for a 71 year old, not just the fact that he looks good. He was doing weighted chin up with a hundred pound dumbbell strap to his waist. He even posted a video overhead pressing with one hand, a 100 pound dumbbell. Again, 71 years old. So not only does he still have an incredible physique for a 71 year old man, but he's obviously still very functionally fit. Posting all these videos and photos of his workout, whether it be cardio vascular workout, or just simply weightlifting. And I think a lot of people really associate him with kind of the Hollywood side of things. And not so much as being a fitness icon. I'm so honored to make this video to kind of clarify. I think he's kind of the embodiment of what a fitness icon is. This guy, you know, really his role in the Rocky movies and the Rambo movies was really blown up by the fact that he had an incredible physique in both of those movies, both those film franchises. I think his physique was really the main selling point of those movies. And while a lot of people still associate him with Hollywood more so than fitness, I think he really does have a place in the fitness industry and really embody building history in general. So some people may not know this, but some investors alone in Arnold Schwarzenegger are friends today. And I'm sure a lot of people probably assume that their connection was probably made in Hollywood. But actually some investors alone in Arnold Schwarzenegger trained together at Golds Gym Venice back in the golden era of bodybuilding. Not only that, but he also hired Franco Colombo to train him specifically for some of the Rocky and Rambo movies. The get his physique to the next level for some of those movies. A Franco Colombo for those of you who don't know is a two-time Mr. Olympia. Arnold Schwarzenegger being a seven-time Mr. Olympia for those of you not familiar with bodybuilding. And Golds Gym Venice is kind of the mecca of bodybuilding from the golden era. So when we're talking about bodybuilding history, Golds Gym and Venice, California is probably the most iconic of all the gyms, you know, throughout bodybuilding history. In addition to that, he was also a good friends with Joe Weater and he's also featured in many of Joe Weater's bodybuilding magazines as well, having some of his own spreads in those magazines. So I think that's the loan is a certified bodybuilding and fitness icon due to the fact that he was a part of a golden era of bodybuilding back in the 70s. Major movie star in the 70s and 80s primarily known for his physique. And here he is in 2018 at the age of 71. Still doing the same thing he was doing back then all those years ago. Having hard, training heavy and still maintaining an incredible physique. So let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about sliced alone, still killing at the age of 71. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Drankman Power, signing out.