All right, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So the New York Pro is now less than two weeks away. And recently we had the controversial decision at the Pittsburgh Pro of Steve Lourius beating Divine Wilson. So it may have came off in my video that I'm not a fan of Steve Lourius in that past video. And that's not the case at all. I think Steve Lourius has tremendous potential in classic physique. He has one of the greatest structures arguably in that division. The crazy small ways, the crazy big legs, the crazy arms, the upper body, everything is there. I'd say really his only weak point is probably his back and his conditioning, his conditioning seemed to suffer, his posing kind of, he seemed a little bit nervous on stage. And here's a little bit flat. So I'd say the conditioning, the flatness, the back, and potentially the posing would be his weakest points. Now, as we know, he was planning on competing at the New York Pro, which, again, is in less than two weeks, but he recently announced with his trainer that instead of doing classic physique, he's going to make the jump over and do his first two 12 competition ever. Now my understanding was that at the Pittsburgh Pro, he weighed about 210 pounds on stage. Now as far as the two 12 division goes, Steve Lourius is a relatively tall body voter for that division. We got a lot of guys in that division that are like 5, 5 and under. And Steve Lourius is about 5, 10, 2, 10. So the question on everybody's mind is, can Steve Lourius be competitive as a 212 body voter and how will he place out the New York Pro doing the 212? And does he plan on doing 212 going forward? Because I think, honestly, I think this guy should definitely stand classic physique. I mean, he has a great structure, arguably the perfect structure for classic physique. If he brings that conditioning and brings up his back a little bit, this guy will be a top threat to the Olympia. There's no doubt about it, but the conditioning is key. So here's how I think it's going to play out, man. Steve Lourius, again, great physique, very aesthetic physique, very, you know, you could say beautiful physique. This guy looks amazing. But again, he looks amazing for classic physique. The judging criteria in 212 is definitely not who has the prettiest physique to look at. It's definitely not who has the smallest waste. What 212 has become is looking at shorter guys that put on the maximum amount of muscle possible on that shorter frame. They are looking for lots of muscle. They're looking for freaky, dense, striated condition to muscle and slabs of it on the shorter guys. Now being a taller guy, I think what's going to happen is he's going to look relatively skinny on stage because what happens is a lot of these 212 guys, man, they come down from, you know, the 220s, 230s, even some guys that come down from 240 in the offseason to make that 212 weight limit. And Steve Lourius being 210 at 510 is not a very big guy for the 212 division. He looks good for classic physique again. He looks great for classic physique. But the thing to remember is that the Pittsburgh pro is conditioning was off at 210. So it's not like he was 210 shredded to the bone. He could probably still lose another 5, not 10 pounds. But he could lose a significant, you know, number of pounds to get in that crazy lean crisp conditioning that are going to be looking for in the 212. So he might get on stage and still look very good next to these guys from an aesthetic standpoint, from a, you know, from a who has the prettiest physique standpoint. But again, that's not going to be what they're judging on. That's not going to be what they're looking for. So while he still might look great next to these guys from a fans perspective, from a judging perspective, I don't know that he's going to do that well, especially from the back. Like I said, these guys are packing on as much muscle as possible on their frames. So he might be able to get away with having a less dense back in classic physique. That's not going to be something he's going to get away with in the 212 division for sure. And again, a big question is going to be that conditioning now in the classic physique, they're wearing the classic physique posing trunks. So you can't really see, you know, the glutes, the upper thigh, the upper hamstring. So we don't really know how off his conditioning really was. He might have had no striations and his glutes at all. His glutes might not have even been in condition. And that's going to be something that we haven't really seen from him. That's going to be judged at this 212 competition. So his conditioning might be even more off once he's in regular body building posing trunks. But on the other hand, it might be really good. We don't know yet. So that's a big kind of wild carbo Steve Lourdes. That's how good his conditioning going to look not in classic physique. I think the standard for conditioning in classic physique is a little bit less than the standard for conditioning and body building. Maybe a lot less than the standard of conditioning and body building. Because if you really look back to the 70s, the classic physique's back then, they weren't the most, you know, shredded physique's Arnold had an amazing physique. But he wasn't this crazy shredded to the bone physique. So I'll be honest with you guys. I think it might potentially be a mistake for him to try to switch over to 212. He might not play his top 6. That's a real possibility that we need to be looking at. I think a lot of people might be thinking, oh, you know, this guy has potential to win. I think we might see a case where he doesn't even play his top 6 and it may be ruined some of the momentum that he has off a winning this Pittsburgh pro. He focused solely on classic physique instead of switching over to 212, especially the fact that it's going to be his first 212 show ever. He doesn't really, I don't know if he knows what he's getting into. But whatever the case may be, whatever the outcome may be, I'm still very excited to see what happens. I mean, again, this is good for the sport. This is good for classic physique. This is exciting. And that's why I made the controversy video about the Pittsburgh pro. It's not that I dislike Steve Lourius. On controversy, he's going to bring more attention to the sport and it's good to have situations like this where two guys are neck and neck. Two guys are upset about the playsings. There's a rivalry. There's a controversy. It generates interest in the division. I think that was a very good thing for classic physique. And I mean, look how many views that video got and look how many people were in the comment section discussing the results of a classic physique show that wasn't even the Olympia or the Arnold. So it was good for the sport for me to post that video. And I think it's also good for the sport to have a guy that's a top guy in classic physique. I mean, make no mistake about it. Steve Lourius is a top classic physique guy. No question. And for him to switch over to another division, again, that's going to bring a lot of interest to the sport. So I'm definitely going to be excited to watch what happens. It brings that wild card factor to the New York pro. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Steve Lourius decision to jump over to 212. Do you think he's going to do well? Or do you think it's a mistake? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength of power signing out.