Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time Empower. So I finally got the HD pictures of Steve Llorious's Pro Day View in the 212 Body Building category. So I'd like to give a quick shout out to the Skydon Instagram at Cabir Bra. He's the one that actually got me these pictures and HD resolution so I really appreciate that. So these are the pictures of Steve and his 212 Division. Obviously he made the switch over from Classic physique to compete in 212 of the New York Pro. So my initial thoughts honestly it's pretty much exactly what I expected and honestly pretty much exactly what I predicted. Steve is a great classic body builder. This guy is built for Classic physique. 212 not so much and that really shows in the judging. The judges didn't even have him in the first three collouts which likely indicates that Steve will not even be in the top 10 of this show. So top six certainly not winning the show definitely not. Like I said before I think Steve's conditioning was a little bit off at the Pittsburgh Pro. And I think rather than trying to get smaller and cut down more to be more condition for the 212, it looks to me like Steve really tried to fill out even more to be bigger against these bigger guys in the 212 class. I think that was not the right move for him. You can tell he definitely carved up more. He definitely tried to fill out more and I think his conditioning definitely suffered as a result of that. Like I said man it's a thing where 212 is being judged much shorter guys and they're looking for a much higher degree of muscularity. They're looking for a lot of muscle packed on a short frame. A lot of these guys are 5, 5 and under in the 212 Division. Steve Lourius is 5, 10, about 210 pounds. You've got guys like Jose Raymond that get his heaviest, you know, 240 maybe even 250 in the offseason and cut down to the 212 Division at a height of like 5 foot 5. So this is definitely not the Division for Steve Lourius. It was exciting to see someone cross over. It was exciting to see Regan Grimes cross over into classic. I think that's a big exciting thing. Overall this weekend has been a great weekend and exciting weekend to be a bodybuilding fan. You had so many different things going on at the New York Pro. And that's why I've made so many videos that day because I wanted to give you guys coverage of everything that happened because there was so much cool stuff that happened. You had Regan Grimes crossing over into classic. You had Steve Lourius crossing over into 212. You had the great battle in men's open bodybuilding. You had Juan Morell, Justin Rodriguez. I mean Nathan Diaz said, you had lots of top guys, Lionel Bidecki, you had a team Williams. John Deloros said the list goes on and on. There were 26 men's open competitors. But overall I think it's good for Steve Lourius that I think this is a temporary thing. I think Steve said that. I think he knows that his trainer knows that the 212 is not the division for him. He knew that he just did this to kind of prevent his friend who is competing in classic from having his chances of qualifying for the Olympia be ruined by competing against Steve. So Steve wanted to jump in 212 temporarily. So I'm hoping that is 100% in the case. This is just the one time thing for Steve Lourius. I don't want to hate on the guy but honestly not a strong showing from Steve Lourius. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. How do you think Steve Lourius did in the 2012 division and how do you think he will place? My personal opinion he's going to be outside of the top 10 possibly not even place. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's second power signing out.