Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power's on this channel. We've talked about a lot of different things in the fitness industry from fake weights to Photoshop to fake biceps pumped up with oil. In this video, I want to talk about fake followers used by supplement companies in particular to influence people. The supplement companies appear to be larger than life with these massive followings on social media, specifically on Instagram. In the main company that I'm noticing here was one of the biggest companies in the supplement game in the fitness industry. You guys may remember a company by the name of Shredds, S-H-R-E-D-Z. Now back when Shredds was really at its peak, they were kind of infamous for signing athletes that weren't really actual athletes. They were mostly signing people that were other social media influencers or just guys with good physique or girls with good physique that simply just had a large following for really whatever reason. In a lot of those athletes ended up having a lot of controversies of their own regarding Photoshop or scamming people out of money. If these people had training programs, they were selling. Some of these guys got exposed for having an assistant right up these plans for their clients in the actual athlete themselves didn't have any involvement. Shredds already didn't have the best track record. But one of my followers actually pointed out to me on Instagram that Shredds has two million followers. But on their posts, they average one to 200 likes on each of their photos. Typically, almost everything that they pose, that's like 90% of it. I'd say 99% of it is going to be under a thousand likes and probably 75% of it is going to be under 500 likes and a lot of their recent stuff is going to be under 200 likes in some cases even under 100 likes. And again, they claim to have 2 million followers on Instagram, 2 million real followers they claim. So obviously something's not right with that. You've got 2 million followers and 200 people are liking your pictures on average. I've only got 20 something thousand followers and pretty much anything that I post averages 2 to 3 thousand likes. About a 10% or more engagement rate. So I actually went and did some research on the average Instagram engagement rates. So based on how many followers you have, what on average would be the number of people that should like one of your posts or view one of your posts. According to influence.co's engagement report as of April 2017, for an account with over 1 million followers, the typical engagement percentage is 1.5%. So if you do the math on that, the average engagement percentage for someone with 1 million followers would be 1.5%. If you have 1 million followers, that would be an average of 15,000 likes per post. Now keep in mind, shreds has 2 million followers. So technically, according to this percentage, an average account with 2 million followers should be getting about 30,000 likes per post, that's 1.5%. Now clearly, the photos posted on the shreds account are beneath the average, expected engagement rate for an account of that size. And not only are they just beneath that average, they don't come anywhere close to that average of 30,000. Again, it looks like in 90% of the cases, their photos don't even get a thousand likes on them. And then like I said, some of their recent posts even get less than 100 likes, so like 70 likes, 70 likes is less than 0.001% engagement. And it should be around 1.5% on average. They're not even close to that. So this video is just to serve as another reminder. There's a lot of things to watch out for in this fitness industry. There's a lot of people willing to do whatever it takes. Whatever fake thing they need to do, whether it's followers, weights, fake body parts, the photos shop, their pictures. They are willing to go to these extremes to sell their product or to get that extra follower. They're willing to do it. And shreds, unfortunately, is just one example of the many supplement companies that are probably buying fake followers to appear like they're a larger brand than they really are. And perhaps by appearing to have a larger following, it gives them the appearance of being a more reputable brand, a more popular brand. It's going to make people want to buy their product if they see oh, 2 million people are following the supplement company. They must have a pretty decent product. Do you or you more likely to buy a product from a supplement company that has 10,000 followers on social media or a company that has 2 million? I mean, it's basically just a marketing tactic. And it appears to me now, you can never know for sure, but it would appear to me, a large majority of shreds followers are probably either fake or just a large majority of them don't care about anything shreds has the post, which will also suggest that those followers are possibly purchased. This kind of bought accounts or accounts that don't really care about what shreds is posting. So, let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about supplement companies potentially having fake followers online. And please comment in the comment section below if you know of a company doing something similar to this. I'm going to call them out in the comment section below and maybe I'll check them out and do a video on them too. So, thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Sch餌 Power, signing out.