Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So the topic of this video is going to be tattoos and bodybuilding and whether or not they are okay as in, do they hurt your placings? Can you be successful with tattoos and bodybuilding? Do tattoos have a place in bodybuilding. Now it's the direction things are headed right now. This generation, you got the 5% crew really popularizing the idea of being a freak and having tattoos all of your body and really associating tattoos with bodybuilding. And I would say right now in 2018 tattoos are probably more acceptable and more popular than they ever have been in the past. And as a result of that, you are seeing more and more competitors, especially in the amateur ranks, competing with tattoos and not just small tattoos but significant tattoos like covering their entire arms, maybe covering their entire chest, giant back tattoos for example. So I want to talk about my opinion in this video of whether or not tattoos and bodybuilding, are really that big of a deal and whether or not they're going to hurt your placings. So I think first of this example, you need to look at the best bodybuilders in the world. And that is past and present, Mr. Olympia winner. So feel Heath, Jay Cutler, Ronnie Coleman, Lee Haney, none of those Mr. Olympias ever had tattoos anywhere on their body. But if you look back to Dory and Yates Dory and Yates actually did have a couple tattoos, specifically on his forearms. So tattoos just having one or two small tattoos is not going to hurt you that bad in judging and the judges really don't care that much. Now again, Dory and had his tattoos maybe two decades ago now when he won those Olympias. So obviously it wasn't that big of a taboo thing, even though back in the 90s tattoos weren't nearly as acceptable. So it's not like the judges are going to see a single tattoo on your body and say, okay, we're going to hurt this guy's placing. So we do have one Mr. Olympia winner in Dory and Yates that did have tattoos. You can go back to 2006 and I think Lee Priest is a very good example of this back in 2006. Lee Priest won probably the biggest title of his career, the 2006 Iron Man pro. And back then he had a pretty significant amount of tattoos, not nearly as many as he had now, but covering a significant portion of his arms, specifically his shoulders, but he still was able to do very well in the IAPV and won some pro shows, even having those tattoos. And again, I think Lee Priest is a good example of this because when Lee Priest would make his comeback back in 2013 to win the Navumister Universe, Lee Priest was absolutely covered in tattoos. And this speaks to a point that I want to mention in this video as well is the pro-tank technology today. The tank that the body builders put on the spray tank, they have certain blends of these pro-tans that are meant to mask or cover tattoos. So really, the technology as far as tanning goes today, you can cover up or mask pretty much a majority of any tattoos that you're going to have if you have the proper tan. It's not going to be a big deal. But in 2013 when he won the Navumister Universe, you could clearly see it on stage completely covered in tattoos. I mean his midsection, his back, his arms, even someone as legs. And while granted the Navumister Universe isn't nearly as competitive as the Mr. Olympia where a high level IAPV show, it still proves the point that you can win a very high level show, a very prestigious show, a professional body building show, being covered in tattoos. So I think it's kind of a myth that simply having tattoos is going to hold you back significantly in body building. You do I think it's necessarily a good idea to get a bunch of tattoos. If your career is going to be a professional body builder, it's probably not going to be a good idea. It's probably not going to help you any. And if anything, it might hurt you more so than it definitely would help you. But again, there's plenty of current body builders that you can look at that have been successful significantly good sized tattoos. Dallas McCarver, for example, before he passed away, a second place finish at the Aron Classic in Columbus, Ohio, and an eighth place finish at the Mr. Olympia competition, having a giant tattoo across his back, arguably one of the biggest body parts covering a substantial portion of his back. And he also had a tattoo on his arms, clearly the judges saw straight past that and gave him second place at the Aron Classic, eighth place at the Olympia, a very high level placing for someone with a tattoo. So honestly, I think from a judging standpoint, it's not going to hurt you that bad. It might hurt you a little bit, but overall it's not going to prevent you from winning a show. It's not going to prevent you from placing highly. It may take away to some degree from your physique. But overall, it's not really going to hurt your placings that drastically. Now that being said, my personal opinion is, although they might not hurt your judging too much, if you're a pro body builder, I think it's probably not a good idea to cover your body and tattoos. I mean, I know that tattoos really come down to personal preference and how you see your own body and what you want your own body to look like. But if you are a professional body builder, it doesn't really matter so much what you think about your body. It comes down to what the judges think, what your fans think, you're making money off your body. Your body is now your most valuable asset. So if it were me, I wouldn't go covering my body and tattoos if our professional body builder because that's not necessarily what your fans want to see. It's not necessarily the most marketable thing. It's not necessarily the best thing for someone that's competing in a show. Now if you're not a professional body builder and you're not competing in body building, I say go for it. It gives many tattoos as you want. But if you are a professional body builder or you are a competitive body builder, even if you're just an amateur and you just absolutely have to get a tattoo, you want a tattoo, even more than anything else, my recommendation would be to go on the forearms. I think the forearms of the calves would probably be the two least impactful places that you could get a tattoo as far as judging goes, as far as overall perception goes. I mean when you start getting tattoos that cover your largest muscle groups, such as your chest, your shoulders, your back, covering your legs, or even the people that get these giant like midsection tattoos on the side of their midsection, I think those are the kind of tattoos that if your place can be hurt, those are the tattoos that are going to hurt your place. So overall, my opinion is I don't think tattoos in body building are that big of a deal. It might ruin the overall aesthetic of your physique, especially when you're off stage and you don't have that pro-tank on and the tattoos are very evident and very visible. I mean it might turn off some of your fans, so it really comes down to a question of, how much do you care about what your fans think versus what you want. And I think honestly in this day and age, you can make much more of a career on social media, just being one of these freaky body builders, again, the 5% crew being a perfect example, rich peon are probably one of the most well-known body builders on the face of the earth. Obviously, you can completely cover the tattoos and most of the guys that are also signed with 5% that have massive social media following. Again, part of their appeal of being this big freak is also being covered in tattoos. So I'm sure you can make much more money just being a social media body builder if you never want to compete, you can have all the tattoos you want. So that's my opinion guys. I want to make this video because I've seen several people comment down in the comments section below. I mean, the old school guys tend to shy away from tattoos, some of the older body building fans say, there's no place for tattoos and body building. And I see a lot of the younger guys replying in the comments section and saying, hey, man, it's a new generation, it's a new era, tattoos are cool, tattoos are acceptable, it shouldn't be a problem. So I want you guys to debate this in the comment section below. I like to post interesting topics that is going to initiate a really good discussion in the comment section. That's part of what I want this channel to be. As a place where you guys can talk about your body building ideas, kind of like the forums how they used to be on websites where you could just post on a forum and argue back and forth or comment back and forth and share ideas. The video is the topic, the comment section allows you an outlet to express what you think. So make sure you guys subscribe to the channel if you want to see more of this kind of content. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink the power signing out.