Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on a power so I'm going to make a video about an old school professional wrestler who was also an accomplished power lifter and a high level bodybuilder as well. And that would be the Polish powerhouse Ivan Putski. Ivan Putski was a true professional wrestling legend starting his career all the way back in 1968 and it would last all the way up until 1996 and during that time he would wrestle with various promotions including the WWF and the ICW. And he is probably best known for his time that he spent in the WWF during his feuds with the famous Routy Roddy Piper and of course Sergeant Slotter. But if we're talking about professional wrestlers that had an extremely diverse background as far as strength sports and bodybuilding as concerned, look no further than even Putski because this guy was an absolute powerhouse standing only five foot six inches tall. And as early wrestling career I'll show you guys some pictures from back then he was about over 250 pounds at five foot six inches tall. So not a very tall guy. But he was insanely dense and insanely strong at the peak of his strength. He claimed to have a 600 pound bench press. In fact many of the powerlifting magazines at that time did articles on even Putski where they talked about his bench press routine and the way that he would rep out 400 plus pounds like it was nothing. In his day to day work at routine. So even Putski was one of the strongest wrestlers of all time and that regard. And it wasn't just the bench press he was strong and he was strong all around and squatting deadlifting everything. And that would actually bring him to the point of having the very impressive size of 20 inch calves. In his workout and training methodologies would become legendary and people still to this day look back at his Polish power template. I'm still using that as a method of gaining strength because it was such an impressive program and he was so frequently strong for his size. Now another fascinating thing about even Putski is that that freakest strength would actually end up gaining the attention of the world strongest man organization. And they would invite him to compete in the second ever world strongest man in 1978. Now you guys might remember from the first video that I did about the 1977 world strongest man which was the first one ever where they kind of had a hodgepodge of guys. It's not like it is today and there wasn't a pro strong man organization that fed into world strongest man. They would just take strong guys from various sports and various backgrounds, whether it was wrestling football, bodybuilding, Olympic weightlifting. And they would just take this group of guys and have them compete in these obscure lifts to see who is the strongest like a 1977. They had Lou Ferigno, they had Franco Colombo, they had famous football players from that era. They had Olympic medalists, it was just kind of a random grouping of guys and 1978 was no exception. Now the 1978 world strongest man was actually one by a guy by the name of Bruce Willhelm. And in that competition even Putski he didn't place that well. He placed eighth out of ten competitors at the world strongest man in 1978. But still bear in mind we're talking about a guy who was one of the most successful and popular pro wrestlers of all time. He was also a very successful power lifter having one of the best bench presses arguably in the WWE F. At that time. A 600 plus pound bench, you got to remember back in that day. That was an insane bench press. And back then I'm sure we're talking about a raw bench press and there was no type of real bench shirt apparatus to really give him any assistance at all in that lift. So in addition to that, I also mentioned that even Putski got into bodybuilding. So around the time of the mid 70s, late 70s, would be where he started to drop weight to prepare for bodybuilding. Now some of those early photos that I showed you of Putski was when he weighed over 250 pounds at five foot six. Obviously at a weight like that at a height like that. He wasn't going to be very lean. So towards the end of his wrestling career with the AWA around 1974 and towards the beginning of his wrestling career with the WF, that would be where he would begin dropping weight and getting leaner and having more of a physique as a wrestler. To pursue his goal of getting into bodybuilding. So during that time, he only weighed about two, fifteen to two hundred and twenty pounds dropping roughly thirty five pounds from his previous weight when he started wrestling. Now I actually did manage to dig up some of Ivan Putski's NPC contest history. So he did compete in the NPC throughout the 80s, in particular the early 80s. And he made it to one of the highest levels that you can compete at in the NPC and that would be NPC nationals and also NPC USAs. So starting in 1982 he would compete in the NPC USAs and he wouldn't do too well in the heavyweight division placing four teeth. He would compete the following year in 1983 at NPC Nationals placing 18th in the heavyweight division at that show. And as you can see from these photos of Ivan Putski's bodybuilding career, you can tell he really didn't have the prettiest physique. But I was actually pretty impressed by the graininess and the hardness of his physique as well as the conditioning. And I think he actually had pretty impressive bicep peaks as well. He had that crazy short insertion on his bicep. I'm that created a really unique peak look to his bicep's. But overall not too successful as a bodybuilder far more successful in his pursuits as a strength athlete and a pro wrestler. But I still think it's pretty interesting and noteworthy that he would try pretty much every venue to test his strength and test his physique. Whether that be bodybuilding powerlifting, professional wrestling or the world strongest man. So I think that's a very impressive resume for a guy within this strength industry. Now Ivan Putski is still alive today at the age of 77 years old. As far as I know, following his professional wrestling career, he would work as a security guard up until his retirement. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video and found it interesting. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and extra income power signing out. Thank you.