Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's strength and power. So today I want to make a video about one of the most iconic and arguably one of the most important classic body builders and body building history. I'm going to turn to his contribution to the initial title wins of winning the first ever Mr. America competition and also the first ever mystery universe competition. So first we have to go all the way back to 1940 where John Germek won his first Mr. America title. So back at that time there was a competition held the year prior in 1939, but it was not yet called the Mr. America. It was called America's best built man and it was not sanctioned by the AAU until 1940. So 1940 was the first year there was a sanction title of Mr. America. That is the title that you won and that began in 1940 with John Germek winning the first Mr. America title. And then of course in true IFBB fashion Joe and Ben Weiter would start their own IFBB Mr. America title in 1949. But when people talk about the Mr. America title just keep in mind that the AAU is the oldest and most respected Mr. America title there is. So the greatest Mr. America's in my opinion came out of the AAU. So now it's fast forward about eight years now. John Germek had one two Mr. America titles back to back in 1940 and 1941. Then when you fast forward to 1948, John Germek would win the first ever Mr. Universe competition. So back in 1948 there was no NAVA yet. NAVA was not an organization. There was no pro or amateur. There was just the Mr. Universe. So the very first Mr. Universe title ever won was won by John Germek in 1948 where he defeated the legendary Steve Reeves to win that title. Now in 1949 there was not a Mr. Universe competition held the following year because during this time the people that arranged this first Mr. Universe competition. In fact the person that arranged it was David Johnston who was the editor of Strength and Health magazine. What you can see right here with John Germek on the cover posing on kind of as Greek pillar. One of the most iconic covers of Strength and Health magazine in my opinion. This actual specific cover was the issue of the magazine that they were using to promote this Mr. Universe competition. So originally it was Strength and Health magazine putting on the Mr. Universe. Then they would skip the 1949 Mr. Universe because that's when NAVA was being formed. So you could say John Germek played a key role in the formation of NAVA by winning that first ever Mr. Universe and promoting that first ever Mr. Universe which would become one of the most prestigious and longest running titles in the history of body building the NAVA Mr. Universe title which would become more sought after in some cases than the Mr. Olympia title. So then in 1949 John Germek would go on to win the Mr. USA title making him a two-time Mr. America first Mr. Universe winner and Mr. USA winner. But if we rewind back to 1936 before his body building career he was also on the US Olympic weightlifting team and he's known for training and working at York Barbell the famous York Barbell. Which arguably changed the course of weightlifting history in America forever with that 1936 Olympic team that basically was trained out of York Barbell. Now just to give you guys some frame of reference for how strong he really was his body weight was between 215 and 225 pounds or 93 to 102.1 kilograms standing at a height of 5 foot 8 inches tall or 172.5 centimeters. Now at that height and weight his best bench press was 480 pounds his best deadlift was 600 pounds and his best squat was 700 pounds. Now keep in mind this was during the 1930s and 1940s it's not like it is today and you know a 600 pound deadlift was not an everyday thing this was not something you're seeing you know all the time on Instagram like you see today a 600 pound deadlift in the 30s and 40s was a very rare feat of strength. In the same could be said for a 5-plate bench press back then I mean that was just an insane feat of strength for someone during that era and John Germek was doing all of these things. One of the best body builders to come out of that era one of the pound for pounds strongest men to come out of that era. One of the most groundbreaking body builders to come out of that era winning two inaugural titles of two of the competitions that would become the longest running. And most prestigious titles ever this guy was you know the pioneer the trailblazer for both of those competitions. So as I mentioned in 1949 John Germek would go on to compete in the AAU Mr USA and when he competed in that competition he announced out because last body building competition ever. He would obviously win that show beating guys like Clarence Ross, George I for men and Steve Reeves for a second time. And Steve Reeves himself has even been quoted as saying John Germek is the best body builder that he has ever gone up against on the face of the world. So unfortunately back in 1998 John Germek passed away at the age of 88 years old and the interesting thing about this was pretty soon after his death he was actually inducted into the IFBB Hall of Fame. Despite the fact that he had never competed in an IFBB competition so I found that to be a little bit interesting. That the IFBB claimed him even though he was kind of the trailblazer for both organizations that were direct rivals to the IFBB really. So that is the story of John Germek guys one of the greatest body builders to come out of the 30s and 40s era of body building. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next rank and power signing out. Thank you.