Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about a bodybuilder by the name of Brian Buchanan. Now there's so much talk today about guys with these big waste and bodybuilding. I don't think there's enough talk about guys that had the crazy small waste in bodybuilding. In my opinion, Brian Buchanan had proportionally the smallest waste in bodybuilding. So I'm not talking about in terms of sheer measurement in this smallest waste, even though he only had a 28 inch waste with an expanded chest of 57 inches, creating one of the greatest V-tapers ever. But proportionally, I don't think we've ever seen another bodybuilder that had a waste as small as he had with an upper body as big as he had, creating that waste to upper body ratio. That was just absolutely out of this world. Now if you want to talk about some of the greatest vacuum poses of all time, you've got to have Brian Buchanan in that conversation. Now granted Frank Zain had an amazing vacuum pose, but he didn't have nearly the upper body mass that Brian Buchanan had because not only did Brian Buchanan have this tiny waste, he was able to pull off an incredible vacuum pose. He had actually really big arms, really big chest, and pretty good lats as well to accompany this small waste. Creating possibly one of the greatest classic physics that we had ever seen. Now Brian Buchanan competed primarily in the 1980s, specifically he would hit his stride in the late 80s. Now unfortunately, we would only get the opportunity to see Brian Buchanan compete at the Mr. Olympia competition on two occasions in 1988 and 1989. So in 1988 he placed seventh at the Mr. Olympia in a 1989 he placed eighth, but 1988 I would say was his better of the two Olympia appearances, having what many would describe as the V-taper from hell. Probably the best V-taper on the Olympia stage, but really in terms of his overall impression on the Olympia he never did better than seventh, so that's probably why a lot of you guys have not heard of him. The reason why I think he didn't place very highly is because although he had this incredible upper body ratio, I don't think his legs were as good as the upper body, so I think his legs were certainly a lacking point, just in terms of overall size, but had he had bigger legs and maybe a little bit more overall muscle mass. You could have seen Brian Buchanan win a Mr. Olympia, but keep in mind during the time that he was competing at the Mr. Olympia in 1988 and 1989, these are both years that we would see Lee Haney win, and Lee Haney in my opinion was essentially just a bigger version of Brian Buchanan. I mean if you compare both Lee Haney and Brian Buchanan's front double-by-step with a vacuum pose, they look extremely similar, except for the fact that Lee Haney is just a little bit bigger than him. So when people say bodybuilding has a lot to do with illusion and creating this illusion of an X frame or a V-taper, I think Brian Buchanan was simply just the master of that. He was the embodiment of that illusion, having a waist of small as he did made his upper body look so much bigger, made his V-taper look that much crazier, and it even made his legs look bigger, despite the fact that they were actually not that big, having a waist that small going into the legs, made the legs look that much bigger. So despite the fact that Brian Buchanan did not have that much success within the IFB, he was very successful in the organization known as NABA, and as many of you already know NABA was basically the premier title and bodybuilding prior to the Mr. Olympia. The NABA Mr. Universe competition was the most sought after title prior to 1965, and Brian Buchanan would win that NABA Mr. Universe competition in 1984 prior to entering the IFBB, and then after leaving the IFBB, he would go back to NABA in 1995 and win the NABA Universe again. And then three years later he would come back to the IFB in 1998, placing 13th at the night of champions, then placing 9th at the Toronto Pro-Invitational. So I just wanted to share that with you guys. I'm sure a lot of people are getting tired of people talking about the biggest guts and bodybuilding today, and rather it'd be interesting to focus on one of the smallest guts of all time, or one of the smallest waist, you can't even call it a gut. You didn't have any type of gut whatsoever, one of the smallest waist of all time. So let me know what you guys thought about the video in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it, Nick Strengthen Power, signing out.