Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's trying to power. So I'm going to make a video about who I feel is the most improved body builder from the 2018 Arnold Classic or really at this point you could just say the most improved body builder of 2018 in general. So for that I would go with Steve Kouklo who plays to fifth at the Arnold Classic this year. So Steve Kouklo has actually had been around for a while. He turned pro back in 2011. He's one shows like the Dallas, Europa. He's also one the Arnold Classic Brazil back in 2014. But really after that 2014 Arnold Classic Brazil win, he didn't really see too much from Steve Kouklo in terms of crazy top, you know, top-ready places or even wins. And you could arguably say that of the recent years 2014 was probably his best year, you know, of the past four years in 2014. He won that Arnold Classic Brazil and he also plays ninth at the Olympian 2014, which would be his best Olympic placing. Then the following year at the Olympia in 2015 his placing would drop all the way down to 16th, which was basically a tie for last place. Now in 2016 at the Olympia, you would see Steve Kouklo move up from 16th all the way to 13th, which is a three place improvement, so that's not too shabby. But still he wasn't really getting anyone's attention at that point. So as far as I know, Steve Kouklo hasn't really competed in much if at all since that 2016 Mr. Olympia. I know he skipped the 2017 Mr. Olympia. I'm pretty sure he did not do the Arnold Classic either of those years 2016 or 2017. So in a lot of ways this was like a comeback show for him trying to really make a statement and prove himself. I mean, he probably took a significant amount of time off to focus on improving his physique and bring something completely different, which I think is what he did. Now I remember when I first noticed Steve Kouklo going into this Arnold Classic someone sent me a video of him prepping for the show. And honestly he looked really phenomenal in that video and after I saw that video, I had him in the top six after I made my prediction video because I saw that video him training. And this guy just looked, he looked shredded, he looked big, he just looked freaking and I was like man this guy might come out of nowhere and crack into that top six. But again, I was still very cautiously optimistic going into the 2018 Arnold Classic on how he would place because it's just because of his previous track record. I don't really know how he's going to do against a lineup like this. You got to keep in mind man, this lineup had multiple Arnold Classic winners and he had Dexter Jackson, five time Arnold Classic winner. He had said it in a million Arnold Classic winner. Dennis Wolf, a former Arnold Classic winner. William Bonaak, third place at the Olympia. You had a really winkler, multiple consistent time top 10 at the Mr Olympia. I mean here you have a guy who was 13 to the Olympia going up against the lineup of really some of the greatest body builders of the modern era. And he was right there going toe to toe with him in that top six first call out. So I think Steve Kouklo's fifth place finished at the 2018 Arnold Classic is one of the bigger stories coming out of that show. I think this is really something we should be looking at going forward. The potential of a guy like Steve Kouklo to place highly at the Olympia to win some of these other shows that are a little bit smaller. I mean maybe to do well because what we saw here was a completely different Steve Kouklo. This guy was shredded to the bone. He brought the size. He brought the conditioning. His legs looked really really good. The only criticism I would have is a very minor criticism I would say is back. Might use a little bit of work. I would say just a little bit more depth and detail in that back. And he would be a very very dangerous competitor. He looks very good from the front. Phenomenal from the front actually. He's just one of those guys. It seems like a good guy. You want to see him succeed. He's a firefighter. He followed me back on Instagram after I met him at the Arnold Classic. He seems like a really good dude man. He's one of those dudes come back story. You really want to see him do well. I'm looking forward to seeing what Steve Kouklo is going to be able to do in the future going forward. I think this is going to build a lot of momentum for him going into some of these shows later in the year later in the season. Let me know what you guys think about Steve Kouklo's physique in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.