Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power so it's the Monday after the Arnold Classic Australia. I'm not one more video that I wanted to make regarding the top six placings at the Arnold Classic Australia. So in this video I want to talk about maybe the number one underdog coming out of this show and going into the competitive season and that would be Luke Sando. So Luke Sando is a bodybuilder from the UK that we haven't really seen too much of. But I thought from a size standpoint this guy was tremendously impressive at the Arnold Australia. Now obviously there's a tad bit of a conditioning issue here and that's probably what held him back and put him in six place. But honestly I feel like six place was kind of a robbery for him. I mean giving him six I think he could have easily beat that fourth place guy Luke is also even though that Luke has had tremendous conditioning. His structure was so bad I think that Luke Sando certainly deserved to beat him with the structure and the size that Luke Sando brought. I mean he looks very reminiscent of a Dorian Yates type of physique especially from the back. His back development is absolutely insane when you see him in that lineup next to some of the guys that they were comparing for seven eight and nine. His back was smoking those guys man. You could see at some point during this post in the routine he did have a little bit of a distance and gut. But he did a very very good job overall on stage of controlling that gut. I mean that's really the name of the game. I think a lot of these bodybuilders really do end up having some sort of gut but it's really a question of whether or not they're able to control it. I'm that's one of the things that I wanted to commend him for is the fact that he did have somewhat of a big waste. But you could tell he was really trying and really paying a lot of attention to controlling it on stage and not letting it hang out in the transitions, not letting it hang out in the manitories. So I want to commend him for that. And I just think this guy is going to be a dark horse going forward in some of these shows. This guy is a tremendous bodybuilder, tremendous size. I do know that he's competing in about two weeks at the IFB Indy Pro and Indianapolis. And Steve Kuhklo is also going to be competing there. So I think it's going to be down to maybe him and Steve for one and two. I don't even know who else is doing this show but I think those are the two biggest names that are jumping in it. So you know that's going to be a show where you could see him really make waves. Certainly placing that top three and potentially win a show like that. Other Steve Kuhklo, the package that you brought to the ono classic. If you're able to bring that again man it's going to be a very tough package for Luke Sando to beat especially in the conditioning aspect. But I just think man this is somebody that we need to be watching out for in the future. This guy crazy structure, crazy size on this guy. Crazy muscularity his posing was actually pretty good as well. He did kind of a Dorian Yate style posing routine. I guess he kind of knew that he had a similar physique to Dorian Yates and he was hitting poses very similar to the way that Dorian hit those poses. So again I'm just very impressed by this guy. I was really kind of shocked to see him in sixth and not see him you know place higher. He was beaten by a Hide Tate Yamaki. She and of course Luke is also a Dill. I think he looked better than both of those guys but certainly Hide was infinitely more conditioned on the Luke Sando and that's probably what gave him the edge. But from a size and structure standpoint between him and Hide I think is no contest. And again from a structure standpoint at Luke is also Dill. I think again this is no contest. So if this guy is able to come in with crazy crisp conditioning Luke Sando is going to be a serious threat to any major pro show. Mark my words on that when you see this guy come in peeled he's going to be one of those guys that is super dangerous. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys think about Luke Sando's physique. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and the strength and power signing out.