Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shondon Powers and this video I want to talk about a bodybuilder from the golden era of bodybuilding who arguably had some of the greatest triceps in the history of bodybuilding. Many people refer to him as the Roli Winkler of the 80s. This is a bodybuilder named Leighbore Menarek. So Leighbore Menarek was a check bodybuilder who competed from 1976 to 1989. Now despite the massive size of his triceps and his arms in general this guy actually wasn't that massive of a bodybuilder this guy weighed about 90 kilograms in competition condition which equates to about 198 pounds. So conceivably had this guy been competing today he probably would have been a 12 competitor. Now Leighbore is arguably one of the most famous bodybuilders to come out of the check Republic aside from Pavled Jabloniki who I also made a video about about a year ago. The number of check bodybuilders have actually been very successful. I was very limited to numbers so Leighbore is actually a pretty famous guy in the check where he comes from. But I'm sure many of you guys even hard core bodybuilding fans probably have not heard of Leighbore and that is probably due to the fact that he didn't compete in any of the major shows here in the states he never did the Olympia he never did the Arnold classic he never did the night of champions. Any of the main shows that we've heard of he hasn't done. Now that is something that is contrary to his fellow Czechoslovakian bodybuilder Pavled Jabloniki who is arguably one of the most well known Czech bodybuilders of all time because he was a perennial competitor in the Olympia the night of champions all the grand pre-he's the Arnold classic Pavled you know competed in everything whereas a guy like Leighbore Leighbore stayed primarily over in Europe and didn't really come out of his shell and compete over here in the states but despite that fact he did have one of the most impressive physiques in terms of his arm development to come out of that era. So as far as I know Leighbore was also never an IFBB pro so he did actually compete in the 1987 IFBB Mystery Universe also known as the World Amateur Bodybuilding Championships so even though this was an IFBB show the guys competing there were not yet pro bodybuilders so in that show he took second in the light heavyweight division to his fellow Czech bodybuilder Pavled Jabloniki so some of the videos that you might be able to find of Leighbore on YouTube are probably going to be from that 1987 World Amateur Championships also known as the Mystery Universe. Now Leighbore got started bodybuilding back in the golden era his first competition would be in 1976 but he wouldn't really hit his stride as a body builder until 1980 where he would win his first of seven championships of the Czechoslovakic socialist republic so from 1980 to 1989 would be his reign as the champion of the CSSR he would start winning in 1980 he would win again in 81 82 83 84 85 then he would go to the IFBB World Amateur Championships in 86 and 87 and then he would go back to competing in the CSSR in 1989. So again this guy is definitely a forgotten bodybuilder in that you know in that regard because he wasn't really active in the United States and none of us have really heard of him but I want to the main focus of this video to be his insane tricep development because I really do think it's a shame that not a lot of people know who he is because you have guys like Arnold that's known for his chest he's known for his you know biceps you've got guys like Tom Plats from the golden era known for having insane legs but you don't really know of a guy from the golden era that was known for having the standout insane triceps like Leighbore had and I think Leighbore as a guy that belongs in that category similar to a Tom Plats with legs or similar to an Arnold Schwarzenegger with his biceps I think Leighbore was really way ahead of his time during that era with his tricep development he should have you know got a lot more recognition than he did for being so overachieving in the area of his triceps and like I said that's why a lot of people refer to him as you know the really winkler of the golden era because really no one had triceps like that and like really winkler today nobody has triceps like really winkler nobody has arms like really winkler and back then it was the same thing nobody had triceps like Leighbore Menare. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it or learn something thank you guys for watching Nick Strengthen Power signing out.