Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shonda Power. So in this video I want to talk about a classic physique competitor by the name of Terrence Ruffin, more commonly known on social media by his Instagram name, Ruff Diesel. Now recently Terrence Ruffin has been making quite a name for himself in the classic physique division. In particular, this past year is Olympia in 2017, he plays top six, placing sixth in 2017 and in 2016, placing ninth. But in addition to that, more recently he won the Toronto Pro qualifying him again for 2018's Mr. Olympia in the classic physique division. But the standout thing about Terrence Ruffin was not only the fact that he won the Toronto Pro, but in particular it was his posing routine at the 2018 Toronto Pro. I'm a lot of people were very impressed with the posing of Terrence Ruffin and Toronto. Myself included, I mean I love the direction that classic physique is headed. I mean this is a perfect example of classic physique bringing back that good classical posing that a lot of people feel men's open body building today is lacking. I think Terrence Ruffin's posing routine at the Toronto Pro is a perfect example of that fact. Terrence Ruffin is a guy, he's got a very good physique, a very good fit for classic physique. But I wouldn't say he has the best classic physique and I wouldn't necessarily say he's a threat to necessarily win the classic physique Olympia. But the impressive thing about him is with that posing, he makes his physique look even better. He highlights his strong points, he's able to hide his weaker points, he's able to win shows, in my opinion, through that incredible posing. And I think that's what classic body building is really all about. I mean back in the day you had guys like Frank Zane, you had Mike Mensers, you had guys like Ed Corny and even slightly more recent guys like Leila Brada, that had incredible posing, maybe not the greatest physique on stage, but their posing made them stand out competitors. I think Terrence Ruffin is the modern example of that in the classic physique division. Now I think although Terrence's upper body could certainly use some improvements to make him a top threat to the Mr. Olympia title, however I think his strongest point would certainly be his legs. I mean this guy has incredible size to his legs, incredible detail and separation in the quads and hamstrings, and he's got calves as well. And I think another cool thing about Terrence Ruffin's posing is the fact that he embodies a lot of Leila Brada's poses and I mentioned Leila Brada earlier for that reason. I think Terrence Ruffin hits a lot of poses that Leila Brada was mostly known for and he pulls them off very, very well. So I'm very impressed with Terrence Ruffin and I'm always excited to see someone bringing another level of competition to the Olympia because it makes the Olympia that much more interesting. I think classic physique as a division right now. You've got guys coming out of the woodwork that are crazy, crazy classic physique. Guys like Wesley Visters, guys like Regan Grimes jumping in classic physique, guys like Chris Bumsted, all of these guys look fantastic and you can make an argument for all of these guys being the embodiment of classic physique. And I think the other interesting thing about classic physique is the fact that because it's such a new division, I think the Olympia winner is going to change a lot as the judges really nail down what kind of physique they're looking for, what the standards are and who's going to set those standards by winning the Mr. Olympia. So I think the next five years or so in classic physique are going to be an interesting couple of years, unlike men's open bodybuilding, we have the same guy winning over and over again. I think we're going to have a lot of different champions in classic physique. I mean, it's only been around for two years at the Olympia and we've already had two different champions and honestly in 2018, I think classic physique is posed to have a new Mr. Olympia. Not to say Breon Ainsley isn't a great champion, but I think there's so many guys coming up, nipping at his heels. I think he certainly has his hands full at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Terrence Reuffins' pose and routine at the Toronto Pro Super Show. Thank you guys for watching the video. I hope you enjoyed it. And please give this video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time you can power, signing out.