Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time of Power so today I wanted to make a video on Sergio O'Liva. Now I've done a couple of videos on Sergio in the past but I've never really done a full complete profile of Sergio and his competition history. I've talked about some of his rivalries with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Some of the times when they went head to head and the outcome was controversial. I've also talked about Sergio's comeback in 1984. But I wanted to make a more standalone video about Sergio's kind of detailing all the things that he achieved during his career, his posing, his accolades, his Mr. Olympia wins, his rivalry with Joe Weater. All the things that contributed to making him the body builder that he was remembered to be. So Sergio O'Liva would begin his competitive career in body building in 1964, competing in the AAU, Mr. America, where he took seventh place. In 1966, he had won his first junior Mr. America and then in 1966 he would also win the IFPB Mr. World. Then he would compete in his first Mr. Olympia ever to the 1966 Olympia where he placed fourth and obviously 1966 is the final year that Larry Scott won the Olympia. Larry Scott won the first Olympia ever in 65. When his second Olympia in 66 and then he would retire from body building. So Sergio would win his first of three Mr. Olympia titles beginning in 1967. So he would win 67, 68 and 69, making him a three-time Mr. Olympia winner at that time that was the record for most Olympia wins. During that time he also won the 67 IFPB Mr. Universe competition. Now in 1970, history would be made and this would kind of mark the coming of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold would actually defeat Sergio O'Liva, the Raining Mr. Olympia at the 1970 AAU Mr. World competition which was held just before the 1970 Mr. Olympia which would be the Olympia where Arnold would finally de-throne Sergio O'Liva and win his first of seven Olympia titles. So Sergio being defeated in 1978 that Mr. World competition is a very important moment in body building history. Now even though the Mr. Olympia wasn't that old yet this would be the first time in history as I mentioned that a Raining Mr. Olympia would be defeated outside of the Mr. Olympia competition. And this would not happen again until 2002 where Gunter Sler Camp defeated five-time Mr. Olympia at the time Ronnie Coleman at the 2002 GNC show of strength just weeks after the Mr. Olympia. So this is something that has happened very few times in body building history seeing a Raining Mr. Olympia get defeated off the Olympia stage. Now Sergio and Joe Weeder would have a lot of ups and downs during Sergio's body building career and this would really begin in 1970-slash 71 where Sergio decided to go over to NABBA and compete in the Mr. Universe. So NABBA was the rival organization to the IFBB. I've said this many times but prior to the IFBB the NABBA Mr. Universe was the number one most sought after title in body building. So Sergio went over there to compete for that title placing second in the 1971 NABBA Mr. Universe. Now the note worthy thing about this is 1971 was the here the IFBB implemented their non-sanctioned policy in their body building competition. So what that meant was if you competed in a rival Federation and you were an IFBB pro body builder you could be banned or disqualified from upcoming Mr. Olympia competitions. And that's exactly what happened to Sergio in 1971 where he was banned from competing at the Mr. Olympia and as a result in 1971 Arnold Schwarzenegger was actually the only competitor to compete in that years of Olympia. And Sergio was not allowed but he was allowed to guess pose at that show. So that is why you will see photos of Sergio on the Olympia stage in 1971 posing but it was simply a guess posing. He was not a competitor in the 1971 Mr. Olympia. Now the 1972 Mr. Olympia would be where the rivalry between Joe Weater and Sergio at Levo really come to peak because in 1972 Sergio placed second to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sergio claims he deserved a win that show and many other body building fans think Sergio won in 1972 as well. And he went on to say that after he placed second Joe Weater told him that his ban from the Olympia was still in effect and that is why he got second place and did not win the show. And Sergio there's kind of a lot of controversy about this but in Sergio's own words that's what happened. So after that 1972 Mr. Olympia Sergio became very disgruntled and he was obviously upset at the fact that you know why would they let him compete if his ban was still in place why would they place him second? Why would he have even been at the Mr. Olympia if he was still banned? He thought it was kind of a bogus excuse for you know Joe Weater allowing Arnold the win because Arnold was obviously Joe Weater's golden boy and you know he saw Arnold as the future of body building. So Sergio felt that the competition was rigged in favor of Arnold and you know the whole ban thing was just kind of an excuse. So is it this point that Sergio made a major move that would piss off Joe Weater and that would be to go compete and Joe Weater's main rival Dan Loury. His body building organization known as the WBBG or the World Body Building Guild. Dan Loury and Joe Weater have done a whole video on this topic but they were basically rival promoters that had a lot of bad blood between them and when Sergio came over to the WBBG it was a big deal in body building history to have you know a three-time Mr. Olympia basically one of the IIPB's best body builders that come over to another organization. I'm going to start competing for them. So in that video where I talked about Sergio making a comeback to the 1984 Mr. Olympia one of the things that I wanted to mention here was the fact that Sergio never retired from body building. He simply quit competing in the Mr. Olympia from 1972 to 1984 but he was still competing over in the WBBG winning a slew of titles including the WBBG Mr. Galaxy the WBBG Mr. International the WBBG Mr. Olympus which he won about three times. He would compete in the WABBA World Championships which he would win twice and he would also win the WABBA Pro World Cup twice. Now an interesting thing about the WABBA or the World Amateur Body Building Association is this was another rival Federation to the IIPB actually founded by the French Body Builder Serge New Bray who many of you guys may remember from pumping iron he actually founded it the year after pumping iron. So this was another guy that you can argue was pretty disgruntled with his playings in the IIPB. So he went on to start his own organization WABBA. So it was pretty obvious that Sergio was trying to send a message to Joe Weader that he was pissed off and he was going to these other organizations and winning other major titles. So that would bring us to 1984 where Sergio leave a kind of put aside his differences with Joe Weader to compete in the Olympia two more times. So in 1984 at the age of 44 years old Sergeo would come back and compete at the Olympia placing a very respectable eighth place at a very competitive lineup. Now Sergio even said after the fact that he realized there was no chance that Joe Weader would ever let him win another Mr. Olympia title but he wanted to try anyway especially considering the fact that in 1984 Arnold had been retired for four years so he knew he wasn't going to have to go head to head with Arnold anymore so it was kind of a new era and body building. He thought the time was right to jump back on stage. And I've got to say as far as come back, Joe Sergeo leave a very impressive comeback as physique was very impressive, very thick and very dense. You could even make an argument he was bigger than at some points in his career when he was still with the IIPB. So Sergio would compete at the Olympia one final time in 1985 again placing eighth and that would be essentially his retirement from body building. And again that's where you see the iconic photos of Sergio holding up his son on stage. His son obviously Sergio Jr. who is an IFBB pro today. Most notably winning this past year's New York pro competition and how iconic will it be when Sergio finally competes on the Olympia stage he will be the first body builder in history to be a legacy Mr. Olympia competitor and what I mean by legacy is a son of a former Mr. Olympia winner competing in the Mr. Olympia competition has never been done before and it will be a giant moment in body building history when Sergio Jr. decides to step on the last stage. Now unfortunately Sergio Sr. is no longer with us he passed away back in 2012 at the age of 71 years old but he certainly did leave a pretty impactful legacy on body building. Not just in the sense of the titles that he won but his posing as well. I mean his victory pose which he pretty much trade mark became one of the most iconic poses in body building that kind of overhead kind of a variation of a front double bicep pose. Where you've got the lats flared out it shows your V tape or it shows the size of your arms it shows the size of your forearms you've got your quads flexed it was just a very iconic pose for that era and you see many body builders today trying to replicate that pose and very few of them can pull off that pose like Sergio ported off in his prime. I think Lee Priest is one of the few body builders that can pull off that pose in a way that's almost as impressive as Sergio leave us but I think no one will ever have the same victory pose as Sergio. And of course even though Arnold defeated Sergio and took the Olympia title from him Sergio still remains only one of three men to ever defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger and a body building contest so that is a very big distinction. And then of course he had Sergio changing the history of body building by forever changing the rules in the IFBB with that 1971 non-Sanction policy which again many people feel that Sergio leave us with the sole reason that that policy was created and that is a policy that remains in place to this day. And then just a quick overview of Sergio stats I mean he was about 235 pounds on stage or 166 kilograms at a height of 5 foot 10 which for that era and body building was a pretty big body builder. And he also supported a very impressive 27 inch waist which is part of the reason why he had one of the greatest V tapers of all time and a major part of the reason why his victory pose looked as impressive as it did. So that is the video guys I hope you guys enjoyed it please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next strength and power signing out.