Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick Shondra Power. So I'm going to make a video about the body builder, Nasser Elson body, and why I feel that he is truly an uncrowned Mr. Olympia. So I just want to preface this video by saying that Nasser has passed away in 2013 at the age of 47, so he's no longer with us, but his primary competitive career was in the 1990s. So during the 1990s, Nasser was a certified mass monster weighing on stage between 270 pounds and 290 pounds, or between 120 and 130 kilograms, and in the off season he was said to get as heavy as 330 pounds, or 150 kilograms. So that is a massive body builder, even by today's standards. You know, big Romney being one of the biggest guys in bodybuilding history weighing up to 350 pounds in the off season, Nasser was doing that 20 years ago. So I think that really speaks to how insane of a physique Nasser Elson body really had, especially for the 1990s, and the era that he was competing. And keep in mind, this was during the era of Dorian Yates, and primarily before the era of Ronnie Coleman. So no one had really seen a physique like this, aside from the physique that Dorian Yates brought. And even then, Nasser was much bigger than Dorian Yates at a height of 5 foot 11, and the weight that he came in. He was still, you know, significantly bigger than Dorian. And many people had argued that Dorian was the one that really ushered in the era of the mass monster, Dorian being the first guy to really bring that freaky, granite hard physique, with that crazy amount of muscular development. I mean, Nasser is still, you know, in a lot of people's opinions, I was more impressive and bigger than Dorian. So honestly, I think Nasser was on the fast track to winning the Mr. Olympia during the mid to late 90s. So in 95 and 96, he placed third, both of those years at the Mr. Olympia, obviously both of those years over years at Dorian Yates won the Olympia. And then in 1997, his arguably his most noteworthy Olympia appearance were a lot of people felt, including myself, that he looks significantly better than Dorian Yates in pretty much every shot. I don't think there's a whole lot of body building fans out there that would argue that Nasser probably deserved to win that 1997 Mr. Olympia. I mean, in the history of Mr. Olympia, aside from the 1980 Olympia, 1997, we'll probably go down in history as one of the most controversial of all time. Just looking at any given picture, you know, definitely the front double bicep pose was a dead giveaway for where Nasser was certainly exceeding what Dorian Yates brought to the stage. But the thing that really set Nasser apart was not only was he a certified mass monster with his overall height, weight and muscular development on stage. He also had a very small waist. His abs were always very well developed, crazy shoulders. And he was very proportionate as well. Now Nasser had a 16 year professional career placing third in 33 pro shows and winning six pro shows, including the 1999 Arnold Classic, one of the most prestigious titles in body building. So we're talking about a guy that was a top three finisher as the Olympia three years in a row, one of the years being a second place finish. And then shortly after that, winning the second biggest show in body building. So if those facts alone don't make him an uncrown Mr. Olympia, I don't know what does. So let's jump back to the 1997 Mr. Olympia first second because I feel like this is the particular Olympia that made him the uncrown Mr. Olympia of the 90s. At this particular Olympia, Dorian Yates was significantly off. He had a big waist. He had a torn up left bicep, a freshly torn left triceps and apparently two quad tears. And then you had a near perfect Nasser else in body placing second to Dorian Yates with a better waist obviously, much better biceps, much better arms overall. And I would argue you had significantly better conditioning than Dorian as well. Now according to Nasser in the 1997 Mr. Olympia, there were apparently some judges that even scored Dorian Yates and third and even fourth place. There were 13 official judges, but only seven scores were used. And those judges that judge him very lowly, their scores were actually thrown out and then they were removed from the judging panel. Because according to Nasser, that was not the result that was expected for them to produce Dorian was supposed to be the winner and that's why those scores were thrown out again according to Nasser. And this is something that I don't really think is that far fetch because Nasser did look pretty superior to Dorian Yates and I would argue that Dorian Yates probably is worse that he's looked on stage. So Nasser and many other bodybuilding fans believe Nasser was robbed. And the reason for this, the political reason you would say, will be the fact that Nasser was so outspoken and he did not brown nose with the IFB. He would say what's on his mind, he would talk openly about drugs, whether it be Simphal, you know, steroids, growth hormone, whatever it was, Nasser was very, very open about all this. I mean, it's very, very opinionated guy, oftentimes saying things that were not very flattering to the IFB or flattering to bodybuilding in general. I mean, for that reason, he believes he was robbed in 1997 and the powers that be simply did not want him to win. So Nasser's next opportunity to win the Mr. Olympia would be the following year in 1998. Now unfortunately for Nasser, this was the year that Ronnie Coleman came out of almost nowhere to win that Olympia for the first time and then begin the era of Ronnie Coleman. So in 1997, the Olympia that we're talking about of Dorian versus Nasser, Ronnie Coleman wasn't even really on the radar as being a potential Mr. Olympia winner. Ronnie Coleman plays ninth at the 1997 Mr. Olympia and would then move up eight places in one year to win the 1998 Mr. Olympia. Then after Ronnie won as we all know, this is one of the most dominant, if not the most dominant reigns of a Mr. Olympia champion of all time. And at that point, Nasser also embodies chances of becoming Mr. Olympia would be squashed by Ronnie Coleman. So after placing third at the 1998 Olympia to Ronnie Coleman and then flex Wheeler in second, Nasser's placing that the Olympia would slowly drop the following year in 1999 to six place. Then all the way to his final Olympia appearance in 2002, where he would place 15th, then he would do a couple shows in 2004 and 2005, placing 15th and 14th at those shows and really looking way off the mark. That would pretty much be the end of Nasser's career. But even if Nasser had won that 1997 Mr. Olympia, I believe it would have been a one-off Mr. Olympia win. He would have only won one time. Because as we all know in 1998, many people would argue that his one of Ronnie Coleman's best looks ever at the Mr. Olympia. So I think no matter what, Nasser was not destined to win that 1998 Mr. Olympia and from that point forward, the reign of Ronnie Coleman, you can't really argue with that. But I strongly feel that 1997 was Nasser's year. He should have won that Mr. Olympia. I'm curious to know what you guys think. So let me know in the comment section below who you think should have won the 1997 Mr. Olympia. Please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next rank the power. signing out.