Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon of Power. So I thought an interesting topic for you guys would be Vince McMahon's best body builder. Now as many of you guys know, back in the early 90s, Vince McMahon started a body-building federation known as the WBF or World Body-building Federation. I'm going to make several videos on this topic, but I wanted to talk specifically about the body builder that won both years of this competition. So there are only two years of the WBF World Championships, 1991 and 1992, and a body builder by the name of Gary Stridem won both of those competitions. Now the interesting thing about what Vince McMahon did with these body builders and specifically what he did with Gary Stridem was he specifically set out to make these guys into stars and to pay these guys like they were celebrities. So Gary Stridem in particular was making a salary of $400,000 a year, roughly $400,000 a year for a three-year contract. So over a million dollars to be a part of this WBF organization. So to give you guys a little frame of reference, the first place prize at the Mr. Olympia in 1991, which Lee Haney won was $100,000. So that year Gary Stridem who won Vince McMahon's competition, he got four times that amount for winning Vince McMahon's competition and in fact the total prize money for all the body builders competing in the 1991 Mr. Olympia that is first through 10th place. The total was only $250,000. So Gary Stridem was making almost twice what the entire lineup of the top 10 at the Olympia was making in 1991. So Vince McMahon set out with the clear goal of becoming a rival of the IFB and a rival of Joe Weater and he had picked Gary Stridem to be the spearhead of his operation to be, you know, the face of the WBF. Similar to what Joe Weater did back in the day with Arnold Schwarzenegger when Joe Weater came with the scene with the IFBB. He had to compete with Navba, he had to compete with the AAU and he needed a guy WB his main character, his main draw, his main attraction and that guy became Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vince McMahon tried to replicate this with a guy by the name of Gary Stridem. Vince McMahon had his own magazine line, started out as body building lifestyles magazine and it would become WBF magazine and Gary Stridem was on most of the covers of those magazines. Gary Stridem got most of the publicity coming out of the WBF. So let's talk a little bit more about Gary Stridem specifically. So Gary Stridem was actually a pretty tall body builder standing six foot two and wing roughly 280 to 290 pounds on stage. So he was very similar to Arnold in that regard being a very tall body builder. At the time he kind of had that movie star good look quality to him like Arnold had back in the day and this is just the guy where it's easy to see why Vince McMahon would go with a guy like this to be the face of his operation because this guy, you know, he pretty much had it all. I'm in prior to coming into the WBF. Gary Stridem was actually a very impressive body builder in the IFBB. Here's a winner of one of the biggest shows in body building being the Knight of Champions. I mean, he won the Knight of Champions back in 1987. So bear in mind at this time back in 1987 there was no Arnold classic yet. So essentially there was the Mr. Olympia and there was the Knight of Champions and those were basically the two biggest shows in the late 80s before the Arnold classic would come along in 1989. So Gary Stridem would win that second biggest show in body building and that was his pro debut. He had just turned pro by winning the NPC Nationals in 1986. He would come right out of the gate in the win the 1987 Knight of Champions. Now in 1988 his first Olympia appearance ever he would place top five. Now he would go on to win and place very highly at many grand pre-s throughout 1989 all the way up until about 1990. And I think what really surprises a lot of people is after placing the fifth at his first Olympia ever we would not see Gary Stridem back on the Olympia stage. After placing first at the Knight of Champions we would not see him back on the Knight of Champions stage until almost 10 years later in 1996 where he would barely place placing 12th of that show. Now there's really always been a big question of why did he never compete in the Olympia again? Why did he not continue with his IFBB pro career? Why did he not pursue this further? Because this guy really did have an incredible physique. Primarily from the front though his biggest weakness many people would say is lacking density in his back. But from the front he was arguably one of the most complete biggest and freaky his body builders of the 90s period next to a guy like Dorian Yates. I mean some people have even gone as far to say that you know if Gary Stridem had a better back he got a multiple time Mr. Olympia he could have beaten Lehani he could have beaten Dorian Yates. And I'm inclined to believe some of that could actually be true if Gary Stridem had a better back he would have been one of the biggest and most complete body builders that the 90s had ever seen again at 6 foot to nearly 300 pound body builder just a massive frame massive structure density hardness his conditioning was usually very good. I mean this guy really did have it all. So unfortunately history will go to show that the WBF was unsuccessful and it failed after its second competition in 1992. Those WBF World Championships would be the last championships ever held and he really wouldn't hear from Gary Stridem again until 1996. Where he would come back to the IFB do that night of championship and have a pretty bad placing and then another 10 years later he would make a comeback at the age of 47 in 2006 to compete in the Colorado Pro where he placed 7th. Gary Stridem is still alive today at the age of 58 I believe he's currently focusing on personal training. He still looks pretty good honestly at the age of 58. But the fact of the matter was back in the 90s this guy was Vince McMahon's pretty much his secret weapon this was kind of his ace in the hole and this was the guy that Vince McMahon had in mind would take down the IFBB. He thought this would be the future biggest star in body building he invested a ton of money in this guy. There was a lot of controversy going on in the early 90s some of the other body builders said the Gary Stridem wasn't drug tested or he was allowed to pass the drug tests. The WBF did give the gave drug tests in 1992 and a lot of the body builders were saying that Gary Stridem wasn't made to take that test. It was rigged and favored of Gary Stridem because he was Vince's favorite. So stuff like that pretty much all the same stuff that they would say about the relationship of Arnold and Joe Weater back in the day was the relationship between Vince McMahon and Gary Stridem. So Gary Stridem was Vince's vision of the second coming of Arnold Schwarzenegger. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it next time of a power signing out.