Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power up. I'm going to make a video about Wesley Visor. So Wesley Visor is a guy that just turned pro in classic physique. Just a couple days ago now. And Wesley has been on my radar for a while. Ever since winning my 2017 Mr. Golden era competition last year. This guy immediately stood out as having a phenomenal classic physique. So now that he's actually a pro body builder in classic physique, his goal now is to compete at the Mr. Olympia competition in 2018 this year. So the question is can Wesley Visor's not only plays within the top six at the Olympia, but also be Breonnainsley and Chris Bumsted who were one and two. So I do like Breonnainsley. I think he's got a great physique, but overall I think Wesley Visor brings the better physique, especially in the upper body. Now Breonna, I will say the one thing that he probably has over Wesley is his legs. You can't really make any argument about it. Wesley's weak point is certainly his legs and that's the thing that he's going to need to bring up. In order to beat these guys at the Olympia, I do think he's going to be able to do that. But in terms of Wesley's upper body, I think he has one of the best upper bodies. Compared to any of those guys on the classic physique stage, or you look at the, you know, the whiteness of his lats, the arms, the chest. I mean, his upper body is complete in all the places that Breonna and Chris Bumsted are lacking. Wesley, I think, are much more similar than Wesley and Breonna, because Chris Bumsted has a very similar upper body to Wesley. He has a very big chest, very wide lats, and very good delts. And I think Wesley is similar in that regard. But I might even say that Wesley has better delts. Certainly has better arms and Chris Bumsted. I'll say Wesley is like a Chris Bumsted with better arms and but in arms would be Chris Bumsted's, you know, number one weakness. But Chris Bumsted certainly has better legs than Wesley Visor's. So in my opinion, if we see Wesley bring up those legs, he will win the Mr. Olympia Classic physique division, no problem. I think it's almost guaranteed for me at this point to say that he's going to be in the top six at the Olympia. It's not even a question for me that he's going to make it to the Olympia or qualify for the Olympia. So I think, honestly, Wesley is one of the most promising young stars to come into this classic physique division. And again, this is definitely a division, again, it's relatively new. This is definitely a scenario where you can see some younger guy come out of nowhere and place highly or even win the classic physique Olympia. As you guys saw last year, I mean, Chris Bumsted came out of virtually nowhere to place second at that Olympia. The first classic physique Olympia ever, you got Danny Hester when that show and no one had really even heard of Danny Hester at that point. So being completely objective, I think everything about Wesley exemplifies what we should be looking for in a classic physique. That crazy V-Taper, those crazy wide lats, obviously a crazy vacuum pose. And in addition to the vacuum pose, his posing all around is phenomenal. I think that's one of the things that we should definitely be looking for in a future star of classic physique is somebody that knows how to hit the poses. And Wesley, the pictures that I've seen in the videos that I've seen, the way that he's able to hit poses is absolutely phenomenal hands down one of the best poses that I've ever seen. And I've seen a lot of great poses. I would say his two most impressive poses will probably be his crucifix pose, his vacuum pose, and I would even throw in his three-quarter back to bullbice up that he hits similar to Arnold Schwarzenegger's pose. So I just want to help put this guy on the radar because he's from the Netherlands. He just turned pro like I said. So not a lot of people have heard of him. He does have his own YouTube channel, vintage genetics. Quite a few followers on there. I think overall the US bodybuilding scene, I don't think anybody is going to see this guy coming. I think whatever classic physique pro show he chooses to do to qualify for the Olympia, I think he's going to sweep that show and people are going to be blown away by his physique. So I just want to help put this guy's name out there because I think he's going to be the next big thing in classic physique. And honestly, I think he's going to win the classic physique Olympia. If not this year at some point, again, his legs do need to come up. That's my one objective criticism of him. But other than that, this guy has the structure. He has the genetics. He has the posing nailed. He has the conditioning nailed. He has the size nailed. He's got pretty much everything. So can he beat Brian? I think yes. Can he beat Chris Bumsted? I also think yes. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Wesley Visters, his physique, and his chances at the Mr. Olympia Classic physique. Thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Frank and Power signing out.