Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Nine to Power. So this video is going to be about the three biggest mass monster body builders from the 1990s that didn't make an impact on the Mr. Olympia. So that means these were guys that didn't place within the top six and they weren't a threat to the number one spot at the Mr. Olympia or they simply never made it to the Mr. Olympia or never competed in the Mr. Olympia. Now the first bodybuilder on this list is going to be Victor Richards. Now I'm sure a lot of you guys have already heard of Victor Richards. He was a massive bodybuilder from the 1990s that did a guest posing with Dorian Yates. Where many people say that during that guest posing, he is outsized outmustled and just look way better than Dorian Yates. But they never went head to head on the Mr. Olympia stage. So he was arguably one of bodybuildings biggest, what if? So what if this guy had competed in the Mr. Olympia? What if this guy went head to head with Dorian? What if this guy could have won the Mr. Olympia? This was a guy that weighed over 310 pounds or 140 kilograms, which in the 1990s was just simply massive. And this guy wasn't very tall either. He was 5 foot 10 more about 177.5 centimeters tall. So not a super tall guy, just super stacked with muscle. And that's why his nickname was Mr. Big. Because as we know Dorian Yates is considered to be the original mass monster. But when going head to head with Victor Richards, Victor looks significantly bigger, significantly more muscular. And he was just one of the biggest freaks to come out in 1990s. Now not only did Victor Richards not ever compete at the Mr. Olympia, but he never competed as an IFBB pro. Now there is some speculation that he was given a pro card by Joe Weater. But he did not necessarily earn the pro card. It was just the fact that he was so big and massive. Joe Weater wanted him in the IFBB. So he simply gave him a pro card because he wanted him to compete. And Victor Richards never did. The closest thing we ever saw to Victor Richards competing was him versus Dorian Yates at that gas posing in 1994, which I believe was at Fibo. And the really fascinating thing about that posed down that gas posing was that Victor Richards specifically followed Dorian Yates around on stage. As if he knew, he was bigger and better than Dorian. And he wanted to get those comparisons. And he wanted people to see how big he really was even standing next to Mr. Olympia. So Victor Richards competition history consists of only five shows. The 1982 American Cup where he plays second, the 1983 teen Los Angeles, which he won. The 1984 California Gold Cup Classic, which he won, the 1989 Mr. Barbados, which he won and the 1992 Nigerian Championships, which he also won. So he was just a guy that was passionate about bodybuilding and built a definite IFBB pro caliber physique and just chose not to compete. He just enjoyed bodybuilding, didn't necessarily enjoy competing. Now Victor is a perfect example of a guy that had insane genetics for bodybuilding. When he won that teen Los Angeles competition at the age of 18, he already weighed 240 pounds. And one year later at the age of 19 where he won that California show, he was 245. And by the time he was doing these gas posings, he was over 300 pounds. Now the rumor is that Victor Richards actually had arms that measured over 26 inches. But I don't know how much legitimacy there is to that claim because of 26 inch arm. I mean, even at his biggest, I mean, that's one of the biggest arms in the history of bodybuilding. I'm excluding the use of like a sight and handsman oil. But that is the claim that his arms are at 1.26 inches and that his thighs were at 1.1 in excess of 35 inches. So Victor Richards and my opinions probably wanted the biggest bodybuilders to not make an impact on the Mr. Olympia stage. Now next on the list, we have a bodybuilder named Greg Covax. So Greg Covax was arguably the biggest bodybuilder of the 1990s. And it's height had a lot to do with that. He was six foot four inches tall with an off-season weight claiming to be an excess of 420 pounds and a contest weight claiming to be an excess of 330 pounds on stage. Now not only did Greg Covax not make an impact on the Mr. Olympia, he never even made it to the Mr. Olympia. But he was one step ahead of Victor Richards in the fact that he was an IFBB pro and he did compete four times as an IFBB pro. So he turned pro in 1996 by winning the NPC Canadian Nationals. And then after that he would compete in the 1997 night of champions where he would play 16th, the 1998 Iron Man where he would also play 16th. Then in 2001 he would do the night of champions and not even place. And in 2003 he would be 13th at the Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio. So Greg Covax is a perfect example of bigger not being better. This guy was arguably one of the biggest bodybuilders of all time. Again his height played a large factor in that. But in addition to his height he did carry an extreme amount of muscle mass on stage. But as you would see towards the end of his career that muscle mass was starting to become very disproportionate and become one of the earliest signs that we'd seen of Pellumbuism where the gut really maintained a pretty significant amount of size and his limbs and extremities seem to shrink. His arms didn't look that good as legs, they didn't look that good. But as midsection was still huge towards the end of his career. Now unfortunately Greg Covax passed away in 2013 at the age of 44 years old. So that would be the end of Greg Covax's bodybuilding career and the cause of death was heart failure. Now finally on this list we have Lou for Ignore. Now obviously Lou for Ignore in the 70s was certainly a top threat to the Mr. Olympia title as we saw in Pumping Iron. And in the 1990s when Lou for Ignore made his comeback while he was very impressive, the main point was he was very, very big. So in 1992 Lou for Ignore made his comeback to the Olympia stage and he placed 12th in 1992 Dorian Yates will be winning that year. But Lou for Ignore was absolutely huge on the Olympia stage that year. He was massive. Now again his height did have a lot to do with that. He was significantly over six foot tall somewhere between six foot three and six foot five depending on where you get your information. But at his 1992 comeback he weighed 315 pounds or 143 kilograms on stage and some reports even say that throughout the course of his comeback as he continued to train. He would get up to his heaviest 340 pounds, not necessarily on stage but just in training. So this guy was massive in the 90s much bigger than he was back in the 70s. Now unfortunately his comeback wouldn't have much of an impact on the Mr. Olympia stage and he certainly wasn't a threat to the top six or even the Mr. Olympia title. In 1992 he would place 12th in a 1993 he would place 10th and he would continue to compete one more time in 1994 to take second place at the Master's Mr. Olympia competition. Now one last body built I wanted to add to this list kind of as an honorable mention would be Marcus Rulner. Marcus Rulner did actually place highly at several Olympias but that wouldn't be until the early 2000s although he did compete as a pro in the 1990s specifically in 1999. So he was one of the biggest freakyest guys that we had ever seen hit the Olympia stage and he competed in his first Mr. Olympia in 1999 where he was disqualified. So technically he is a mass monster from the 1990s that didn't make an impact on the Olympia in the 1990s but later on in the early 2000s he would placing within the top 5 at the 2004 Mr. Olympia and placing within the top 10 actually several times at the Mr. Olympia. Also winning major shows like the 2002 Night of Champions. That's the video guys I hope you enjoyed it. Please give the video a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next drink and power signing out.