Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power and I wanted to make another wrestling themed video specifically about the wrestler Bruno Sam Artino because unfortunately just last week he passed away at the age of 82 years old. Now not only was Bruno Sam Artino a legendary wrestler but he was also a very very strong power lifter. In fact he set a legitimate bench press record back in 1959 and I'm not talking about a fake record that was made up for his wrestling character something that was kind of invented to make him seem stronger back in 1959 he set a legitimate world record and he was the first man to bench over 500 pounds. So before Bruno in the early 1950s those a guy named Doug Hepburn who is the first man to bench press 450 and then 500 pounds and that a couple years later in 1959 Bruno Sam Artino would become the first man ever to press 565 pounds. So not only did he break and set a world record he beat the previous record by 65 pounds that is a massive leap from one record to another. In fact it gave you guys some perspective of how big of a jump 65 pounds is from one record to another all the bench press world records going back to 1996 and this is raw bench presses. So from 96 to 2018 they have all been in the low 700 so in 1996 the bench press record was 705 pounds and now currently in 2018 the current record is 739 pounds. So in 22 years the raw bench press record has only increased roughly 34 pounds. So for Bruno Sam Artino to shatter that record like he did especially back in the 1950s I mean a 565 bench back then was just an insanely impressive feat of strength. In back when he completed that bench press he was actually relatively small compared to the size that he would be as a pro wrestler he's about 6 foot tall or a little bit under weighing about 260 pounds and it was this initial bench press record that would catch the attention of Vince McMahon senior and originally you know the reason he brought Bruno Sam Artino over into his wrestling organization. So that big bench press would essentially be the start of Bruno Sam Artino's career. So back in the late 50s early 60s after he set that bench press record that would be where Bruno Sam Artino started his career with the WWF and that was the worldwide wrestling federation which would later become the WWF the world wrestling federation which of course would later become the WWE world wrestling entertainment. Now Bruno Sam Artino also had one of the longest-raining title reigns in wrestling history lasting nearly eight years when he won his first WWWF World Heavyweight Championship so seven years eight months and one day to be exact and then his second title run with the WWWF would last almost three years and five months. So if you guys didn't realize how iconic of a wrestler Bruno Sam Artino was his title run all together in the WWF with last over 10 years if you combine the two title reigns and then later on in his career he would come back to the WWF in 1984 and that would last till about 1988. I'm when during that time he would win the intercontinental heavyweight championship and he would also appear at WrestleMania. Now another interesting thing about Bruno Sam Artino's pro wrestling careers he is one of the very few wrestlers to have a match with somebody where the other person actually died likely as a result of that match. So Bruno Sam Artino in 1961 had a match with a wrestler named Chick Garibaldi. I'm enduring that match Bruno Sam Artino body slam Chick Garibaldi to the canvas and he did not get back up and the referee came over, stopped the match and determined that Chick Garibaldi was dead on the spot. The cause of death will later be determined as a heart attack and then this photo right here is a pretty interesting photo that I came across. So in this photo he's signing an autograph for a woman named Kathy Seagull and for those of you that don't know she was actually a female body builder that would go on to win the Miss International Competition in 1987 which is one of the biggest competitions in female body building and she actually had a very impressive physique during her body building career. Bruno Sam Artino not only inspired tons of people to become wrestlers but it also inspired tons of people to start working out and be strong because he was widely regarded as one of the most powerful pro wrestlers of all time. I'm an a lot of people were inspired just by his sheer strength. So I just wanted to make this video because unfortunately he recently passed away. I was planning on making a video about him for a long time but I felt that timing was right for this video in light of last week's event. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next time you're in power signing out.