Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's We're Next Time The Power. So in this video I want to talk about the German giant Guntur Schleer camp. So specifically, I want to talk about the 2002 show of strength competition. We're Guntur made bodybuilding history by defeating a reigning Mr. Olympia outside of the Olympia competition. So at the time Ronnie Coleman was a five-time Mr. Olympia champion in 2002. And back then, a Mr. Olympia had not been beaten outside of the Olympia competition since the time that Arnold beat Sergio Alive back in 1970 at the Mr. World Competition. So in 32 years, a Mr. Olympia had not been defeated outside of the Olympia competition. I mean, it had been all the way since Samir Benut was defeated for the Olympia title by Le Haney that a Mr. Olympia had lost in an Olympia competition. Because if you guys remember Le Haney you reigned for eight straight years and he was never defeated during his Olympia reign. He retired after eight. Then after Le Haney, you'd have the six-year reign of Dorian Yates. Again Dorian Yates was not defeated during his Olympia reign. He had retired after six. Then you would have Ronnie Coleman, Ronnie Coleman at the time would have a five-year reign. He would not be defeated during those five years. So we're talking about a time in body building history where being the Mr. Olympia essentially gave you kind of like a God status in these body building competitions. Mr. Olympia just simply wasn't beaten on the Olympia stage or off the Olympia stage, especially during a period where the reigning Mr. Olympia for a multiple-year span. Now back to the 2002 show of strength. So Guntar actually was a very impressive body builder standing six foot one and nearly 300 pounds on stage and 330 in the off season. So even though Ronnie Coleman was a mass monster himself, a guy with the size and frame and structure that Guntar had could stand next to Ronnie and still look very favorable. Now one of the things that makes this decision even more fascinating is that the 2002 Olympia was held just weeks prior to this 2002 show of strength competition. Now the note worthy thing about the 2002 Mr. Olympia competition is that many people felt Guntar deserved a much higher placing at the 2002 Olympia. Now he placed fifth in 2002 and the audience was not happy about that decision. Apparently they were booing and some people that were there said this is the loudest they had ever heard of body building audience boo at a body building show when they announced Guntar's Lear Camp in fifth place because he did actually look really good in 2002. I wouldn't say he deserved to win the 2002 Mr. Olympia but he did look amazing and I think fifth place was kind of an insult for the physique that he brought in 2002. Now he placed behind Ronnie Coleman that got first place Kevin Lebronny that got second Chris Kormirilla that got third Dexter Jackson in fourth and then he had Guntar in fifth place but he did beat some incredible body builders in 2002. He beat Leapree's who got sixth flex wheeler who got seventh Marcus rule who got eighth and Dennis James who got tenth and then amongst the people that placed outside of the top 10 yet guys like Craig Tietus, Nassuril, some body, Darum Charles, Bob Chiccarolo, George Ferra, Gustavo Badell. So you had some incredible body builders in that 2002 Olympia lineup. So the fact that Guntar placed top five out of about 25 competitors total says a lot about how good he looked at year and then I think the fact that just a couple weeks after the Olympia he would be the reigning defending Mr. Olympia Ronnie Coleman just really kind of fed the conspiracy theorist more reason to be pissed off about the fact that he placed fifth at the Olympia that year. So many people feel that 2002 was the highest point of Guntar Sler camps career. Some people say he looked his best at the Olympia. Some people say he looked best at his 2002 show of strength but regardless of which of those two shows he looked the best, he really can't make the argument that 2002 certainly it was his year and the crazy thing about the show of strength is not only did he out condition Ronnie Coleman but he outmustled him as well weighing over 300 pounds on stage and granted his height played a factor in that but still outmustling Ronnie Coleman is a very impressive feat and then to outmustle him and out condition him is doubly impressive. Now in 2003 Guntar would duplicate his fifth place placing at the Olympia but this time around Ronnie Coleman came correct it's like he had a wake up call from the previous year and in 2003 we saw one of the biggest and freakyest versions we had ever seen of Ronnie Coleman and it was a completely different story when you had Ronnie versus Guntar in 2003 compared to Ronnie versus Guntar in 2002. The Guntar actually hung in there for a couple more years as they top six finisher actually in 2004 he placed six and 2005 he actually moved all the way up to fourth place but then he would finish out on his competitive career in 2006 where they tenth place Olympia finished and the point to that is even though a lot of people feel like he peaked in 2002 he didn't fall off after 2002 he started to actually improve his Olympia placing they had to replicate his Olympia placing and he wouldn't fall off until 2006 but the fact that he even improved upon that up until 2005 just goes to show how impressive of a body builder he really was. So Guntar Sler camp will go down as one of the few men in history to defeat a reigning mr Olympia outside of the mr Olympia competition and it just so happened to be Ronnie Coleman one of the greatest mr Olympias of all time. So thank you guys for watching the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next drink from power signing out