Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So if they want to make a video about an old school body builder by the name of Harold Pool, now Harold Pool is a very interesting body builder for a number of reasons. Number one being the fact that he was the first African American IFB, Mr. American winner. And that was a big deal back in the day because he won that Mr. America back in 1964. And obviously that was over 50 years ago now. So racism back then was a little bit worse than it is now. Probably a lot worse than it is now. I'm back then the body building scene in the 50s and 60s was really pretty much dominated by white winners of these competitions. So Harold Pool was the first guy to kind of break that mold. So that was a very historic moment in body building history. But another thing that's very historic about Harold Pool is that Harold Pool was the first ever runner up at the Mr. Olympia competition. Obviously in 1965 being the first Mr. Olympia ever, he took runner up to Larry Scott. In 1966 he became runner up for the second time again to Larry Scott. In 1966 he also beat Sergio Aliva who took third in 66. And then the following year in 1967 he would compete in the Mr. Olympia competition again being beaten by Sergio Aliva and Chuck Sipes taking third at the 67 Olympia. So he's the only man to have competed in all three of the first three Mr. Olympias. In bear in mind that at that time being a two-time runner up at the Mr. Olympia that was a new record especially two consecutive years. The next guy that would be runner up two times at the Olympia would be Sergio Aliva. But it wouldn't be two consecutive years. It would be in 1970 and also in 1972 because Sergio Aliva was banned from competing at the 1971 Mr. Olympia. So I believe the next person to get two consecutive second place finishes two years in a row would be Muhammad McCaway in the 80s during the reign of Lee Haney. So make no mistake about it. Heropul was one of the best body builders to come out of the 1960s era of body building. During that period winning the title of Mr. America, the title of IAPV Mr. Universe, then in 1971 winning the title of IAPV Mr. USA. So this guy three-time runner up at the Mr. Olympia and then all three of the other biggest titles in body building, the University of America, the USA's, one, all of those as well. And then he would continue competing all the way up until 1982 where he placed ninth at the IAPV World Pro Championships. And then in 2004 he was inducted in the IAPV Hall of Fame. Now all of those major titles that I mentioned up until that point were titles that Heropul won during the prime of his body building career. But the interesting thing about Heropul is that as a teenager, he was arguably one of the best teen body builders of all time. In 1961, placing fourth at the Mr. America at the age of 17, and at that time the Mr. America was one of the biggest titles in body building next to the Mr. Universe. Obviously the Mr. Olympia wouldn't be around for another five years. So at the age of 17, placing fourth to some of the best grown man body builders in the sport was very impressive. So at the age of 18, Heropul was about 200 pounds on stage and five foot 10. He would win four titles that year at the age of 18. He would win the Mr. North America, the Mr. Chicago Park District, the Mr. Tri State, and the Mr. Northern Indiana. And then right before he graduated high school in 1962, he would compete in the Mr. America again as a high schooler taking second at the Mr. America and winning the most muscular award at the Mr. America. So three months after graduating high school, would be when he won that Mr. Universe title that I mentioned earlier. So another interesting thing here is that Mr. Universe that he won in 1963. He was 19 years old and he beat Larry Scott. So Larry Scott was the guy that would beat him at the Olympian when the first Olympia ever in 1965. But as a teenager, Heropul had beaten him. So that was a very interesting thing. And again, goes to speak to how great of a body builder Heropul really was for that era. So as I mentioned before, he was the first African American ever to hold the title of the IPPB, Mr. America. And when he won that title, he was 20 years old. So by the age of 20, he had already won at the Mr. America and the Mr. Universe as well as four other titles before ever even competing in the Mr. Olympia. And I would say as far as his physique goes, the probably most standout body part that he had was probably his arms. I mean, his arm development was insane for that period of time. It's particularly his biceps. Now obviously it would turn out that there would be no match for the arms of Larry Scott. But still, for that period of time, this guy had incredible arms. And unfortunately, Heropul passed away back in 2014 about four years ago now. So he's no longer with us and I wanted to make a video kind of dedicated to him. I think I mentioned him briefly way back when I had maybe 20,000 subscribers, but I wanted to make a video. I'm going into full detail about his bodybuilding career because he was really an incredible bodybuilder for that era. So please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.