Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Schennenpower, so in this video I want to draw some parallels between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Wesley Visters. If you don't know who Wesley Visters is, he's a classic physique body builder that recently turned pro in the IFBB. Just this past weekend he won his pro debut at the Chicago Pro qualifying him for the 2018 Classic Physic Minister Olympia. Now a lot of people like to compare Wesley's physique and his structure to the structure and physique of Arnold Schwarzenegger, but I think there's more parallels that can be drawn between Arnold and Wesley besides simply their physique and their posing. Now it is true that Wesley and Arnold do have very similar posing and very similar physique. If you look at this particular pose that was posted up on Instagram, I believe by Wesley himself, it's a side by side comparison of him and Arnold both hitting this kind of variation of the side chest. Now it's kind of a mix between the mantis pose and a side chest shot. I mean you got to admit they do look very, very comparable. Arnold does have a few stronger points in Wesley. Obviously Arnold has a better chest. Arnold has better biceps, but overall the structure and the way they hit the poses is extremely similar. But let's talk about some of the other similarities that Arnold and Wesley both have. So Arnold and Wesley are both immigrants, so it took them both a while to be able to come over to the US and compete in the IFBB. Obviously Arnold competed in the mid to late 60s winning several mystery universe titles during that time, but he wouldn't come over to compete in the Mr. Olympia until 1969, which was four years after the Mr. Olympia was started in 1965. Now as you know, the classic physique division at the Mr. Olympia just started back in 2016 and was won by Danny Hester, the following year in 2017 it was won by Breon Ainsley. So the 2018 classic physique Olympia that Wesley will be competing in is only the third classic physique Olympia ever. So both Wesley and Arnold kind of got in during the early era of their respective competitions Arnold got in the first you know, five years of the Mr. Olympia and Wesley is getting in the first three years of the Mr. Olympia classic physique. And again they both came from other countries to do so. Now another thing that I think the two of them have in common is that early on in Arnold's horse and<|zh|>'s career, he focused heavily on coming in big and full and around and he struggled in the early years, really trying to nail down that conditioning to where it needed to be. I'm trying to figure out kind of that sweet spot of being ripped but not too flat. And I think that was one of the main criticisms of Wesley at his Chicago Pro Day view was that his conditioning was a little bit off. So I think Wesley is still trying to figure out that sweet spot for classic physique. And really trying to figure out what kind of conditioning is going to work best for his physique in this classic physique division. Now another criticism of Arnold that I think Wesley also gets a lot is the size of his legs. Arnold always got criticized for having smaller legs in his upper body. I think that's one of the things that Wesley is constantly getting criticized for as well. But on the other hand, I think that's also one of the things that makes them have very similar physique. I mean when they hit the side pose that side chest mantis pose, the legs look almost identical in that pose. It's the upper body that Arnold has the advantage over Wesley. And I think the final comparison would be Wesley is probably not going to win his first Mr. Olympia shot. You got guys like Brion. You got guys like Chris Bumstead. You got guys like a Rod for Bar that are probably going to end up beating Wesley at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Now personally the comparison that I want to see is Wesley versus Chris Bumstead because there's been some back and forth between the two of them on social media. So I can't wait to see that comparison to see how they look on stage next to each other. You can draw all the comparisons you want looking at photos. But we won't really know for sure until they're on stage next to each other. I mean these are two both very tall guys. They both have great structure. They both have a great physique for the classic physique division. No matter which guy you prefer, I think it's going to be a great comparison to see them on stage. So I think this is why a lot of people are so excited about Wesley of Visitors. He does have like a standout physique. He's a much taller guy than most of the other competitors. His physique really stands out on stage. It really kind of screams classic physique. In a lot of bodybuilding fans do see him as like the second coming of Arnold because there are so many similarities between both his physique and Arnold's career. That this could be an exciting thing for bodybuilding fans if Wesley is able to come in and figure out exactly what he needs to do for his physique to fit perfectly in that classic physique division. Make the improvements he needs to make. I'm going to start dominating in classic physique. I think people would be very excited to see that. And I do think there are many improvements he needs to make. But when he does make those improvements and come into his own, I think he could be a threat to winning the Mr. Olympia. And he could win the Mr. Olympia multiple times. But only time will tell. Personally, I think 2018 is Chris Bumsteadgeer. I think Chris Bumstead is going to win this 2018 Mr. Olympia. That's my prediction for the classic physique Olympia in 2018. I think Bumstead has an amazing physique. I think he's exactly where he needs to be in terms of knowing what his conditioning needs to look like. What his body needs to look like. What his weak points are. His back and his arms. He's been bringing both of those up. And I think 2018 will probably be Bumsteadgeer. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the comparisons between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Wesley Visters. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Triven Power signing out.