Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Next Time Empower. So I've got a pretty good body building history video for you guys today. So in this video we're going to throw it all the way back to the 1800s and talk about a guy by the name of George Hackensmith. So you talk about guys like Eugene Sandow that were true pioneers in body building. Now George Hackensmith was a true pioneer of strength sports, and particularly some of the exercises that we heavily utilize today, including the bench press and the Hack squat. So obviously the Hack squat named after Hackensmith. So the Hack squat as many of you may or may not know, it kind of looks like a variation of the deadlift where you have the bar placed behind your hamstrings and you're lifting it off the ground. And this was really first patented by George Hackensmith. Now another interesting thing about George Hackensmith is you was one of the earliest professional wrestlers, wrestling in a total of over 3000 professional wrestling matches and claiming he won every single one of them. Now another interesting fact here is George Hackensmith says in his book The Way to Live that he actually devised the word Hack squat from his own last name, the first part of it, the word Hack, which apparently originally came from and meant heel. So in the Hack squat, obviously the bar is starting at your heel. So that is where the name Hack squat came from. And there's also a speculation for you wrestling fans out there. You know the bad guy in pro wrestling is known as the heel and the good guy is known as the baby face. So some people say that the whole origin of heel meaning bad guy and professional wrestling actually came from George Hackensmith being a professional wrestler. Now probably the more well known lift that George Hackensmith is associated with beginning is the bench press. So some people might argue that there were rough versions of a bench press dating back to the Greco Roman times, which was really more kind of weighted pushups and focusing on chest exercises. But George Hackensmith was the first person to lay down with a barbell and press it over his chest. And it actually started out as a floor press. So he didn't lay on a bench. He laid flat on the floor and I'm going to press a barbell and he actually pressed 350 pounds the first time that he ever did that. And that's what really kick started the popularity of the bench press becoming what it is today. I'm there with obviously evolved to not just pressing from the floor but develop benches to bench press. And that's where the bench press movement really started with a George Hackensmith. Now naturally being a pioneer of the body building and you know really more powerlifting in the world over the course of his career. He set a lot of world records at the time and certain lifts. Most of the time being very obscure lifts including a 243 pound overhead press. Which he would actually improve upon and eventually overhead press 275 pounds, which again, we're talking about 1898 when he did this. So at the time that is a very impressive feat of strength. Now earlier in this video, I mentioned Eugene Sandow, who obviously is credited as holding the first ever body building competition. And he's also the man featured on the Mr. Olympia trophy, the Sandow trophy. Now the reason that's relevant is not only were they both pioneers of strength sports and body building, but they both competed around the same era. So as far as Feets of Strength go, Eugene Sandow was probably most well known for his one-handed overhead press. Now Eugene Sandow's record was 116 kilograms, one-handed press, which is the equivalent of about 225 pounds, and George Hackensman actually beat this record in 1899, where they 268.91 handed overhead press, or about 122 kilograms. So not only was Hackensman an innovator in terms of all these different movements that we still used today, and also a pretty impressive pro wrestler. But for that era, this guy was insanely strong. In fact, he was world record strong in most of his lifts. In fact, when he invented a hack squat, that became a world record. Number one, because it was the first hack squat. Number two, it was 187 pounds behind his back with bent knees. The first ever hack squat, that was a world record as well. And he would go on to claim multiple world records and various different lifts. A lot of obscure different things. But overall, this guy was a legend of Strength Sports. And even though this guy was competing and setting many of these world records back in the 1800s, he actually lived an extremely long life, and actually didn't pass away until 1968 at the age of 90 years old. I thought this would be a fascinating topic for a video. Number one, because this guy is an absolute legend. In number two, because this guy invented the bench press, man. I mean, this is a major milestone in Strength Sports history and bodybuilding history. Just in physical culture history, in general, the bench press is probably the most well-known of all the lifts. Typically, if you're a big muscular guy and you got in public and someone comes up to you, what is the question they're most likely to ask you? How much you bench? So George Hackensmith is the reason for that. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give a thumbs up if you did enjoy it, an strength and power signing out.