Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I want to talk about this kind of young up-and-coming 212 body butter by the name of Derek Lunsford. Now this is a guy that I've seen a ton of hype for on social media. I've seen his pictures all over the place. Honestly he does have a tremendous physique for the 212 division. A lot of people are saying he's like the next flex Lewis after flexure tires. He's going to take it to crown, etc. etc. And as we've been getting closer and closer to the Mr. Olympia, the pictures and videos that he's been putting out. He's looking better and better so I think it's about time that we start talking about this guy. As a potential threat to that top 3 spot at the Mr. Olympia in the 212 division. So last year at the 2017 Mr. Olympia, Derek Lunsford came in fifth place. Now Derek is actually a pretty young bodybuilder and he made his protebion in 2017. I think he's actually the exact same age as me 25. So he made his protebion at the IIPB Tampa Pro in the 212 division where he won that show. Immediately qualifying him for the Mr. Olympia. Then it has a Olympia debut in 2017. He took fifth place right off the bat. So this is a guy who previously wasn't really on the radar really in the conversation for a top 212 spot. And now his prep for the 2018 Mr. Olympia, he's posting these incredible updates. Where he just looks huge. I mean he looks crazy dense, crazy hard. I mean his conditioning is certainly on point. I mean one of the very strong points that I think he has going for him is while he does have all this mass on his upper body. He has a very very small way. He has a very great taper to his physique while carrying this incredible mass, specifically in his back. Now it is worth pointing out here that in 2017, it's not like he was a small guy on the 212 stage. I mean he was pretty comparable to how he looks now from a size standpoint. So back in 2017 he was still this big guy and he still only took fifth place. So it's just really a matter of back then. Not a lot of people knew who he was to really hype him up going into the 2017 Mr. Olympia. Whereas now he's on the map a little bit more and more people are talking about him. So from a size standpoint he's not like crazy bigger than he was last year, but he has made some market improvements to his physique. His legs look significantly better from the you know from the photos that I've seen so far. His back I mean it looks absolutely insane. I've seen some training videos of him training with Ben Pockowski. It's back is just it's crazy. And specifically one of the main reasons why I was inspired to make a video about this guy is because at just under eight weeks out he released a bunch of progress photos. The front back and the side. Those photos he actually did look very impressive. I mean the conditioning seems to be there. The back shots like I said crazy. Just crazy size and density in the back. You can already see clear detail coming in in the legs specifically the glutes and the hamstrings. You can already see crazy vascularity in the legs. The only knock that I would really have on this guy is the size of his calves. I'd be the one thing that I noticed. As his legs are starting to come up more. The calves haven't really seem to catch up with the upper leg. Which is the same problem that we tend to see with big ramen. I mean big ramen he's got all this crazy size and his upper legs and his upper body. But the calves don't match and that tends to be something that will throw off the physique. You can have the craziest biggest legs in the world but if your calves don't match it's going to give a weird look to the physique. So overall I am very excited to see where Derek places at the 2018 Mr. Olympia. And I do think he's a threat to that top three. But overall I think Flex Lewis is going to win this final Olympia appearance. And we're probably not going to see a new champion in 2018. But we could see a guy like Derek pushing those top two guys. It's certainly a possibility. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. About this up and coming to 12 bodybuilder. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time from Power signing out.