Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shum and Power. So I'm going to make a video about the first body builder slash power lifter that we have a really saw as being a clear example of synth all use. So synth all as many of you guys already know is kind of a sight enhancement oil used to volume eyes or kind of pump up the muscle and also in theory stimulate muscle growth. And probably the most popular injection site for synth all is going to be the arms or the biceps. So synth all wasn't invented until the mid 90s by someone by the name of Chris Clark. And honestly I don't really think we saw it show up in mainstream body building until the late 90s. But I think one of the most clear examples of someone that was using synth all or some sort of sight enhancement oil was a strong man competitor by the name of manford Hobro who in 1994 had the largest arms in the world. His arms were measured at the 1994 Arnold Classic at 25.75 inches or 654 millimeters without a pump. So again this was right around the time that synth all was invented. If not a little bit before and certainly before it became popular amongst mainstream body builders. And there are even photos going back to 1991, 1992 where you can see photos of manford competing in strong man where his arms kind of have that distorted and warped appearance to them where there's a clear sign that something weird is going on such a sight enhancement oil. So the fascinating thing about manford Hobro is that even though these kind of a sight enhanced oil type of drugs are a very vain superficial drug that just enhances the appearance of the muscle, manford Hobro was actually extremely strong. In fact he was a runner up at the 1994 World Strongest Man, which was the same year he had the largest arms in the world. He is also a seven-time Austria-Strongest Man in a two-time Europe Strongest Man. And that same year in 1994 in addition to the world strongest man runner up he won another strong man competition which was called the strongest man on earth. Again the same year that he had those 25 and 3 quarters and charms. Now during the peak of his competitive career manford was 6 foot 3 and only around 300 pounds. Now I say only because strong man competitors are typically a lot heavier than that. But manford was always relatively lean and always had a pretty good physique. He was never really a big fat guy. He always had a pretty lean physique as far as strong man competitors go. Now I've actually seen some speculation that manford did not use synth on. The argument that he didn't was because he wasn't fact so strong and they go on to say why would someone that strong and have that much arm strength. Why would they need to use synth on which only enhances the look of the muscle. But in my opinion and I'm sure a lot of you guys would agree with me on this just looking at any photo of his arm you can tell that something is clearly not natural about the shape of the arm, about the look of the arm. And of course you got a factor in the overall size having the largest arms in the world as of 1994. So in my opinion there's definitely some sight and handsman oil going on in those arms. And again this is one of the first cases if not the first case that we ever saw of some clear sight enhancement oil in the arms. This was something that we hadn't really seen before going up to 1994. I mean think about the Mr. Olympia competitions leading up to that point. I mean Dorian Yates, yeah Lee Haney raining for eight years. I'm think about all the guys that went up against Dorian and Lee Haney. There was no one that was really a clear example of any type of sight enhancement use all throughout the 80s. And I would say even up until the late 90s there was a couple guys that started the looks as vicious in the later 90s early 2000s. But I would say as far as the body building scene is concerned this was something that was not seen at all up until 1994 until we saw manford horrible. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.