Alright, what's going on you guys? Newt here with Nick's on the Power. So probably one of the most requested topics after the 2018 New York Pro was for me to make a video on Raphael Brandel placing sixth. So I definitely listened to your guys' feedback and I definitely pay attention to your comments. I've been seeing this comment over and over again. That Raphael got overlooked. So I went back and I looked at some of the HD videos and pictures from the show. So to look at Raphael's physique again because I think I overlooked him as well. Now just based on the callouts they always had Raphael towards the end and he was never really in the middle and for that reason my attention was mostly focused on the inner four guys which obviously you had Juan Morel and Nathan Deasht at Dead Center basically those two were the two favorites to win and Nathan Deasht would end up winning and of course you had Josh Wade and Justin Rodriguez and third and fourth. So those were the main guys I was looking at and Raphael Brando number one the fact that he wasn't really a big name in this show compared to some of the other guys and he wasn't really a well-known guy compared to some of the other guys combined with the fact that again he was really on the outside of these callouts. He didn't really have too much of my attention but after looking back at the photos I do agree with a lot of the fan comments that I've seen on my videos. Raphael Brando I do think he was possibly overlooked at this show. Now Raphael is a Brazilian body builder and obviously there is a tremendous fan base in Brazil for body building. And I see a lot of comments from Brazilian fans and I definitely respect those comments and I definitely want to make a video about this because people seem to feel very strongly that he did deserve a higher placing. And after looking back at the photos I tend to agree with this myself. So Raphael Brando I really wasn't a question of size. It was really a question of being very aesthetic, having a small waste. I'm in having conditioning that in many regards was superior to many of the other body builders on stage. One of the biggest criticisms of the 2018 New York Pro lineup has been that the conditioning was subpar and amongst the lineup of guys that seem to have subpar conditioning, Raphael Brando did have very impressive conditioning. And it was also a matter of structure. Like I said a lot of these guys had a little bit bigger waste than they probably should have. And Raphael had a very tapered waste, very tapered and aesthetic physique. I think placing sixth was a mistake. I'm merely because the guy that took fifth was John Delorosa in my opinion out of the top six guys. And this isn't a personal knock on John Delorosa. But I do feel the out of the top six guys. John had probably the worst conditioning out of anyone in the top six. And I think for that reason I think him and Raphael should have switched placings. But I think there could have been politics that played into this. Again, John Delorosa is from New York. This was held in New York. John Delorosa is a very well-known bodybuilder. He's very well-publicized. Raphael Brando is not. So I do think Raphael should have been fifth. But the argument that he should have won the show, I don't necessarily agree with. I mean, he did have good structure, very good conditioning. But I don't think he had the size yet to compete with a guy like Nathan Deasha or a guy like one, Monroe. And size certainly isn't everything in bodybuilding. But it is a lot. It does count for a lot. When you have a guy with the freakingest in the size of Nathan Deasha, even though a lot of people would say his conditioning was a little bit off. A guy like Nathan Deasha is going to rightfully beat a guy like Raphael Brando. Unless Nathan Deasha comes in completely off, which I don't think he did. I will agree that conditioning was less than it should have been. But I don't think you can say that he was off. I mean, Nathan Deasha was on for the show. Compared to previous versions of Nathan Deasha, I think he looked very good. I think he deserved the win. And overall, it was a fair win. And I think you could even make an argument for Raphael placing his highest fourth and beating a guy like Josh Wade, who I don't think has as good of a structure as a guy like Raphael. And Josh Wade did have very good conditioning. And I think that's a big factor on why he placed top four. But I do certainly think it's possible that Raphael was one of the most overlooked guys in this New York pro lineup. And we could have seen him much higher. So I do agree with you guys. I agree with the fans on this. Raphael was overlooked. And it certainly does weren't making a video on this. So let me know in the comment section below any other video ideas or any video topics that you guys want me to cover. I'll be happy to look into those and I'll be happy to make videos that you guys request. Because I want you guys to keep in mind, you guys the fans are what keeps this channel going. I make content that you guys request that you guys want to see. So if there's something that you want me to cover, make sure you comment that in the comment section below. And I will do my best to get to everything that I can get to. In many cases, people will request videos that I've already done. Keep in mind, I have 1,300 or 1,400 videos on this channel. So I've done videos on a lot of different bodybuilding topics. So make sure you check those out before you make a comment and request a topic because I might have already done it. But I hope you guys are enjoying this channel. Please subscribe if you haven't subscribed already and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next drink from Power, signing out.