Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. I'm going to make a video about Nathan De Asha. So Nathan De Asha has been making more noise in the body building industry right now than really anybody else, winning his past two pro shows and going for his third pro show when this weekend at the Toronto Pro. He won the New York pro and of course the Cali pro last weekend. In addition to those two pro titles he has also won the 2016 Lou Frigno Legacy show and he also won the 2016 Toronto Pro. So as of now he has four total pro wins and these are all pretty big pro shows. I'd say that New York pro win is probably the biggest win of his career so far. The Frigno Legacy could be a close second Cali pro or Toronto pro in third. But overall this guy has you know he's been gaining tremendous momentum especially this year but 2016 and 2017 were both very good years for Nathan De Asha. So the main impressive thing to me about Nathan De Asha is how fast he's been improving upon his playings. In 2016 at the Mr. Olympia has very first Olympia appearance ever he took 12th place. Now the following year in 2017 he moved all the way up to seventh place from 12th so over five places he moved up in just one year's time. So this guy is just getting better and better each year and he's getting better very quickly. So if he does win this Toronto pro this coming weekend and he wins three pro shows in a row and then shuts it down for the Mr. Olympia. He's got to be one of the favorites to be in the top six going into that show. I mean three pro wins in a row. I mean I don't think you guys realize how much momentum that would be for a guy to win three pro shows going into the Mr. Olympia. Now De Asha is pretty good but I would say he's probably not you know top three Mr. Olympia good yet. Now that's not to say he's not going to be that good one day but I think as of right now 2018 he's probably not top three at the Olympia good. But I would have him coming in that top six somewhere. So my prediction he's going to move up from his seventh place finished last year to maybe a sixth or a fifth place spot. Maybe towards the outside of that top six at the Olympia probably not in the top three but he is a very good bodybuilder. So what I think is going to happen is going into the 2019 Arnold Classic. I think he should do that show and win or try to win the 2019 Arnold Classic and he'll have one pretty much every major title in bodybuilding. That's really really sought after. Aside from the Olympia so he's already won the New York pro which is essentially the third biggest show in bodybuilding. And this is a title that you know all these bodybuilders they want to win the New York pro you get that fancy ring. It's a really good title. It's a really good show to win. It's always a really deep lineup. He's got the California pro. That's a good show to win. That's a show that Dallas McCarver had won in the past. The Toronto pro. That's a good show to win. Of course how could you not want to win the Fragno Legacy and get that awesome trophy that Lou Fragno gave out. Which was basically him as the incredible hawk. This giant trophy. I mean that's a pretty big title to win as well. If he can win the Arnold Classic in 2019 I think Deash is going to have more momentum than really anybody else going into the mystery Olympia. This guy is going to be a guy that people are going to want to see. He's going to be a top threat. He's going to have a bunch of major titles under his belt. And he's still a very young guy. I mean he hasn't really been around that long. Now some people were actually criticizing Nathan Deash and his conditioning and his waistline at the New York pro 2018. So I kind of wanted to debunk that myth really quickly here with this photo right here. So yeah and some photos if you cherry pick the photos his waist did look a little bit bigger, particularly in the front double bicep. Now the reason for that was because he decided to hit the front double bicep differently than he usually hits it. He's clearly crunching down on his abs rather than going up and kind of sucking them in, which is what he usually does where his waist looks really small. So that's why it looked different. You can see these comparison photos. That's clearly why his waist looked different. Then during that same show he would hit it the way he regularly hit it and his waist looked fine. So his waist looking blown out. That was really just the result of people cherry picking photos. And that was just kind of dumb. As far as the conditioning is concerned I think there's no argument he could have been more conditioned that the New York pro. I think he certainly came in better at the California pro a week later. But I think a major factor in the New York pro is the lighting. I think everybody, you know they're conditioning a little bit off as a result of the bad lighting. And Nathan Deash was no exception to that rule. So I don't think he's a guy with bad conditioning by any means. He could have had better conditioning yes. But I don't think conditioning is essentially a problem for Nathan Deash. So I'm expecting big things from Nathan Deash in the next year or so. So he's definitely a guy that's going to be on my radar. I think he should definitely be on a lot of your guys' radar as well. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength of power signing out.