Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder and classic physique competitor by the name of Dave Hoffman. So Dave Hoffman is a German bodybuilder, most recently known for competing in the New York Pro 2018, where I think he was a little bit overshadowed by the competition, specifically, Regan Grimes, who made his classic physique debut at that New York Pro. I think Regan Grimes really got the majority of the attention coming out of that show, but in the comment section of most of my videos about the New York Pro, people were saying how amazing Dave Hoffman looked and I really do agree with that sentiment. Now I do believe Dave Hoffman was certainly overlooked in the New York Pro lineup, of course, and first you had Regan Grimes, and second you had Divine Wilson, who had almost beaten Steve Lourious at the Pittsburgh Pro, and then you had Dave Hoffman in third, and I think had Regan not jumped in that lineup in the limelight and the center of attention hadn't been him. I think if it were Divine versus Dave Hoffman, Dave Hoffman might have got a lot more attention, and in my opinion, could have honestly beat Divine Wilson. I'm a big fan of Divine physique, but Dave Hoffman kind of came out of nowhere, and this guy's conditioning was insane. Now granted, the lighting at the New York Pro, we've all established this, it wasn't the best, and I don't think it really flattered anybody in terms of making their conditioning look good, but in these photos you can still tell, Dave Hoffman is shredded to the bone. Now shortly after the New York Pro, Dave Hoffman did get a little bit of redemption at the 2018 San Marino Pro, Classic physique division where he won. So placing first in San Marino did in fact qualify Dave Hoffman to compete at the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. So this is going to be a guy that we're going to see on the Olympia stage. So he is certainly a guy that could be in the conversation for a top six or a top 10 finish in the Classic physique Olympia. So he certainly had name that I want you guys to be familiar with, and I want you guys to know going into the Mr. Olympia because this isn't a guy that I want to see get overlooked, especially at this Mr. Olympia. I think this is really his big shot to come into the Olympia and make some waves and make a name for himself in Classic. So I want to make sure his name gets out there because this guy is a guy that I think could be a threat to the top six. This guy is a guy that I think could possibly be a top three guy if he improves on a couple of things. He needs to be a little bit bigger specifically for me I think his back and his legs need to come up a little bit but other than that I think he does have a very impressive physique from a standpoint of what the Classic physique judges are looking for. Great V-Taper, excellent posing. I mean he pulls off the majority of the great Classic poses like the Archer Pose, the Javlin Pose, even the Mantis Pose, Arnold Schwarzenegger made famous. I think he does a very good job of pulling off that pose as well. I think this is certainly a guy that we need to be looking at. I'm in paying attention to going forward. So again, just another example guys. I mean I think this Classic physique Olympia is going to be one of the most exciting yet. I'm granted there have only been two Classic physique Olympia so far. The first two really didn't get that much height because Classic physique is so new but I'm watching right now on social media. People are really, really excited to see the 2018 Classic physique Olympia. You've got this deep lineup of guys that is constantly getting deeper and guys coming out of nowhere with these crazy Classic physique like Dave Hoffman. And we're going to see a lot of these guys do some damage at the Olympia so I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Let me know in the comments section below what you guys think about Dave Hoffman's physique and more specifically what you guys think about Dave Hoffman's placing at the New York Pro. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of power signing out.