Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick Shion of Power. So I'm going to make a video about the best Mr. Olympia runner-up. So these are body builders that would consistently play second at the Mr. Olympia, but would never win a Mr. Olympia title of their own. So the first guy I have on this list is kind of an honorable mention because he only placed runner-up technically one time. And that was Mike Menser. So in 1979, Mike Menser had a perfect score at the Mr. Olympia. And he won the over 200 pound division at the Mr. Olympia. So in 1979 there was an over 200 and an under 200 and the winner of each category would battle it out to become the over all Mr. Olympia. So Mike Menser winning with a perfect score on the over 200 was beaten by Frank Zane, who won the under 200 division and did not have a perfect score. Arguably one of the most controversial decisions in body building that someone with a perfect score would be defeated by someone without a perfect score. And the fact that Mike Menser was not only scored perfectly, he was bigger than Frank Zane too and still lost the overall title. So this video is going to primarily be guys that had consistently placed second at the Mr. Olympia. But because of the fact that in 1979 Mike Menser won the over 200 and still lost and then in 1980 Mike Menser would controversially tie for fourth at the 1980 Mr. Olympia. And then retire from body building. I believe that had Mike Menser not retired after only competing in two Olympias. He probably would have gone on the play second or win some Mr. Olympia competitions in the future. So that's why I have Mike Menser as kind of an honorable mention in the beginning of this video. Now next on the list we have a body builder named Muhammad McCaway. So Muhammad McCaway plays second at the 1983 and 1984 Mr. Olympia. And he's one of the rare Mr. Olympia runner-ups that was runner up to two different Mr. Olympia winners. So in 1983 some mere beneath one the Olympia in Muhammad McCaway came in second and then in 1984 Lee Haney would win his first Mr. Olympia in Muhammad McCaway would come in second there. So this is something that we rarely ever see. I'm a somebody that comes in second two consecutive years to two different Mr. Olympia winners. I don't even know if that's ever been seen before. Now the interesting thing about Muhammad McCaway is that even though he never defeated Lee Haney during Lee Haney's Olympia reign, Muhammad McCaway defeated Lee Haney five times out of the eight times that he and Lee Haney went head to head. So not only was he placing second at the Mr. Olympia to Lee Haney, but this was a guy that he had beaten multiple times before. So there was a strong argument to be made that Muhammad McCaway could have beaten him at the Olympia. Just to add some perspective to this, imagine if Kai Green had defeated Phil Heath five times prior to the first time that he took second to fill Heath. That's essentially what Muhammad McCaway equates to. He was an incredible body builder on competing primarily in the 80s, but he would compete all the way up to 1999 where he would take 19th at the IFBB night of champions. And unfortunately he would obviously never win a Mr. Olympia title. Now next on the list we have the Dragon Slayer, Rich Gospari. So Rich Gospari plays second to Lee Haney in 1986, 1987 and 1988 at the Mr. Olympia competition. And also you know honorable mention in 1989 he plays fourth and in 1985 he plays third. So he was consistently within the top six and a three time second place runner up to Lee Haney. And the interesting thing about this is he was actually the training partner of Lee Haney as well. So I added an interesting dynamic to their rivalry at the Olympia. But unfortunately Rich Gospari would never win his own Mr. Olympia title. But he would in fact win the first ever inaugural Arnold Classic Championships, making him arguably one of the best body builders to not win a Mr. Olympia title. So next on the list we have the incredible Lee LaBrada. Now Lee LaBrada wasn't amazing body builder. His nickname was Mass with Class. He was a smaller body builder but he had a very impressive physique. And he was a two time runner up at the Mr. Olympia in both 1989 and 1990. Again, both of those years being the Lee Haney. So that's how dominantly Lee Haney was during his body building career. Is that three of the body builders on this list replacing second to Lee Haney during his Olympia reign and some of them multiple times. So not only did Lee LaBrada play second at the Mr. Olympia two times in 1989 and 1990 he was also a seven time top four finisher at the Mr. Olympia and not only did he do it seven times he did it seven years in a row. So Lee LaBrada will compete primarily in the 80s but he will compete all the way up until 1995 where he placed fifth at the Arnold Classic in two years prior in 1993 he placed fourth at the Olympia and unfortunately he would never win a Mr. Olympia title. So next on this list we have the iconic flex wheeler. Now flex wheeler might be one of the best body builders on this list because of that not only did he play second at the Mr. Olympia three times in 1993 1998 and 1999 but he also won the Arnold Classic four times and at that point in time that was the record for Arnold Classic wins. He's also another body builder that plays second to two different Mr. Olympia during his career in 1993 taking second to Dorian Yates in in 1998 and 99 taking second to the legendary Ronnie Coleman. Now recently in 2017 flex wheeler made his comeback to the Mr. Olympia stage to compete in Classic physique where he placed fifth teeth and unfortunately during the course of his career he would never win a Mr. Olympia title but he's arguably one of the greatest to compete at the Olympia and never win. So next on the list I wanted to throw in one more honorable mention who placed second at the Mr. Olympia in 1997 and that is Nashville some body. The reason I wanted to add him to this list is because 1997 of one of the most controversial Olympia decisions in history where they significantly off Dorian Yates who had multiple injuries. His arms didn't look good. His gut was blown out his conditioning was bad and in a lot of people's minds Nasser Elson Body was the clearly superior body builder in 1997 but that would be the only time that Nasser Elson Body placed second at the Olympia but I still think he deserved this spot on this list. So next on the list I wanted to add Sean Ray so Sean Ray is a two-time Mr. Olympia runner-up and he placed within the top five at the Olympia for 12 consecutive years. So regardless of what you think about Sean Ray as a person, Sean Ray is one of the most impressive body builders in the history of the Mr. Olympia to never win the Mr. Olympia title period. Top five for 12 consecutive years is an incredible feat from 1990 to 2001. In another interesting thing about Sean Ray is that during his body building career he beat every single competitor he met on stage at least one with the exception of Lee Haney and Dorian Yates. So Sean Ray is one of the most accomplished body builders on the Olympia stage without a sandout title. So Sean Ray would place second in 1994 and 1996, both of those years to Dorian Yates and incredible feat for a body builder that was at least 50 pounds smaller than Dorian Yates which made his second place finished even more impressive. And make some one of my favorite body builders on this list. So next on the list we have the incredible Kevin Lebroni who would come in second at the Olympia for four years in 1992, 1995, 2000 and 2002. So in 92 and 95 Lebroni took second to Dorian Yates and in 2002 he took second to the legendary Ronnie Coleman. Now at the time Kevin Lebroni had held the record for winning the most pro shows at 23 which was later beaten by Ronnie Coleman and Kevin Lebroni obviously is well known for making his 2016 Mr Olympia comeback at the age of 51 and more recently in 2018 he made his comeback to the Arnold Classic Australia placing 13th out of 14th. But having competed in over 68 IFBB professional competitions during the course of his career in placing second at four Olympias. Kevin Lebroni is one of the most impressive names on this list and arguably one of the best body builders of all time. So I think you guys know who the final body builder on this list is going to be and that is Kai Green placing second to Phil Heath in 2012, 2013 and 2014 at the Mr Olympia making him a three time Mr Olympia runner up and he's also a three time Arnold Classic champion, 2009, 2010 and 2016 and arguably of all the body builders on this list he is probably the most famous body builder for coming in second place due to his rivalry with Phil Heath and arguably on this list he is probably the biggest name in terms of being an uncrowned Mr Olympia he has the biggest fan base saying that he should have won a Mr Olympia at least one point in his career and I'm definitely inclined to agree that Kai Green is probably one of the most impressive body builders to not have a Mr Olympia title under their name. I mean just the sheer freak factor of his physique just the real you know iconic factor of Kai Green as a body builder. I mean this guy is one of the most iconic body builders in history in terms of his posing and in terms of his conditioning in terms of his muscle bellies and his crazy physique and for him to not have a sandout trophy it just doesn't really seem right. Now Kai Green has still not yet officially retired from professional bodybuilding so it still is a question of whether or not he might still get a sandout it's still you know it's a possibility because he has not retired but we have not seen him on the Olympia stage since so in all likelihood we will probably not see him on the Olympia stage again but Kai Green and my opinion one of the greatest runners up at the Olympia ever. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next rank from power signing out.