Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. So I'm going to make a video about a bodybuilder that recently competed in the 2018 Indie Pro. And I think this is a guy that's going to be definitely somebody that we need to be watching out for in the pro ranks because this guy looks fantastic at the Indie Pro. So this bodybuilder's name is Charles Griffin. Now Charles Griffin only very recently turned pro back in 2015 after winning the NPC Nationals where he earned his pro card. And since then, to my knowledge, he's only competed three times as a pro at the 2016 Frigno Legacy where he placed fifth. The 2017 Muscle Mayhem pro where he placed second. And most recently, just a week ago, the 2018 Indie pro where he placed second as well. And I've got to say he looked absolutely phenomenal at the Indie pro. And honestly, I was sitting a couple rows back from the front of the stage. I was like man, when he came out, I was like, this guy looks incredible. I don't even know who this guy was going into it. I'll be also with you guys. This guy was not on my radar at all going into this Indie Pro show. And he looked fantastic. I got to give this guy mad props. His conditioning, his structure, his muscle bellies. In particular, when he came out and hit that front double bicep, I think a lot of people in the audience were just like, wow, this guy is really good. I mean, you guys can see in the video of him posing that I shot here. When he turned around from the back, this guy is crazy sharp and crazy condition from the back. From the front, this condition is pretty good as well. But when he turned around from the back, man, arguably one of the most conditioned backs on stage, Steve Kouklo, who won the show. He looked phenomenal. But Charles Griffin was really pushing him in my opinion. And again, for me, he just kind of came out of nowhere. But he looked that good. He certainly deserved that second place spot. This guy looked just incredible. So while he might not be a guy that's ready to do some serious damage to the Olympia, some of these shows like the New York Pro, the Arnold Classic, this is a guy to be looking out for man. This is going to be a top six guy, if he does a show like the New York Pro. This is going to be a potentially top six guy, if he does a show like the Arnold Classic. This guy is really good. Now my only critique of Charles Griffin would probably be his legs a little bit, both from the front and the back. I think they could use a little bit more separation, especially in the quads. And then a little bit more conditioning through the hamstrings and glutes. But other than that man, I mean, his front double bicep is probably one of the strongest front double biceps in the pro ranks right now. I mean, his arms are certainly a strong point. I think his back is certainly a very, very strong point. He's got a great V-Taper, just a really great, small waist. Now honestly, if you look back to 2017 when he did this muscle mayhem competition, he played second to Victor Martinez at that show. And actually, you could have made a strong argument that Charles could have beat Victor back in 2017 and had he done so. He would have qualified for the Olympia and we could have seen how he did in a lineup of the best guys in the world. But as of so far, we have not seen that comparison. We have not had the opportunity to see him on stage with some of the best in the world to see how he compares. And personally, I think he's going to compare very well when he does make it. I think he may have also done a couple other shows sprinkled in there where he plays within the top five. I think the Chicago pro may be 2017 he plays to fourth. But the point remains the same. I mean, this is a guy that hasn't really been on anybody's radar. And I think he definitely needs to be because this guy is very impressive and he is certainly coming for some of these bigger shows. So this is going to be a guy that we're going to see a lot from I feel like in the future. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Charles Griffin. Please give the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's strength and power signing out.