Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Land on Power so today I want to make a video about a bodybuilder by the name of Bob Chickerolo. Now a lot of you guys might recognize that name because Bob Chickerolo is essentially the voice of bodybuilding. I mean this is the guy that MCs the Mr. Olympia. He does the interview with Arnold the day after the Arnold Classic, the breakfast with the champions. He was the host of one of the earliest bodybuilding radio shows pro bodybuilding weekly which he hosted with Dan Solomon. He's appeared on multiple TV shows including Malcolm in the middle American gladiators because in the movie Dodgeball he travels the world doing seminars and MCs shows. I think he's just a really good ambassador for the sport of bodybuilding. I would say if there's one pro bodybuilder that's out there doing something that I would consider to be the closest to what I want to do within bodybuilding. I think Bob Chickerolo would be that guy. I mean he's doing pretty much everything he can to be the voice of bodybuilding, to be an ambassador for bodybuilding, to represent bodybuilding, to provide a face for bodybuilding. I mean this guy, he wears the crazy fancy suits. He does the press conference at the Olympia. He asks all the tough questions. He gets, you know, the rival Reese going, he gets the drama going. He MCs the Olympia. He's commentated the Olympia. I mean this guy is literally the voice of bodybuilding and I have a lot of respect for what he does and what he has done for the sport of bodybuilding. I think what a lot of people might not know is he was actually a pro bodybuilder in the early 2000s. I mean actually had a pretty short live professional career. So while a lot of people might think of Bob Chickerolo's, you know, the guy in the funny suit, the guy in the fancy suit, saying something funny at the Mr. Olympia, he actually was a pro bodybuilder starting in 2001. He won the NPC USA's. He won the super heavyweight category and then he won the overall and he would go on to compete until 2006. So I would say out of all his competitive years, I think 2002 was the year he looked his best placing second at the night of champions, which is like the third biggest show in bodybuilding at the time. It would become New York pro later on. But in 2002 that second place at the night of champions, I think was a very big deal for Bob Chickerolo. I think that was one of the better physics that he brought to a pro stage. And not only that, but the fact that he took second to Marcus Rul, I made a video about this before 2002, night of champions, Marcus Rul. I feel was Marcus Rul's best physique that he ever brought to a pro stage ever. I mean, he just looked hands down just the freakyest bodybuilder I had ever seen. 2002 Marcus Rul is crazy. So it's not like Bob Chickerolo took second to some nobody. He took second to probably one of the freakyest versions of Marcus Rul ever. And that's a very impressive feat. And he beat guys like Garam Charles Craig, Titus Paul, the Let Tom Prince Gustavo Badell, Mustafa Muhammad. I mean, he beat a lot of top guys that were top guys in the 90s or would go on to be top guys later on in the 2000s like Gustavo Badell. So that was actually a pretty impressive line of the Bob Chickerolo took second in. And that same year he would have a top five finish at the Toronto pro and he would have another second place finish at the 2002 Southwest Pro Cup. And from that point on, he was pretty much outside of the top six. The 2006 night of champions in placing would drop to six place in 2004 Arnold Classic. He got 11th. Eighth had the 2004 Iron Man. Eighth had the New York Pro in 2005, ninth at the San Francisco Pro in 2005. Then in 2006 he had win the Master's Pro World Cup, which actually qualified him to compete in the 2006 Olympia. But it was at that point that he made the decision not to compete. And instead become the host of the Mr Olympia and MC the Mr Olympia rather than being a competitor. So 2006 was where he made the leap from being a competitive bodybuilder to becoming the voice of bodybuilding. So all said and done he only competed as a pro from 2001 to 2006. So a very short five-year career as a pro. But I think with the direction that his play seems were headed, he went the right route with it and you know, becoming a voice in a face for bodybuilding. It was a much more lucrative move for him. And it's something he's much better at. I think he's got a great voice. I think he's got great humor. He's got great commentary. He's got great things to say. I mean he's a very personable guy it seems like. So I just wanted to make a video giving Bob Chickerolo some props from his years as a pro. Because I'm sure a lot of the younger guys that are watching this video weren't following bodybuilding back then are weren't around. And don't know much about Bob Chickerolo's past. I mean if you guys are like teenagers or in high school and you're following bodybuilding now, probably the only thing you know about Bob Chickerolo is he's the host of the Olympia. He's the guy with the funny suits. So I wanted to kind of give you guys a little bit more background and perspective on who Bob Chickerolo was. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Next drink of power signing out.