Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's front of the power. So I don't want to make a video about Tom Platt's aka the Quadfather. Now specifically, I wanted to talk about the fact that Tom Platt's is currently 62 years old and within the past year he has uploaded a video where he is still squatting 365 pounds for reps, specifically 5 reps in this video that you're watching right now. Now as many of you already know Tom Platt was known during his bodybuilding career for having some of the best legs in bodybuilding, specifically his quads and his hamstrings, and a lot of that was due to the fact that he was famous for these intense squat workouts that he would do and his leg training intensity was about his famous SS actual leg development overall. So Tom Platt's competed primarily in the 1980s pretty much after the reign of Arnold Schwarzenegger. His first Mr. Olympia ever being in 1979 and he would place 8th at that very first Mr. Olympia. And every Olympia he would compete at except for 1986 he would place within the top 10. But Tom Platt's is most note worthy Mr. Olympia appearance out of all the appearances that he made. Well, being in 1981 Mr. Olympia where he would place 3rd and many people felt this was a very controversial decision. Specifically the fact that Franco Columbo was making his comeback to the Olympia stage this year, a friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Arnold Schwarzenegger was one of the promoters of the 1981 Mr. Olympia and he had been a promoter of the Olympia all throughout the late 70s. So everyone was already very skeptical going into the 1981 Mr. Olympia before they even saw what Franco looked like. Number one, the fact that his best friend Arnold was the promoter of the show. Number two, the fact that Franco hadn't won the Olympia since 1976, five years prior. And number three, the fact that Franco's leg was badly injured back in 1977 when he competed at the World Strongest Man. So not only did we have Franco going into this show as the favorite because the promoter was Arnold, but we also had Franco going into this show after a long hiatus from the sport and after injuring his leg very, very badly. So what we would see in 1981 is arguably one of the best Tom Platt's as we had ever seen in place third at the Olympia to a significantly off-franco columbo and a second place finisher, Chris Dickerson. So a lot of body-building fans felt that Tom Platt was robbed that year if not placing third, he should have at least been second. And most people would agree that he probably could have won that show. Now in addition to the notorious 1981 Mr. Olympia Tom Platt's, like I mentioned, was known for his crazy squat workouts and not just the fact that the intensity was crazy, but also the fact that the weight was crazy as well. In fact at one point in his career, he did a squat competition versus Fred Hatfield where he squatted 525 pounds or 2308 kilograms for a total of 23 reps. So as it relates to lower body development in general in the sport of body-building Tom Platt's, arguably had the most iconic set of legs we had ever seen in body-building up until recent years. Arguably, one of the most iconic work ethics in terms of leg workouts in the gym and squatting that we had ever seen in body-building. It's just really refreshing to see that at the age of 62, a guy like Tom Platt who was known for these crazy feats of strength when he was in his heyday 40 years ago can still squat more than most normal people can squat for 5 reps. I mean, 365 for 5 reps is still a very impressive squat regardless of your age. I'm 24 years old and I'd be really happy to squat 365 for 5. So the moral of the story is Tom Platt's is still got it and I'm very happy to see that. So thank you guys for watching the video. Please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Strength and Power signing out.