Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's trying to power. So this video is going to be the top five freakyest body builders that no longer can compete and are simply known for the freaky pictures they post on social media. And that is essentially what they do. Now coming in at number five on the list we have a body builder by the name of Soran Fowby aka the Viking. So Soran Fowby is 184 centimeters tall or approximately 6 foot 1 and his weight is about 130 kilograms or 286 pounds and Soran has not competed since 2015. But he has been able to amass a massive following on social media specifically Instagram just due to the sheer size of him in particular his arms. Now there has been speculation about both synth all use and Photoshop in regards to his arms. But either way this guy is arguably one of the freakyest body builders that we don't see on the competitive stage. So coming in at number four we have the massive body builder Craig Goliath. Now Craig is well known for his out-angling game many of his photos he out-angles pro-body builders. I mean his biggest Craig Goliath is over 310 pounds or 140.6 kilograms standing at a height of 6 foot 3 inches tall or 190.5 centimeters. Now we have not seen Craig Goliath on stage since approximately 2010. But in many of his photos Craig appears to be bigger than many pro-body builders specifically his arms seemingly bigger than almost any of the pros arms today. Now self admittedly Craig uses the angles to his advantage to make himself look bigger and call himself the king about angling. But either way this guy has a massed a giant following just on the sheer size of his arms and his angle game alone. Now coming in at number three we have a body builder that goes by mooky black on Instagram so mooky black is actually a pretty big body builder. I mean he competed as recently as 2013 in the heavyweight division in the NPC. But recently he's been exploding on Instagram. Primarily due to the obvious use of synth all in his arms. Standing at only 5 foot 9 inches tall or approximately 1709 centimeters. Mooky black weighs an impressive 315 pounds in the off-season and 275 pounds in contest and he is quickly becoming a rising social media star because of the freak factor of his physique alone and again the obvious use of sight enhancement oil. Now coming in at number two spot we have a body builder known as Carlito XXL. Now Carlito is widely referred to as one of the most vascular body builders of all time specifically one of the most vascular amateur body builders ever. I mean he has not competed since 2014's almost four years since he's been on a body building stage but he currently has an Instagram following of over 101,000 followers due to his sheer vascularity and freakingness of his physique and again the size of his arms. Now I must admit even though in some photos there's obvious Photoshop and extreme filtering despite all that he does have a very impressive physique and he is crazy vascular so that makes him number two on the list of the most freaky body builders to no longer compete in body building. Now coming in at number one we have a body builder who in my opinion from a size standpoint is the most impressive of all the body builders on this list to not compete and that is Martin Ford who stands at a height of six foot eight inches tall or two hundred and three centimeters weighing an impressive three hundred and ten plus pounds or 140.6 kilograms. Now I know Martin has become huge on social media he's also been involved in some acting gigs but I've actually never seen him on a body building stage so if he has ever competed it's been that long ago that I've never even heard of it. So I think both from a size standpoint in the sheer amount of notoriety that this guy has I think is arguably one of the most well known guys on this list from being associated with the 5% crew and just the fact that he's massive makes him one of the freaky his body builders to never compete on a body building stage just because of the fact that he's taller than probably any body builder that has ever stepped on an IFPB pro stage. And arguably probably heavier than 99% of all body builders to have ever stepped on a but IFPB pro stage at over three hundred and ten pounds in shredded condition. So let me know in the comment section below what you guys thought of the video please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it next time you can power signing out.