Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick from the Power. So I'm going to make a list of my top five most shredded body builders in the history of body building, including some guys that had conditioning that was so good, it would change the course of body building history. So let's get right into it. So coming in at number five, you have Frank Zane. Now in my opinion, you really can't have a top five list of most shredded body builders without including Frank Zane because Frank Zane was one of the first guys to really do this. I'm in come in much smaller than the other guys, but as conditioning was so damn good that he would beat guys much bigger than himself, case in point back in 1968, Frank Zane defeated a young but very big Arnold Schwarzenegger at the 1968 Mystery Universe competition and the reason for that was because he was so much better condition than Arnold. And that made Frank Zane one of only three men to ever defeat Arnold Schwarzenegger on a body building stage. Now Frank Zane only weighed roughly a hundred and ninety pounds on stage and is conditioning and aesthetics really raised the bar for the other competitors to come in with that much better conditioning. I'm going to have crazier lines and crazier aesthetics and better posing. So Frank Zane really set the bar high for these other guys because his conditioning was that good. And of course Frank Zane won the Mystery Olympia competition from 1976 to 1979 making him a three time Mystery Olympia winner giving him conditioning that was the best in the world three times. Now coming in at number four we have Rich Gospari. Now I have Rich Gospari on this list because he was the first guy ever to have striated glutes on a body building stage and he was the guy that set the bar higher than anybody else because up until that point striated glutes weren't even a thing in body building. They were barely even judged. But when he came along with those shredded glutes he really made that you know a new judging point in body building. If you were to be conditioned your glutes had to be conditioned as well. So here's really the one that set that standard. Of course he won the 1989 first ever Arnold Classic in Columbus Ohio. And of course he was the multiple time runner up at the Olympia and the training partner to Mr. Olympia Le Haney. And even though Rich was a much smaller guy than many of the other body builders on stage he was often much better conditioned than some of these guys he was beating on the Olympia stage and that's why he comes in at number four on this list. So coming in at number three I have a body builder that I'm sure a lot of you guys probably haven't heard of but you might have seen this picture of him. So Alejandro Gali this is a body builder that I think has one of the most impressive photos in the history of body building. This photo of him in particular is probably one of the freakyest and most insane body building pictures I have ever seen. So it's a shot of him on stage from the back. You can see the shredded lower back, the Christmas tree in the lower back, how conditioned the lats are but in particular how shredded his glutes are man. I mean this guy looks insanely shredded on stage. And in my opinion this is a back shot that I don't think anybody else will ever replicate in terms of freakiness and conditioning. I mean this will go down in history is one of the most iconic body building photos Mark my works Alejandro Gali has won the 2013 and 2012 Arnold Classic amateur overall titles. And prior to that he competed primarily in the WABBA body building organization. So even though he's not that well known and he doesn't compete in the I. B. B. I just think it's certainly worthy of having him on this list due to this one photo alone because his conditioning from the back arguably one of the most conditioned body builders from the back that you know has ever been seen in history particularly with these photos. So coming in the number two spot we have a body but our name Helmet Streville and I've done a video on him in the past. And this guy some of the photos of him I think is this is like the lowest body fat percentage I've ever seen on a human being. I mean this guy while he doesn't have that much muscle mass he's 6 foot 3 and roughly 215 pounds. This guy's one of the most shredded guys I've ever seen in my life. I mean like zero body fat on this guy's frame. So this guy is an Austrian body builder. He's a former winner of the Mr. Austria competition and he's been competing in body building since 1995. He's currently more active as a fitness model now. But he competed as recently as the 2014 Miami Pro World Championships which he won and he primarily competes in the master's division when he competes in any shows now in the 40 plus category. So he has been body building for about 25 plus years now but he now focuses more on fitness modeling and showing off that freaky conditioning. So coming in the number one spot I think you have to have on Dreyus Muncer. Now on Dreyus Muncer is a guy obviously probably the most well known guy in the IFPB for his conditioning arguably one of the most conditioned guys in the history of the IFPB. And the reason I have him in number one is because I believe his extreme condition was the reason he died. So he was so dedicated to coming in with that crazy freaky conditioning. He did it to the point where it actually ended his life. So a lot of people will speculate that in 1996 when he passed away the main cause of death was the abuse of dioretics which is the primary agent responsible for that crazy shredded look that paper thin skin. I'm getting that last minute waterway out of the way. And on Dreyus is probably the biggest body builder on this list in terms of a guy with a ton of muscle mass bringing that muscle mass in in a crazy shredded package. Wwing about 240 pounds on stage. He would come in with still a pretty significant amount of size but pretty much always dice to the bone. His best place in would be a third place finish at the 1990 Arnold Classic and a ninth place finish several times at the Mr. Olympia then in 1996 the Arnold Classic would be his second to last show. He was a fellow Austrian body builder as well similar to Arnold Schwarzenegger. I think it's kind of funny that number one and two on this list are both Austrian body builders. Got to be something in the water over there in Austria. So that's the video guys. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it and let me know in the comment section below who you would have in your top five or if you would add or subtract anybody from my list. If you guys are watching the video, next drink from power signing out.