Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So I thought a topic that you guys might enjoy is the top 10 strongest high school athletes in America by weight class. Now the reason I thought you guys would be interested in this is that I know a lot of my followers aren't high school are younger guys. And one of the questions that I get a lot on Instagram or in my comments section seems to be, I'm in high school, I'm 16, I'm 17 or whatever. I can bench press this much, I can squat this much, am I doing good, am I strong, am I on track? How do I compare to other people that you've seen in terms of strength for a high schooler? And this is a question that I always wondered back when I was in high school as well. I could bench press so much, I could develop so much, you know, how am I doing compared to other high schoolers? So it seems like USA weightlifting had that question in the back of their mind as well because this year they did a 2018 search for the 10 strongest high school athletes in America and again it was done by weight class, ranging from a hundred and nineteen pound weight class to two hundred and thirty eight pound weight class. And what they did was they opened this competition up to anyone that could upload a video of them bench pressing, squatting, and power cleaning. The videos were then reviewed by USA weightlifting's team to confirm that the lifts were in fact legitimate and the videos hadn't been tampered with anyway, I'm going to make sure everything was legit. So the results for this competition came in from 40 schools and 20 different states and they had results for both the males and the females. So a lot of you guys that had this question of how strong am I, you know, I'm in high school, I'm doing this, I'm doing that. I thought this would provide a good frame of reference for you guys to compare yourselves to these weight classes and the weights that these people are moving on this top 10 list. So I'm going to go ahead and read the results from the lightest weight class, the heaviest weight class, and then the weight class that I feel was the most impressive in terms of the lifts. Obviously you guys can read the rest of the lifts in terms of the other weight classes if you want to compare it to those. So for the men, you had a Hayden flinders from Utah weighing a hundred and nineteen pounds, bench pressing a hundred and ten is max squat being 240 and is max power clean being a hundred and eighty five. Now the heaviest guy, Jacob Kaplan, in the 238 plus pound division, bench pressing 385 pounds, squatting five hundred and eighty five pounds and power cleaning three hundred pounds. Now in my opinion, the most impressive numbers on this lift are going to be in the one hundred and ninety nine pound weight category. That would be Jake Zauer from Minnesota. So this guy had a three hundred and forty five pound bench press, a five hundred and twenty pound squat, and a two hundred and eighty five pound power clean. So next I'm going to go through the girls division really quick, so for the lightest division, you had Mariah Montereau from California in the one hundred and one pound weight category, bench pressing sixty five pounds, squatting a hundred and five and power clean with fifty five pounds. And in the heaviest weight category, you have to name a claim from Florida in the one hundred and ninety nine plus pound weight category, bench pressing two thirty five, squatting two forty five and power cleaning a hundred and ninety pounds. Now the most impressive I feel on this lift is going to be Olivia Reeves in the one thirty nine weight category, benching a hundred and fifty five pounds, squatting three hundred and fifteen pounds, and power cleaning two hundred and twenty pounds. I think that's extremely impressive for a girl or really for anybody that weighs a hundred and thirty nine pounds. So there you guys have it, that is USA weight lifting, top ten list of the strongest boys and girls in high school in America. I think the list could have been a little bit more comprehensive and it could have had more schools and more entries. Hopefully as this competition goes on in future years, they have more entries and we can have a better representation of how strong American high schoolers are. But I think for now, this gives you guys a pretty good starting point of a frame of reference to see how you compare against other high schoolers your age and your weight. So let me know in the comment section below. If you're in high school, how you compare, please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time the power signing out. Thank you.