Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's having power. So in this video I want to talk about the 2004 Mr. Olympia competition specifically the host of that competition. Now 2004 was a very interesting year at the Mr. Olympia. The promoters were clearly trying to make the Mr. Olympia more mainstream, more entertaining and add a whole new element to the Mr. Olympia. So what they did was they brought in WWE Superstar Triple H to be the host of the 2004 Mr. Olympia. So personally I think that was one of the coolest ideas they've ever incorporated into the Mr. Olympia because Triple H actually did a very good job of asking these guys questions and doing backstage interviews, which I would broadcast to the audience during the show. And they got the audience route up, it got you know Jay Colton on a Coleman fired up. And of course the fact that you had a WWE Superstar asking the questions out of the whole new element of excitement to the show. And then next to Triple H you had Kevin Lavroni also asking questions also in 2004. Yet the addition of the challenge round, which was in my opinion one of the worst changes that they ever made to the Mr. Olympia. And they shortly did away with it after that. I'm basically a new round where you could kind of challenge any competitor you wanted to pose down to the pose of your choice. So the problem with this challenge round is obviously the competitor that's picking the pose is going to pick the pose that they're strongest in to go against the other guy and hide the weaknesses of themselves and then kind of expose the weaknesses of the other guy. There's a very biased kind of round and that's why they got rid of it. But the main point of this video is Triple H hosting that Olympia now. This is something that I would like to see them bring back as bring back kind of a celebrity host or a celebrity integration to the Mr. Olympia. And back in 2016 of course you had Duane the Rock Johnson present the trophy at the 2016 Mr. Olympia. But Triple H did such a good job at the 2004 Olympia. That his backstage interview between Ronnie Coleman and Jay Cutler in my opinion is one of the greatest Olympia interviews of all time. So right now I'm going to roll a clip from that interview. Have a listen to this right now. And then let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Hello Package Jay, but you just got done watching defending champion Ronnie Coleman's routine. Focusing your mind when you're watching that is that timid and cute. I mean, you know I've got to respect for Ronnie, but you know people say this guy is unbeatable and you know I don't agree with that. Everyone's beatable on a certain day and I'm going to win this Olympia eventually. What's it like out there Ronnie? You're the number one man in the show. It's yours to win or lose. How do you feel? I'm going to have a listen to this. I'm having a time in my life. I'm having a lot of fun here tonight. I asked you this question a minute ago when I'm going to ask you again for all these people. Jay Cutler said you were 100% beatable. What do you say about that? I say Jay Cutler smoking crack. You need this right, man. Oh. Ronnie. So I hope you guys enjoyed that clip and that video. Let me know in the comment section below what you guys thought about the interview and also what you guys think about bringing in potentially another WWE superstar to host an event like the Mr. Olympia. I think it's really cool. And I think the fan base is between WWE and bodybuilder. We have DECS.