Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here when Nick's on the power so it seems to be the norm now that out of every body building show there seems to be some kind of controversy or somebody claiming that somebody got robbed. And this past weekend's Toronto Pro show was no exception to that rule. You had one morale versus a key Williams for the top spot at the Toronto Pro, a key Williams who was vastly improved from his 2018 New York Pro appearance just two weeks prior to the Toronto Pro. Now was the key dramatically improved from a conditioning standpoint from New York to Toronto absolutely. He was significantly improved but keeping mind there was only two weeks difference between this show and New York. But yes, a key was dramatically improved. Arguably one of the best versions of a key Williams we ever saw. And yes, you could make a strong argument for a key Williams beating one morale at this show. But did one morale rob a key Williams? Was it a clear case of one didn't deserve to win? I don't think that's the case. I think one and two you could have made a strong argument for either one or a key winning that show. It wasn't a case of a key was robbed. A key could have won the show absolutely but he wasn't robbed by any means and I'm going to show you guys why with this video right here. It was actually much closer than a lot of people would try to make it out to be. So a key Williams his conditioning was improved but it wasn't great. It still wasn't great conditioning. It was great for a key but compared to other bodybuilders. It still wasn't that good. And one morale was a much more conditioned version of one morale than we saw in New York. And one certainly did have better conditioning than a key at the Toronto pro. Now the main case for a key Williams beating one morale would be a key Williams legs compared to one morale's legs. And now one morale's legs have always been a weak point for him. I'm certainly not going to defend his legs against a key. His legs did beat his but unfortunately for a key there's more to a bodybuilding competition than just beating one morale in one body part. So I think the biggest factor in why one morale beat a key was conditioning. I think people were so focused on the fact that a key had improved his conditioning. They were kind of overlooking the fact that from a conditioning standpoint in general he still wasn't as conditioned as ones. I think that's the major key to one's victory was conditioning. Now a lot of the front poses a key does look a little bit better than him. In particular the arms are certainly better. The chest is certainly better. But the issue is going to be the midsection. I don't know why a lot of people didn't comment on this but a key certainly did have some distension in his stomach. I think for that reason one had a much better V-Taper. A better flow to his physique. And that distension I think also took away from a key conditioning. You can see that clearly in the front double bicep pose and also in the front relaxed. Not only that but there was a clear lack of abdominal separation in a key. So not only was his stomach distended but in many of the poses including the abs and thighs. He didn't really have that visible of abs. So even though his conditioning was good in other areas his midsection was still very problematic for him. Now from a sheer muscle mass standpoint I think a key certainly beats one. And just in terms of being the bigger guy. Again his legs are better. Arms chest. But again that conditioning is going to let him down. In particular what we're going to see here is when they turn around from the back. Now the problem with a key he does have a very dense back. But the problem is he has very high inserted lats. So in most of the back poses he almost has no lower back at all. No lower lats. Very little separation or detail in the lower back at all. Whereas one more l. has very low inserted lats. So the back poses he looks significantly better than a key Williams. I think the back poses in conditioning are what one this show for one more l. So I just wanted to clear that up for you guys. I think you know a key Williams looked tremendous. Best version of a key that we've ever seen. But I think before people start you know accusing the judges of getting it wrong and saying a key was just robbed blind. I mean you have to really know what you're actually talking about and know how to actually judge a bodybuilding competition because just being a bigger guy with decent conditioning as I've said before isn't going to win you the show. Juan was better conditioned. His back was better. His V-Taper was better. His midsection was better. Although his legs were weaker than a keen certainly weaker than a keen by a long shot. There are a lot of other areas where Juan was more polished and better than a keen and that's what gave Juan the victory. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time of the power signing out.