Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick's Dragon Power, so the final is just wrapped up for the 2018 Chicago Pro and the classic physique division. It looks like Wesley Vissers was able to do enough during his pro debut to pull off the win here against Amit Roy, who is the smaller guy next to him that was shorter and a little bit more conditioned. I will say that at the night show, I saw some pictures and videos where Wesley did look to be significantly darker. He seems to have fixed the issue with his tan and he did look significantly better at the night show in my opinion. The lighting almost looks a little better at the night show too. So I think at the end of the day, it was a close call because he's were two very different physiques. Like I said, I think Wesley's conditioning was a little bit off, but overall his conditioning wasn't bad. And again, we're comparing two very different guys in Amit and Wesley. So it was really just a matter of which preference the judges decided to go with whether they wanted a bigger structure, a bigger frame guy like Wesley with a little bit less conditioning or a smaller guy with razor sharp conditioning, but not as good of a structure. So it seems like the judges decided to go with Wesley. I think honestly with the better tan, he did look significantly improved and I actually saw a better quality video from the pre-judging. And I'm going to post that here where Wesley actually does look better in the better quality video. I think a lot of the reason why he didn't look as good in the video that I had earlier was that video was so low quality. He was washed out a little bit in both the terms of the quality and the lighting. In this HD video here, you can see he looks significantly better. So congratulations to Wesley. This is a big deal. Again, this is Pro Day View. And this qualifies him to compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia, which was the big question because if he didn't win this show, there was a good possibility that we might not see him in the Olympia. So I'm excited to have him in that Olympia lineup. Hopefully between now and then he's going to be able to make some improvements going into the Mr. Olympia. But again, congratulations to Wesley. I'm looking forward to see what you do with your Pro career. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about Wesley Visitor's Pro Day View next time from Power, signing out.