Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's strength and power. So let's jump straight into the topic for today. So as you know, this weekend is the IFBB Chicago Pro show. And at that show, in the classic physique division, Wesley Vissers is making his pro debut as a classic physique competitor in the IFBB. So this is a very important show to Wesley. Number one, because it's his pro debut. And number two, because he's trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. And to do so, he's going to need to win a pro show. And the opportunities to win a pro show are very slim between now and September. So this is really his primary shot at competing at the Olympia in 2018. It's to win this show. So now that I've seen all the photos and videos from pre-judging, which happened a couple hours ago, I can make a good judgment about what I saw now. So Wesley is my boy. I'm a big fan of his physique. He won my 2017 Mr. Goanera competition. But I can't be biased about this analysis here. I'm going to tell it like it is. So honestly, the first thing I noticed was Wesley's color. I thought his tan was just a really, it wasn't a good tan. It wasn't a good color for him. He was the lightest guy on stage by far. He didn't have really any show shine on. So he was like the least shiny guy as well. So the color and the shine just wasn't there. So that was the first thing that I noticed right off the bat. In the second thing I noticed right away was his conditioning. Now this could be a combination of the fact that his color wasn't very good. And the show shine wasn't very good. But he looked to be kind of flat in the conditioning seemed a little bit off. I wouldn't say his conditioning was terrible. He was still in shape for the show. But I would say the guy next to him. I believe his name is Ahmed Roy. I think he goes by Bangalore tiger on Instagram. The guy to the left hand side of him in the middle. I think the conditioning on that guy might be enough to actually beat Wesley Visitors. Now this call out video that you're looking at here is the top for it to show. So Wesley is going to be somewhere in that top for likely one or two spots based on where they have him placed both him andometer in the middle. Now from a structure standpoint, I will still stand by Wesley and say that he has one of the best structures on that stage. I think he's one of the better poses on that stage. And again, we've talked about this before being a taller guy in the classic physique division. It gives you an advantage. It gives you a structural advantage. It gives you a size advantage. And it gives you a stage presence advantage. More eyes are drawn to him on stage because he's taller and he has that wider frame, that bigger frame. And when I think the superior frame for classic bodybuilding. So the other thing that a lot of people criticize Wesley for is his legs. Now I will say from the front, I actually don't think his quads look that bad in this line. But from the side, you can definitely see he needs to work on his hamstrings a little bit. That's going to be a problem for him going forward that he needs to improve upon. But I'll say again, the main standout thing for me about Wesley, the main criticism, I think is going to be the color here. The color in the shine, I think really takes away from his physique. Whether he was conditioning might have actually been pretty good. But it could have been just this color was so bad compared to the other guys that makes his conditioning look worse. But overall in this line up, I think he is still vying for that top spot. I think there's still a chance that he could win this show. I think in all likelihood, he's going to be first or second. He might get beaten by this omit Roy guy because this guy, even though he's a smaller guy in a shorter guy, this guy is conditioning was on point and you really can't deny that. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the pre-judging of Wesley Visitor's Pro Day view. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next track in power, signing out.