Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power so don't talk about the transformation of a two-12 bodybuilder by the name of Aaron Clark. So I remember actually being in the audience at the 2014 Arnold Classic when Aaron Clark made his Arnold Classic debut in the 2012 division and Aaron placed third out of that line up in his first ever Arnold Classic in the 2012. So he was very impressive right out of the gate at the Arnold I actually had him winning the show and I just he was very impressive. I distinctly remember being in the audience Distinctly remember his name and distinctly remember being impressed by him in that line up He was a very good to 12 bodybuilder back in 2014 Now after placing third at that 2014 Arnold Classic later on in that same year he would actually win the New York pro The 2012 category that is so I just wanted to give you guys a frame of reference here as a 2-12 bodybuilder Aaron Clark was no joke. I mean this guy was a really really high level 2-12 bodybuilder a ton of potential a ton of promise and he was a very young guy When he made that Arnold Classic debut I think he was in his early 20s So fast forward to 2018 Aaron Clark makes a decision to jump in the men's open bodybuilding category And I was actually at one of the first shows that he did as a men's open bodybuilder the indie pro in Indianapolis, Indiana I was there and I actually did not know Aaron Clark was making his men's open debut at this show Being at this show I was there when Aaron Clark went on stage and to be honest with you guys I honestly did not recognize Aaron Clark's physique at all when he came on stage I didn't even know it was him until they said his name. I know I did who this guy was And when they said his name, you know all I could think of was this phenomenal 2-12 bodybuilder that I had seen years before I'm in the physique that I saw on stage. I mean not not to hate on the guy, but the physique was terrible And this is not a long period of time that we're talking about here. This is you know less than four years between the Arnold Classic back in 2014 and now So very short period of time drastic transformation in Aaron Clark's physique and I believe he placed I believe he tied for dead last at the indie pro So then fast forward a little bit more to the 2018 New York pro Aaron Clark actually makes the decision to go back to the 2012 where he started and where he initially was Very successful so he goes back down to the 2012 in the New York pro Which keep in mind four years ago He won the entire division of the New York pro. He's a New York pro champion again He tied for dead last 16th place in What was honestly in my opinion a just a terrible showing? He has what appears to be to me Kind of a severe case of polimboism his stomach seems to have grown tremendously and his arms and legs just seemed to have shrunk and as physique like I said it's just almost Unrecognizable from where he was you know four years ago from this point So my question to you guys is what do you think happened to Aaron Clark's physique over these four years? To cause this drastic downhill decline and do you think he can come back from this do you think he was You know sick something about his training injured Something that was causing this that he could possibly rectify and come back and bring back his old physique or do you think this is permanent damage From drug use or injury This is just you know kind of the end of Aaron Clark's career. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next strength of power signing out