Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Drankton Power, so probably the biggest story in bodybuilding maybe this week is the Nick Walker split from his coach Kyle Wilkes and kind of all the drama surrounding that and some of the comments made by Nick. In one comment that's gotten a lot of attention that Kyle Wilkes pointed out on the podcast he did about the split with Nick. Was that Nick said on the phone call where they basically broke up that he didn't like his Pittsburgh pro look. In a lot of fans have taken issue with that statement, I think Kyle took issue with that statement. And Nick posted a video today where he said his favorite look of his career was the 2021 Arnold Classic. So what do you feel your best looks ever were? So I when it comes to look for shows I truly believe my favorite looks which I think are my best looks. For 2021 Arnold Classic, I just thought that for me that was my number one. I was dry hard, very green and full. It was like as soon as I walked out for that show like lights out, I just gave it over. As soon as I walked out everyone knew that's it. And I just thought the peak was perfected everything was nails for that specific show. And I would say my second favorite was probably a Lempia 2020. I don't think I was as conditioned per se as a 2020 Lempia or the 2021 Arnold. I'm sorry. What I was so I was very lean, lean enough. But I was so fucking full. Like it was the second. It was an undeniable type of full. It was still very dry. You know what I mean? And then I actually really did like my Arnold look that I lost two Samsung. That was probably my leanest and driest. I still think I was full to me just maybe not as full as I normally am, which is why I didn't seem like I had like that Nick Walker pop. But I was still pretty full, but I was just so fucking lean for that dude. It was insanity. And when people I guess hear that I didn't like the Pittsburgh look, it's I didn't like it because I didn't think it was my best. I know what I'm capable of. I know what I can bring. And that look was good. Don't get me wrong. But I could have been leaner, I could have been drier, I could have been harder. And I also thought I could have been a little forer, which is why I think we kind of lost it at night because we stated pretty hard in my opinion. So that's just the way I look at it. I don't like to look in the past because every prep is different. But the end result should always be the same to a degree with improvements. And for me, it's not what it was. That's not what I like to bring to the stage. I know everyone thought it was a wild show, but if you really go back and look at those packages, that's the look I need to bring with the out of size that I have now. And one of the reasons that he gives for not liking the Pittsburgh pro look is that he could have been a little leaner, he could have been a little bit better overall. And he didn't win the show. So the topic of today's video is what was Nick Walker's best look? And I wanted to take a look back at that 2021 Arnold classic because when I think of Nick's best looks to me, that is up there. I don't disagree with Nick when he says, that's his favorite look to me. I think that Arnold in this year's Pittsburgh, those are my two favorite looks for Nick Walker. So for me, it's between those two for sure. And I saw a lot of people in the comments of Nick's post taking issue with this. And I think mostly debating on how he looked at Pittsburgh, which I agree. I think that was one of his best looks. And I don't agree with Nick, not liking the Pittsburgh look. I think that was one of his best. I think it was a great look. I think him and Kyle did a great job for that show. But I don't think it's that controversial for Nick to say that the Arnold was his favorite in 2021. Because when you look back, this was without a doubt one of his best looks. And I think when you look at what Nick gets criticized for the most, the midsection, the abdominal control. When I look back at this video of Nick from the 2021 Arnold, to me, this is the best his midsection has ever looked. As far as the abdominal control, the deep separation of the abs, if you look at the abs and thighs pose specifically here, I think this is the best abs and thighs. Nick Walker has ever presented on a bodybuilding stage. Even looking at his legs, the separation in his quads to me, this is like peak prime Nick Walker. But the main takeaway for me at the Arnold Classic 2021 is if Nick's biggest weak point and his biggest criticism of his whole career has been his midsection, when you look back at this Arnold, this is the best in my opinion. His midsection has ever looked. It doesn't even look like an issue here. There is no bubble gut conversation at this Arnold. I don't think it's crazy for Nick to say this was an insane look in one of his favorites, because for me, I think this might be my favorite Nick Walker look with a Pittsburgh pro being a close second because the Pittsburgh pro he was bigger and yes, he sacrificed the midsection's some for that show for sure. His midsection did not look as good in my opinion at Pittsburgh as it did at the Arnold Classic in 2021. But I think you've also got to look at what did Nick achieve at these shows that makes them impressive. Yes, at the 2021 Arnold, he did actually win versus the second place in Pittsburgh. But I think to be fair, if you look at that lineup, it wasn't, you know, in no disrespect to these other guys that competed, it was definitely not the same caliber as the Olympia where Nick was top three, which he said was his second favorite look. It definitely was not the same caliber as the Pittsburgh pro. And second place you had Ian Valier at the 2021 Arnold Classic in third place Steve Kuklo in fourth place Justin Rodriguez in fifth place a team Williams. So in terms of Arnold Classic lineups, this was not the strongest lineup that we had ever seen. This was one of the very few actually Arnold Classic lineups that did not include a former master of the Arnold Classic champion. It did not include a former Mr. Olympia. It did not include any top three Olympians at all. So in terms of the lineup, yes, Nick won where he was second in Pittsburgh. But I don't think it was as impressive of a lineup as the Pittsburgh show. Now if we look at the footage from the Pittsburgh pro, actually let's put them side by side here. I think that would be a good way to do this. I think that Nick's midsection does not look as good as it looked at the 2021 Arnold. And I want to say I'm not trying to say that I think Kyle Wilkes did a bad job or that Nick is justified in leaving him because the Pittsburgh pro is still one of my favorite looks of Nick's, but just in the conversation of what was his best look in Nick saying he liked that Arnold look the best. I do like that look a lot and even comparing it to the Pittsburgh look. I think the midsection looked bigger at the Pittsburgh. Nick was bigger though, hit like overall he was bigger. So he brought a more muscular look to the Pittsburgh. But for me, when you're talking about the detail that he brought the detail on the legs, the detail on the side legs, the abs and thighs, the detail in the abs, the waist control, that Arnold classic look man, it was undeniably dangerous. But again, I think that context is important here and you got to look at what Nick achieved at each one of these shows. So the Arnold kind of a lackluster lineup, but the Pittsburgh show. He was second. Derek lunchford was first, but again, he did beat Derek at the pre judging. That's very important. He beat a reigning former Mr. Olympia champ at the pre judging. That's the closest he's ever came to beating Derek at a show and he did beat him at pre judging. He also beat Martin Fitzwater who I can't say enough good things about Martin right now. I think Martin is one of the top four best body builders in the world hands down right now. After what we saw in Prague, that package he brought is maybe almost top three best body builders in the world. Martin looked incredible. And at the time that he competed at Martin competed in Pittsburgh, he had just made his Olympia debut in 2024. He was top four in the world. He was fourth at that Olympia. So Martin was on top of the world. He missed the mark a little bit but still. He also had William Bonack in that lineup who was fourth. William Bonack is a former Olympia runner up multiple time Arnold Classic champion Michael Kryso one of the biggest freaks in body building. That's your top five. That's a lot more competitive than what we saw at the Arnold. So as far as what Nick achieved, he's beating the best body builders in the world at this show in Pittsburgh. Almost beat Derek lunchford, a recent Mr. Olympia champ. This was a great showing for Nick and I think undeniably I don't think you can say this was a bad look for Nick. I don't think you can say you didn't like this look. I do think it's fair to say maybe you liked the Arnold look better because I do like the Arnold look better. But I don't see how Nick didn't like this Pittsburgh look. I get what he said in his video. I mean I understand he didn't win the show. But this was effectively Nick's comeback show. This was the show that made the statement to the body building world. I'm back. I can beat Derek. He beat him at prejudging. He did. I just beat Martin. He's top four in the world. This was the show that sent the statement to everybody that I'm still here. So this was a great look for Nick. And then keep in mind like a week later, he won the New York pro. And also I think the New York pro lineup was more competitive than the Arnold that he won in 2021. Being Bonette, Krizo, Regan Grimesaw, Sorati, etc. But then I think about like the impact of both shows with the Arnold Classic 2021. That was kind of the show that really put Nick Walker on the map as a contender at the Olympia. And then the Pittsburgh pro was kind of like the I'm back. I'm still here show for Nick Walker. And I remember talking to Brian Powers, the executive director of the Arnold Classic. And I remember him saying that he thinks the most viral moment in Arnold classic is history or even bodybuilding history. But definitely Arnold Classic history, at least since he's been there, was Nick Walker winning. It was a very big viral impactful moment. And again, I think that's kind of the moment that put Nick Walker on the map. But I think the main reason that that's my favorite look of Nick's is the midsection, the condition. And I just think that if that's going to be the biggest critical point of his physique that people talk about the most, I look at where did it look the best? And to me, it was that show. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. What do you think was Nick Walker's best look of his entire career? And there's no wrong answers. This is totally subjective. This is what, what do you think and why? What looked did you prefer? I would go first the 2021 Arnold, then the 25 Pittsburgh pro. And I think maybe behind that I would put the 2020, I guess it would be 2022 Olympia. I really like the Pittsburgh look. And I think let me know too what you guys think about the coaching situation with Nick and Kyle. I think this is a very complex issue. And I think that it's pretty evident that a lot of people have now turned on Nick because of his decision to leave Kyle and this comes after the split with Matt Jansson. It is a very interesting topic, I think. Because in my opinion, I think Kyle did a really good job with Pittsburgh. And then of course, Nick won New York. In the Olympia, yeah, it wasn't his best look for sure. This year's Olympia was not an ex best look. But two out of the three shows to me were kind of home runs on Kyle's part, on their part together. But let me know what you guys think and why in the comments down below. Make sure you guys like the video, subscribe to the channel, click that bell notification icon if you haven't already and as always. I love you guys. Appreciate you guys. Nick's rank and power signing out. Alright guys, don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to this channel if you enjoy the content. Also check out my Instagram at Nick's strength power. My Facebook page was simply Nick's strength and power. My secondary YouTube channel, Nick's strength and vlogs for vlogs and bonus content that you will not see on this channel. And consider subscribing to my third YouTube channel, Nick's strength and Pokemon, which is all things Pokemon and trading card games completely unrelated to this channel. So if you're into that, give that one a look. And all links to merchandise and social media will be in the description box below if you guys want to Nick's strength and power t-shirt. That will be in the Shopify link below. Have a great day.