Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick time in power. So obviously in the fitness industry, there's going to be a lot of fake stuff. There's going to be a lot of fake followers, photo shot pictures, fake weights, etc. But I've had a lot of people today sending me what I think is one of the most ironic and funniest examples of someone being exposed for photoshopping their pictures. Now this guy in question is a guy named Jamar Pooch. And this is a guy that people have been tagging me on his photo for a long time, suspecting that he was photoshopping his pictures. But I never really cared before. I mean this guy really isn't anybody relevant. But recently he got a new girlfriend. And his girlfriend post pictures of them together on her Instagram. And obviously the girlfriend doesn't photoshop his pictures for him. So the irony of this is she posts his pictures where he looks like a different person than he looks on his Instagram. And people finally made the connection. Oh that's the same guy. He's just photoshopping his pictures. So the girlfriend's Instagram username is Carlo 10V. I'm apparently her name is Carlo 10V. So I think the funny thing about this is really it's kind of the fitness industry's version of that classic meme of pictures you upload versus your tag photos. You always look worse in your tag photos because you don't have the ability to pick that perfect angle, pick that perfect lighting. I'm gonna compose the picture to make yourself look the way you want to look. This is like the perfect example of that meme is the, I mean the girlfriend's Instagram is the tag photos in this situation. This guy clearly caught photoshopping his pictures without a doubt. But I think the most interesting part of this whole thing is that this guy has almost half a million followers on Instagram. And actually, you know the thing is I don't think they're fake followers. This guy actually has a very high engagement on his pictures averaging like 30,000 likes on everything that he posts, which is a pretty high engagement for some of that many followers. So it kind of blows me away and it really goes to show you know how many impressionable people there are out there that do follow fitness Instagrams and fitness YouTube channels. And how people can in fact get away with posting photoshop pictures using fake weights, whatever the case may be, the fake natties stuff as well. And I've said this many times before that's exactly why I don't make fake natties videos because you can't prove you know really empirically whether or not someone's a fake natties really pretty much impossible to prove. So I think those videos are kind of pointless. But I think the photoshop videos are kind of fun because they're very easy to prove. It's very obvious and very evident. This guy's photoshopping his pictures just based on the actual photos of him on his girlfriends Instagram page. But it just really makes you wonder and ask yourself man, it's like what kind of you know how low can your self esteem be? It's like does this guy not have any shame that like he wants to build his entire career in this fitness industry based on his Instagram page of all photos of him that aren't even real. I mean doing a quick scroll through his page pretty much not a single one of these photos looks like it hasn't been tampered with. So this guy has created a completely you know alter ego false image of himself. So personally I just found this to be hilarious. I wanted to share it with you guys. I thought you guys would find it pretty funny too. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Got some entertainment from it. Please give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy it. Hope you guys had a great weekend. Next drink of power. Signing out.