Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video I want to talk about the 2013 Mr. Olympia. Now this was a very significant Mr. Olympia. Number one because it was Jay Cutler's last Olympia ever following his bicep injury. And number two, we got to see the rare treat of Jay Cutler going head to head with Big Rami. This was also Big Rami's first ever Mr. Olympia competition. And Jay Cutler actually ended up beating Big Rami by not one but two placings, Big Rami coming in eighth and Jay Cutler coming in sixth. Now I specifically remember watching the live stream of this Mr. Olympia. I believe it was one of the first Mr. Olympia that I ever watched on live stream. I can remember I was in college and I went over to my buddy's ac you guys might remember Zach from some of the videos that I've done with him in the past. I went over to his apartment on campus and we watched that 2013 Mr. Olympia together. It was the first Olympia we ever watched together. And I remember sitting down and just waiting for Big Rami to come out because we knew Big Rami was going to look amazing. We had seen him already that year as Pro Day View at that 2013 New York Pro. So in 2013 I remember the hype for Big Rami was real. You think the hype right now for Big Rami is big. When Big Rami first hit the scene back in 2013, everybody was talking about this new guy, this new mass monster Big Rami coming to the Olympia and how is he going to do as Olympia debut? I think that's the primary reason we watched it was to see both Rami and Jay. Everyone kind of knew that Phil was going to win again. Phil looked pretty damn good in 2013. I remember sitting there waiting for Rami to come out and when Rami did come out. He was like he was a jaw dropping body but I mean this guy was pretty much everything that the hype was promising he would be. He wasn't the most conditioned version of Big Rami. But again his Olympia debut, he wanted to come in big. He needed to come in big and make a statement. In the physique that he brought in 2013 it made the statement of I am here and I am not messing around. So I think Big Rami actually did look really good in 2013. I mean it was kind of controversial. It was actually really controversial that Jay Cutler ended up beating Big Rami and a lot of people think Jay Cutler was kind of gifted that six place finished because Jay Cutler, while he is one of the best Mr. Olympia's ever he had in 2009, one of the most jaw dropping Olympia physiques I think anybody had ever seen. But 2013 Jay Cutler was a shadow of himself and it's really not through any fault of his own. It was through the fault of the injury. He was going through his divorce around that same time. I believe he said in his interview during the Olympia prep for that 2013 Olympia, his dog also passed away. So divorce, dog passed away, massive bicep injury. He was going through a lot during that Olympia prep and you could really see that on his physique. Now wouldn't say his bicep looked horrible but it was noticeable on stage. And in a lot of the shots against Big Rami, the conditioning and the blockingness is one of the things that stood out about Jay. I'm more a lot of people thought Rami should have beat him. Now one person particular where I think you can make a very strong case for Big Rami here, would be the side chest pose from 2013. I mean look at every single aspect of the physique from the side here. The separation in the legs between the hamstrings and the quads, the tie-in between the glutes and the hamstrings, the delts from the side, the arms from the side. Look at the biceps, look at the triceps, look at the forearms, look at the chest, look at the striations in the chest. Everything on Big Rami looks more conditioned, more separated, bigger, rounder, fuller, younger, just everything about the muscle on Big Rami, specifically from the side. Looks superior to Jay. Now I think from the front you can make a little bit more of an argument for Jay because his quads, while Big Rami did have these massive crazy quads he always has. Jay Cutler had much better separation in his quads, his quads were much more stride, had much more diced. And I think that really made a lot of the front poses for Jay. It gave him the edge there but pretty much in the upper body. I think Big Rami still had Jay. I mean the roundness of the shoulders and that most muscular, the thickness of the pecs, the separation of the abs, and Big Rami, while he's not the most aesthetic guy, he wasn't nearly as blocky as Jay Cutler did appear at that 2013 Mr Olympia. And a lot of people like to say, you know, a guy like Jay, four-time Mr Olympia, had no reason to come back and they would have rather he didn't and just kind of retired on that high note. But I'm actually glad Jay Cutler came back. I mean in this case, I think it was exciting. You had a lot of exciting things about the 2013 Olympia. The day, you have Big Rami, the comeback of Jay Cutler, the Phil and Cigrin rivalry, getting stronger. This would be the second year of Phil Placing, first in Cuy Placing, second. It was just an exciting Mr Olympia. So it's not one of those things where I think Jay Cutler should regret coming back or one of those things that I think put a negative mark on his career if anything. It's a positive for him. He overcame that bicep injury. He overcame that divorce. He overcame, you know, those personal struggles in his life to get on the Olympia stage. And I don't think really that many people expected Jay was going to win. I think Placing Top 6 was a win for Jay Cutler, beating a guy like Big Rami. That was a win for Jay Cutler. And really just making it to the Olympia stage in and of itself was a win for Jay Cutler. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below about Rami versus Jay in 2013. Do you think Jay deserved that six-place spot where do you think Rami deserved it? Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next life in power, signing out.