Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power Zone. This video I want to talk about the 1990 Night of Champions. This particular year's Night of Champions was a very important year for bodybuilding because it was really a show that was really exemplifying the whole giant killer mentality of a smaller guy with better conditioning, better proportions, better symmetry, beating a much larger guy with more muscle mass, but having maybe not the conditioning or maybe not the proportions that these smaller guys had. So in 1990 you had Dorian Yates competing in his very first pro show ever the Night of Champions. So at Dorian's biggest he weighed roughly 265 pounds on stage, but obviously in 1990 we were not seeing the biggest version of Dorian yet. So in 1990 he was probably a lot closer to about 250 pounds on stage, but still significantly out sizing two of the guys that placed on either side of him that night. So Dorian placed second at the 1990 Night of Champions. He lost to a guy by the name of Momo Benaziza. So Momo Benaziza was about 5 foot 2 inches tall or 158 centimeters and he weighed around 185 pounds, typically no more than 187 pounds or 85 kilograms. That's how he earned his nickname, the Killer of Giants, specifically at this 1990 show was where he earned that nickname. So Muhammad Benaziza really made a statement at this 1990 Night of Champions. He had an insane back. He was shredded to the bone, his conditioning was on another level again to the point where he out conditioned a guy that was 70 pounds heavier than him. Even though Dorian was new to the pro scene at this show and this was his first show ever, make no mistake about it. Dorian definitely made a giant statement at this show when people saw how big he was. I'm just the overall potential that this guy had. And Dorian came out of seemingly nowhere, but even with that wow factor in the crazy size that Dorian brought, Muhammad Benaziza was just so good. Dorian cannot beat him. In fact, 1990 Muhammad Benaziza was arguably one of the best versions of Muhammad Benaziza we would see. During that year, he won 5 Grand Prix Competition. He won 5 IFBB Pro Shows and the Knight of Champions. So he won 6 Pro Shows in one year, which is an astounding accomplishment for anybody builder to even win 6 Pro Shows during their entire career. Now unfortunately just two years later after beating Dorian at that 1990 Night of Champions, Muhammad Benaziza would pass away at the age of 33 years old. In the even sadder part about that is that 1992 was also a very good year from Muhammad Benaziza placing second at the Arnold Classic winning 2 Grand Prix and placing 5th at the 1992 Mr Olympia. So while a lot of people may not have heard of Muhammad Benaziza, it's probably because his career was cut so short by that early death because he was on the fast track to doing some great things in bodybuilding. He was a very high place and again, he beat the 6th time Olympia Dorian Yates while his career was still just getting off the ground. But if we go back to that 1999 of Champions for a second and the reason why I call this the show of the giant killers, there's another bodybuilder whose nickname was also the giant killer competing at this show, Danny Padilla. And we saw a very impressive version of Danny Padilla at this show. Now Danny Padilla wasn't even smaller bodybuilder than Muhammad Benaziza standing 5 foot two inches tall and weighing only between 165 pounds and 175 pounds on stage or between 74.8 and 79.4 kilograms. So 175 at his biggest arguably maybe 180 in some cases. But the fascinating thing here was that he almost beat Dorian Yates as well at the 1999 of Champions. So you had Muhammad Benaziza in first, Dorian Yates in second and an extremely impressive Danny Padilla in third at the 1999 of Champions. And a lot of people would even argue that Danny Padilla should have beaten Dorian Yates at that 1999 of Champions. Myself could be included in that group because I think you could make a strong argument for Danny Padilla being second there because I personally believe 1990 Danny Padilla at that night of Champions was one of the best and fullest and roundest Danny Padilla's we had ever seen while maintaining an extremely, you know, just razor crisp conditioning. So could you guys imagine if this mass monster Dorian Yates 250 pounds came out of nowhere and was beaten by two guys weighing under 190 pounds on stage? What a statement that would have been for bodybuilding in terms of, you know, this is what we care about. We care about proportions. We care about symmetry. We care about conditioning. We don't care about, you know, just some giant guy coming out of nowhere and winning just because he's giant. That would have been a massive statement for bodybuilding and it really was. The fact that that guy placed third and then he had Muhammad Mu'awin and Dorian was in between the two was still a pretty big statement of Dorian saying, you know, it's time for you to go back to the drawing board and work on some things and Dorian certainly did that. Because just two years later Dorian would win his first of six Mr Olympia titles, but that would not be the end of Dorian being challenged by a much smaller guy because that same year that Dorian won his first Olympia, you had Leela Brada and third and Sean Ray and fourth. Two guys significantly smaller than Dorian, but still comparing very favorably with Dorian, again speaking to the fact that size isn't everything because we all know Dorian did not have the prettiest physique, but he did have a massive physique and because of that you had guys like Leela Brada and Sean Ray constantly nipping at his heels more so Sean Ray than Leela Brada. Because of course you had Sean Ray placing second to Dorian in 1994, 1996 and third and 1997 behind Nasser and Dorian. So again, throughout Dorian's career even though he was this crazy mass monster, you still had these giant killers coming after him constantly from day one at his pro-day view. And again the funny thing was, man, one of Sean Ray's nicknames was the giant killer as well. So the 1990s was certainly the era of the giant killers and was certainly a good era to be a body builder if you were a smaller guy because at that time judges were rewarding conditioning, proportions, symmetry and they were saying sizes and everything, which is not really what we see so much today with the IFPB or NPC even. They seem to be looking for the much bigger guy and size seems to be a really dominant factor in determining Olympia placing. So the 1990s again, a great era in body building. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the 1990 night of champions. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick strength and power signing out.