Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so you may have seen the viral photos circulating around the internet right now of the White House chef with a parent 24-inch bias up. So this guy's name is Andre Rush, and he's an army veteran with 24-plus years of army experience. And apparently he is actually a cake decorator and an ice sculptor for the White House. And apparently he's been decorating cakes for the White House since about 1997. But of course the interesting thing here isn't the cakes or the ice sculptures. It's the physique of this guy who is kind of an unassuming chef. Now the interesting thing about this guy is he makes several interesting claims here, the first claim, is that he can indeed bench press 700 pounds. So as many of you that follow this board of power lifting already know, the bench press world record for the raw unequipped bench press is 739 pounds worth 335 kilograms. So if it is true that Andre Rush can bench press 700 pounds, he has close to a world record bencher. So if that's true and that's not an exaggeration, that's not just impressive as a number to the general public seeing these articles. That's impressive to the powerlifting community as well. I mean that's a very impressive bench press. The 700-plus pound bench press club is a very very elite group of power lifters. So that would be very impressive. That's true. I did do some searches on it and I couldn't find any official meats where he actually benched 700 pounds in a meat. So it hasn't been confirmed. In an official meat it's not on the books anywhere. I'm assuming he claims that to be a gym lift. Now the second claim made by Andre Rush is another interesting claim because he claims that his arms measure 24 inches around. Now if that is true, he has bigger arms and Arnold Schwarzenegger had by several inches bigger than Ronnie Coleman, bigger than Jay Cutler and on par with current body builders today like a big ramen. Now even Phil Heath who is currently the greatest body builder of modern times, seven time Mr. Olympia going for his eighth Mr. Olympia win this September. Only has an arm measurement of 23 inches. So even the best body builder in the world today, I'm still an inch smaller than the biceps of Andre Rush. Now granted, I'm not going to say that Andre Rush is lying because number one, he's not in competition conditions. So he doesn't have the low level of body fat that a pro body builder would have. And number two, this guy doesn't look small by any means. I mean this guy does look like he has a massive size arms, certainly over 20 inches. But just to give you guys some perspective, a 24 inch arm measurement is no joke. I mean that's bigger than the biggest of the body builders in the pro body building circuit. Now the third and final claim made by Andre Rush that I find to be one of the most extreme claims that he makes. He claims he's 100% natural and has never taken steroids. In an interview he did with the washing Tony in. They asked him if he had ever taken steroids and his response was and I quote, if I had ever taken steroids, I'd hate to see what kind of monster I would be right now. So overall I just thought this was an interesting current event that I saw pop up in my timeline today. So I just wanted to share that with you guys. I thought you might find it interesting that there's a guy working at the White House with an alleged 700 pound bench press in 24 inch arms. Let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Do you think his claims are true? Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in the power signing out.