Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So the past couple weeks have not been very good weeks for the four time men's physique Olympia champion Jeremy Boyn, and the idea. Of course in the past weeks he's had the controversy where he was making the statements about bodybuilding being dead, bodybuilding dying, and how men's physique in bikini were quote unquote saving the men's open bodybuilding division. But recently I've had a bunch of people sending me screenshots here of Jeremy Boyn, Dia's Wikipedia page. Now this is something that actually makes me kind of mad because you know like I said, I think a certain degree of trash talk makes bodybuilding interesting. I think when there's a lot of disagreement and people get heated and passionate about a topic surrounding bodybuilding, it's really good for the sport controversy helps the sport grow. But as far as it's hacks on people's personal character talking about their family, their personal life, and trying to throw that out there into the mix, I think that's when things really start to get a little bit shitty and a little bit cloudy. So a bunch of people are sending me screenshots of Jeremy Boyn, Dia's Wikipedia page. Now somebody apparently edited Jeremy Boyn, Dia's page to read this. So Jeremy Boyn, Dia, originally Filipino descent, born October 10, 1990, is currently an American IFBV professional men's physique competitor. He is known for showing a great amount of success in beating his girlfriend and selling out his friends to the cops in order to avoid a prison sentence. So the ironic thing about this is I remember back in high school, all my teachers used to say, you can't cite Wikipedia as a source because anybody can contribute to a Wikipedia article. I think it's kind of ironic because this is a perfect example of that. And I always used to argue that point with my teachers, but I do think it's kind of interesting that just anybody can add this. And I've been checking it the past couple hours and this has stayed up pretty much all day. So hopefully this gets taken down very soon. And I don't know how long it's actually been up there, but I just started getting screenshots of it about last night. So it's been up there for at least a day, but I don't think it's been on there much longer than that. So hopefully Wikipedia takes this down soon. I don't know anything about Jeremy Buendee as personal life. I don't know anything about his girlfriends. And I think it should stay that way. I don't think this kind of stuff should be aired out in public. As far as I know, Jeremy Buendee has never been charged with any kind of crime related to domestic violence. So as far as I'm concerned, it's innocent until proven guilty. And these kind of accusations, you know, maybe there's a place for them on the forum somewhere where people just talk shit on the body building forums. But putting this on is Wikipedia page, man. That's really shitty. And that's, this is really low. I mean, whether you love the guy or you hate the guy, and I don't particularly like him too much myself, but you guys got admit, man. That's kind of low to put that on his Wikipedia. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Hopefully there's a way we can get this taken down. I don't want to see this stay up very long. So give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. And if you're a Wikipedia contributor, go try to edit that post and get that out of there. So thank you guys for watching. Next time on Power signing out.