Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's Time to Power. So we've got a guess posing here from William Bonac, who took third at the 2017 Mr. Olympia. And we are about 10 weeks out from the 2018 Mr. Olympia. I'm comparatively speaking, I would say William Bonac in this guess posing condition. It's one of the best condition guys. At this point in his Olympia prep compared to what I've seen even from Phil Heath, Big Romney, Dexter Jackson. William Bonac appears to be an amazing shape already and he still has over 10 weeks to go. So I think a lot of people are underestimating William Bonac and people are getting caught up in, you know, the Phil Heath versus Big Romney situation with all the progress pictures leaked of Big Romney even though William Bonac came very close to actually beating Big Romney last year. And people get caught up and thinking, well, maybe Kyle will come back and Kyle will be the number one threat. But I think honestly, William Bonac is a huge threat to that top three. This is a guy that, you know, Phil and Romney need to look out for. I think based on this guess posing here, you know, William Bonac came to play. He's not messing around. It looks like, you know, he's going to be in shape at the Olympia and an in shape William Bonac is a guy that a lot of these guys should be afraid of. A lot of these guys have a tendency to come in off when the conditioning starts to slip, when the midsection starts to slip. That's when a guy like William Bonac that comes in with good conditioning, that's when they really move up. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about how William Bonac is looking. I just wanted to make sure I gave William Bonac some equal coverage here. Since everyone was talking about the progress pictures of Big Romney and the progress pictures of Phil Heath, let's not forget William Bonac took third last year and you could have made an argument for him taking second. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick Schreiff and Power signing out.