Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick trying to power us on this video. I want to talk about a bodybuilder named Riegen Grimes. I'm sure a lot of you guys already know who he is. So he had been training out in Kuwait at Oxen Gym for a while now and he had recently left and after he left, he also announced that he would be dropping down from men's open bodybuilding to compete in classic physique. So he recently announced that his next show is going to be the New York pro. So the big question on everybody's minds is will he be competing in classic physique division at the New York pro in 2018? Now Riegen recently posted a picture at six weeks out from the New York pro where he said his weight is still 265 pounds. Now the important thing to remember about classic physique is that it goes by height and it goes by weight. So there are weight restrictions up to certain heights. Now I believe Riegen would be competing in the six foot to six foot one weight class, but he could possibly be competing in the over six foot, one weight class, which is six foot one to six foot two. So if he were to do the six foot to six foot one height and weight class, his weight would be limited to 230 pounds. And if he were to do the six foot one to six foot two weight class, his weight would be limited to 240 pounds. Now I'm pretty sure he's not six foot two to six foot three. But he is a taller bodybuilder. But if he were six foot two to six foot three, his weight would still be limited to 247. So I think in all likelihood he's going to be in that six foot to six foot one. And that weight cap is again 230 pounds. So he is currently about 35 pounds away from making that weight cap. 25 pounds from making the next highest weight cap. So the question is, is he even going to be able to fit down into this category? Now classic physique is certainly set up in a way that it does benefit the taller bodybuilder, because they can't have a little bit more muscle mass on their frame, because the weight is increased exponentially. And since he is a taller bodybuilder, he then has that advantage going into classic physique. But the question is, as six weeks out, is 265 pounds too heavy for him to make it in the classic physique. I'll be honest with you guys. I think Greg and Grimes has an amazing physique. It's probably even better suited for the classic physique division. If he's able to get his weight down to that point, I mean, he's got a great line. He's got a great V-taper. It's upper body and lower body are both on point. He's really a guy that has very few weaknesses, and he's a younger guy that has a lot of room to improve. So if his goal is really to stop competing and men's open and go ahead and compete in classic physique, I think that's certainly something he would excel at again with the caveat that he's able to make that weight limit. So I'm hoping for his sake that he's going to do the six foot one to six foot two. I thought he was about six foot one, so it could be either or. But if he does the six foot one to six foot two, I could certainly see him dropping 25 pounds over the next six weeks to be under 240. I could see him doing that. But 230 pounds, if he's really trying to go for that weight class, I just really don't see dropping 35 pounds in six weeks. That's number one being healthy and number two, how is that going to impact his physique? And number three, is that even possible? Because again, in the photo that you can see of him at six weeks out, he doesn't look extremely lean. He still has a significant amount of water weight and or fat. So there's definitely some weight to be lost there. But is it 35 pounds in six weeks? That is the main question. So personally, I think he'd be does choose the do classic physique and he's able to make the weight class. This is going to be a division where I think Reg and Grimes is going to be extremely successful. And personally, I think he made the right call. He said he had some health concerns with his family, a family history of health concerns. And that's why he didn't want to pursue men's open. He felt he was getting too big. I'm pushing things to a point where it might hinder his health a little bit. So I think that's certainly the smart decision to make and dropping weight. I think it's always going to be the smarter and healthier decision to make. And that's where I think classic physique is going to be a perfect division for guys like Reg and that are both. You know, they have the potential to be very successful as a men's open body builder. But let's say they don't want to push their body to the unhealthy extremes. You know, that really they have to push to because the bar has been set that high in terms of overall size and men's open. It's really something that you have to do if you want to be successful. And then you have this division in classic physique where you don't have to push the limit as hard. And you can still have an amazing physique. But maybe not have, you know, that extra 30 or 40 pounds of muscle that you might have to have in men's open to be successful. So I wish all the best for Reg and Grimes. I think he's going to do very, very well in classic physique again. If you can make that weight limit. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think it's possible for him to make either the 230 or 240 pound weight cap in classic physique? Being that he is 265 right now at six weeks out from the New York pro. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Thank you guys for watching the video and please give a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next strength and power signing out.