Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power. I'm going to talk about the current defending champion in classic physique at the Mr. Olympia and that is going to be Breon Ainsley. So Breon is the 2017 classic physique Olympia champ. And a lot of times when I talk about the upcoming classic physique Olympia in 2018, I don't really mention Breon so much. I mention a lot of the new guys that are up and coming and seem to have very impressive physique. So what did I talk about in this video a little bit of the reason for that? And why I'm so excited about the up and comeers and not as excited about Breon Ainsley and the potential of him defending his title. Now first and foremost, I think Breon has an incredible physique. I think he is a very impressive classic physique Mr. Olympia. He's got great legs. He's got a very detailed physique. His conditioning at the 2017 Olympia. I think it was phenomenal. He's got great arms, his bicep peaks in particular. I'm really enhanced a lot of his poses from the front. Now that being said, I think classic physique is going to be a division similar to women's physique. When women's physique first came out, there's a lot of changing of the champions. They weren't really sure. What exactly the look was that they were looking for? If you guys remember, Dana Lynn Bailey won one of the years. I think her physique was a completely different look than some of the champions that you would see in the future such as Julianna Malacarne. I think her and Dana have two very very different physique. I think that was a result of, you know, them really trying to figure out what they wanted from that division. Now classic physique being so new and what we've seen so far between Danny Hester winning the first ever classic physique Olympia in 2016. And then Brianna winning in 2017. I think Brianna and Danny have incredibly different physique. So what that tells me is the standard of judging has changed from 2016 to 2017 as they continue to nail down what the ideal classic physique is that they're looking for in this division, in this category. I think we're going to see that continue to change as we see better and better up and coming classic physique's enter this division. Now one of the people that I talk about a lot is Chris Bumster. Now Chris Bumster is a guy that I honestly believe it's not if it's win this guy wins the Mr. Olympia. This guy is going to win the classic physique, Mr. Olympia, in my book, no matter what. He's got the perfect structure for classic physique. It's a guy that's insanely conditioned. He's very complete. One of the craziest vacuum poses in that division. But more importantly, he has one of the craziest front last spreads in that division. And for that reason, I think the front last spread is one of the most dangerous poses in classic physique. And one of the most important poses in classic physique as well, because it most emphasizes that V-taper and that X-frame structure, which I think Chris has almost nailed down perfectly. And Chris Bumster was second at last year's Olympia, but I think Chris and Brianna, again, are two guys with very different physique. I think they're really not similar at all, honestly. And I think for that reason, Chris and Brianna being one and two last year, I think that was the judge's kind of saying, okay, we don't really know yet, which one of these two physique, we prefer for classic physique. But we're going to go with Brianna this year. I think this year is going to be different. I think Chris Bumster, they're going to realize this guy has one of the perfect frames, perfect structures for classic physique. And he's going to end up winning. Now, of course, you do have a lot of up-and-comers in this division. You've got Steve Lourius who recently said he's skipping the 2018 Mr. Olympia. You've of course got Regan Grimes, who was a former men's open bodybuilder that has the last minute decided to jump into classic physique at the New York pro. And then, of course, you've got my 2017 Mr. Golden era in Wesley Visters. But honestly, I think of all these up-and-coming guys, the guy with the best chance of winning the 2018 Mr. Olympia is not bring on. It's not Wesley. I think it's Chris Bumster. Now again, this is nothing against Brianna. He does have an incredible physique, but I think there's too many weaknesses. And I'm going to just physique such as the chest. I think his chest could come up a lot. And while Brianna does have a pretty good V-Taper, I think Chris Bumster has an even better V-Taper. I think Chris Bumster has slightly better legs and a slightly better back than Brianna. But of course, Brianna does beat him in their guard of he has much better arm development. I think that's very important for classic, especially in poses like the victory pose, which is a very important classic pose. But personally, I think this year we're going to see the best Chris Bumster that we've ever seen. We're probably going to see a very good Brianna as well. And it's going to be a tough battle. But at the end of the day, I think Chris Bumster is going to take the title in 2018. Let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you think Brianna, and Zlee, will be able to retain his title in 2018. Please let me know in the comment section. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Thanks for your time.