Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's on the power, so I've seen a lot of speculation about Kairin potentially competing in the 2018 Olympia. Now all of this speculation and all these videos that I've seen thus far are all based on the interview that Kairin did at the 2018 Arno Classic, where essentially he says in that interview he has never retired from bodybuilding and he'll see what 2018 holds as far as competing. So he never actually confirmed, yes I'm doing the Olympia in that interview and a lot of the videos that I've seen are kind of spinning that interview as to you know that the interview basically said he is doing the Olympia. So here's what he actually said. Are we going to see a return to you on the competitive stage? Well it's very, very possible right now. I'm very, very excited. I think they want to get the thumbs up. I'm not facing it. I think you're very, very much. Yeah, you know what? I've never stopped bodybuilding and I've definitely not retired. You know 2018 looks a little interesting. We'll see how that turns out. So based on what he said in that interview, that is not confirmation to me that he is doing the 2018 Olympia although I'm sure a lot of us and a lot of you guys would love to see him compete in the 2018 Olympia myself included. I would love to see Kairin compete in 2018. But here's why I don't think he is. Kairin is not qualified yet to compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia just because you play second at the Mr. Olympia in the past. It does not qualify you for life to compete at the Mr. Olympia in the future. So here's how you qualify for the 2018 Mr. Olympia. You either have had to have placed top five at last year's Mr. Olympia or 2017. You have to win a pro show or become top three in the point standing. So you earn points even if you don't want to show it and you compete in a bunch of shows, you can still qualify based on points placing within the top five at any of those shows. You can earn points including the Arnold Classic Australia, Pittsburgh, Pro, New York, Pro, Tampa, Pro, Pro, Toronto, Pro, Chicago, Pro. Any of those shows which have been happening right now and are happening throughout the summer. So right now this is really the peak of the body building competitive season. This is where everybody is trying to qualify for the Olympia. And Coy Green would have to be doing that just like everybody else is doing that. Coy Green would have to be competing in this qualification series to either win a show or compete in a bunch of shows and qualify based on points. So as we know Coy Green did not do the 2017 Olympia so he cannot qualify based on that. He did not do the Arnold Classic so he didn't get any points for that. He did not do the New York Pro or the Arnold Classic Australia so he did not get any points from those. The Toronto Pro is another show that just happened this weekend where you can earn points are qualified by winning and he obviously did not do that show as well. So the opportunities for Coy Green to qualify for the Olympia which is coming up in September just a few months away now are becoming very, very slim. There's only a couple more shows coming up between now and September. You have the Chicago Pro and the Vancouver Pro which are both in July. I think both of those are opportunities for him to qualify. And then there's not really any major shows in August and then September obviously you have the Olympia beginning on September 14th. So I think if Coy Green were going to compete in qualify he would have done a bigger show possibly like the New York Pro, the Cali Pro, the Toronto Pro or even the Arnold Classic if he were trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia. The Chicago Pro in Vancouver Pro are both still options but I think Coy Green is a little bit higher caliber of a competitor than doing it of those two shows but he still might it's still a possibility because he is you know year around he seems to be in pretty good shape. I'm still you know actively body building year round but aside from those two more opportunities coming up I don't know if we're going to see Coy Green at the Mr. Olympia stage because the only other option if he does not compete to qualify would be that he gets a special invitation and we know he got a special invitation a few years back and turned it down. So I don't think the IFB is going to be too willing to hand out another special invitation considering the fact that he did turn down that last one although I'm sure they see the money in offering him a special invitation because obviously everybody all the body building fans want to see Coy Green compete obviously he's one of the most popular I'm in most followed body builders in the sport so I know they know they would stand to make money so I guess it would be a possibility that they could offer him another special invitation but I think the odds of that happening are very very slim. I don't think Coy Green would want a special invitation I think Coy Green would want to qualify on his own merits of winning a show or on points or whatever the case may be. I don't think Coy Green wants to be handed the opportunity to compete at the Mr. Olympia I think Coy Green is the type of guy that wants to earn it. Now that being said Coy Green did hint that he might compete in 2018. Now just because he doesn't compete in the 2018 Mr. Olympia doesn't mean he still doesn't have the opportunity to compete in the year 2018 there's still a lot of shows following the Mr. Olympia that he could compete in including shows like the Prague Pro which Coy Green has done in the past so even if he doesn't do the Mr. Olympia there's still a small window for him to compete after the Mr. Olympia but as far as the qualification series is concerned and shows in the competitive season leading up to the Mr. Olympia that window is rapidly closing for Coy Green even though back in March he said he maybe wanted to compete in 2018 that was in March we're now in June the competitive season is starting to quickly wrap up so let me know what you guys think in the comment section below do you think we're going to see Coy Green on an IAPB stage in 2018 and what do you think that stage will be do you think it will be the Mr. Olympia do you think he's going to get another special invitation or do you think he's going to never do the Olympia again but maybe compete here and there at an Arnold Classic or a bigger show like the New York Pro Chicago Pro Prague Pro Toronto Pro a show like that more fitting for Coy Green so let me know what you guys think in the comment section below and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it next time of the power signing out.