Alright, what's going on you guys, Nick here with Nick's on the Power. So in this video we're going to talk about the three most career impacting body-building injuries of 2018. So starting with Jeremy Boyne Dia in the number three spot. So Jeremy Boyne Dia is a three-time men's physique Olympia champion. And recently he suffered a pectair towards the end of 2017. And out of that pectair came a lot of photos and videos of Jeremy Boyne Dia looking significantly downsized almost to the point where he looked like a natural bodybuilder. Leaving many people to speculate that this pectair could have dramatically impacted his possibility to repeat at the Olympia this September. However based on the photos he's been posting recently on social media it appears that Jeremy Boyne Dia has made a significant amount of progress towards recovering from that injury. And he no longer looks how he looked towards the beginning of getting out of the hospital and getting back in the gym. He looks more like his old self now. He doesn't look so much like he's going to be held back by this injury, but only time will tell and we will see in September if this pectair suffered by Jeremy Boyne Dia will impact his ability to win the Olympia again in 2018. Now coming in the number two spot we have probably the biggest name on this body-building list and that would be Dexter Jackson. Dexter Jackson at the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia suffered from a clear bicep injury going into that show. Now the 2018 Arnold Classic Australia was actually won by Roli Winkler. However a lot of people were expecting Dexter Jackson to win that show after his showing at the 2018 Arnold Classic in Columbus, Ohio, where he narrowly placed second to William Boenack. Again, the way that this impact that is placing in the Arnold Australia led a lot of people to believe this was going to impact his placing in September at the Mr. Olympia. If you're not able to fully overcome this injury, however he's been posting again on social media, looking like that bicep has healed completely and the injury has taken care of itself. So again, time will tell at the Olympia in September if Dexter Jackson will be able to overcome this career impacting injury. Now taking the number one spot on this list, this should be no surprise to anybody and that is Kalimvan Mogger. So Kalimvan Mogger has had terrible luck recently in terms of injury. So of course we all know about the bicep injury that he suffered in 2017, where he attempted to joint curl 405 pounds with classic physique Olympia runner-up Chris Bumsta. Now of course this was a terrible idea. I don't know how they expected it to end, but it ended with him tearing his bicep. As a result, there are a lot of pictures that surface the pin with his bicep significantly atrophied in comparison to the other bicep. Now shortly after that in 2018, he would actually suffer from another major injury and that would be a quad-terre when he was attempting to repel off of a cliff. So this is a very significant injury for Kalim because he was on the road to competing in classic physique in the iFBB chasing after that pro-card and then chasing after that Olympia qualification, which would have really defined his career as a competitive bodybuilder had he made it into the iFBB as a pro, which honestly I think if he had not gotten injured, he had a really good shot of becoming a pro-classic physique competitor and a really good shot of qualifying for the Olympia. But these two injuries have halted his career more than anybody else on this list and that's why he takes the number one spot. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below about the injuries in this list. Thank you guys for watching and please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Nick's trying to power, signing out.