Alright, what's going on, you guys? Nick here with Nick on the Power. I wanted to talk about something in this video that I've never really addressed in a video before. That is Photoshop within the fitness industry. I've seen this a couple times on Instagram and it always blows my mind. The fact that people think that nobody realizes their Photoshop and their pictures. In fact, they think it looks natural, the fact that they think it looks normal for them, the Photoshop, their pictures. Like nobody's going to notice, I just think the whole thing is just ridiculous and super vain and it's just stupid. So today I was scrolling through my Instagram feed and I follow a BPI sports nutrition, their supplement company. And they reposted a picture from one of their BPI sponsored athletes. So I looked at that photo and right off the bat, I said to myself, that looks really, really suspect. So this is the photo that you're looking at here. Some guy that I've never heard of is real, is male, Martinez. But just looking at the photo, I'm just knowing what a real arm looks like and not knowing what his arm really looks like. I just knew, you know, there's something off about this photo. So I'm looking through the comments there and I don't see anybody saying Photoshop. I'm like, there's no way that no one notices this guy's photoshopping his arms. I mean, his arm is bigger than his freaking head in this picture. So I clicked on his profile to see what was going on. So I scrolled through his Instagram and I found a picture of him actually flexing his BPI set that looked unedited. So it looks like this whole editing pictures thing is something that he started doing recently. So in this picture you can clearly tell, he hasn't done any editing to his BPI sets. But let's go ahead and jump back to the suspicious looking photo in boom. All of a sudden you've got a BPI set that's like six inches bigger and the photo was posted just a couple days later. I mean, guys, this is just ridiculous. So this guy's most recent picture, he's doing kind of a side BPI set pose. And his arm looks kind of suspicious there. There looks to be some bending on the lettering above his shoulder there. If you look very closely, it looks like the letters are a little bit distorted. So that kind of looked like there's a filter on that. So I scrolled down just a little bit more and found a photo of his arm. I was looking normal and again, put these side by side and you can clearly see a massive difference between these two pictures of his arms. He's clearly photoshopping his pictures. And again, this guy isn't the only guy doing this. I've seen other guys, lots of other guys doing this. I wanted to bring this to you guys as attention. I'm just a ridiculousness of the industry in some cases where people are so desperate to get a sponsorship or people are so desperate to get attention. People just want to get noticed so badly. I don't even photoshop themselves. You know, becoming something that they aren't even because they want the approval and respect of others for something that's not even really them. I mean, the whole thing is just kind of psychotic and ridiculous. The whole mindset behind it. They want attention so badly. But the attention that they're getting is for something that's not even real. It's not even them. The whole thing just blows my mind. I mean, social media has done such amazing things for the sport. In terms of giving fans accessibility to their favorite athletes. I mean, any pro body builder you guys can name. I'm just pretty much on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, whatever. For you fans to, you know, get constant updates on what they're doing in their lives. Send them messages interact with them, talk to them. It's much, much better than back in the day where you only had magazine. You had to wait months to get your information. So in that regard, social media has been a great thing for body building. There's things like this. The fake weights. The guys taking crazy amounts of synth all. And now the guys photoshopping their pictures. I mean, this is the stuff that brings out the negative side of the fitness industry that makes people think, all of everyone involved in this is just a bunch of super vein, self absorbed borderline psychotic, just assholes, really. Now putting some filters on your picture is one thing. But taking, you know, literally going into Photoshop and changing the shape of your body. I mean, this is, it just blows my mind. So let me know what you guys think in the comment section below. Do you guys think he's photoshopping his pictures? And my opinion he clearly is, please give the video a thumb up if you enjoyed it. Next drink and power signing out.