Alright, what's going on you guys? Nick here with Nick's time to power. So I've got an interesting topic of debate for you guys. So last night on Instagram, Phil Heath's girlfriend posted a video showing all of Phil Heath's sandout trophies and medals. In the caption of this video, was I keep seeing fellow Olympia winners of other divisions, calling themselves a Mr. Olympia of their division. I'm going to help you all out. This is what Mr. Olympia gets for winning the Mr. Olympia competition. If you're not an open-class bodybuilder, winning the Mr. Olympia open-heavyweight division, then you are not Mr. O. So if you compete at the Mr. Olympia in September and you win your division, that just means you're the champion of that division. You're not Mr. Olympia and if you think you are, I kindly suggest you go check your trophy wall. If a sandout isn't there, then it should help you with the confusion of using that title that isn't yours. It's disrespectful to my man's hard work and the 12 other Mr. Olympias who stood on that stage. The comments on this post are turned off and this isn't up for discussion or debate. Well, I disagree with that part because the comments are on in this video and I want you guys to debate this in the comment section below. Now the reason why I found this interesting is because it only applies to really four other men out there. You got Flex Lewis who is the five time to 12 Olympia champion. You've got Brianna Andesley who is the current Classic physique Olympia champion and you also have Danny Hester who won the Classic physique Olympia last year. And finally the person who this is probably directed at is Jeremy Boindia who is currently the four time men's physique Olympia champion. Now even though this is probably directed at Jeremy because he has the most or he's been in the middle of the most controversy lately, it does really apply to all four of these men. She guys might be a little surprised with my opinion here because I do actually agree with her to an extent. There's only one division at the Olympia competition that is competing for the Mr. Olympia title. That's not really up for debate. There's only one division where you win that title. There's only one Mr. Olympia title and that goes to the winner of men's open body building. It's been that way since 1965. That is the Mr. Olympia. Technically speaking, every other category at the Mr. Olympia is just a division at the Olympia. If you win Classic physique, you won Classic physique at the Olympia. You didn't become Mr. Olympia, you won Classic physique at the Olympia. If you win men's physique, you win men's physique at the Olympia. None of those divisions are being earned the title of Mr. Olympia. That's just how it is. So from a technical standpoint, she's right. Nobody else is earning that title of Mr. Olympia. However, I will disagree that when these guys say, I am the 2012 Mr. Olympia or I am the Classic physique Mr. Olympia or I'm the men's physique Mr. Olympia. If they call themselves Mr. Olympia, but specify which category they won. I don't really see a problem with that. I don't think that's disrespectful at all. Especially when you're trying to explain it to the general public or the mainstream. I won my division at the Mr. Olympia. Doesn't sound quite as good as I'm the Classic physique Mr. Olympia. However, there are a couple guys that she could be referring to, including Jeremy Boyndia, that I have seen refer to themselves as simply Mr. Olympia. No other title, no other explanation, no men's physique, no Classic physique. I am Mr. Olympia or Mr. Olympia in their bio. And that actually does include both Classic physique Mr. Olympia. They both have that in their bio as well. They don't have Classic physique Olympia. They just have Mr. Olympia. Now even though I do slightly agree with Shari here, I do want to play Devil's Advocate. So women's bodybuilding, female bodybuilding. They're used to only be one Miss Olympia. And that was the winner of the female bodybuilding division at the Olympia. That's how it always was up until female bodybuilding went away. The guys might remember Dana Lynn Bailey when she won the Olympia. Everybody called her Miss Olympia. No one had a problem with it. Everyone referred to Dana Lynn Bailey as Miss Olympia. However, she didn't win the female bodybuilding division. She won the Women's Physique Division. So I just wanted to throw that into conversation before everyone's like, oh, that's just disrespectful and dumb. I want to remind everybody that I've seen pretty much everybody calling Dana Lynn Bailey Miss Olympia. And no one was complaining about her taking that title. When technically female bodybuilding is the only division that was supposed to get that title. So let me know what you guys think in the comments section below. Please give this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it. Next time in power, signing out.