I can't explain why I shot and no one else I think everybody shines and different things. And a lot of things I can't do I can't play basketball and every other black person in the matter. You were at one point when we came on the bench and ran to the airport? I call it Gerogas. That's when people look at pizza and they might get something. They don't know why they do it, but they do. Whenever I do good or bad, I just got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. So now that I'm out of the zone, I don't mind on the folky brush and people don't like what I say. It's a good idea. I'm just happy I'm not feeling it. I want when they see me, they know that every day when I'm breathing, it's forced to go far. Every time I speak I want to shoot the camera. Every time I speak I want to shiver. I don't want them to be like they know what I'm going to say because it's polite. They know what I'm going to say. And even if I'm getting a trouble, I'm saying that ain't that what we're supposed to do. It's not saying I'm going to rule the world or I'm going to change the world. But I can't tell you that I will spark the brain that will change the world. And that's our job. It's the spark somebody else watching us. It got me the breath of turning what I use. I see myself changing the world. Because my thought parents are so opposite to us, the Lord. So I have to change the world or I have to change my world. Everybody's been pissed. When you work a nine to five, you're going to work for yourself. You're getting pissed on my son. That's not the cry. The cry of his son along your life is up to you, Pan. You have to come up. Everything is going to be stopped in the bottom of the clock. I've never got a chance to be studying acting with great teachers and fine-tune my cry. I've never even been able to control myself into the streets and lines of experiences as a kid. So now that I have my opportunity now to relax, I'll tell you how to work on your cry. I have so many things to draw from and it makes it even comfortable. Now I wasn't doing another thing, it's just like hobby. Now I'm an actor and I don't want to be about to take that fun. We only got two weeks to do this whole life. To plead it. To make sure that it has nothing. We don't have time or the luxury to spend all this time doing one song. We don't have it. I did my whole life three songs a day. We got to stand up at some point and just stop stuttering. Like, since it's always just says, I give a maximum plus. Stop stuttering, stop me buckling and just say what you mean. It's saying loud. So everybody here, you call it a big wrong one. But all this coward and Ryan fell behind the speaker's back. Who got to come out there and we got to say, I know patients that anybody doesn't know. That's too hard out here. I have no feet. I have only ambition and I won't mind and I wouldn't do anything to protect and feed my family. I don't want anybody to follow me whatsoever. I don't want to on me. But I want to do it to believe it. To pop your life has been marred by considerable pain. Do you think you'll ever get to the point where you can live a normal happy life? No. But I have to make the life that I do live as happy as I can and try to do the best with what I have. We could do anything. We can do that. Not my saying this. I got to say this is not black or since white. When I say we, it's the good, the good evil. Because when I'm talking about we could take anything we can have anything because of the belongs to you. If you're white and you got good on your side, I really truly believe that nothing can stop you.