But I want you to know that while they're getting the diamonds and the millions, there are a lot of people around the world for them, it is the worst of times. The best of times and the worst of times. That's called serious matter. How comes such a difference from those who can reach such incredible heights? Those who haven't yet found the answers for their life and their health and their future. We just have to ponder that and let that give us a note of seriousness, a note of serious. It's serious whether you win or lose. It's serious whether you succeed or fail. It's serious whether you've got a good future carved out for yourself or you do not. These are serious matters. Matters of the heart, or serious. Matters of income, or serious. Matters of supporting your family. Seriously. Are you serious? Why? We've got a serious matter here to discuss. We haven't come with the latest 10 stories. We've come with a serious matter and I want you to take on that serious tone. You've got some serious products that answer a serious need out there in the market list. I'm asking you to take your own future serious. What you can do for your family, take it serious. This is serious business. So that's the first thing I want to bring to you. To have the best year ever this year. So that you can say, I made my best to find this contribution to see that goal reached. Not just for the figure, but for all the figure represents for the healing, represents for the restoration of broken lives that represents. And people that are curious about their life and their chances now, in terms on a new road for all that represents. We're willing to make the studies, we're willing to make the commitment, we're willing to do the learning, and find better ways to choose the words, find better ways to reach inside, get heart and soul, mix it all together, and make an impact on people. But here's the best motivation we've got going. The proof of our success. When we bring our success stories to this platform, that's enough motivation. When we bring our dedication and let it show, we let the work of our hands show, that's the motivation we want. Right? Not just excited, just excited when a long one won't do it. Just because you've listened to those million-earth tapes one time, it's no sign you've got it. I'm asking you to listen to them over and over and over. I'm asking you to dedicate yourself to a new level of learning. You know, study, learn, grow, change, develop. Never let it be said you didn't learn. Right? If you want to solve your problems, you've got to learn. If you want to take advantage of an opportunity, you've got to learn. Develop your own personal philosophy here. Philosophy, major determining factor in how your life works out. Each person's philosophy is like the set of the sale. The same wind blows on us all. The difference in where we arrive at the end of the week, at the end of the month, at the end of the year is not the wind that blows. And the wind is blowing around the world. The world is in solution. Things aren't a changing. The walls have come down. All kinds of things that are happening in Russia tonight, today the winds are blowing. But what's going to make the major difference? Each person's personal philosophy that sets a better sale, sets a better sale. So don't ask for a more favorable wind. That's like wishing something that's not going to occur. Don't ask for a better seat in soil. All you got is what's available. Don't curse what you got. On this planet all we got is the seed, the tear, the soil, the tear, the miracle of life, the tear, the opportunity, the tear, the seasons that are here. That's all we got. Whatever you've come from in your country, the economy you got, that's all you got. In America, our economy, that's all we got. The government, that's all we got. The marketplace, that's all we got. Whatever you do, don't criticize all you got. The key is to set a better sale and turn what you've got into the miracle of your future. Don't wish it was easier. Wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems. Wish for more skills. Might go home and set a whole new pace for yourself and we call it cleaning up neglect. Should walk around the block, could walk around the block for your good health. Don't walk around the block. See you're on the wrong track. Should read, could read, don't read on the wrong track. Should call, could call, don't call on the wrong track. Could change, should change, don't change. You're on the wrong track. Letters you haven't written conversations you haven't had with your family. Somebody you should sit down with when you get back home, get that job done. Don't let in neglect. Destroy your days, destroy your life and destroy your future. Go back and do what you can. And if you'll do what you can, then life will give you some extraordinary things to do. Do you start first with the smallest of disciplines and do not neglect them and do not disregard them as being trifling. Everything matters. Everything's important. All disciplines affect each other. In fact, here's a good philosophical phrase. If you haven't thought of it before, here it is. Everything affects everything else. It's so easy to be casual and say, well, this doesn't matter. I'm telling you everything matters. Of course, some things matter more than others, but there isn't anything that doesn't matter. If you'll be faithful, if you'll be disciplined when the amounts are small, we'll make you a ruler, give you a position of authority when the amounts are many. Stay care of your disciplines when the amounts are small. And then life will see two of that you get some extraordinary numbers to work with, like you saw the stories displayed here. Do not disregard the smallest of disciplines. Let us not neglect. Do not neglect the smallest of disciplines. And build on that foundation. And you can have everything you could possibly want. You see, well, what can I do about the upcoming winters in my life? The challenge is that I know I'm going to face. Here's what you can do. You can get wiser and stronger and better. Just make a list of that trio of words. Wiser, stronger and better. Go home smarter than you came. Go home with more ideas than you came with. Next, get stronger. You can develop the muscle. You can develop the courage muscle. You can develop the inspiration muscle. You can develop the dedication muscle. You can get stronger. There's anybody here that can't get stronger. Next time we see you, may not even recognize you. How strong you're going to be able to become in language, style, personality, ability to cope, ability to handle with anything that happens no matter what happens. The key is not to wish for a better winter. The key is to wish for more strength, more wisdom, more courage, get better, get wiser, get stronger. And you've got to learn not only to nourish your values, you've got to learn to do battle with your enemies. Whatever threatens you, I'm asking you to threaten it back. Take care of your responsibility. Don't take anything off anybody. Somebody wants to destroy your chances for a good future by their negative top, negative thinking, putting it all down and telling you. Walk away if you have to. Walk away. Whatever threatens you, threaten it back. Whatever threatens your opportunity, threaten it back. Now, some of our enemies are on the outside. But here's the most important thing to understand. Some of our enemies are on the inside. Let me give you a quick list in difference. You've got to do battle with your own in difference. Boy, it's easy to coast. Especially if you've accomplished something in oak, Jordanary now. So this is, I've got to relax. Here's the key. Not too long. The weeds will take all your plan if you rest too long. Don't rest too long. In decision, you've got to make those decisions. The ones who don't turn out to be good, gives you experience to make better decisions. Don't let much time go by without making some decisions. The ones that you can make quickly, make them quickly. The ones that take time, take your time, but get those decisions made. Don't let in decision be an enemy rob you of the future, empty your bank account. Leave you with zero in the purse. Don't let that happen. The next one is doubt. Sure there's doubts on the outside. People doubt that America is going to make it. People doubt that Europe is going to make it. People doubt that Russia is going to make it. The Poland is going to make it. The Czechoslovakia is going to make it. They doubt the whole world is going to make it. But I'm asking you not to pick up all those doubts. I'm asking you to have some faith. Have some courage. Believe, drive your doubts into a small corner. Don't let them lose like a mad dog. Drive you into a small corner. Don't doubt the future. Don't doubt the possibilities. Don't doubt the extraordinary gifts that your distributors bring to your organization. Don't doubt that. Here's the most important one of all. Don't doubt yourself. If I've got miracle working power to change my life, so do you. If I've got the ability to change, so do you. If I've got the ability to read, so do you. If I can discover, so can you. If I can grow, you can grow. If I can grow, you can grow.