Why do you want to work out? What is your goal? The most important thing is that you have a vision. Did you have a goal? Because without that vision without that goal again you drifting around, you're never going to end up anywhere. People don't become successful, just by accidents. You know, I mean, maybe the guy that found Gordon, California, and started the goal rush, but don't count on that. That's one in a lifetime kind of a situation. So you've got to really have a specific order to me to have that vision that I want to be Mr. Universe. They don't want to be the greatest party builder of all time. That was a great vision and that specifically to look like Rich Mark and to be up the other stage and to lift the trophy overhead and to win the championship over and over and over again. So that was a great goal. You have to have a goal. Now it doesn't have to be that specific goal, but it has to have some goal. This is why I always recommend to people sit down, take your time, and say, thinking about why do you want to work out? What is your goal? And then it can be as crazy as this. It could be, you know, I want to impress girls. If that's your goal, so be it, but it motivates you. It could be that you're emulating a certain, you know, bodybuilder or a certain football player, a certain box of whatever it is. Have those pictures put all over the wall like I did when I was a kid. I put pictures of Rich Park and of Sonny Listen, of the boxes and of Ali and of Power Lifters and weightlifters all over my bedroom, you know, a wall. So that every day when I go to sleep, every day when I wake up, I look at those pictures and they motivate me. You need that motivation and therefore you have this kind of imprint in front of you all the time and you know exactly what you're chasing. People always come up to me, this is why I use smiling, you're working at five hours a day, you're doing the same as the other guys, but the other guys have a sour face, they're pissed off that they have to do another rep or another set or something. I looked forward to, I looked forward to another thousand reps of sit ups. I looked forward to another 500 pounds of leg brace or squat. I looked forward to more and more curls and the arms fall off. Why? Because I knew that every rep that I did and every set that I did and more weights that I lifted, I get one step closer turning that vision in the reality. So I was turned on but that I was excited. I couldn't wait to get to the gym. I remembered that when a bit 2045 pounds and barbrave for some the director of stay hungry, said to me that I'm interested in having a come in for reading and working your acting orders because I'm interested in having you in the movie to start with the chef bridges and bitsality fields. I was delighted about that I was excited that that's the pumping of one more and then I said, but I don't want it to weigh more than 210 pounds. You want me to be the movie but I'm weighing 245 to 46 as you're just one of the Olympia, I say in 1974 and I was really at my biggest and but he demanded that and he says, look it's very simple. In the day we start shooting, this is I'm going to put you on the scale and if you don't make the 210 you out because I have someone else in mind and I worked on it that said that visualizing myself very clearly as a lean athlete because that's the only way I could lose that weight in the opposite and get interested in running more because up until the point of the reenlux remiles after training or before training or whatever but now obviously it was 5 miles, 6 miles, 7 miles, 8 miles and they even ran mini marathon in order to lose the weight and I did everything with high reps that was watching my diet or the eight-nodest kind of things and but a day the day before I remember we went Birmingham Alabama the day before was at the YMCA with Bob Rayfordson he was swimming and I was working out and it was running there was a track there and it was running he says let's step on the scale and a step on the scale and the way to 09 so it just shows you what is possible if you visualize exactly what you want to look like and there was no room for any kind of like I can get my act together or anything like this because there's only a certain amount of time but the key thing again is have the clear vision, have the specific core of what you want to accomplish because then you never go to the gym and you say the day I feel down a little bit I don't know what it is all about I don't know my life I'm confused no I tell you that I was a perfect example of someone that was not confident at all I mean when I was a kid that was just like and the other kid that I hang up and problems and orders but when they joined the way they've been club and I won my first little trophy because they did the best clean trick and then me doing another me then they won another little trophy I started feeling like somebody but the bottom line is everyone can use the same method because I used it in politics I used it in making money I used it in everything that I've done in the movie business when you have one little victory little victories add up and that is what gives you then ultimately confidence well for me the most important thing always to have a deadline so when I for instance had a competition and let's say the competition was in the middle of September and it was now beginning of summer so there was no more time to screw around so there was the time now to get going on a diet to get going with the training to not slack off at all because it was a deadline there the day of the competition I had to be in the best shape possible and I knew that if I come to the competition and I lose because I did not sketch on my training the proper way or I didn't have the right frame of mind or I didn't give everything literally broke my butt off I would be just so angry so I never wanted to be in that situation so this is why it was very important to pick that time and to say this is when I have to be in top shape then the work towards that but it's not just with the competition I mean they're always the same in the movie business I mean to me it was always a big advantage when I said okay my movie starts and April 1 and I have now three months so I have to get really in great shape so you picked those times it could also be that they have no movie and you have no missed all in beer no missed America no missed a universe coming up point of those things but you say to yourself the summer starts in June I'm gonna go to the beach in June and at that time I want to be in great shape so that creates an urgency that makes you really start training art and taking it seriously because if you don't have a specific plan then you wander around them and you can have as I have told you many times the best ship or the best plane in the world but if you don't have a specific call where you want to go and when you want to get there you just drift around and you never get anywhere so this is why this is important to create that urgency and a specific time when you want to be in shape well I mean look everyone has a problem with time but the day is 24 hours and we sleep six I know there's some out there that say I need eight what I say to sleep a little faster because the bottom line is we have six hours of sleep 25 hours available save 18 hours now available to you brook you family you're happy is and also to learn something new or to do something new which could easily be that you want to learn a new language or that you want to read and as a new as a solution after read a book every week or where you say I'm gonna go and reshape my body so you're gonna go and take this hour out of your sketch and say I'm gonna train an hour every day so this is for most people who are huge challenge but it is totally doable I can tell them because the kind of things that I did when I came to this country I mean I went to school I was working in construction I was working out my five hours a day I was taking acting classes from eight a decade night to 12 midnight I was doing all of those things I wanted to make sure that out of the 24 hours of the day that I don't waste one single hour those hours were too precious and so there just want to tell people don't give me this thing I have a difficult time and with the time and I don't have time for this now if that you have time you make the time you