Because there's always people out there that they would tell you that you would not be able to do that, forget it. It's a stupid dream that you have a crazy vision of those don't listen to the nice sales. So I think the key thing is that we know where we're going and that you're very passionate about that. You can see it always in front of you the goal. If you think that you're going to go and accomplish something really special and be the best in anything in the world and you think you can do it without working, you make a big mistake. Because no matter what I did, if it was in body building or in acting or if it is in a political arena, it always took a lot, a lot of work. You've got to put it out and you've got to, you know, some that make a lot of sacrifices notice. If you know the real card, forget about it. So this is another rule that is a very important. We don't achieve big things by accident, so shoot for the top. The number one thing is you have to have a very clear vision, a very clear goal of where you want to go. Because only then you will get there. You can have the best airplane or the best chip in the world, but if the captain doesn't know where to go, he will just drift around. Don't be afraid to failure. I mean, how far can you fall? He is the ground. That's his visor can fall. So you know, winners always get up, dust themselves off and move on. If you can keep your head when all about you, all losing their ends and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men dare to you, make allowance for their doubting too. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, or being lied about, don't deal in lies. We'll be in hate, don't give way to hating, and yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise. If you can dream and not make dreams your master. If you can think and not make thoughts your aim, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two ambassadors just the same. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken, twisted by names to make trap for fools, or watch the things you gave your life to. Broken from stupid build them up with one of fools. You can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one to the pitch and dance, and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your thoughts. If you can force your heart and nervous in you to serve your turn and long after they are gone. And so hold on, and there is nothing in you. Except the will that says to them, hold on. If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, or work with kingdoms, nor will us become a town. If neither forwards nor loving friends can hurt you, it's all men can't be with them, but none too might. If you can feel we can't be giving men. With 60 seconds worth of distance run, yours is the earth and everything that's in it. And which is more, you'll be a man in my son.