I've always believed in numbers and equations and lodgets but lead to reason. But after a lifetime of such pursuits, I ask for truly his logic. It's no good and you need to dump it. Look the most powerful supplement that you will ever have all of you. And by how much money you have to pay personal trainers the most powerful tool you will have to succeed. Most powerful tools you're fucking mind. You know, science has come a long way, yes. But there's something science can't explain. And this whole idea that you need to have, you know, carry a cool around all day and have meals every three hours. You've got to have seven, eight, nine hours sleep. You've got to have this kind of rest before you go to the gym. You've got to have this meal three hours before you go to the gym. You've got to take this supplement 15 minutes before you go to the gym. And intervals during your workout, you've got to take this. You've got to do this. You need to be cautious of all that stuff. It's all bullshit. It was very important to me to build the rest of the body up to that level. And then eventually after ten years of training, a god to the level where we really felt so now, there's the perfect situation, perfect body, the synergy was right. And all that stuff. I didn't want to just be a movie star, one of the best. A great movie star, there's the highest paid movie star and have the buffed a title building. You never want the fail because you didn't work hard enough. You need a guy who's got the mindset, I didn't get any sleep last night, but it's time to work out. Let's go to the gym, let's kick ass. You need a guy like that who isn't thinking about those things. But it gets to the gym and becomes one. I know, it never gets to the gym. If you didn't get as much protein today, you think your sleep is making sure you don't have those types of things. What does a fucking matter, what doesn't matter? Don't fucking step down to make somebody else's silly, as fuck-and-standard. And it's not backed up by fucking new world experience. It's not backed up by fucking a real world experience. You will always be learning and you will always be starting over. The greatest fucking champions I've ever been still. I always wanted to be very intense. I always wanted to be number one. You're thinking too much about the small, you too much attention with small things that don't really matter. And you're not kidding enough attention to the game. Brother, we're basic things to do. And ask yourselves, who do you want to be? I've always figured out that there's 24 hours a day. You sleep six hours. They've ate the hours left. I know there's some of y'all that now says, well wait a minute, I sleep eight hours or nine hours. Well then just sleep faster. I would recommend. You never want to fail because you didn't grow caught enough. And ask yourselves, who do you want to be? You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in the pocket. I was poor because it didn't have anything. I had no money, I had no things with no TV, we had no refrigerated nothing as kids, but I was rich because I had to dream. Dream of becoming the greatest bodybuilder. And I had a dream to use bodybuilding as a means to get into films. Think, deep down and ask yourselves, who do you want to be? Not what but who? And I'm talking to you. I'm talking about what your parents and teachers wanted to be, but you. I'm talking about figuring out for yourselves what makes you happy. No matter how crazy they sound to the people. First trust yourself no matter how, what anyone else thinks. I didn't want to just be a bodybuilding champion. I didn't want to just be a bodybuilder. He said, I want to be the biggest bodybuilder in the world, the greatest bodybuilder in the world, the richest bodybuilder in the world. It's I want to be a film star, and I want to go into politics. I want to be a bodybuilder. But I had no idea that it would go as far as it did. That it would go beyond the body roles, beyond the muscles. And then do movies like, dominate the predator, end of days and stuff like that. That was like, you know, I had to kind of reinvent my dream after I achieved that. Bodybuilding has been a beautiful experience in me, and there will continue to the rest of my life. And I only stopped competing for them, not stopping bodybuilding. It's the greatest bodybuilder! Thank you! There's absolutely no way around hard, hard work. None of my rules fight away of success, who work unless you do. He talked about him winning the mysterious. He says to me, now he's the mysterious Olivia, and then when he competed in one mysterious Olivia, he's goal was to win it, minute guide, which won it, seven-day life. I love feeling like an outsider. I never want to be one of a million. I would have never got the body that I got. I would have been one of a million. I would have never wanted to become the biggest star in the world. I never wanted to lose a competition, or lose an election, because I didn't record enough. I always believe leaving those stone unturned. Muhammad Ali, one of my great heroes, and a great line in the seven, this when it was asked, how many sit-ups do you do? He said, I don't count my sit-ups, I only start counting when it starts curing. And I feel pain, that's when I start counting, because that's when it really counts. That's what makes your champion. That's the way it is with everything. No pain, no game. I mean how many times have you heard that you can't do this, you can't do that, and it has never been done before. In some aspect, I love it when someone says, that never no one has ever done this before, because they mean I do it, that means that I'm the first one that has done it. I love it. So, but you know attention to the people to say, you can't be done. There must have been a time in your life before that when you didn't have any thought to bodybuilding at all. What sort of child were you? Well, I grew up in Austria after I was born after the Second World War 1947. It was poverty, there was no food around, no really nothing, and I think that was the reason why I developed search and tremendous desire. I decided to get out of there and I decided to make it in life to achieve big things. Trust yourself, break some rules, don't be afraid to fail, ignore the nasias, rock like hell, and give something back. Don't be afraid to fail. Anything I've ever attempted, I was always willing to fail. You can't be paralyzed to fear failure or you would never push yourself. You can push him because you believe in yourself and in your vision. And you know that it's the right thing to do, and success will come, so don't be afraid to fail. Each year you live, it's one year less. When you out there, partying, whossing around, someone out there at the same time is working hard. Someone is getting smarter and someone is winning just remember that.