We need your help. I need your help. 500,000 people will die this year of cancer. And I also tell you that one and every four will be afflicted with this disease. And yet, for somehow we seem to have put it in a little bit of the back bone. I want to bring it back under front table. We need your help. I need your help. We need money for research. It may not save my life. It may save my children's lives. It may save someone you love. Six weeks ago, I was given the news that my liver and bones are full of cancer. Just this past week, I found out that it spread to my skull estimates vary. But barring a miracle, it is likely that I will not be here in six to 18 weeks. Or 42 to 126 days. Sounds like a long time when you're waiting for Christmas, or something that's on back order. But when it's the time that you have left to cuddle with your kids, or spend with your husband, it's terribly, terribly short. The cancer does not define me. Cancer can take away all my physical abilities. It cannot touch my mind. It cannot touch my heart. It cannot touch my soul. And those three things are going to carry on forever. Time is very precious to me. I don't know how much I have left. And I have some things that I would like to say, hopefully at the end, I'll have something that will be important to other people too. How do you get through life or each day's the same thing? To me, there are three things we all should do every day. We do this every day of our life. Number one is last. You should laugh every day. Number two is pink. You should spend some time in thought. And number three is you should have your emotions moved to tears. You laugh, you think, and you cry. That's a full day. That's a heck of a day. You do that seven days a week. You're going to have something special. Don't give up. Don't ever give up. And that's what I'm going to try to do every minute that I have left. Thank God for the day and the moment I have. It's so important to know where you are. I know where I am right now. How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? And I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life. You have to have a dream. The goal. You have to be willing to work for it. And I have a role to say nothing great can be accomplished without enthusiasm to keep your dreams alive. Despite of problems, whatever you have, you really be able to work hard for your dreams to become truly kind of reality. Now I look at where I am now. I know what I want to do. What I would like to be able to do is to spend whatever time I have left. And to give and maybe support to others. I just got one last thing. I urge all of you. All of you to enjoy your life, the precious moments you have. To spend each day with some laughter and some thought to get your emotions going. To be enthusiastic every day. But try if you can to support whether it's AIDS or cancer foundation. So that someone else might survive, my prosper and my actually be cured of this dreaded disease. I thank you and God bless you all.