Change your mind and it will change your life. Sometimes things happen in your life and it doesn't seem like much of the time. The mind is the battleground. It is the place where the greatest conflict is. There is nothing as powerful as a changed mind. You can change your hair, your clothing, your address. But if you don't change your mind, the same experience will perpetuate itself over and over again because everything outwardly changed. But nothing inwardly changed. You are the reason you look the way you look. You are the reason you're unemployed. You are the reason why you're surrounding the so-disfunctional and negative. Excuse is sound best to the people that's making them up. You got every excuse in the world. That's why you're shitting over. That's why you're nothing change and nothing will change. Change your mind and it will change your life. The struggle in your mind, this is why we have people who go to bed tired and wake up tired. Sleep eight hours and you wake up still tired. The reason you wake up tired is that you got sleep but you didn't get rest. Your mind has been in turmoil all night long. You've been wrestling in your sleep. I never woke up in your bed. The bed at all torqued. Just like you've been in a fight because your mind has not rested. Your body went to sleep but your mind is still tired of it. The war fairs. Your mind is a battleground. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. I'm to worry you didn't have how to stress you didn't have to break it down. I'm to make you fit. I'm to make you think that you can't get up. I'm to make you feel up on your dreams. The war fair is in your mind. It's not in your checkbook. It's not in your savings account. It's not on your job. The fight that you got to fight is in your mind. And if you're happy, you can win the checkbook. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. But you got to try. It's out of your head.