The name is all up to my heart, the sea of the sea, the land of the world. I still envision two impossibly tree belts on my shoulders. The Toyars! The Toyars! My dream! Believe in me dream, I'm leaving my dream, I'll set out to do something, and I'm doing it. The last time you were actually a fan in this building, was you being a fan? I was a fan right over there. You were just a fan? Yeah, I was just a fan. When I sat here in this crowd, you was an interesting and solid guy, you know, I realized it's there. It's there for the taking, if I put the time in it. I don't listen to anyone else, I don't hear it about nothing else, I don't want to hear it about nothing else. I still envision two impossibly tree belts. If you can see it here, and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen. A lot of times people believe in certain things, but they keep to themselves. They don't put it out there. You truly believe in it, if you become vocal with it, you are creating that law of attraction and will become reality. I still envision two impossibly tree belts on my shoulder. I just had an outright beg me, and they beg me. Look at everybody up here, they're all dressed like me, they're all trying to talk like me, they're all trying to be me. Everyone in the game wants this fight, this is a lot to be fight. I realize that this is a pain of a... ...a lot of rap, one of one's shoulder, the rap, you're on the other's shoulder! It's a beautiful feeling when preparation meets opportunity. It's probably just to describe a sense of how a team is human from the instrumental serves. The calibenaries still found themselves there quietly occupied their innate body. They made us protect ourselves. Did they never说! The guests Sterners in Venice full of fans and that was something my donas a kid out on my own. But most certainly I'm looking to replicate what I've achieved in my previous promotion in a two-way world champion. Health consecutively. I said I would do it. I will do it. Sooner away we're going to fall. One of those elbows, one of those shots are going to dig into that soft squeeze finder to the temple and that's all she wrote. Two-way world champion. You have to use New York. The Irish Albec. I just want to check on the bottom of my heart. I like to take this chance to apologize. Tats are really nobody. But I dreamed it to reality. Oh, that looks good. That looks perfect. It feels familiar. I saw it so clearly. I swear they got it so clearly. So consistency. Until I just let it tear in reality. So insane this a long time. And I back it up. I back it up. I back it up. I was upon hours of time and dedication. I never slept. I never taken a second of this game. My dream is to be world champion. World lightweight champion in the UFC. I have more money than I know to do it. I have a great life for my kids, my grandkids. Everyone in my family. Everyone that's kind of with me. That's my dream. My dream is to be number one. I dream is to be number one. Which my girl is number one. There's a tight time being for coming down. Nothing is impossible. You know what I mean? You can achieve anything. The reason why we're like tough again. It doesn't mean it goes to you. I appreciate everything. When things are going good, new visualized, these good things happen. You visualize more good things happen. That's easy. What's not easy to do is when things are going back. Things are going bad. And you're visualizing the good stuff. I'm going to continue going on this journey. And if the title shot is next, I will take it. If not, I'd end it down already. Feel like that is mine. I already feel like that belt is mine. So, eventually one by one, I will get every single one of them. Until there is no one left.