All the way from the top, the best. Compete-known stays against the best, the strongest muffler of my day. To the muffler, get a rock bottle. Rock bottle. 2005, I had open heart surgery. Emergency, open heart surgery. Turn that surgery flat line three times. Didn't know why I was X. Dead. Came back from the motherfucking dead. You live in the motherfucking dead three times. Oh, came back. The doctor's came in, he lifted me. He was one great powerful man, 180 pounds, swivel double, like a fucking skeleton. My doctor, he lifted me and he said, he's young guy. He was a world champion, yeah, I'm a world champion, a world champion. Last month I lifted me and he said, what happened to you? What happened? I'm a shit up land in one of the woods said, I'm one of my damn stuff. What happened to me? My son had to help me get dressed, had to feed me. Oh, I was fucked up. Had to sit up against the wall, I couldn't lay down flat on my back if I could put my goddamn of some cord in here, die of bread. I couldn't fucking talk, I couldn't breathe with my fucking legs down. I stepped against the wall for eight months, I couldn't lay down flat. I died because told me I would never do this shit at you. I never lift another way to get you. Man, I was the best thing he could have told me. I'm gonna show you a month, but man, I'm gonna prove to you that I can come back, that I will come back because I got this motherfucker right here. I am determined that my mother fucking magnificent obsession, I'm obsessed with this shit. I'm gonna do this shit until they grow fucking dirt, which I'll put my hands until they bury me. 54 years old. My mother, I'm gonna have you sit here for all the time. Sometimes, if you just a little bit too high, get a little too fully yourself, you must be brought down. You will be taught for fucking less. And I'll sit in the eye, not me. She's like, I don't care how bad you are, son. It's so my ass out there just a little bit bad, I'll sit down. Hell, now, mama, somebody got me the best. Somebody got me the best, mama, I love you, but that's me.