You have to do that sometimes. You have to say no to your friends to say yes to your work. Because what are you going to do? Like, lose that idea because you decide to have a drink with your friends. It's not worth it. Your friend will be there. The alternative is you go through life and you had this great idea and nothing came of it because you got tired. And yeah, sometimes you don't go to the party that all your friends are at. Because the idea is calling to you in that moment. You should seek the other person. See if you're playing at safe, you're not going to win. It's by trying things that you figure out how far you can go. You got to get outside the box. Success was the progressive realization of a worthy ideal. Anyone that has a goal and they're moving towards it, they're successful. Their scare, their scare to both complications, their scare of failure. Failure is a big one to people afraid of. But failures one of the most important things you've ever had, as far as the motivation you've faced everywhere. To live a great life, you must be prepared to fail, sure. And to die maybe as well. Tomorrow's not promised. I gotta get as much done as I can. Freedom is available to everyone. There isn't anyone that could not live the way they want to live. See? Why don't they? Why don't they? They don't know. And they don't even know they don't know. It, you know, we get so caught up in the day to day of living. That it's, you know, how many of us really experienced life while we're living it? Do what you want to do with your life, right? Don't, don't go be doing something you don't enjoy. Don't do something that's, don't get locked into a car that you can't afford and doing something crazy because you need the money. Don't, don't do that. Do what you want to do. What the, is it that you really want to do? Because if someone else is doing it, you can do it. You know? I mean, everybody makes their own path through this world. But a lot of people don't follow the path that they really feel pulled through. Everyone encounters difficulties. There is no easy road. It does not exist. It is impossible. Everyone has issues. Trust me. Everybody has a hard road. We all go through hard times. We all go through depression. We all do it. Go through doubt. That is what makes you person. And those difficult moments of what build your character. Sometimes we just gotta get up and get you done. Sometimes we have to pull yourself up and you have to push forward even if you want to stay in that. Sometimes life's gonna hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. You