Now in life you go big, you go home. Try to climb and it didn't get to the summit today, but it doesn't mean I'm going to give up, it doesn't mean I'm going to stop. This life's about falling down and getting up. It doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down, it's about getting back up. And it doesn't matter how you get knocked down in life. Does that's going to happen? All the matters that you've got to get up. So if there's any kid out there that's told by a parent or a coach or a teacher or somebody that they look up to, somebody that's supposed to push them and believe in them and they're told no, don't listen to them. Believe in yourself. Sometimes the outcome isn't always what you desire it to be, but the true failure in life is not trying it off. Nobody wants to rock the boat, nobody wants to change. And at that moment, what was came over me, and he said, look up, get up and don't ever give up. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you're letting it. You need a nobody who's going to hit his heart as life. But I listen with Jim Bob Arnold say 21 years ago. The most poignant, seven words ever uttered in any speech, any words. Don't be bug. Don't ever give up. Don't give up. Don't ever give up. It should be impossible for me to get back up, but it's not. Once dream is constantly evolving, rising and falling, changing force. So you've got to have some reasons that when life knocks you down, it's going to. Teller, it's going to knock you down. When you want to throw in the towel and give up yourself, and that's going to happen. What reason can you remember that you can call on that you can reach on that can make you get back up? Find that reason. I'm doing this because I want to make my mother proud. I'm doing this because I want my children to have a better life to what I have. I'm doing this because all my life I've been told I'd be a loser that I wouldn't make it. There are a few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realize. But I just want you to know that it's not the end. It matters how you're going to finish. I started with nothing, and I was doubted that I had a dysfunctional card because I shouldn't have made it this far. Holding onto a dream and staying focused is really important. And also striving for perfection is healthy. And so if I could come from a calcester state in the middle of Stratford, Ava, and live in 17 houses before a 16. And when chemistry starts, I am the real deal. Best revenge in life is massive success. But the point is this, it is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right, your perceived failure can become a catalyst. For profound reinvention. So find out the reasons that you do what you do. Find out the reasons that will make you strong and will make you walk by faith and not pass by. And will make you pursue your dream and everybody. So guess you won't believe in your normal. If you know the why of the living, you can endure almost any harm. If you know the reason why you are not in the world, you can endure all of this. If you know the reason why you are not in the world, you can endure all of this. When life gets you on the blind side, when the messenger of misery visits you, what are you going to do? What will keep you in the game? When life knocks you to the canvas? If you can look up, you can get up. But I'd say there are sometimes in life where you fall down. And I feel like you don't have the strength to get back up. Pretend that everything's okay when it's not. Maybe you have down in your life. Maybe you don't know if for sure what's going to be happening in the future and it scares you. You see, I will try 100 times to get up. And if I fail 100 times, if I fail and I give up, do you think I'm ever going to get up? No. And it's not the end until you've given up. And just the fact that you're here should persuade you that you have another chance to get back up. Let's see if what does he has when he comes out for this round. So the bust of Douglas at God Knobdown, while fighting Mike Tyson, had got out of alcohol recovery center. His mother had died. His wife was ill with a terminal illness. He was considered nothing of bomb. So when he got knocked down, bust of Douglas had a reason to get back up because he said, I'm dedicating this fight to the memory of my mother. But if I fail, I try again and again and again, for as long as I try this way as that chance of getting up. But today, I tell you that whether you fear it or not, disappointment will come. The beauty is that through disappointment, you can gain clarity and with clarity comes conviction and true originality. But how that journey ends is up to you today. You see, when you fall down, you feel like giving up. When times get tough, it's not the end. What are the reasons that you can think of? That can keep you strong. That can keep you in the game that will be your rod and staff to comfort you. That can be your bridge. And the balance to save Buster Douglas at the end of Rounding. But in the end, about how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can gain hit. They keep moving forward. How much you can take, they keep moving forward. That's how we did it's done. Now, if you know what your work, go out and get what your work. But you've got to be willing to take the hits and not point in fingers, say, you eat when you want to be because of him or her or anybody. Why didn't it happen to James? Because I wanted it. Why did you win this fight that nobody on the planet gave over his mother? In what order? What are the reasons that you can think of? Power's doing that in that ain't you! You better than that! Two failure in life is not tying it all. To look up, get up and don't ever give up. Are you gonna finish strong? And you will find that strength to get back up.