I'm an open-coming fighter and without a doubt you will see me on the UFC and in their future. Without a doubt. Your gifts can take you many places if you develop your gifts. Most of us don't like to do those things that come easy to us. Decide that you're going to push yourself. Most people won't do that. Most people give up on themselves easily. You know the human spirit is powerful. It's hard to kill the human spirit. You've got to sell yourself everyday on your abilities. On what you're doing, on the goal that you want to reach. You've got to sell yourself everyday everyday everyday everyday. Most people go through life never discovering what that talent is all. Most people never develop their talents. The half skills and abilities but if you don't measure them. If you don't develop them, they will never serve you. Your gifts can take you many places if you develop your gifts. You have something that you brought to the universe. And that if you decide that my life deserves my developing this what I do well. And becoming the best at it and mastering myself and seeing what I have within me. If you decide to drop your buckets where you are and develop your gifts, I grant you you never ever be without. One idea can change your life. One idea can turn your life around. My dreams be number one pretty much. My goals and number one in the MMA. I grant you that your gifts will take you places that will literally amaze you. I grant you that if you begin to work to develop your gifts, you develop the strong sense and happiness. You'll get a lot of vision of yourself. All of us meet some area about life where we can have a feeling of competence. Selling yourself in your ability to perform and job to achieve a certain objective. Telling yourself everyday, here I go again. And I got what it takes. This is my day and nothing out here is going to stop me. If you decide that area that you are, that you are going to master that particular area. As you begin to develop and expand your skills and your talents and your vision of yourself, you will always be in control of your destiny.