I loved it. And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on. Every once in a while try a calligraphy class, because you don't know where it will lead. If I had never dropped in on that single-course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple type faces or proportionally spaced fonts. None of this had even a hope of any practical application in my life. If I had never dropped out, I would have never dropped in on that calligraphy class, and personal computers might not have the wonderful type pattern for you that they do. And I remember thinking, man, this life is temporary. This experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24-year-old man. This is not going to last. This is the prime of my youth. You gotta get going. Go ahead, what you're going to deal with and you deal with the difficult, difficult of it. When you handle those hard things close at hand, making those hard decisions right now that you don't want to make. Learning those things that you don't like to do. But you know that in order for you to get where you want to go, this is one of the hopes that you have to flip through. You may have hit a rock in a hard place, but don't change your name. You may be going through a tough time, but don't change your name. Don't link your circumstances to find who you are. How you are does not define who you are. How I'm going does not define who is going. Your strength is in maintaining. I know who I am. I'm going to get out of this. I don't know how I'm going to make it through tomorrow. I don't know how I'm going to get the job. I don't know how. I'm going to get back up on my feet. How you are does not define who you are. Working 40 to 60 hours a week, I had a small apartment which I shared with an old pal of mine and a little tiny life with my minimum wage job, which I realized. I looked at my life and realized this is probably the best good it is going to get from me. Because at that same time, I was very frustrated. I said, well, this is going to be a very tough life. It's going to be a life of a lot of standing on my feet. A lot of work taking a father people and having very little to show forward by Friday. You may have took the how of it, but you have not taken the who of it. I still know who I am. I still know what I got. I wish we spend more time working on the who of us rather than the how of us. I'm going to take a look at the things that I have done. I'm going to take a look at the things that I have done. So many people in life take up our patients. They don't want to be like, but it becomes what their life is. And they can't get off this merry go around because they have to work. They've got to learn money, etc. But if you people really enjoy what they do in life. What's the worst is going to happen to me? I miss a day of work. There goes 21 bucks. And I get humiliated in front of my favorite band. And my future in the world of minimum wage work. Or I could go up to New York in audition for this crazy band who was my favorite. And so I took a train up there. I walked into this practice place in the East Village. I'm standing there with the band with a microphone in my hand. They said pick the two. And I sang every song they had. You know, improvising most of it two times through. We did the set. We'll see you soon. It's long and I know who I am. I've lost my house. But I've lost my house. My who? I've made that go by plane. I made that go by helicopter. But I'm still going to get there. I may not go by helicopter. I may have to go in the bus. But I'm still going to get there. I may have to drive in the car. But I'm still going to get there. Can I go a little bit more? I may have to thumb. But I'm still going to get there. It may take me eight years to get through four years of college. But I'm still going to get there. Come on. No. Who? I am. I don't know how. But I know who. Go. Let it change a man. Go. Let it change a man. Go give up on who you are. Become a man. I'm turning out. Because the blessing is all the who you are. I said the blessing is all the who you are. I feel good. And I remember thinking man, this life is temporary. Like this experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24 year old man. Like this is not going to last. Like this is the prime of my youth. the prime of my youth. I thought like you gotta get going. Wow. This is gonna happen to you too. It's gonna happen to all of us. And you think that you're this static thing, like you stay in the same exact state. It's not true. It's an illusion. All those people that you see that are old people that are walking in the street with their backs hunched over, that you're gonna reach that age someday. It's going to happen. And if you don't pay attention, it all goes wrong. You could wind up looking like that guy. You could wind up thinking and behaving like that guy. It is a slow ebbling of the life force of the body. It's gonna drain you. So God dammit, get your fun out. Get your life out. Just live. You gotta live. It's fucking coming. And you gotta remember, because if you don't remember, you're gonna sleep in. If you don't remember, you're not gonna get anything done. If you don't remember, you're not gonna have the same focus and determination that you would have with the understanding this is a temporary experience. Now what you're going through? Now what's happening in your life? Now what's going on in your home? Now what's happening in your financial? The blessing is all you. The blessing is all you. The blessing is all you. Don't let life change or make the blessing. Don't lose yourself in your situation. Don't lose yourself in your situation. Don't let your situation eat up yourself. Don't get the same. You're self. Don't forget who you are. Forget who you are. Don't forget who you are. The blessing is all you. And I remember thinking, man, this life is temporary. Like this experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24-year-old man. Like this is not going to last. This young man made 10, 15, 20 short films before he got the opportunity to make more light. So never give up without commitment. You'll never start but more importantly without consistency, you'll never finish. Keep working, keep striving, never give up all down seven times, get up eight. Ease is a great a threat to progress than hardship. Barely, even in my dreams, this could not be true. But to hell with dreams, I'm done with it because this is true. Oh my goodness. Success is not based on genetics. It's not based on how nice this car is. It's not based on how pretty my faces, how small my nose may need to look, whether or not I'm the right complexion, if you work hard and you work as recognized. It's guys who are women. And more importantly, you can still be as successful and find the things that are you excited about and that you can give your own work really hard to work your technique. Spring those days with efficiency, efficient action together and success can happen.