The rules today in St. People to create carbon. And this is madness. And whatever you say, it will happen. It's very important that we take action today to recognize that we are making a very significant change to the chemical constituency of the atmosphere and the oceans. And one that is almost impossible to reverse. When we look back on these days in the future, we want to be able to say that we did the actions that were right, the actions that were important. 20, 30, 40 years in the future. And what do you say to your kids or your grandkids? Scientists all say that these bad things are going to happen. It's like 97%. So like say, well, to your grandkids or kids like, well, that nobody tell you, no, it's like, no, if everyone was telling us. So why didn't you do anything? What's the answer? I think it's very important that we do so well. And depending upon how what actually we take, we'll drive the carbon number to give extreme or moderate levels. I think it's pretty much the given that the two degree C increase will occur. The question is whether it's going to be much more than that. As a percentage relative to absolute zero, it's only a plus minus 2% change. The sensitivity of the climate is extremely, extremely high. We've amplified the sensitivity by building our cities right on the coastline. Based on the projections that we're seeing right now, these are like, I'd say arguably best case projections. We're going to see significant rises in temperature and sea level. If we don't take action, we could see anywhere from 5 to 10%, maybe maybe more of the landmass absorbed by water. About a third of humanity lives right on the coastline or in low-lying countries. So we'll be talking about maybe 2 billion people being displaced and their home is being destroyed and their country is being gone. So I think we should take action. The reason that the transition is delayed, water and water is happening slowly is because there is a hidden subsidy on all carbon producing activity. The net result is 35 gigatons of carbon per year into the atmosphere. The best case is simply delaying that inevitable transition to sustainable energy. There's going to be no choice in the long term to move to sustainable energy. It's topological. We have to have sustainable energy or simply run out of the other one. The only thing we gain by slowing down the transition is just slowing it down. It doesn't make it not occur, it just slows it down. The worst case, however, is more displacement and destruction than all the wars in history combined. About 3% of scientists that believe in the best case, about 90% percent believe in the worst case. This is why I call it the domestic experiment in history. The goal is to exit the era as quickly as possible. The new goal is to move to a sustainable energy future. We want to use energy sources that will be good for a billion years. What can you do? Whenever you have the opportunity, talk to politicians, ask them to enact the carbon tax. We have to fix the unpriced externality. I'll talk to your friends about it and fight the propaganda from the carbon industry. I think you have tremendous power. You have the power to make the change. We can't tell you we definitely can't beat the oil and gas industry on lobbyists. The x-on-max more profit in a year than the value of the entire solar industry. There's no way you can win on money. This is possible. This is not the only important issue but it is I think the thing that will have the biggest negative effect on humanity if we do not address it. Unless something changes very quickly, the sustainable energy will still be in a bad situation five years from now. If it's the right thing for the future, the carbon should just do it and don't worry about what other countries are doing. Just do the right thing.