We will never make progress unless we're willing to take risk. You know, the key thing about taking risk is learning. And if something doesn't work out, learn from it, and then you're able to move further. We have to always recognize that knowledge frequently comes at a price. You know, Thomas Edison said, you know, nine hundred and ninety nine ways at a light bulb, did not work. But you know, you just put these things into perspective and you learn from the water, dandy, the great neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins many decades ago was the first one to do operations on the post to your fossil, the back part of brain, no one thought it could be done. First, thirteen patients, all that. Now can you imagine how devastating that was? I think that you have to take risks all the time. If you don't do that, you're not moving forward. The fact of the matter is we now are able to do that operation routinely and safely. How the hell could you just think that decision like that? He said, because someone had to make it. He said, because it's been going around for ten years back and forth, the no one being able to make a decision. He said, what if you're wrong? He said, if I'm wrong, we'll find out quicker. If I'm right, the job will be done. If there's something you want some vision and now it's real, it's because you need just to envision it and brought so much emotion to it that now it's in your life. It was once a dream, it was once a goal, and now it's in your life. It's like when you're putting charge, take command. Wherever focus goes, energy floats. If you're going to be a great dream, you're going to be a great dream. If you're going to be a great dream, you're going to be a great dream. This kid couldn't speak. Everyone else has peer groups, speaking all good. He couldn't speak. And he had seven. Everyone's reading and talking. He can't read. He was slowing down so much. He teachers brought his parents and they said, do the kids got it. Go, man. He's just slow. He's not creative. He's slowing down the betterment. Of entire class. Got to go. Pay on his problem. Homeins like, man, what are we going to do this? He's child of us. Too bad. They put him the work. He got fire from every single job you ever tried. All this guy knows up until 21 years old is failure. He's never tasted success. He just gets up and keeps trying. He just gets up and keeps trying. Until one day he found out what he wanted. He wasn't fired in. And he had everything in hand. They and they out, man. He burned the minnow oil. So he didn't have to stay awake in the minnow hours. Wondering what is. This guy tried something. One thousand ninety three times. He's throw a successful. One thousand ninety three times. When the hell of you ever tried something more intense. Before you throw the towel. I can't say I have this guy did. And why that was when he wanted. How was it nourished failure? Everything fell in his flesh. So when it fell, one thousand times like. Fucking man. And average. Hey, it always fails. I keep on going. But it's eventually got smarter. And quicker. That failure may have more and more success. Was getting closer and closer. And finally the lightball blicked. As Thomas Edison fell here. Don't matter. It's entire life. He over another thousand past. And Mark couldn't speak it for. He was written out of class. He could read a seven. Keep it home. And tell the challenge. When the praise and bears of our time. We all fall down in life, guys. The question is who gets back up. It's an uphill battle. Along that road, you're not going to see too many friends. You can see your shadow looks off. You got trust in the heart of hearts. Inside what you're doing, what you believe in. It's a worthy cause of when it will fight. You can see the thing is for many people. They've tried the same path in your home. And it failed. As you walk with journey, you're going to see the carcass. It's all over the place. A people that they quite have it. It's an inspiring, you've got to further that person. Maybe not looking to get further. Maybe not looking to get further. Maybe looking to finish. The Harvard Champion is a light switch that's always on. It doesn't go on and off. Someone's watching. It's constant. Anytime I feel that should I feel nervous like I feel right now, I take the risk. I take the risk. And follow the students, follow the teachers, and follow the educators here. We have to take risk. If we don't take that risk, I go back to it. It's the biggest risk that we take. I had to learn drive. That's why I have my managers to teach me drive or to push me because you can relax. You can't relax. You can say, oh, I could do that. Or you're going to be that person. I know this person. This person calls me a man. Did you see what Denzel did in that movie? He said, I could have. Maybe he could have. But he doesn't have to drive the Denzel. And so therefore, if you don't have drive, then you never. You quit cultivating your talent. Because once you rest and once you say it's over, I've gotten to the mountain top. Then your talent starts to do it in the two. That's why I committed the war season. I was at wet willies in Miami doing jokes for people just on the street. And I was like, what did this to see what would work? Jokes either by the Oscars or jokes about whatever. And then you go to Atlanta and work on your jokes there. So that hustle, what I call hustle, is very important because at some point you're going to be able to pull the hustle back this little bit. You take your spots. The time right now is a hustle to set things up. So that in the future you're able to cut back this little bit and just pick your spots. My grandma is there, and she's not here tonight. But she was my first acting teacher. She told me to stand up straight. She showed us back. Act like you got some sense. Right down in your notes, massive action is the cure-off. Massive action is the cure-off. If you're having a difficult time with something, you need to take massive action. And if that doesn't work, try something else. If that doesn't work, try something else. Keep going with massive action and you will find the way. Because it will give you momentum. Difficfully between a winner and a loser, the value is there at some time. Just the winner gets back up and it does it again. It does it again. I told goes his way. So this is what's next for me now. I want this. You may have dreamed about a fart about a talk about it. You envision something you got clear about it, and then you start thinking about all the reasons why you wanted it. You got excited about it. He said, what if you're wrong? He said, if I'm wrong, we'll find out quicker. If I'm right, the job will be done. It's like when you're putting charge, take command. How do you create your life? You get hungry for something, don't you? Almost any accomplishment in the history of the world has come at the hands of people who've taken this. People who are willing to push the envelope, people who are willing to explore the unknown. But it was one sister vision. They have seen him passable one time. Try how did you do it? You started when a concrete vision of what you wanted. And you focused on it continuously didn't you?