I say to you, you got goals in Dree. Most people respect Taters. They've spent the majority of their time watching entertainment sporting events, television. That's what the majority of people do. The majority of people spend their time and their money on things that provide for them relief from their life stress. They look for distractions. I'm friend of mine, Mike Bems. He did something for a year and he said it changes his life. He earned his first million at 26th. And I said, well, how did you change your life? He said, man, for one year, I never turned on television. And I said, you didn't watch television. He said, no. No. He had watched the news. He said, you find out what was going on. Said people told me, now I've been even interested. He said, I have no problems. My own why should I watch other people problems? He said, and it changed his life. But who have been prisoned themselves by surrounding themselves with do nothing, energy draining people. If you have a positive mindset, if you're looking for ways to prove yourself, and it's your spare way for negative energy draining people who have no goals and no dreams. I believe you want to be listening to me right now. Listen to me. That there's something in you that attracted you to my voice. And that's something in you. I call that your higher consciousness. There's a presence in you. But in a man that you know, woman, that knows that you can do more, that you can have more, that you can achieve more. And that if you honor that still small voice within you and continue to saturate your mind, but positive things continue to look for people with talent, abilities and skills and surround yourself with people that you can learn from people that you can grow from. And set for yourself big goals and dreams. There's some power and pursuit of a dream. When you are pursuing a dream, you develop confidence, you develop skills, you develop new relationships. You develop resources. And as we learn, as we grow in a span, you discover things you can do. And you don't even realize right now most people, they're in life not because they hate to hide. And most people feel alive because they aim to low in hit. I did that for many years. That in think I can do what I'm doing. It thinks you can do that you don't know and you've got to challenge yourself. Well, I've tried some things that they didn't work out so well. You will fail your way to success. While the big Chrysler failed in the automobile industry for 42 times with my God, look what happened to 43. You will fail your way to success. As her friend threw her father's ashes in the wind and the wind blew the ashes. She said, what gratter and moved her so deeply was as the ashes disappeared. It was as if her friend's father never existed. Because he didn't live a life of contribution. It didn't have any project that he was working on that would make a difference. He didn't build relationships with people that could have helped him do some of the things that he was thin here to do. No one was there to witness the throwing of his ashes but his daughter and a stranger. Most people go through life like that. They die, unlived lives. And I believe there's something in you. That's causing you to hear my voice. Dumping in you, but said, I want to live. There's one thing to survive and what it takes to live and what it takes to survive is two different things, most people have survival modes. Or cut up in weapons of mass destruction. So, my message to you and you already know it. Feel your head with words that can empower me. See, if it's a turn off television and turn up your life, if you let go of negative people, who fill your head with head trash and you focus your time and energy on developing another skill you'll be survived with what you've been doing. You have greatness within you. Challenge yourself, push yourself. Suron yourself with people who have goals and dreams, mask the mind and encourage and inspire each other. And you will develop a strategy and a synergy to do more than you can ever begin to imagine. You have something special. You'll have greatness within you. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.