He said, when life can no longer threaten you with death, he said, what else is there? What else is there? And the majority of the fears that we have are not life or death fears, and not those kind of fears. But throughout imagination, we blow them out of proportion, and we give them more power than they actually have or deserve, and we permit them to govern our lives. We permit them to determine how far we can stretch out on our dreams and discovering our stuff. And as we begin to look at ourselves and begin to wait a minute, just getting to the point as you assess yourself and begin to prove yourself and just say, where are you? Hold a minute. I've been sweating this out. What can it, what's the worst thing that can happen to me on this? Will it kill me? Will I die? Well, why am I going through all of these changes over this? How much power this really has? And am I the one that's feeding the power into it? You can either live your dreams or live your fears. And I think the majority of people actually are not living their dreams, but are living their fears. So I want to ask you a question. What are your fears? What are your freedom? What are you scared of? Because we all have fears, don't we? We all have something that's blocking us that's holding us back. And as we begin to look at life, what we realize is that the reason that most people are not living out their true potential, and not doing all of the things that they would really like to do is because of fear. One of the things that you fear that's been keeping you from living your dream, that's been keeping you from doing some things that you would like to do. Just think about those things. And how do we begin to handle that Abraham Maslow said that the life is about growth. And he said, you can either go back to your comfort zone and there you won't find any growth. Or you must willing to go forward and face your fears again and again and again. Because you're not going to have a fear free existence. I mean, some fear is acceptable and legitimate. There are some things that you really should be afraid of. Now you shouldn't allow it to immobilize you. You acknowledge it, you take it into account, and you carry yourself accordingly. There are times that we should proceed with caution. But it's the difference between being stopped by a fear. It's a difference between having a fear and the fear having you. So deciding as you look at your life, you look into the future and say, what fear is? Am I holding on to? What fear is that I'm allowing to imprison me? That's keeping me from breaking out. That's keeping me from living up to my true potential. That's keeping me from really being happy. That's keeping me from having a sense of adventure and excitement in my life. What's keeping me from controlling my destiny? That's what I fear. And I'm giving that permission to notice what I said. That we must give our permission to fear to immobilize it. Because whatever discomfort you experience, whatever challenges a difficulty that it is, you've got to handle it. Got to go up in there and wrestle with it. Will it be easy? No. It'll be challenging. Yes. Friend of mine who's going into recovery. He's been addicted to crack cocaine for years and alcohol. He's talking about how challenging it was and why he was dreading going on going into cold turkey. I said, what do you want me to tell you? That is going to be a picnic? No, it's not. It's going to kick your butt. Yes, it is. You're going to want to die? Yes, yes. That's a part of it. But that's just what you must go through in order to get where you want to go. And guess what? You're stumbling off to do it. You're stumbling up and your life is worth whatever you have to go through. To get past this addiction. Whatever you have to do, this dream you've got, whatever you want to do will it be easy to just run out of there? No. No, but no. No. Would it be a struggle? Yes. Will it be time to and you can't make ends meet? Yes, that's a part of it. Will it be time you want to know what to do? Yes, that's a part of it. See, when you are not filling your life with the things that you are capable of doing, we all have some stuff that we've been given. And I don't think that it's optional for us to sit on what we have. And if you're sitting on what you have, what you've been given, I think everybody's been given something to bring to the planet that only you can do that, only you can perform that, only you can initiate that activity. And if you don't do that, if you're not filling in your life with your life, work or your mission, then there are gaps in your life. And what we do when we're not living out of true identity, we begin to fill the gaps, we fill the holes with garbage, alcohol, drugs, worry, self-destructive behavior. So when you begin to look at your life and you know that you're not doing what you can do because you have allowed yourself to be held captive by your fears. Now, when you don't have a true appreciation and acceptance for who you are and you allow yourself to be immobilized by fear, what happens in the processes that you begin to abuse yourself. You begin to sabotage your life, you begin to sabotage your dreams, you begin to unconsciously work against yourself. You become your own worst enemy. So what do you do about that? Well, you begin to realize that your dream and your gifts have so much meaning and so much value for you to tell your hunger for them will begin to push you past the fear. Your hunger to have them will give you a special drive as you work on yourself, as you begin to acknowledge your true identity, true power, true power. The true capacity you have to bring about change, the miracle working power that you have with in yourself to do the things that you want to do. But there are some people because of their personality, because of their contribution, because of their investment of their time and their energy and the impact they have there that when they go, everybody will miss them. So when mother Teresa checks out everybody will know, when Rosa parks, everybody will know, Nessa and Van Miller, everybody will know why because of their contribution. See, but there are some people because their contribution is so small. No one will care. One thing before you are boxed in very, decide that you're going to box and bury your fears, decide that you're going to begin to live life on a new level, seeking out new horizons that you're going to find more love and more joy and more ways to give more to life. We go through life really blocking ourselves constantly and fears one of the greatest instruments that we could use to stifle out true potential. When you begin to look at your life, you can decide to use fear as a blocker or you can decide to use it as building blocks. But you decide, hey, look here. I'm going to move in this direction. I'm not going to allow anything to stop me from doing what I want to do. The life is too sharp for that. Too sharp and unpredictable, mosing through. Not trying to disturb anything. Not trying to shake anything up. Not trying to make any waves. You see, there are some people who have become through the universe and their level of contribution and the level of energy they manifest is so small, so inconspicuous that we when they go, you won't even know they left. Everything a man does from self, guess what? He takes with him, but everything he does from others, he leaves behind. So when you begin to say, what is it that I want to leave? What contribution that I want to begin to make? What difference do I want to make in life? What is it that I want to do with the rest of the life that I have left? What chances I need to take? What risk do I need to begin to embrace? What fears do I need to step on? What areas of my life are my dead right now? What dream you can either live your dreams or live your fears? You have got to get to a point where you say, I'm sick and tired of living like this. There's gotta be more. That's the thing, that's when people go out and strike out on their dreams. That's when people get out of relationships where they're dying together, rather than growing together. The impulse to dream has been slowly beaten out of me through the experience of life. And most people, ladies and gentlemen, have stopped living their dreams because of the lessons they've learned from life or things they've picked up because we've only been born with two fears. The fear belongs to the fear fallen. All the other fears of fears we learn. Fear's we pick up. Whatever you stand up, you're alive, the value you brought to the planet, far more important. Whatever you say, you're stronger. So as we begin to look toward the future and look at what will it take? Just to break through those fears. One acknowledging the fear, knowing it's all right, some fear is healthy. Beginning to know that your dreams, your passions, your drive to achieve whatever it is you want, as it has more power and meaning it will move you past your fears. As you begin to feel that you deserve it, your passion and goal is so strong. The fears won't matter. You begin to trust yourself and put yourself in the situation where you have to make it happen. You will make it happen. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe this. I know this from my own life experience. I know that you've got greatness within you. I know that you have unlimited potential in you. I know that you have something to give to the universe. I think it was Joe Frasues said this would. He says all of us are like the blind man at some point in our lives standing on the corner, waiting for somebody to lead us across. It's all of us at some point in our lives. Need some help. Need some one to reach out to us. The thought, the lifeline. The helpers go across some treacherous waters that we couldn't navigate by ourselves. None of us do it by ourselves. All of us at some point in our lives. We need that kind of help. We need that kind of assistance because we go from the people we have in our lives that can enrich our lives personally, professionally, spiritually, and all the dimensions of our lives. We don't grow in about you. So you look at yourself, what a fears you have that maybe you need some help. Instroving yourself in that area, as you assess your strengths and your weaknesses, as you begin to approve yourself and your passions and your dreams and your goals and the things that you want. If you decide to experience all of your true potential, as you decide to manifest all of your greatness, as you decide, we're in a minute. What else is available to me out here? If I decide it to experience the fear of rejection, the fear of no, the fear of failure, the fear of standing by myself, what else is available, of taking a chance, of fear of losing it all? What else is available to me that will bring some extra meaning and value? The fear of people not liking me. You know how many people do things they don't want to do because they want everybody to like them? Accept yourself, then you accept the fear as a fact and not a force. So when you accept yourself and you accept fear as a fact, that means that it's something that happens and something that you're going to experience, but it is not a force to hold you back. It doesn't have any special power other than that that you give it. So you accept the fact that you are free and then you move on anyhow. You can have fears. Don't surrender. Don't let your fears have you. More than capable of making this your decade.