This is the draft report on you. Basically it goes. Poor build. Skimmy. Blacks great physical stature and strength. Lax mobility and ability to avoid the rush. Lax a really strong arm. Can't drive the ball down field. Does not throw a Roy tights fire. A system type player who can get exposed if forced to have limb. And gets knocked down easily. I can't get the entire duck because I'd be a big enough to help these people know. Does it bother you that so many people are happy to see you fail? Absolutely. Because at the end of the day, all the people that are there voodoo need to fail. They did it. They got to wake up tomorrow. Had the same life that they had before they woke up today. They got the same personal problems they had today. And I'm going to continue to live the way I want to live and continue to do the things that I want to do. We're meeting my family and be happy with that. So they could get a few days or a few months or whatever the case may be. Being happy about not on myself with the mind. I mean, he now comes from the goal, but you know, you gotta get back to the real world and something like that. You don't pay a lot attention to reviews and those kind of things. Well, you know, you're always affected by opinion, but the more opinions there are of you, the more I, the less I look at them because I just can't live my life based upon what other people think about me. So I can't concern myself too much with what other people think. It's just not healthy. I don't think I could continue to do what I do if I was constantly worrying about what somebody thought about it. My father, he's in his embarrassment for me and was stuck in all over me. I think every time I say I'm about to do something, people are waiting for me to fumble. That's probably one of the biggest motivations behind a lot of my rapes is the amount of people that want me to fall or whatever. I think that should be the motivation for most rapper. Further, you climb towards the top, the more the more energy you have on your pant leg dragging into the bottom. So many people I talked to at that time for all you pay, they say, this is the stupidest idea you have ever gotten. But I think I don't wear this stupid club as long as people use it. Now we have a hundred and minute people using this Alipay. I'm going to do something I've never done before and I don't know how, but I can imagine it. I want to engage in the unknown. I truthfully want to pursue the unknown and in the pursuit of the unknown something comes to realization and I'm never prepared for it. So when I set out to do what I set out to do, I set out to do the impossible. Everybody told me you're nuts, you can't do that, you can't do that. That's also consistent with all entrepreneurs. There's always a legion of people who will tell them you can't do that and even if you could, why would you? There's so many better things to do. Well, the biggest struggle man was just getting around other people that would say I could do it. That's the biggest struggle. You get around one guy says, yeah, you can do it and then you talk to him tomorrow and he's like, no, no, it is freaking me. There's so few people telling you to do it. You know what there is a lot of? Save your money, protect yourself, conserve, don't spend, don't take risk. Take in risk is the new way to be risked versus. The biggest struggle for me was my family man. The people closest to me was the biggest struggle. Every time I went out to do another deal, everybody told me, you don't need to do that, man. It wants to be accelerated on and then you got somebody in a backseat saying, hey, be careful. Nobody likes a backseat driver, okay? So they're sitting there, they're putting mental pressure on the brakes when you're trying to accelerate. I think I've been insatiable appetite to make things and share things with the world. I have compelled beyond a reasonable doubt to do what I do. I don't think that it can be a reasonable or logical choice. I think at a certain point you're compelled to do it. It's too painful to brutal, too neurotic of a path to take. So I think that that compulsion has to be there. It has to be something that you can doubt all the time, but deep down the side you know that this is something you have to do. And I think I've dealt with some of the adversity, some of the challenges of which we've had many. I started a band in the world laughed at me. And we've had an incredible life as a result. So if I had listened to the choir to the chorus of everyone, I would have stopped. Because that's what people want you to do. For some reason, some people would rather kill your dream than see you succeed. I don't know what that is, you know? I think it's important to be stubborn and to follow your dreams no matter what. The only prize is this one and what you feel and what you want to accomplish. And if you can, as you start out, these, what could be the leaders or could be fat players, I feel that I very often watch a lot of young people sort of manned around without any idea about why they're doing what they're doing. I mean, to want and to be ambitious and to want to be successful is not enough. That's just desire to know what you want, to understand why you're doing it, to dedicate every breath in your body, to achieve. If you feel you have something to give, if you feel that your particular talent is worth developing, is worth caring for it, then there's nothing you can't achieve. Thank you.