I've never really been like a... I don't really care for numbers at much. What I can't more about is the support for... that I get from all you guys. That means so much more than just a random number, but... I just thought I'd drop by, say hello, and really say thank you. It means a lot to me. I love making these videos, and you guys are my main motivation of wanting to make these videos. So yeah, thanks again. This is just a quick, thank you video. Hope you have a nice evening, day, morning, or whatever. And this is PewDiePie signing off. PewDiePie! When I started doing YouTube, I was in college. I was in a student loan. I couldn't even afford a proper computer that I could record gameplay on. Shortly after, I quit college, and so I had to get a job, and I took whatever job I could get, which was to work in a hot dog stand. I was the happiest I was at that time, because I was finally for the first time in many, many years, doing what I wanted to do. And the fact that I could make videos was so much more important to me that I had to spend a few hours a day doing a job that wasn't that prestigious. I really think that money doesn't make you happy. I am just as happy as I am now, as I was five years ago. I think that's what's cool about YouTube. That anyone could technically do it, right? I do want to finish off by just saying, thank you so much to all of you who watched my videos, enjoyed them, and support what I do. It really does mean a lot, and I'm just happy doing this. I would be doing it even if I was still, and not as big as I am. And yeah, today we're gonna celebrate because I have 100 subscribers. To a lot of people, 100 subscribers is probably an insignificant number, but to me, to me, it means a lot, so I just wanna thank you guys so much. Like for all your support, it doesn't matter if you're, I don't know, a new subscriber or being here. I don't have a long end this one and a half months, maybe. I just wanna thank you guys. I love y'all equally. Thank you so much for commenting on my videos and rating them, subscribing, and participating in any way. It just makes me happy. And I don't do this because I wanna be famous. That's the main thing I wanted to say. The only reason why I do this is because it's fun, and you guys are the biggest part of that. Because of you guys, that is actually a fun, and that's why I make videos, and that's why I'm gonna keep making videos. So thank you guys again so much.