Stand up! Laurie Mulan I needed another guy, set my Schuld out by I would not know either one of my daddy came up here. But my mother came up here. Given the fact that I was born and abandoned building on a floor, being labeled as an electrical motoritarian. Oh, no! Oh, no! No! She said no one could have convinced me that day when I walked in that house. And this lady was holding you and your brother. And she said, man, I want you to promise me two things. And she said, what is it? She says, one promised me that you won't separate them. She said, I want them raised together. I want them to know each other. I got pregnant while my husband was away in the war. And I can't keep them. Promise me that you won't separate them. She said, I promise I won't. I've never had children. I promise I won't separate them. And she said, promise me that you never tell them about who I am because if my husband ever found out he would kill me, she said, I promise. And she said that she gave them to us and she kind of cried and she was walking out the door. And she looked at my doctor's mother. She said, remember, don't you separate them? She says, well, God, I won't. I'm afraid of my people together. And she said, if I held y'all in my arms, I never had any children in my own. I didn't know how I was going to do it. And I knew what they helped up God. How would you? It lays in Dittamun. My mother had a dream of having children. And raising us. She didn't know how she was going to do it. She went out to my fifth grade. I also identified as EMR labeled Educable Mental Retarded. Put back from the fifth grade to the fourth grade. I failed again when I was in the eighth grade. I have no college training. And a man changed my life and I'll never forget his name, Mr. Louie Washington. He's in his 80s now and he's buying from glaucoma. But he gave me a different vision of myself. I was in his class waiting on another student. He came and said, young man, go to board and work just problem out for me. I said, oh, sir, I can't do that. It's a why not. I said, I'm not one of his students. He said, look at me. Yes, sir. Go to the board and work the problem on anyhow. That's it, sir. I can't do that. He's it why? It's a serve because I'm Educable Mental Retarded, sir. I'm in special education. And the student started laughing. They said, that's Leslie. That's not Wesley. He's detain Wesley is the spot where he's at. What does detainst? I said, I'm the dumb twencer. And as the students laughed at me. He came from behind his desk. He looked at me and he said, don't you ever say that again? Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. On one hand, I was humiliated. But on the other hand, I was liberated because he looked at me with the eye. The murderer who said, look at a man the way that he is. He only becomes worse. But look at him as if he were what he could be. Then it becomes what he should be. And so we developed a relationship. And one of the things that I can just tell you as you think about your goals and dreams, all of us can say in a spirit of integrity that it's possible that if anybody did any point in time, live their dream, then it's possible that I can live my. What I did was I made a mistake. I looked at my goals and dreams. And my mind said, how will you do that? I went from my heart to my mind. And I stayed up there for 14 years. 14 years. I can't bring those 14 years by those years of God. And I've made a mission in my life to help people stop putting it off in procrastinating. The first time I stood up the street, I stood up. And my mind sat down. I looked at the audience and I panicked. I had to introduce the play at school. We're about to start. Right up Mr. Washington, Mr. Brown, where are you going? Mr. Washington, I can't think so. I don't know. Did you hear? Yes, I did. I don't know. I just, I got up then. I looked at him and everything left me. Let me do another day. Please, sir. No, go back out there. Mr. Washington, I'll miss a police. Don't, don't, don't send me out. Then I'll miss a, Mr. Brown, if you run now, you will always be running. Anything is worth doing. It's worth doing badly until you get it right. Why are you moving, right? I got to go to bathroom, sir. Mr. Brown, go back out there. Yes, sir. We have gone. I started playing called 12 A.G.R.N. Directed by Mr. Liori Washington. Now, Randall, the next day. Hey, I'm Falfa! They've dogged me out. They talked about me so bad. The next time I never even came up with a mistake, I've got to stop me so bad. The next time I never even came up, Mr. Washington, Mr. Brown, you're up. I said, no, Mr. Washington, everybody says, no, not him. I said, they're right, Mr. Washington. Not me. He said, Mr. Brown, you're up. Yes, sir. And I went out and pretty soon, with people laughed at me, didn't bother me. They would throw paper and I could catch it without losing my concentration and been one day. I came out and a hush went across the audience. Because it must have been something about me that indicated that I had come to myself. And Mr. Washington had been practicing with me to give a presentation. And I looked at the audience and I said, I choose not to be a common man. It's my right to be uncommon if I can. I seek opportunity not to curate. I do not wish to be a kept citizen humble and dull by having the state look after me. I want to take the capitalated risk to dream and to build a balance of succeed. I refuse to live from hand to mouth and for further challenges of life to the guaranteed existence. For free, I'll come into the state of Carly, I will never call before and in master. No, bend to any threat. It's my heritage to stand right. Trailer in a frame of peace to wear buoyancy. This is our help done. Now having any courage, I used to feel all my life. But people who had Carly's degrees were more intelligent than me. I remember going to see the late Dr. Norman Vincent feel the awful book, the power of positive thinking. And I used to look at him up on stage and I said, I could do that. I would love to talk to people. And I said, I could do that. But then when I started going back to my car, my mental conditioning activated itself. And it said, let's run. You can't do that. You don't have a college education. Let's run. You can't do that. You don't have the training. You've never worked for a major corporation. You can't do that. What makes you think you can earn 5, 10, 15, 20,000 dollars in an hour? You don't earn that now. Working for 2 or 3 months. At the retrain my thinking, because of what I saw, studies indicating the decisions we make in life is directly related to the things that we saw, the things that we experience and conversations we've been exposed to between age zero and five. And so as result of that, my experience, I had to begin to engage in a process of retraining my mindset and I didn't even know what I was doing. It's very important for you to believe that you are the one to make this happen. I remember this high school teacher, Mr. Lua Washington. At the end of school, one June, it was just a few days before we were supposed to leave. And I just got my report card. And it indicated that I'd failed history. And I'd failed English. And I would have to go to summer school. And I was feeling within myself that I was a failure, that I'm slower than most people in getting paperwork. And I was feeling down on myself and very negative. And Mr. Washington was giving a speech to the graduating seniors. And I was in the 11th grade. And even though I wasn't supposed to be in there, because the speech he was giving, that speech was for me. And as he talked, my heart began to beat fast. Tears begin to run by my eyes. And I was in a back-to-listing time. He said, as graduating seniors, a boobety-washing high school, I want you to know all the job blessed and highly favored. And that, as you go to what the future, begin to know that you have greatness within you. And if just one of you here begin to envision yourselves as being blessed and highly favored to reach your goals. If just one of you capture the essence of what that means that you have greatness within you and that's a ability to manifest that greatness. That you can make your parents proud, you can make your school proud, you can touch millions of people's lives, and the world will never be the same again, because you came this way. And the students gave him a routing standing ovation. And as he left the auditorium, I ran down the steps and I caught him in the parking lot. I said, Mr. Washington, he said, yes, I said, do you remember me, sir? My name is Leslie Brown, my mother. She works in the cafeteria here. I'm wondering twins, Leslie and Wesley has said, Mr. Washington, but you know, I got these big dreams. You know, I like talking to people, I love people. I want to work with people, and I got this beam above my mom and home. Could I do an extra Washington? He said, it's possible, Mr. Brown. And as he walked away, I called him again. I said, Mr. Washington, he said, what do you want now? I'm the one, sir. I said, I'm the one, you remember me, sir? I'm this maybe Brown's foot. I'm the one. I'm the one. My first major goal was to buy my mother home. And let me tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, what will reasons do less? Nietzsche said, if you know the wild ball, doing, you can endure almost any harm. What do you mean by that? If you know why you're doing something, when the hard times come and they're going to come, when the disappointments and rejections come, and they're going to come by the truck blows, your reasons will be a rod and staff to comfort you. To pick you up once again, I got to say, on one of my tapes in life, knock your down, try and land on your back, because if you can look up, you can get up, let your reasons get you back up. Let's about and really do it for life, you know, and I said, I could defend the district, you know, I said, because I won't do my mother home. You said, hey, listen to Paul Habit, you're not practicing, going to fight, struggling, he comes around every day, why? Because if you want to be successful, studying the people that are doing, what you want to do, he's the best in the world that attempts communication. I suggest to you, you look at what you want to achieve. Look at the top of Chievers, understand and know, they are only an example, they are not in exception, they're an example of what you can do, because success leaves clues, follow the system, watch the leaders, and study them. I did that, and he said, Mr. Brown, detoxify your life, let all the negative people in your life, go, cannot change him, no! It's a full-time job changing yourself, he's right. All my life, people have always compared me to my brother, because I'm not smart like him. It takes me to longer to get things than most people. I have to hear it again, and again, but once, I have to try and understand the fact that I don't want to hurt the people who are doing this, because I don't want to hurt the people who are doing this, people. I have to hear it again and again. But once I got it there, I got it. You the only person that never called me stupid a dumb. You never called me D.T. The dumb trend. You look like, like, I'm somebody. I've never had a father and I watch you and I want to be able to talk like you. I get choked at some time because I can't get my thoughts out there. I want to do what you do and I want to make my mama proud. He said you can do it, Mr. Brown. I've given you all you can get for me now it's only you want to be a disjockey. Go out into the marketplace. I became the Aaron Boy for the disjockeys. I'd go get the lunch in their dinner and I stand in the control room watching them move their hands knowing my time will come. One day it was the Saturday afternoon. A disjockey by the name of rock and roger was drinking while he was on the air. He began to slur his words. He got to drunk him. He was about to fall off the chair and I was alone in one there. Looking at him from the control room window. Ten pretty soon the phone rang him with a general manager and I said hello. He said rock and finish the show. I said I know. I call my mom and my girlfriend to Sandra said you all come out in front of the radio. I'm about to come on the air. He said, young boy you're not a worker control. I said yes sir. He said one and said, wait the record don't you say nothing here. I put on a fast record. I say, look out this is me. I'll be trippled. He yes Brown you've played a plan popper. There would not be for me and there will be none at me. I remember when I bought the home from my mother and she came out of the car when I opened the door I said my mom I think I know these people in his house. That's my first major goal and then I couldn't conceal it anymore. I said my mom I got this for you and as she went from room to room looking at the house and saying thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. No one ever could have convinced me that this could have happened to me. I remember when I was in broadcasting when I was a district. I became very controversial not only being a district but I felt that radio was something that you not only entertained people with but you also empower them. You educate them and I got fired. I did just leave a fired me. They took my microphone. I thought that was who I was. No, no ladies and gentlemen it wasn't. I had to do something else and I didn't know what else I could do. See life it moved on and said less Brown you have I grown this. It's time you know what else. And so guys suggested to me he said less why don't you run for office. So I ran. Now here's what I'm suggesting. I ran. You got to do what you can where you are what you have. I didn't have any money. I didn't know anything about the political process. I didn't even have any support. But here's what the guy told me. It's possible you could wear. I told her. I was running against the endorsed candidate. He was in the company. He had the new state of support all of the leadership in the community. And I was challenging this guy. So I had to say when I was on radio stand up for what you believe in because you can fall for anything. And I would go and go to the district of the city. I have my kids and one side of the street. I would be on the other. I did not go on door tell my name is less Brown. Tell everybody I'm still standing. So I'm saying just keep moving. Don't stop feeling side for yourself. Don't spend time blaming and talking about what happened to you. See whatever you talk about. That's what you multiply and expand in your life experience. So don't talk about stuff unless you want to keep what happened to you. All right. Eventually we got close to the election and something happened that really surprised. Guys who I thought were going to even support me. I'll stay out of it. various powerful community leaders. They became involved in it and they endorsed my opponent. I felt devastated. Now that's going to happen to you and you're working on your dreams. Things are going to happen. That's going to catch you on the blind side. I was shocking to me. Usually in the state represented race. Maybe three or four thousand people will come out to vote in a primary. And that primary race over 27,000 people came out and voted. I won ladies and gentlemen. So you've got to be willing to say focus to be creative to be a relentless because things are going to happen to you when you're working on your dream. And so the things happen in life when you have goals and dreams. Things happen. Had no idea. Midway of my third term. My mother became meals. She was diagnosed with breast cancer. My brothers and sisters called me and said they're going to put it in a nursing home. And I said no. They said we thought you would say that. We've interviewed the best nursing homes in Dave County. I said I said no. It's had a problem. How can one woman raise seven children? Who couldn't take care of themselves? But seven grown people couldn't take care of one woman. I had a problem with that. Some resigned from the Ohio legislature and I came back to Miami to take care of my mom and took care of until 89. When I decided to become a speaker, I didn't just quit my job and just ran out and say I'm a motivational speaker. No. What I did was I decided to start looking at other people they were involved in the speaking profession. I volunteered to work with some speakers so that I could learn. I've been an entrepreneur for 20 years. This is my 21st year. I could have been speaking and training for 34 years. But for 14 years I was living in my head. For 14 years I stopped myself. For 14 years I used to go see zig-zagle. I considered a number one motivational speaker in the planet. Zig-zagle and Tony Robbins had the best on the planet. Bob Proctor, they have the best on the planet. Jack can't feel mocked to handson. Teahvekker, I would go and see them and then I would leave. And my conversation with myself was my heart would say I can do that. And then my mind would ask how would you do that, less brown? Listen to me for it. That's the way I felt. And so I had to visualize myself. Speaking before them, speaking before various audiences that had more going for them than I did and realized and appreciate my own value and that I was a worthwhile person even though I didn't have all going for me. I didn't have the money, I didn't have the education that they had. So part of the process is seeing yourself being worthy. I never worked for a major corporation. I wanted to speak for corporations. I was afraid I would be exposed because I don't have a college education. I felt inferior because of the fact that I don't have a college education. I allowed that level of failure to stop me. And because I never had an experienced in it, I assumed that I could not do it. I was paralyzing myself by believing and assuming the limited part of myself as a boars of believing that I had something special. It's hard changing your life. It was hard when just over three years ago and the Panops got building an Detroit, Michigan, where I was operating my business. And I fell on some hard times. And I was sleeping in my office. It was hard coming into the lobby. And the security said, excuse me, Mr. Brown, can we see you for a moment? And I said, yes, and I walked up to the corner and he gave me an envelope. And he said, would you mind reading it here? And I opened the envelope and the envelope was from management that said, this is an office tower. It's not a hotel. Please do not sleep in your office. And I said, excuse me, sir, I just worked long hours in creating my business. I'm an entrepreneur. And right now things are bad for me. But they're not going to be this way always. And I just asked for the opportunity to continue to operate like I'm doing. I'm not trying to make this my home. And it was hard coming through the lobby. And sometimes they would laugh. There's a guy talking about becoming successful. He's getting his bathing in the bathroom upstairs on the 21st floor. He sleeps on the floor. Him and two other dreamers up there. Look at him. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. Coming to speak to people. And I was facing financial difficulties in my own life. I was behind on my bills and my dreams. And I'm saying to them, you can live your dream. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. It was very difficult to pick myself up each day believing that I can do it there with times that I doubted myself. I said, God, why is this happening to me? I'm just trying to take care of my children and my mother. I'm not trying to steal a rob from anybody. How does that happen to me? It was very hard. And here's what I want to say to you. But those of you that have experienced some hot shins. Don't give up on your dream. No one could have convinced me by holding on. By continuing to push forward. By continuing to run toward my dream. At one day, I would have my own to look show. It's a long shot ladies and gentlemen from Liberty City in a abandoned building on a floor. Now we're knowing my mother of father. It's a long shot being here with you today in this dome. And in Atlanta it's a long shot. No college training label, Educable, mental retarded. But I kept running toward my dream. Go stop. Go stop. Go stop. Running toward your dream. It's very important as you hold on to that dream. The moments when you're going to doubt yourself. There are times when you're going to doubt yourself. There are times when you're going to come. But they have not come to stay. They have come to pass. It's very important for you to know that. Don't say I'm having a bad day. Sam having the care to building day. And I remember when PBS first played one of my specials called You deserve. One Sunday afternoon in Miami, Florida. And he watched the program. He called me and Detroit. And I said, hello, he said, You said, you know who this is. I said, oh, Mr. Washington, it's you. He said, you were the one. I said, yes, sir. If you want to think that enough to go out and fight for it. We're day and night for it. Give up your time, your peace and your sleep form. Of all that your dream and scheme is about it. And I've seen useless and worthless without it. And if you gladly sweat for it and fret for it and plan for it, then lose all your terror of our position for it. And if you simply go after that thing that you want with all of your capacity, strengthen the capacity, hate, hope and confidence, and stern If neither co-poverty, family should go, sickness a pain of body and brain can keep you away from the thing that you are. A dog at hand, grand, you besiege and beset it. With the help of God, you're good.