I spent so many years trying to figure out how I wasted 14 years. See, once you commit yourself, the how will come, the way will come. You have the ability to do more than you can ever begin to imagine. The most difficult thing I've ever done was to believe that I can do what I'm now doing. But imagine if you will, being on your deathbed and standing around your bed, the dreams given to you by life, the ideas that you never acted on, the talents, the gifts, the abilities that you never used. And there they are standing around your bed looking at you with large angry eyes saying, we came to you. And only you could have given us life. And now we must die with you forever. If you died this very moment, what will die with you? What dreams? What ideas? What talents? What leadership potential? What greatness that you showed up to brain? That you allowed fear of procrastination to hold you back? I refuse to die and unlive like, don't worry about the art. You want to raise the bar on yourself. Most people won't do that. See, most people engage in low life living, low risk living. If you're not willing to risk, you cannot grow. And if you cannot grow, you cannot become your best. And if you cannot become your best, you can't be happy. And if you can't be happy, then what else is there? No, I'm parked. I didn't have my emergency lights on. I didn't want to show up on the radar. I'm parked. You know how long I'm parked? I'm parked for 10 years. I'm parked. I'm parked. Unless you're tempted to do something beyond that, which you've already mastered, you will never grow. And so you want to begin to take some chance. You want to begin to challenge yourself and make it okay to feel and learn from your failures. Don't allow fear of failure. And the alert, the attractiveness of playing at safe and life to draw you in. You'll discover some things about yourself, and you don't know right now. You can't get out of life alive. You've got to die to leave here. See, most people stop short of their dreams and park and get off the highway of light because of the rejections of life. You will always be rejected. You must be willing to do the things that a others won't do. In order to have the things tomorrow, others will hack. See, once you commit yourself, the how will come. The way will come.