I'm not going to be able to do anything. Larry Willis, a great pianist, told me once. If you take care of the music, it will take care of you. And if you're true to it, you're going to get you what you need. You just have to put all in. You can't just put a little bit. You got to put it all in there. Listen, any young aspiring musicians out there, and music is what you want to do. And music is what you love and your passion. It doesn't take a fragrance. It's not about the tabloids. It's about you putting in the work, practicing everyday, practicing your vocals, practicing your instrument, practicing songwriting. And hopefully one day you write the song, you know, the whole world wants to get down to. Honestly, if you're good at what you do, people will recognize that. I really believe it. I really believe that going out and playing good songs live as a great live band will make you successful. I really think it will, and it doesn't matter if you're at the shit hold down the street or you're on the side stage of Bonnaroo or your headlining willopalooza. If you're a great band with great songs, people will notice it. That's it. It's all it is. It's fucking, it's that simple. Fuck. Product placement and fucking labels and anR people and all that bullshit. It doesn't fucking matter. I swear to God. It doesn't matter. And if you back that up with the idea that just playing those great songs in your great live band is enough reward for you than your fucking set. But you've got to be badass. You just have to be really good. It's the other things that make up for your musical inability. That's what it takes. You don't have to stand in line at the song contest on TV to become a fucking popular musician. To stand in front of some judge that doesn't even fucking play an instrument on their own goddamn records. Tell you now you're not going to fuck that. You know, go blow people away in their face. And so it's kind of, you know, it's, I honestly believe it's that simple. I just do that if you put me on stage without a fucking PA or floor monitors in a small club that I would beat the fucking shit out of my drum so much that people go God damn, did you see that fucking drummer? Whoa. And I'd walk away from every show like, there you go. I'd just beat the fucking piss out of those things and people saw it. And I think that that should go for pretty much every part of the process. Well, it's easy for you to say. I'm like, man, I was in the same fucking position you are in 24 years ago. I was it. I worked in a fucking furniture warehouse and I wanted people to like my music so I played out as much as I could, you know. And if you really honestly, I'd like to say if you're passionate and driven and focused in what you do, really fucking good at it, people will take notice.