Dr. Carter had a tear in his eye. I could tell he felt for me. And he said, son, I'm sorry to say you're not going to box again. Vinnie was involved in a very serious car accident that nearly killed him. He broke his neck. I will tell you this, there is no more destructive belief in the world, the thing that life happens to you. The first thing you do is you play what I call the blame game. After months of rehab against Dr. Zorder, he got back in the ring. You stop blaming everybody for why you don't have what you want. You blame the government, you'll blame your family, and blame your spouse, you'll blame the economy, you'll blame anybody and everybody. When you think the world happens to you, the power. The second thing you do is you justify it. It is because the economy is saying it's because people are unfair to me. And I looked at him. I said, no, that's the kind of yellow one. I am going to box again. They justify it. Third, this is the worst one of all, as they complain. When you're complaining, what are you focusing on? And everything, again, life, most of life comes down to psychology doesn't it? It starts here in the internal world before you can master the external world, you have to master your own internal world. That's the true secret to success. You really have to have a passion about it, and you have to have a reason to succeed. You can't, it isn't to be just something you want to be. The number one thing that's gonna change your life, the only thing that's gonna change your life. The only thing that will change your life, change your business, change your money, change your relationship Is you must raise your Standard The only thing that changes their life long term is when we raise our standards That all of us in life have things we want, we don't get what we want, we get what we have to have But when you're no longer willing to tolerate something, that's when your life changes The difference in people is their standards, period Everyone in the world has a list of things they think they should do I should lose weight, I should work out, I should spend more time with my kids I should work harder, I should make more calls, I should, I should, I should, I should And then you know what people don't do their shifts and they get mad at themselves They beat them up on the bat What changes people is when you're shit, becomes a must When suddenly the thing you said shit happened, has to happen That's when you're in the beings change If you want to take the island and you're the head of the army, you want to take the island The most powerful way to take the island is burn the boats But there's no way to go back, it's amazing what happened when it's a must to do something for it's a shit That's what makes you to be succeed We don't get what we want, we get what we have to have Every human being is thirsty for a vision Everyone is and so few people have it's what they do to gravitate towards someone who has a vision for the future They want to be a part of a vision It's got to be something above your goals And that's your vision for the future It's not just about it, it doesn't have like an ending point, it's about the world being a certain way And that's inspiring to you When you truly have a vision for your future that inspires you, you're going to jump up out of bed in the morning And you feel great about going at life, being miserable and going to a job you hate Or living a life that doesn't empower you and just every day moving through just someone's like a no-time-a-time Not really having the zest and the greatness of life Some of it I love it when someone says, there's never no one has ever done this before Because then when I do it, that means that I'm the first one that has done it So if I know attention to the people and say you can't be done It's not because you set your goals to high and miss, you set your goals to low and you hit them The difference in people is their standards, period And I looked at them, I said, no, that's the kind of year-long I am going to box again It's that extra inch, that's where you want to set your goal, want to set the goals just above your comfort zone And I'm talking about what your parents and teachers wanted to be with you I'm talking about figuring out for yourselves what makes you happy No matter how crazy it may sound for the people I don't think it's that hard, I think what happens though, sometimes is that we let our intellectual selves overrule those passions And so that's what needs to be guarded against To tell you how much power you have in your mind We are all a working progress, we are all a working progress But I just want to remind you of the power of the mind You can create the outcome of your hour, your week, your month and your year You just have to decide in your mind what you want it to be But there's a more power in the mind than you probably like to think and give yourself credit for And I looked at them, I said, no, Dr. Kadya Roanke, I am going to box again