If you don't know, now you know, it's true. Your friends, family, and loved ones will be the first ones to try and talk you out of greatness. When you're ready to do something and try something new, that's out of your comfort zone, that's out of your norm. It's always the one you're dating, the one you married to, the one missing your family, your friends and your immediate circle that will always try and talk you out of doing something special and significant. Walk into bold and uncomfortable doors, without having fear and rejection, without having fear of the word no. Do you know how many people have had visions, ideas, and huge career moves that they were about to make? They allowed the word no to stop them from changing the landscape of their life and their family lives. So many people are afraid of rejection and the word no. It is the saddest shit of a witnessed in my life. So I no longer have fear of rejection. I no longer have fear of the word no. I've never, I no longer give power to the word no. I could care less about you rejecting me, this only means me having visions and ideas and you not seeing what I see. I see what's not there. I need those that can see the invisible can do the impossible. I see what's not there. I have visuals. I have visions of bold and unapologetic. Boldly walking to the moon, which I had held a pie and if they don't get it laugh about, don't disown your ideas because they're disowning your ideas. Don't lose confidence in your ideas because they don't have confidence in your ideas. You got gifts, you got towns, you got capabilities, you got inventions, you got phone apps, you got all of these things that you need to unleash on the world. You don't have money, you may not have the financial resources, but don't allow your visions and ideas to be stifled because of what's in your bank account or not. When you have visions and ideas, you do any means necessary to get ahold of the investors and the people with all the money in the world don't have your ideas to see to it that your ideas come to life. I am so proud of you already because only a chosen few will hear this message and you're going to reactivate the beast inside of you and move on those visions ideas and inventions. I'm proud of you. I'm celebrating your success already. What is the secret of cheating goals? How do you plan to hit, put it down to every day you know if you're going in that direction success or maybe you're altered. People like me as a huge genetics is a year. The potential is that when it comes down to it success is nothing to do with the potential. It's all about the perseverance of somebody. That will override any endeavor. If you throw shit against the wall, eventually something will stick. You guys said, our heads potential don't have this potential. That's your ideas. What continues the last forever is a person there and so always show up. That's what champions do. Every single champion is the same as every ordinary person. They're no differentials, they show up to the event every single day. They see failure as a learning curve. They welcome failure. You learn more from failure than you ever were from success. So showing up and getting knocked on your ass on the test of 40 stand back up, every day they send a endeavor. It's going to be the overriding factor that makes a difference. How do you know when you're doing those things? The small things are like add up to those big, monumental things. One of the small things is a care-for-body block. Your name means something you hold value to your name. If you drop trash from the ground, you pick it up because that's your responsibility. You hold value to yourself. When you shake your hands, you look in the eye, you're going to burn your handshake. Stir here for a purpose. Everything we do, you do to the best of your ability. It doesn't have what you're doing. It's that that you're doing it. Therefore it means something to you. That's going to build the legacy. That's the title out there doesn't mean shit. You win the title fine. That title will not get you another title. What you're trying to build is legacy. You know, footprint behind you. There are left motivation, so enough to follow. Legacy is built daily through the character, the real power, the code of conduct within somebody. And that's the person here who's showing up every single day. That will always achieve your goal. It doesn't matter what you're born with. It doesn't matter. You're potential, how much it's silver spoon and money you have. All that can be attained if you show up. And you're willing to risk failure for success. Want to introduce you all of this very simple concept? That if you want it, you gotta go get it. Some of y'all got this concept of what you want, what you want to accomplish. You know, some of y'all are motivated by broke. I'm broke, I'm stuck, I'm fucked up, I can't do nothing. I'm a y'all, I'm motivated by just wanting to accomplish the things that you want to accomplish. Other folks are motivated by materialistic things. So very simple concept. If you want it, you gotta go get it. And what does that mean? That you try to convince me or anybody else that you want to get it when you party in all week. As soon as you get any kind of money, you buy in a bunch of shit that you really can't afford. What you got to lay this iPhone for? See, everything about what you're doing and the way that you're moving is to get me in the way of the big picture. You're still clever, you're still party, you're still popping bottles with bottles, you're doing the most. All ready. You can't even open. You're trying to convince everybody around you that you are, but you're not on. You know the truth and I know the truth. You ain't on. Most of the people who really ain't got it, they go out of the way to try and show people that they have it. It's time to stay focused. It's time to decide. Fuck clubs, fuck party and fuck trying to fit in and socialize. Rub elbows with everybody so people can stop calling you weird. Why are you so anti-social? Because I'm trying to get it. Why are you standing on the basketball court so much because I'm trying to get it? Why are you out there practicing in a hot sun when anybody else out there? Because I'm trying to get it. Why are you not clubbing like every time I text you and invite you to go do some fun and cool, you always study it because I'm trying to get it. Let me tell you something. The more weird you are is a reflection of how committed you are to focus it on your shit, molding and shaping and developing your ideas and your crap so that when it's time for you to make your rounds, you're going to fly. You still got work to do. Stay on that basketball court, stay on that football field, fuck all the homies, text and then call it and trying to make you feel bad about being so focused. It's grind season homie. It's not about today, it's about the future. You do the work now, do the work now and all of the shit that you could ever want to do for your family, your kids, your loved ones. It's all going to be on the whole other stratosphere. It's time to stay focused. This is what I hope. I hope this video makes you uncomfortable. Because I look at this, I look at this as a mirror. I get to look yourself in the mirror and ask hard and tough questions. What am I doing every single day with my life? Creating obstacles, challenges and distractions for myself. I am so proud of you already because only a chosen fuel here is this message and you're going to reactivate the beast inside of you and move on those visions, ideas and inventions. I'm proud of you. I'm celebrating your success already.