Last month in Paris, World Leaders reached an historic agreement that provides concrete framework to reduce carbon emissions. This was an important first step, but we're a long way off from claiming victory in the fight for our future and for the survival of our planet. The Paris Agreement was a call to action, but is now up to all of us to build this progress with ingenuity and commitment to change. Together we are fighting to preserve our fragile climate from irreversible damage and devastation of unthinkable proportions. In Greenland and in the Arctic, I was astonished to see that ancient glaciers are rapidly disappearing, well ahead of scientific models. An India, I met farmers who have seen their crops, their very livelihood, literally washed away by historic flooding. There is no doubt to the World Scientific Community that this is a direct result of human activity and the effects of climate change will become astronomically worse in the future. Those who deny the reality of climate change will also find themselves less economically successful. We simply cannot afford to allow the corporate greed of the coal, oil and gas industries to determine the future of humanity. Last week, President Obama told those who continue to deny the irrefutable science behind climate change, they will find themselves increasingly lonely in its swell of voice as a call for action. Those entities with a financial interest in preserving this destructive system have denied and even covered up the evidence of our change in climate. Enough is enough. You know better, the world knows better. History will place the blame for this devastation squarely at their feet. Our planet cannot be saved unless we leave fossil fuels in the ground where they belong. Professor Mark Jacobs and an a team of researchers at Stanford University have proven that we can meet the world's total energy demand by using existing renewable technology by 2050. To make that potential a reality, we need the collective will and conviction of political business and philanthropic leaders like all of you. This transition is not only the right thing for our world, it makes clear economic sense and it is possible within our lifetime. A shift of this magnitude will save nearly 42 trillion in global energy costs while creating 20 million new jobs. Over the last several years, organizations and individuals worth $3.8 trillion have already committed to divest their fossil fuel holdings and replace them with new investments in clean renewable energy projects and leaders like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos have already pledged to help build a zero mission future. I ask you to join them because if we all do our part and act with bold leadership, we can achieve major meaningful progress that is not only an inevitable transition, it is also imperative for the future of our planet. 15 years ago today, I developed my foundation to focus on these critical issues. 3% of all philanthropic giving goes towards a protection of our only home planet Earth. I am pleased to announce today a $15 million grant new commitment from LDF to fast track cutting edge sustainability and conservation projects around the world. So much can be done if we all work together. With your help, we can quickly identify and fund the most innovative and effective projects that are the greatest potential to overt the crisis we face. As I look across this room, I am optimistic that our ability to convene the most significant and influential minds on the planet can result in the global transition necessary to protect both our society and our natural world. The challenges before us require each and every one of us to take action, wield this to ourselves, and more importantly, we owe it to future generations who are counting on all of us. Thank you all very much for taking full great on. The generosity is the key to our future.