

=== FILE: 10 Minutes to Start Your Day Best! - MORNING MOTIVATION ｜ Motivational Video for Success [qIBruolKTOs].txt ===

There's also people here who are little dishonest about what they really want to be. And I think if you want to be famous, just come out and say it. If you only recognize success as a record deal and a big fat publisher's clearing house oversized Tiger Woods check and a dinner and then going to the top of the roof and screaming I made it! Most of you will be stunning failures. Don't say I want to be a indie, I'm just going to be an independent artist and really secretly wish that you wanted to be a monster. What's going to be a hit or what stands the chance of being a hit and what just doesn't. And it's a level of honesty when yourself that you have to have before you hand your music out. To anybody else. To find success for yourself. Figure out what that means to you don't get taken over by the world's definition of success or your family or what your friends are doing or what anyone says that equals success. Once you can get clear on that vision, then you need to create a plan to make that come to life. We've all got two wolves in us. And a bad one. And they both want to eat. We're not different. I was you. I sat there watching other people's stuff. And I just got to a place where I was like, why them? Why not me? I hear so many people from every walk of life. How do I make all of this happen? And I think that we all need to take a few steps back. What do you call success? Most people never dare to evaluate really where they are. And start to get clear on our own vision for success and then actually prioritize making that come to life. Because then it gives you such clarity and such freedom and all of that static in the overwhelmed starts to fall away. This is my life's work. What I do here is my life's work. It will define me. Because that was me 20 years ago going, how do I get from here to there? I think about what would you be so passionate about doing that you'd be happy doing it for 10 years, even if you never made a dime from it. I like to say chase the vision, not the money. To show them how simple it is, to show them that their voice is their currency. The thing that you have to say, that special thing, that story you have to tell, nobody else can sell. Why not me? They're doing it. What's the difference? Here are your blueprints. Go do what I did because it rocks. You can't expect a bunch of people out there to believe you are this thing unless you should be this thing yourself. But all begins kind of good view. Money is keen today. It's what makes the world go around. It is success. The more we have, the more successful we are, right? So the question that we've got to ask ourselves is what success? Is to ask what success is to you? Is it more money? That's fine. I got nothing to get money. I don't. If he had friends and peace of mind and good family relationships and the hope that his future is going to be better, he said I'd consider that man is successful. If you try using your own voice, you try expressing your own thoughts that nobody else can do. That's your best shot at success. Because that's the thing you bring to the table, nobody else can bring. Always shoot for that thing that you want to do. Maybe it's a healthy family. Maybe it's a happy marriage. Maybe it's to help others to be famous, to be spiritually sound, to leave the world a little bit better place than you found it. Continue to ask yourself that question. Now you're answering me change over time and that's fine. But do yourself this faith. Whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that will jeopardize yourself. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Be brave, take the hill, but first answer that question. What's my hill? Now if you're looking at somebody else's work to try to gauge your own, as I have for years, you will constantly feel like a failure. Your voice is your only currency in this life. That's all you've got. Things you see and perceive the prism through which you process all the information that you take in as they are the most unique supercomputer on the planet unique from everybody else. That perspective is valuable and insanely valuable because nobody else can give it but you. So first, we have to define success for ourselves. And then we have to put in the work to maintain it. Take that daily tally, tend our garden, keep the things that are important to us in good shape. And you gotta know where you are before you can rid of the term in your change of getting what you really won't out of life. Up until now you've attracted the things to you because of the person you've become. Not get things out there to change. Don't try to change the seed, don't change the soil, don't change the sunshine, don't change the rain, don't change the mix of seasons. You start working on the inside, work on your philosophy, work on your attitude, work on your personality, work on your language, work on the gift of communication, work on all of your abilities and if you'll start making those personal changes, I'm telling you everything will change free. When other folk have it in no good time, you've got to have the strength of character to concentrate, to read, to digest information. We've all got two wolves in. A good one, and a bad one. And they both want to eat. The best I can tell you, he just got to feed that garden a little more than the other. I wish there's a formula to give you. There's not all up to you, it's inside of you. Just do as much as you can. That's what we need to evaluate where we are. Are we investing our time properly using it a resources properly? What will the in-results be?

=== FILE: 2pac's motivational speech - A TRIBUTE VIDEO ＂CHANGE＂ [56toVeV-2GY].txt ===

I can't explain why I shot and no one else I think everybody shines and different things. And a lot of things I can't do I can't play basketball and every other black person in the matter. You were at one point when we came on the bench and ran to the airport? I call it Gerogas. That's when people look at pizza and they might get something. They don't know why they do it, but they do. Whenever I do good or bad, I just got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. So now that I'm out of the zone, I don't mind on the folky brush and people don't like what I say. It's a good idea. I'm just happy I'm not feeling it. I want when they see me, they know that every day when I'm breathing, it's forced to go far. Every time I speak I want to shoot the camera. Every time I speak I want to shiver. I don't want them to be like they know what I'm going to say because it's polite. They know what I'm going to say. And even if I'm getting a trouble, I'm saying that ain't that what we're supposed to do. It's not saying I'm going to rule the world or I'm going to change the world. But I can't tell you that I will spark the brain that will change the world. And that's our job. It's the spark somebody else watching us. It got me the breath of turning what I use. I see myself changing the world. Because my thought parents are so opposite to us, the Lord. So I have to change the world or I have to change my world. Everybody's been pissed. When you work a nine to five, you're going to work for yourself. You're getting pissed on my son. That's not the cry. The cry of his son along your life is up to you, Pan. You have to come up. Everything is going to be stopped in the bottom of the clock. I've never got a chance to be studying acting with great teachers and fine-tune my cry. I've never even been able to control myself into the streets and lines of experiences as a kid. So now that I have my opportunity now to relax, I'll tell you how to work on your cry. I have so many things to draw from and it makes it even comfortable. Now I wasn't doing another thing, it's just like hobby. Now I'm an actor and I don't want to be about to take that fun. We only got two weeks to do this whole life. To plead it. To make sure that it has nothing. We don't have time or the luxury to spend all this time doing one song. We don't have it. I did my whole life three songs a day. We got to stand up at some point and just stop stuttering. Like, since it's always just says, I give a maximum plus. Stop stuttering, stop me buckling and just say what you mean. It's saying loud. So everybody here, you call it a big wrong one. But all this coward and Ryan fell behind the speaker's back. Who got to come out there and we got to say, I know patients that anybody doesn't know. That's too hard out here. I have no feet. I have only ambition and I won't mind and I wouldn't do anything to protect and feed my family. I don't want anybody to follow me whatsoever. I don't want to on me. But I want to do it to believe it. To pop your life has been marred by considerable pain. Do you think you'll ever get to the point where you can live a normal happy life? No. But I have to make the life that I do live as happy as I can and try to do the best with what I have. We could do anything. We can do that. Not my saying this. I got to say this is not black or since white. When I say we, it's the good, the good evil. Because when I'm talking about we could take anything we can have anything because of the belongs to you. If you're white and you got good on your side, I really truly believe that nothing can stop you.

=== FILE: ARE YOU SERIOUS？ - MOTIVATION [njQcOKOpFwk].txt ===

But I want you to know that while they're getting the diamonds and the millions, there are a lot of people around the world for them, it is the worst of times. The best of times and the worst of times. That's called serious matter. How comes such a difference from those who can reach such incredible heights? Those who haven't yet found the answers for their life and their health and their future. We just have to ponder that and let that give us a note of seriousness, a note of serious. It's serious whether you win or lose. It's serious whether you succeed or fail. It's serious whether you've got a good future carved out for yourself or you do not. These are serious matters. Matters of the heart, or serious. Matters of income, or serious. Matters of supporting your family. Seriously. Are you serious? Why? We've got a serious matter here to discuss. We haven't come with the latest 10 stories. We've come with a serious matter and I want you to take on that serious tone. You've got some serious products that answer a serious need out there in the market list. I'm asking you to take your own future serious. What you can do for your family, take it serious. This is serious business. So that's the first thing I want to bring to you. To have the best year ever this year. So that you can say, I made my best to find this contribution to see that goal reached. Not just for the figure, but for all the figure represents for the healing, represents for the restoration of broken lives that represents. And people that are curious about their life and their chances now, in terms on a new road for all that represents. We're willing to make the studies, we're willing to make the commitment, we're willing to do the learning, and find better ways to choose the words, find better ways to reach inside, get heart and soul, mix it all together, and make an impact on people. But here's the best motivation we've got going. The proof of our success. When we bring our success stories to this platform, that's enough motivation. When we bring our dedication and let it show, we let the work of our hands show, that's the motivation we want. Right? Not just excited, just excited when a long one won't do it. Just because you've listened to those million-earth tapes one time, it's no sign you've got it. I'm asking you to listen to them over and over and over. I'm asking you to dedicate yourself to a new level of learning. You know, study, learn, grow, change, develop. Never let it be said you didn't learn. Right? If you want to solve your problems, you've got to learn. If you want to take advantage of an opportunity, you've got to learn. Develop your own personal philosophy here. Philosophy, major determining factor in how your life works out. Each person's philosophy is like the set of the sale. The same wind blows on us all. The difference in where we arrive at the end of the week, at the end of the month, at the end of the year is not the wind that blows. And the wind is blowing around the world. The world is in solution. Things aren't a changing. The walls have come down. All kinds of things that are happening in Russia tonight, today the winds are blowing. But what's going to make the major difference? Each person's personal philosophy that sets a better sale, sets a better sale. So don't ask for a more favorable wind. That's like wishing something that's not going to occur. Don't ask for a better seat in soil. All you got is what's available. Don't curse what you got. On this planet all we got is the seed, the tear, the soil, the tear, the miracle of life, the tear, the opportunity, the tear, the seasons that are here. That's all we got. Whatever you've come from in your country, the economy you got, that's all you got. In America, our economy, that's all we got. The government, that's all we got. The marketplace, that's all we got. Whatever you do, don't criticize all you got. The key is to set a better sale and turn what you've got into the miracle of your future. Don't wish it was easier. Wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems. Wish for more skills. Might go home and set a whole new pace for yourself and we call it cleaning up neglect. Should walk around the block, could walk around the block for your good health. Don't walk around the block. See you're on the wrong track. Should read, could read, don't read on the wrong track. Should call, could call, don't call on the wrong track. Could change, should change, don't change. You're on the wrong track. Letters you haven't written conversations you haven't had with your family. Somebody you should sit down with when you get back home, get that job done. Don't let in neglect. Destroy your days, destroy your life and destroy your future. Go back and do what you can. And if you'll do what you can, then life will give you some extraordinary things to do. Do you start first with the smallest of disciplines and do not neglect them and do not disregard them as being trifling. Everything matters. Everything's important. All disciplines affect each other. In fact, here's a good philosophical phrase. If you haven't thought of it before, here it is. Everything affects everything else. It's so easy to be casual and say, well, this doesn't matter. I'm telling you everything matters. Of course, some things matter more than others, but there isn't anything that doesn't matter. If you'll be faithful, if you'll be disciplined when the amounts are small, we'll make you a ruler, give you a position of authority when the amounts are many. Stay care of your disciplines when the amounts are small. And then life will see two of that you get some extraordinary numbers to work with, like you saw the stories displayed here. Do not disregard the smallest of disciplines. Let us not neglect. Do not neglect the smallest of disciplines. And build on that foundation. And you can have everything you could possibly want. You see, well, what can I do about the upcoming winters in my life? The challenge is that I know I'm going to face. Here's what you can do. You can get wiser and stronger and better. Just make a list of that trio of words. Wiser, stronger and better. Go home smarter than you came. Go home with more ideas than you came with. Next, get stronger. You can develop the muscle. You can develop the courage muscle. You can develop the inspiration muscle. You can develop the dedication muscle. You can get stronger. There's anybody here that can't get stronger. Next time we see you, may not even recognize you. How strong you're going to be able to become in language, style, personality, ability to cope, ability to handle with anything that happens no matter what happens. The key is not to wish for a better winter. The key is to wish for more strength, more wisdom, more courage, get better, get wiser, get stronger. And you've got to learn not only to nourish your values, you've got to learn to do battle with your enemies. Whatever threatens you, I'm asking you to threaten it back. Take care of your responsibility. Don't take anything off anybody. Somebody wants to destroy your chances for a good future by their negative top, negative thinking, putting it all down and telling you. Walk away if you have to. Walk away. Whatever threatens you, threaten it back. Whatever threatens your opportunity, threaten it back. Now, some of our enemies are on the outside. But here's the most important thing to understand. Some of our enemies are on the inside. Let me give you a quick list in difference. You've got to do battle with your own in difference. Boy, it's easy to coast. Especially if you've accomplished something in oak, Jordanary now. So this is, I've got to relax. Here's the key. Not too long. The weeds will take all your plan if you rest too long. Don't rest too long. In decision, you've got to make those decisions. The ones who don't turn out to be good, gives you experience to make better decisions. Don't let much time go by without making some decisions. The ones that you can make quickly, make them quickly. The ones that take time, take your time, but get those decisions made. Don't let in decision be an enemy rob you of the future, empty your bank account. Leave you with zero in the purse. Don't let that happen. The next one is doubt. Sure there's doubts on the outside. People doubt that America is going to make it. People doubt that Europe is going to make it. People doubt that Russia is going to make it. The Poland is going to make it. The Czechoslovakia is going to make it. They doubt the whole world is going to make it. But I'm asking you not to pick up all those doubts. I'm asking you to have some faith. Have some courage. Believe, drive your doubts into a small corner. Don't let them lose like a mad dog. Drive you into a small corner. Don't doubt the future. Don't doubt the possibilities. Don't doubt the extraordinary gifts that your distributors bring to your organization. Don't doubt that. Here's the most important one of all. Don't doubt yourself. If I've got miracle working power to change my life, so do you. If I've got the ability to change, so do you. If I've got the ability to read, so do you. If I can discover, so can you. If I can grow, you can grow. If I can grow, you can grow.

=== FILE: Anthony Robles - No excuses - Motivational video [TBQJ_ijbbGc].txt ===

Every soul who comes to earth with the leg or two of her, must wrestle his opponents knowing. It's not what it is. It's what can be that measures work. Make it hard, just make it possible. And through pain, I'm not complaining. My spirit is unconquered. Fearless I will face each foe, for I know I am capable. I don't care what's probable. Through blood, sweat, and tears, I am unstoppable. When I was born, my birth daddy immediately failed. I was born a fun leg and my mom could have walked away, just giving me up for adoption. But she didn't. She taught me to never let what I can do, interfere with what I can do. She didn't protect me from pain and fun, because she knew what would make me stronger. We all wrestle with their own challenges. We all wrestle with their own obstacles. There's always something waiting around the corner that's going to challenge us. But what I like to say is that you can't let the challenge become an excuse. You can't let the challenge pull you down and continue to the math. You have to fight through it and figure out a way to get it done and become unstoppable. You can win my mom got sick at the beginning of my sophomore in college and my step dad walked out on the family. We lost our home and I wanted to quit wrestling to get a job to help pay the bills. My mom refused to let any of us give up. And here I am today National Champion.

=== FILE: Are you scared of change？ - Motivational video [Feat Peter Dinklage] [GBz-pwTyxtA].txt ===

Ever tried, ever failed, no matter, try again, fail again, fail better. I had so many dreams of where I wanted to go, who I wanted to be and what I wanted to do. You have your own story to tell. Theater companies I wanted to start with classmates, movies I wanted to be in, directors I wanted to work with, stories I needed to tell. I packed the life that I knew, with socks and a toothbrush, into my backpack and I slept on couch after couch, after couch, after couch, at friends' apartment in New York, until I wore out their rent paying remains well. I didn't want a day job, I was an actor, I was a writer, I had to get a day job. I dusted pianos at a piano store on let those street for five months. I worked on the property of a Shakespeare scholar for a year, pulling weeds and removing these nests. I went on unemployment once but for not for long I couldn't handle the guilt. Eventually I was able to pay rent for a spot on the floor of an apartment on the lower side but my roommate had a breakdown and disappeared. I helped hang paintings at galleries, paintings that inspired, inspire you to think, I could do that. And then finally after two years of job and couch surfing I got a job in application processing. As a data enter, at a place called Professional Examination Services. And I stayed for six years, six years. From the age of 23 to 29, well they loved me there, I was funny. I smoked in the loading docs with the guys from the mail room and we shared how hungover we all were. I called them sick almost every Friday because I was out late the night before. I hated that job and I clung to that job. Because of that job, I could afford my own place. My dream of running a theater company with my friend and fellow bending to graduate Ian Bell had died. I had only the one window. I myself could not look out the window. It was quite high. No acting agent. And I was 29. I told myself the next acting job I get no matter what it is. I will for now on for better or worse be a working actor. But something good happened. I got a low paying theater job in a play called Imperfect Love, which led to a film called 13 Moons with the same writer, which led to other roles, which led to other roles. And I've worked as an actor ever since. I didn't know that would happen. I was a 29 walking away from data processing. I was terrified. Ten years in a place without heat, six years at a job I felt stuck in. Maybe I was afraid of change. Are you? But this made me very hungry. Literally. I couldn't be lazy. I couldn't be. And so at 29, in a very long last, I was in the company of the actors and writers and directors. I'd sought out that first year, that first day after school. I was, I am, either sucked. Is the rest of your life to meet you? Don't search for defining moments because they will never come. The moments that define you have already happened. And they will already happen again. And then pass us so quickly. So please bring each other along with you. You just get a bit derailed. But soon something starts to happen. Trust me. A rhythm sets in. Just try not to wait until like me, you're 29 before you find it. And if you are, that's fine too. Some of us never find it. But you will. I promise you. You are already here. You'll find your rhythm or continue the one you have already found. Don't wait until they tell you you are ready. Get in there. Say. The world might say you are not allowed to yet. I waited a long time out in the world before I gave myself permission to fail. Please. Don't even bother asking. Don't bother telling the world you are ready. Show it. Do it. What did Beckett say? Never tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. We burn very brightly. Please don't ever stop. The world is yours. Treat everyone kindly and light up the night. Maybe I was afraid of change. Are you?

=== FILE: Arnold Reveals His Secret Mindset for Massive Success [xoXYe9e01_Y].txt ===

Why do you want to work out? What is your goal? The most important thing is that you have a vision. Did you have a goal? Because without that vision without that goal again you drifting around, you're never going to end up anywhere. People don't become successful, just by accidents. You know, I mean, maybe the guy that found Gordon, California, and started the goal rush, but don't count on that. That's one in a lifetime kind of a situation. So you've got to really have a specific order to me to have that vision that I want to be Mr. Universe. They don't want to be the greatest party builder of all time. That was a great vision and that specifically to look like Rich Mark and to be up the other stage and to lift the trophy overhead and to win the championship over and over and over again. So that was a great goal. You have to have a goal. Now it doesn't have to be that specific goal, but it has to have some goal. This is why I always recommend to people sit down, take your time, and say, thinking about why do you want to work out? What is your goal? And then it can be as crazy as this. It could be, you know, I want to impress girls. If that's your goal, so be it, but it motivates you. It could be that you're emulating a certain, you know, bodybuilder or a certain football player, a certain box of whatever it is. Have those pictures put all over the wall like I did when I was a kid. I put pictures of Rich Park and of Sonny Listen, of the boxes and of Ali and of Power Lifters and weightlifters all over my bedroom, you know, a wall. So that every day when I go to sleep, every day when I wake up, I look at those pictures and they motivate me. You need that motivation and therefore you have this kind of imprint in front of you all the time and you know exactly what you're chasing. People always come up to me, this is why I use smiling, you're working at five hours a day, you're doing the same as the other guys, but the other guys have a sour face, they're pissed off that they have to do another rep or another set or something. I looked forward to, I looked forward to another thousand reps of sit ups. I looked forward to another 500 pounds of leg brace or squat. I looked forward to more and more curls and the arms fall off. Why? Because I knew that every rep that I did and every set that I did and more weights that I lifted, I get one step closer turning that vision in the reality. So I was turned on but that I was excited. I couldn't wait to get to the gym. I remembered that when a bit 2045 pounds and barbrave for some the director of stay hungry, said to me that I'm interested in having a come in for reading and working your acting orders because I'm interested in having you in the movie to start with the chef bridges and bitsality fields. I was delighted about that I was excited that that's the pumping of one more and then I said, but I don't want it to weigh more than 210 pounds. You want me to be the movie but I'm weighing 245 to 46 as you're just one of the Olympia, I say in 1974 and I was really at my biggest and but he demanded that and he says, look it's very simple. In the day we start shooting, this is I'm going to put you on the scale and if you don't make the 210 you out because I have someone else in mind and I worked on it that said that visualizing myself very clearly as a lean athlete because that's the only way I could lose that weight in the opposite and get interested in running more because up until the point of the reenlux remiles after training or before training or whatever but now obviously it was 5 miles, 6 miles, 7 miles, 8 miles and they even ran mini marathon in order to lose the weight and I did everything with high reps that was watching my diet or the eight-nodest kind of things and but a day the day before I remember we went Birmingham Alabama the day before was at the YMCA with Bob Rayfordson he was swimming and I was working out and it was running there was a track there and it was running he says let's step on the scale and a step on the scale and the way to 09 so it just shows you what is possible if you visualize exactly what you want to look like and there was no room for any kind of like I can get my act together or anything like this because there's only a certain amount of time but the key thing again is have the clear vision, have the specific core of what you want to accomplish because then you never go to the gym and you say the day I feel down a little bit I don't know what it is all about I don't know my life I'm confused no I tell you that I was a perfect example of someone that was not confident at all I mean when I was a kid that was just like and the other kid that I hang up and problems and orders but when they joined the way they've been club and I won my first little trophy because they did the best clean trick and then me doing another me then they won another little trophy I started feeling like somebody but the bottom line is everyone can use the same method because I used it in politics I used it in making money I used it in everything that I've done in the movie business when you have one little victory little victories add up and that is what gives you then ultimately confidence well for me the most important thing always to have a deadline so when I for instance had a competition and let's say the competition was in the middle of September and it was now beginning of summer so there was no more time to screw around so there was the time now to get going on a diet to get going with the training to not slack off at all because it was a deadline there the day of the competition I had to be in the best shape possible and I knew that if I come to the competition and I lose because I did not sketch on my training the proper way or I didn't have the right frame of mind or I didn't give everything literally broke my butt off I would be just so angry so I never wanted to be in that situation so this is why it was very important to pick that time and to say this is when I have to be in top shape then the work towards that but it's not just with the competition I mean they're always the same in the movie business I mean to me it was always a big advantage when I said okay my movie starts and April 1 and I have now three months so I have to get really in great shape so you picked those times it could also be that they have no movie and you have no missed all in beer no missed America no missed a universe coming up point of those things but you say to yourself the summer starts in June I'm gonna go to the beach in June and at that time I want to be in great shape so that creates an urgency that makes you really start training art and taking it seriously because if you don't have a specific plan then you wander around them and you can have as I have told you many times the best ship or the best plane in the world but if you don't have a specific call where you want to go and when you want to get there you just drift around and you never get anywhere so this is why this is important to create that urgency and a specific time when you want to be in shape well I mean look everyone has a problem with time but the day is 24 hours and we sleep six I know there's some out there that say I need eight what I say to sleep a little faster because the bottom line is we have six hours of sleep 25 hours available save 18 hours now available to you brook you family you're happy is and also to learn something new or to do something new which could easily be that you want to learn a new language or that you want to read and as a new as a solution after read a book every week or where you say I'm gonna go and reshape my body so you're gonna go and take this hour out of your sketch and say I'm gonna train an hour every day so this is for most people who are huge challenge but it is totally doable I can tell them because the kind of things that I did when I came to this country I mean I went to school I was working in construction I was working out my five hours a day I was taking acting classes from eight a decade night to 12 midnight I was doing all of those things I wanted to make sure that out of the 24 hours of the day that I don't waste one single hour those hours were too precious and so there just want to tell people don't give me this thing I have a difficult time and with the time and I don't have time for this now if that you have time you make the time you

=== FILE: Arnold Schwarzenegger - Motivational video [W3-TRUlPeMw].txt ===

I've always believed in numbers and equations and lodgets but lead to reason. But after a lifetime of such pursuits, I ask for truly his logic. It's no good and you need to dump it. Look the most powerful supplement that you will ever have all of you. And by how much money you have to pay personal trainers the most powerful tool you will have to succeed. Most powerful tools you're fucking mind. You know, science has come a long way, yes. But there's something science can't explain. And this whole idea that you need to have, you know, carry a cool around all day and have meals every three hours. You've got to have seven, eight, nine hours sleep. You've got to have this kind of rest before you go to the gym. You've got to have this meal three hours before you go to the gym. You've got to take this supplement 15 minutes before you go to the gym. And intervals during your workout, you've got to take this. You've got to do this. You need to be cautious of all that stuff. It's all bullshit. It was very important to me to build the rest of the body up to that level. And then eventually after ten years of training, a god to the level where we really felt so now, there's the perfect situation, perfect body, the synergy was right. And all that stuff. I didn't want to just be a movie star, one of the best. A great movie star, there's the highest paid movie star and have the buffed a title building. You never want the fail because you didn't work hard enough. You need a guy who's got the mindset, I didn't get any sleep last night, but it's time to work out. Let's go to the gym, let's kick ass. You need a guy like that who isn't thinking about those things. But it gets to the gym and becomes one. I know, it never gets to the gym. If you didn't get as much protein today, you think your sleep is making sure you don't have those types of things. What does a fucking matter, what doesn't matter? Don't fucking step down to make somebody else's silly, as fuck-and-standard. And it's not backed up by fucking new world experience. It's not backed up by fucking a real world experience. You will always be learning and you will always be starting over. The greatest fucking champions I've ever been still. I always wanted to be very intense. I always wanted to be number one. You're thinking too much about the small, you too much attention with small things that don't really matter. And you're not kidding enough attention to the game. Brother, we're basic things to do. And ask yourselves, who do you want to be? I've always figured out that there's 24 hours a day. You sleep six hours. They've ate the hours left. I know there's some of y'all that now says, well wait a minute, I sleep eight hours or nine hours. Well then just sleep faster. I would recommend. You never want to fail because you didn't grow caught enough. And ask yourselves, who do you want to be? You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in the pocket. I was poor because it didn't have anything. I had no money, I had no things with no TV, we had no refrigerated nothing as kids, but I was rich because I had to dream. Dream of becoming the greatest bodybuilder. And I had a dream to use bodybuilding as a means to get into films. Think, deep down and ask yourselves, who do you want to be? Not what but who? And I'm talking to you. I'm talking about what your parents and teachers wanted to be, but you. I'm talking about figuring out for yourselves what makes you happy. No matter how crazy they sound to the people. First trust yourself no matter how, what anyone else thinks. I didn't want to just be a bodybuilding champion. I didn't want to just be a bodybuilder. He said, I want to be the biggest bodybuilder in the world, the greatest bodybuilder in the world, the richest bodybuilder in the world. It's I want to be a film star, and I want to go into politics. I want to be a bodybuilder. But I had no idea that it would go as far as it did. That it would go beyond the body roles, beyond the muscles. And then do movies like, dominate the predator, end of days and stuff like that. That was like, you know, I had to kind of reinvent my dream after I achieved that. Bodybuilding has been a beautiful experience in me, and there will continue to the rest of my life. And I only stopped competing for them, not stopping bodybuilding. It's the greatest bodybuilder! Thank you! There's absolutely no way around hard, hard work. None of my rules fight away of success, who work unless you do. He talked about him winning the mysterious. He says to me, now he's the mysterious Olivia, and then when he competed in one mysterious Olivia, he's goal was to win it, minute guide, which won it, seven-day life. I love feeling like an outsider. I never want to be one of a million. I would have never got the body that I got. I would have been one of a million. I would have never wanted to become the biggest star in the world. I never wanted to lose a competition, or lose an election, because I didn't record enough. I always believe leaving those stone unturned. Muhammad Ali, one of my great heroes, and a great line in the seven, this when it was asked, how many sit-ups do you do? He said, I don't count my sit-ups, I only start counting when it starts curing. And I feel pain, that's when I start counting, because that's when it really counts. That's what makes your champion. That's the way it is with everything. No pain, no game. I mean how many times have you heard that you can't do this, you can't do that, and it has never been done before. In some aspect, I love it when someone says, that never no one has ever done this before, because they mean I do it, that means that I'm the first one that has done it. I love it. So, but you know attention to the people to say, you can't be done. There must have been a time in your life before that when you didn't have any thought to bodybuilding at all. What sort of child were you? Well, I grew up in Austria after I was born after the Second World War 1947. It was poverty, there was no food around, no really nothing, and I think that was the reason why I developed search and tremendous desire. I decided to get out of there and I decided to make it in life to achieve big things. Trust yourself, break some rules, don't be afraid to fail, ignore the nasias, rock like hell, and give something back. Don't be afraid to fail. Anything I've ever attempted, I was always willing to fail. You can't be paralyzed to fear failure or you would never push yourself. You can push him because you believe in yourself and in your vision. And you know that it's the right thing to do, and success will come, so don't be afraid to fail. Each year you live, it's one year less. When you out there, partying, whossing around, someone out there at the same time is working hard. Someone is getting smarter and someone is winning just remember that.

=== FILE: Arnold schwarzenegger 2015 - Motivational video [ptcqyPg1zus].txt ===

Because there's always people out there that they would tell you that you would not be able to do that, forget it. It's a stupid dream that you have a crazy vision of those don't listen to the nice sales. So I think the key thing is that we know where we're going and that you're very passionate about that. You can see it always in front of you the goal. If you think that you're going to go and accomplish something really special and be the best in anything in the world and you think you can do it without working, you make a big mistake. Because no matter what I did, if it was in body building or in acting or if it is in a political arena, it always took a lot, a lot of work. You've got to put it out and you've got to, you know, some that make a lot of sacrifices notice. If you know the real card, forget about it. So this is another rule that is a very important. We don't achieve big things by accident, so shoot for the top. The number one thing is you have to have a very clear vision, a very clear goal of where you want to go. Because only then you will get there. You can have the best airplane or the best chip in the world, but if the captain doesn't know where to go, he will just drift around. Don't be afraid to failure. I mean, how far can you fall? He is the ground. That's his visor can fall. So you know, winners always get up, dust themselves off and move on. If you can keep your head when all about you, all losing their ends and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men dare to you, make allowance for their doubting too. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, or being lied about, don't deal in lies. We'll be in hate, don't give way to hating, and yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise. If you can dream and not make dreams your master. If you can think and not make thoughts your aim, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two ambassadors just the same. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken, twisted by names to make trap for fools, or watch the things you gave your life to. Broken from stupid build them up with one of fools. You can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one to the pitch and dance, and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your thoughts. If you can force your heart and nervous in you to serve your turn and long after they are gone. And so hold on, and there is nothing in you. Except the will that says to them, hold on. If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, or work with kingdoms, nor will us become a town. If neither forwards nor loving friends can hurt you, it's all men can't be with them, but none too might. If you can feel we can't be giving men. With 60 seconds worth of distance run, yours is the earth and everything that's in it. And which is more, you'll be a man in my son.

=== FILE: BOXING MOTIVATION - Witness greatness [SwuYiyvXG3s].txt ===

The Dettication. All work. Dettication. All work. All one man on me. One man on me. The work will go against me. I'm still coming on time. I'm just completely not convinced that there's any box out there today that can be fully made. Former Junior Lightweight, former Super Lightweight & Former Wiltherweight World champion. They're raining. Pound Champion of the world. Hearing money. Glow the earnings. As of right now, who in name will there is the face of Boston? It gets no bigger than who in name will. This is the pinnacle. From Serengany province, Philippines, the far climb of World Champion currently The best player in the world, money, backman, heekee. I'm came from nothing into something and that's I owe everything to God. May 2nd, that's when the world stops. The biggest fighting box in history. The greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, the blue zone. God like the feature that only be special among us will ever take. It's something that truly exists in all of it. All of you, I know you've got him. I know you've got him, but the man's in cover. And we'll show you all of it all. When you lose, you see your mind.

=== FILE: Battleground - Motivational video [cfcRaldmZk8].txt ===

The mind is the battleground. It is the place where the greatest conflict is. There are more people in this room having trouble in their mind than there are people having trouble in their finances. The struggle is in your mind. This is why we have people who go to bad tired and wake up tired. It is the day to ask that you wake up still time. The reason you wake up tired is that you got sleep but you didn't get rest. Your mind has been in trouble all night long. You've been listening to your sleep. I've never walked up in your bed. What's with the bed at all? Talk to me like you really don't fight because your mind has not rested. Your body went to sleep but your mind is still tired of it all for you. Your mind is the battleground. The tension about it telling the universe after your mind. Out to worry, you didn't have to stress you didn't have to break it down. Out to make you quit. Out to make you think that you can't get up. Out to make you feel up on your dreams. The war fairy is in your mind. It's not in your checkbook. It's not in your savings account. It's not on your job. The fight that you got to fight is in your mind. And if you whip it in your hands, you get whip it in your checkbook. You can whip it all, get it soft. You can whip it out of your head. Shut up, let's get out of front. Tell what you have naturally. Skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beaten on your craft. Make a choice, right? You just decide what is going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do. Just decide. And you deserve your hand. I'm here who says you can't. I'm going to do it right. But first, I've got to start. Before anybody else in the world believes it's because you have to believe it. Because you have to have a plan to be going to destroy your plan. Because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.

=== FILE: CT Fletcher - Motivational Speech OBSESSION [dWuGqdsQCm4].txt ===

All the way from the top, the best. Compete-known stays against the best, the strongest muffler of my day. To the muffler, get a rock bottle. Rock bottle. 2005, I had open heart surgery. Emergency, open heart surgery. Turn that surgery flat line three times. Didn't know why I was X. Dead. Came back from the motherfucking dead. You live in the motherfucking dead three times. Oh, came back. The doctor's came in, he lifted me. He was one great powerful man, 180 pounds, swivel double, like a fucking skeleton. My doctor, he lifted me and he said, he's young guy. He was a world champion, yeah, I'm a world champion, a world champion. Last month I lifted me and he said, what happened to you? What happened? I'm a shit up land in one of the woods said, I'm one of my damn stuff. What happened to me? My son had to help me get dressed, had to feed me. Oh, I was fucked up. Had to sit up against the wall, I couldn't lay down flat on my back if I could put my goddamn of some cord in here, die of bread. I couldn't fucking talk, I couldn't breathe with my fucking legs down. I stepped against the wall for eight months, I couldn't lay down flat. I died because told me I would never do this shit at you. I never lift another way to get you. Man, I was the best thing he could have told me. I'm gonna show you a month, but man, I'm gonna prove to you that I can come back, that I will come back because I got this motherfucker right here. I am determined that my mother fucking magnificent obsession, I'm obsessed with this shit. I'm gonna do this shit until they grow fucking dirt, which I'll put my hands until they bury me. 54 years old. My mother, I'm gonna have you sit here for all the time. Sometimes, if you just a little bit too high, get a little too fully yourself, you must be brought down. You will be taught for fucking less. And I'll sit in the eye, not me. She's like, I don't care how bad you are, son. It's so my ass out there just a little bit bad, I'll sit down. Hell, now, mama, somebody got me the best. Somebody got me the best, mama, I love you, but that's me.

=== FILE: Calisthenics Highlights 2013 ｜ MulliganBrothers ｜ [8RI5J8YQHFA].txt ===

Let me tell you something. It's a more rewarding place. What would you get by today? Forget everything else. Forget everything else. Forget that was any sunlight left. What would you spend today? Thank you. When my mind's sleeping now. Did you bring me some stones to drink? Strain up pulses with them close outside. I'm sad for when my belly will light up. When my little belly speaks to my bears. There beneath my bed. And I wish I had a wish. And you whispered to the rest. And then I'm a skirt since I'm something. And I'm going to go. And I'm going to close the other cross. All of it close. Let me tell you something. When my little body is rising in. My balance here and I can't believe. I'm the only one who's dying. If you want to stay in peace. Only one who will believe. Only one who will believe. When my little body is rising in. When my little body is rising in. My little body is rising in. My little legs are turning away. If you want to stay in peace. And I'm going to close the other cross. All of it close. All of it close. All of it close. All of it close. And I'm going to close the other cross. I'm going to close it, but your hearts are too old. But I might see it all might be the наш. Won't you love, tonight? 본래 reborn like star protected fromDon't let thething appear, hold me around. We'll meet again in the Mantle. And he can be mine. Over me, over me, over me Good night, the water is dry Like I was here, I was here I'll be listening to all the sky Baby, what's the difference between you and me? I think that's what it looks like I've been here for a lot of dedication and a lot of components We're going to stop because I got dry I think that's what it looks like

=== FILE: Cancer - Motivational video [The V Foundation] feat Jim Valvano [C8rrDuFLwaw].txt ===

We need your help. I need your help. 500,000 people will die this year of cancer. And I also tell you that one and every four will be afflicted with this disease. And yet, for somehow we seem to have put it in a little bit of the back bone. I want to bring it back under front table. We need your help. I need your help. We need money for research. It may not save my life. It may save my children's lives. It may save someone you love. Six weeks ago, I was given the news that my liver and bones are full of cancer. Just this past week, I found out that it spread to my skull estimates vary. But barring a miracle, it is likely that I will not be here in six to 18 weeks. Or 42 to 126 days. Sounds like a long time when you're waiting for Christmas, or something that's on back order. But when it's the time that you have left to cuddle with your kids, or spend with your husband, it's terribly, terribly short. The cancer does not define me. Cancer can take away all my physical abilities. It cannot touch my mind. It cannot touch my heart. It cannot touch my soul. And those three things are going to carry on forever. Time is very precious to me. I don't know how much I have left. And I have some things that I would like to say, hopefully at the end, I'll have something that will be important to other people too. How do you get through life or each day's the same thing? To me, there are three things we all should do every day. We do this every day of our life. Number one is last. You should laugh every day. Number two is pink. You should spend some time in thought. And number three is you should have your emotions moved to tears. You laugh, you think, and you cry. That's a full day. That's a heck of a day. You do that seven days a week. You're going to have something special. Don't give up. Don't ever give up. And that's what I'm going to try to do every minute that I have left. Thank God for the day and the moment I have. It's so important to know where you are. I know where I am right now. How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? And I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life. You have to have a dream. The goal. You have to be willing to work for it. And I have a role to say nothing great can be accomplished without enthusiasm to keep your dreams alive. Despite of problems, whatever you have, you really be able to work hard for your dreams to become truly kind of reality. Now I look at where I am now. I know what I want to do. What I would like to be able to do is to spend whatever time I have left. And to give and maybe support to others. I just got one last thing. I urge all of you. All of you to enjoy your life, the precious moments you have. To spend each day with some laughter and some thought to get your emotions going. To be enthusiastic every day. But try if you can to support whether it's AIDS or cancer foundation. So that someone else might survive, my prosper and my actually be cured of this dreaded disease. I thank you and God bless you all.

=== FILE: Cancer survivor - Motivational video [Djuro Vukotic] [EeyFmSPDq0I].txt ===

I was basically living my life and then the cancer came. I was close to doing suicide. I was imagine being strong. Imagine being that fit. Imagine looking like the way I did. All the stuff that I had worked for, all the suffering that I had gone through to come to where I was. Like I thought I had made it and then I fucking get cancer. The source of my energy, I wanted to show the entire world. I wanted to show every cancer patient on everybody fighting a disease, fighting a situation in life that no matter in which position you are, it is possible to get through and it is possible to succeed in such a matter that you will be impressing the mother fucking shit out of this world. When I made it out, I made it out the chemo. I made it out because I haven't had a easy life throughout my whole life. It's been a battle. It's been a battle to prove people wrong, it's been a battle to prove myself, prove to myself that I am good enough. It's been a battle in the gym to achieve something. I was just trying to prove that I still have a push up, a push up, a push up, a push up, a set up, I don't fucking care. I tried to do it myself. Just to prove that I still have a push up, I still want to come back. I still have to do it myself. So I got out the chemo. But I was left broken. I had the energy and I had the motivation to fight through. So I hope you guys get a little bit out of this. Never give up on life. When you have a burden upon you, that's when it's time to fuel yourself up to sharpen your mind. When you feel that you're losing everything, that's a situation where you're re-relearn a lot in life. We have to adore the negative in life because the negative situations are those that make life interesting. Are those that make life are those that make life a challenge? Negative experiences? Those that are one that are going to create a bad, motherfucker. I hope you guys liked this video. Subscribe, like and see you!

=== FILE: Carrie Fisher - The Loss Of Fear - Motivational Video [fZGtBeYDbnk].txt ===

When you're in the thick of it which I have been a few times, there is nothing that compares to that. One time I could not sleep and I went to the hospital and they wouldn't give me anything. It took me off all my medicine because I was having an allergic reaction. I stayed awake for five days. That's how they torture people. And I became psychotic. That was very, very bad. That was terrifying. You know, I've seen people, you know, the take all the charm and romance out of self-pity. I'm not really interested in finding it tragic. So anything after that, I've done harm before. Now it's going to be very tough. People talk about experiences where their friend had their arm blown off and said, Could you get my watch? What man has done? Man can do. But what's the choice? You know, you're just going to plow through it. It's really hard. But then the point is to find the funny thing in the hard thing. My abilities are my assets. But I claim it. If I can claim it, it's mine. That you're weak things in a strong voice. I've been able to get through this stuff. And I've been able to, I can't overcome it. But I can use it instead of it. It's, I have problems, problems don't have me. You know, I am, I'm very, I'm not afraid of anything. And that would not be so if I hadn't had to deal with all that. I started a phrase, but I'm not afraid of you.

=== FILE: Change of mind - motivational video [oPeYtl4I0hs].txt ===

Change your mind and it will change your life. Sometimes things happen in your life and it doesn't seem like much of the time. The mind is the battleground. It is the place where the greatest conflict is. There is nothing as powerful as a changed mind. You can change your hair, your clothing, your address. But if you don't change your mind, the same experience will perpetuate itself over and over again because everything outwardly changed. But nothing inwardly changed. You are the reason you look the way you look. You are the reason you're unemployed. You are the reason why you're surrounding the so-disfunctional and negative. Excuse is sound best to the people that's making them up. You got every excuse in the world. That's why you're shitting over. That's why you're nothing change and nothing will change. Change your mind and it will change your life. The struggle in your mind, this is why we have people who go to bed tired and wake up tired. Sleep eight hours and you wake up still tired. The reason you wake up tired is that you got sleep but you didn't get rest. Your mind has been in turmoil all night long. You've been wrestling in your sleep. I never woke up in your bed. The bed at all torqued. Just like you've been in a fight because your mind has not rested. Your body went to sleep but your mind is still tired of it. The war fairs. Your mind is a battleground. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. I'm to worry you didn't have how to stress you didn't have to break it down. I'm to make you fit. I'm to make you think that you can't get up. I'm to make you feel up on your dreams. The war fair is in your mind. It's not in your checkbook. It's not in your savings account. It's not on your job. The fight that you got to fight is in your mind. And if you're happy, you can win the checkbook. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. You can win the game. But you got to try. It's out of your head.

=== FILE: Conor McGregor - Motivational video [CHAMPION] [DBJUgxHHN8Q].txt ===

I'm an upcoming fighter and without a doubt you will see me on the UFC and the Indian near future without a doubt. I'm a professional MMA fighter with a record of four and one. Just believe in yourself, believe that you're better than everyone else. Believe in yourself and be cocking and be confident in them. Believe in humble, train hard. Again keep a living, keep training, keep trying to learn every day. For me, what's unhealthy is living in one healthy life. To me, what's unhealthy is getting up. I go through the same day every day I like, nine to five and then office are in there. Remember that that's unhealthy. That beats your mind. I don't work. I look what I do and that's what I'm doing what I love. My dream is to be number one pretty much my girl is number one MMA. I want to have a better way of building, I want that lightweight build. That's my goal. It will happen and I'll let you know when it happens. On the full computer! I'm going to be a good one. In a minute, two things are planned from all from these past seven months. Number one is the hard work pays off. Number two is that dreams come true. That's what's happening. I will be where I want to be. I'm 100% confident that I will make it to the top. I have the skills, I have the dedication. It will happen. I'll let you know when it happens. For precision beats power and time and beat speed. I knew he would overextend and I knew I'd catch him. If you can see it here, and you have the courage and of the speak it, it will happen. I see these shots, I see these sequences, and I don't shy away from them. A lot of the times people believe in certain things but they keep themself. You truly believe in it. If you become vulgar with it, you are creating that law of attraction and it will become reality. It just goes without a hard work and dedication. Really those pay off.

=== FILE: Conor Mcgregor - Motivational video [JUST DECIDE] [WldsRzmu4zs].txt ===

Being realistic is the most commonly travel road to mediocrity. Why would you be realistic? I'm an open coming footer and without a doubt you will see me on the UFC in the near future, without a doubt. What's the point of being realistic? Something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe and I'm willing to die for it. Every hero you guys had was called an idiot, crazy, a loser. You must break society status quo. It's a choice. You just decide what is going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. I will be where I want to be. I'm 100% confident that I will make it to the top. I have the skills, I have the dedication. It will happen when I let you know when it happens. The first step before anybody else in the world believes it is you have to believe it. Never say never. Because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion. Passing, passing is free. Nobody can charge you for passing. Nobody can tell you what passion looks like. Because that's all about you. Effort, effort is isolate. The reason why effort is isolated, because nobody can dictate. Effort is 100% in the mind. No coach, no play up, nobody else can make you want to the wall. Nobody else can make you finish the tap. Nobody else can do it. If only you're finally figured out how to win real battles, it's kind of the fundamentals. That's what wins championships. That's what wins battles. Because you don't know what time feels like. Make a choice. You just decide what is going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Let's decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way.

=== FILE: Conor Mcgregor ＂Two weight world champion＂ MOTIVATION [Ls0xX6IXPHs].txt ===

The name is all up to my heart, the sea of the sea, the land of the world. I still envision two impossibly tree belts on my shoulders. The Toyars! The Toyars! My dream! Believe in me dream, I'm leaving my dream, I'll set out to do something, and I'm doing it. The last time you were actually a fan in this building, was you being a fan? I was a fan right over there. You were just a fan? Yeah, I was just a fan. When I sat here in this crowd, you was an interesting and solid guy, you know, I realized it's there. It's there for the taking, if I put the time in it. I don't listen to anyone else, I don't hear it about nothing else, I don't want to hear it about nothing else. I still envision two impossibly tree belts. If you can see it here, and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen. A lot of times people believe in certain things, but they keep to themselves. They don't put it out there. You truly believe in it, if you become vocal with it, you are creating that law of attraction and will become reality. I still envision two impossibly tree belts on my shoulder. I just had an outright beg me, and they beg me. Look at everybody up here, they're all dressed like me, they're all trying to talk like me, they're all trying to be me. Everyone in the game wants this fight, this is a lot to be fight. I realize that this is a pain of a... ...a lot of rap, one of one's shoulder, the rap, you're on the other's shoulder! It's a beautiful feeling when preparation meets opportunity. It's probably just to describe a sense of how a team is human from the instrumental serves. The calibenaries still found themselves there quietly occupied their innate body. They made us protect ourselves. Did they never说! The guests Sterners in Venice full of fans and that was something my donas a kid out on my own. But most certainly I'm looking to replicate what I've achieved in my previous promotion in a two-way world champion. Health consecutively. I said I would do it. I will do it. Sooner away we're going to fall. One of those elbows, one of those shots are going to dig into that soft squeeze finder to the temple and that's all she wrote. Two-way world champion. You have to use New York. The Irish Albec. I just want to check on the bottom of my heart. I like to take this chance to apologize. Tats are really nobody. But I dreamed it to reality. Oh, that looks good. That looks perfect. It feels familiar. I saw it so clearly. I swear they got it so clearly. So consistency. Until I just let it tear in reality. So insane this a long time. And I back it up. I back it up. I back it up. I was upon hours of time and dedication. I never slept. I never taken a second of this game. My dream is to be world champion. World lightweight champion in the UFC. I have more money than I know to do it. I have a great life for my kids, my grandkids. Everyone in my family. Everyone that's kind of with me. That's my dream. My dream is to be number one. I dream is to be number one. Which my girl is number one. There's a tight time being for coming down. Nothing is impossible. You know what I mean? You can achieve anything. The reason why we're like tough again. It doesn't mean it goes to you. I appreciate everything. When things are going good, new visualized, these good things happen. You visualize more good things happen. That's easy. What's not easy to do is when things are going back. Things are going bad. And you're visualizing the good stuff. I'm going to continue going on this journey. And if the title shot is next, I will take it. If not, I'd end it down already. Feel like that is mine. I already feel like that belt is mine. So, eventually one by one, I will get every single one of them. Until there is no one left.

=== FILE: DEPRESSION - Motivational Video [48H7FkH7EeQ].txt ===

I don't know many people actually worth knowing who don't have a mind that sometimes leads them astray. I think most of the world's advances in creativity and invention and in almost anything have been done by little spurts of madness. I tried to end my life and remember the kid. We're all scared inside. We may all walk big and those guys who walk along look really cocky. They're the ones who are most scared. No matter what happens to you in your past, you are not your past and what the resources you've gained from it. That is the basis for all change. Because the worship of life is, if you've survived the works of the words, you've made the biggest mistakes and they're still breathing. You can learn from the napioz muscle. Sometimes life does seem unsupportable. Not for any logic reason, that's the point. You can't talk someone out of finding life I'm pleasant by saying, look what you've got. But it's not about that. But you can perhaps at least say, look what it will do to other people. When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. And you won't find so much power, so much passion, and so much internal fortitude from your past. You know, we all think we've just missed out on the secrets of life. The wonderful secret is that we're all equally afraid and uncertain, and that that isn't a bad thing. Greatness is a part of you better act like it. It's an integral part of life. It's a part of life.

=== FILE: DON'T EVER GIVE UP - Motivational Video [NiZOWdIz2WM].txt ===

Now in life you go big, you go home. Try to climb and it didn't get to the summit today, but it doesn't mean I'm going to give up, it doesn't mean I'm going to stop. This life's about falling down and getting up. It doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down, it's about getting back up. And it doesn't matter how you get knocked down in life. Does that's going to happen? All the matters that you've got to get up. So if there's any kid out there that's told by a parent or a coach or a teacher or somebody that they look up to, somebody that's supposed to push them and believe in them and they're told no, don't listen to them. Believe in yourself. Sometimes the outcome isn't always what you desire it to be, but the true failure in life is not trying it off. Nobody wants to rock the boat, nobody wants to change. And at that moment, what was came over me, and he said, look up, get up and don't ever give up. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you're letting it. You need a nobody who's going to hit his heart as life. But I listen with Jim Bob Arnold say 21 years ago. The most poignant, seven words ever uttered in any speech, any words. Don't be bug. Don't ever give up. Don't give up. Don't ever give up. It should be impossible for me to get back up, but it's not. Once dream is constantly evolving, rising and falling, changing force. So you've got to have some reasons that when life knocks you down, it's going to. Teller, it's going to knock you down. When you want to throw in the towel and give up yourself, and that's going to happen. What reason can you remember that you can call on that you can reach on that can make you get back up? Find that reason. I'm doing this because I want to make my mother proud. I'm doing this because I want my children to have a better life to what I have. I'm doing this because all my life I've been told I'd be a loser that I wouldn't make it. There are a few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realize. But I just want you to know that it's not the end. It matters how you're going to finish. I started with nothing, and I was doubted that I had a dysfunctional card because I shouldn't have made it this far. Holding onto a dream and staying focused is really important. And also striving for perfection is healthy. And so if I could come from a calcester state in the middle of Stratford, Ava, and live in 17 houses before a 16. And when chemistry starts, I am the real deal. Best revenge in life is massive success. But the point is this, it is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right, your perceived failure can become a catalyst. For profound reinvention. So find out the reasons that you do what you do. Find out the reasons that will make you strong and will make you walk by faith and not pass by. And will make you pursue your dream and everybody. So guess you won't believe in your normal. If you know the why of the living, you can endure almost any harm. If you know the reason why you are not in the world, you can endure all of this. If you know the reason why you are not in the world, you can endure all of this. When life gets you on the blind side, when the messenger of misery visits you, what are you going to do? What will keep you in the game? When life knocks you to the canvas? If you can look up, you can get up. But I'd say there are sometimes in life where you fall down. And I feel like you don't have the strength to get back up. Pretend that everything's okay when it's not. Maybe you have down in your life. Maybe you don't know if for sure what's going to be happening in the future and it scares you. You see, I will try 100 times to get up. And if I fail 100 times, if I fail and I give up, do you think I'm ever going to get up? No. And it's not the end until you've given up. And just the fact that you're here should persuade you that you have another chance to get back up. Let's see if what does he has when he comes out for this round. So the bust of Douglas at God Knobdown, while fighting Mike Tyson, had got out of alcohol recovery center. His mother had died. His wife was ill with a terminal illness. He was considered nothing of bomb. So when he got knocked down, bust of Douglas had a reason to get back up because he said, I'm dedicating this fight to the memory of my mother. But if I fail, I try again and again and again, for as long as I try this way as that chance of getting up. But today, I tell you that whether you fear it or not, disappointment will come. The beauty is that through disappointment, you can gain clarity and with clarity comes conviction and true originality. But how that journey ends is up to you today. You see, when you fall down, you feel like giving up. When times get tough, it's not the end. What are the reasons that you can think of? That can keep you strong. That can keep you in the game that will be your rod and staff to comfort you. That can be your bridge. And the balance to save Buster Douglas at the end of Rounding. But in the end, about how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can gain hit. They keep moving forward. How much you can take, they keep moving forward. That's how we did it's done. Now, if you know what your work, go out and get what your work. But you've got to be willing to take the hits and not point in fingers, say, you eat when you want to be because of him or her or anybody. Why didn't it happen to James? Because I wanted it. Why did you win this fight that nobody on the planet gave over his mother? In what order? What are the reasons that you can think of? Power's doing that in that ain't you! You better than that! Two failure in life is not tying it all. To look up, get up and don't ever give up. Are you gonna finish strong? And you will find that strength to get back up.

=== FILE: DON'T LET THEM CHANGE YOU - Motivational video [2017] [WMEdbENypqM].txt ===

I loved it. And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on. Every once in a while try a calligraphy class, because you don't know where it will lead. If I had never dropped in on that single-course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple type faces or proportionally spaced fonts. None of this had even a hope of any practical application in my life. If I had never dropped out, I would have never dropped in on that calligraphy class, and personal computers might not have the wonderful type pattern for you that they do. And I remember thinking, man, this life is temporary. This experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24-year-old man. This is not going to last. This is the prime of my youth. You gotta get going. Go ahead, what you're going to deal with and you deal with the difficult, difficult of it. When you handle those hard things close at hand, making those hard decisions right now that you don't want to make. Learning those things that you don't like to do. But you know that in order for you to get where you want to go, this is one of the hopes that you have to flip through. You may have hit a rock in a hard place, but don't change your name. You may be going through a tough time, but don't change your name. Don't link your circumstances to find who you are. How you are does not define who you are. How I'm going does not define who is going. Your strength is in maintaining. I know who I am. I'm going to get out of this. I don't know how I'm going to make it through tomorrow. I don't know how I'm going to get the job. I don't know how. I'm going to get back up on my feet. How you are does not define who you are. Working 40 to 60 hours a week, I had a small apartment which I shared with an old pal of mine and a little tiny life with my minimum wage job, which I realized. I looked at my life and realized this is probably the best good it is going to get from me. Because at that same time, I was very frustrated. I said, well, this is going to be a very tough life. It's going to be a life of a lot of standing on my feet. A lot of work taking a father people and having very little to show forward by Friday. You may have took the how of it, but you have not taken the who of it. I still know who I am. I still know what I got. I wish we spend more time working on the who of us rather than the how of us. I'm going to take a look at the things that I have done. I'm going to take a look at the things that I have done. So many people in life take up our patients. They don't want to be like, but it becomes what their life is. And they can't get off this merry go around because they have to work. They've got to learn money, etc. But if you people really enjoy what they do in life. What's the worst is going to happen to me? I miss a day of work. There goes 21 bucks. And I get humiliated in front of my favorite band. And my future in the world of minimum wage work. Or I could go up to New York in audition for this crazy band who was my favorite. And so I took a train up there. I walked into this practice place in the East Village. I'm standing there with the band with a microphone in my hand. They said pick the two. And I sang every song they had. You know, improvising most of it two times through. We did the set. We'll see you soon. It's long and I know who I am. I've lost my house. But I've lost my house. My who? I've made that go by plane. I made that go by helicopter. But I'm still going to get there. I may not go by helicopter. I may have to go in the bus. But I'm still going to get there. I may have to drive in the car. But I'm still going to get there. Can I go a little bit more? I may have to thumb. But I'm still going to get there. It may take me eight years to get through four years of college. But I'm still going to get there. Come on. No. Who? I am. I don't know how. But I know who. Go. Let it change a man. Go. Let it change a man. Go give up on who you are. Become a man. I'm turning out. Because the blessing is all the who you are. I said the blessing is all the who you are. I feel good. And I remember thinking man, this life is temporary. Like this experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24 year old man. Like this is not going to last. Like this is the prime of my youth. the prime of my youth. I thought like you gotta get going. Wow. This is gonna happen to you too. It's gonna happen to all of us. And you think that you're this static thing, like you stay in the same exact state. It's not true. It's an illusion. All those people that you see that are old people that are walking in the street with their backs hunched over, that you're gonna reach that age someday. It's going to happen. And if you don't pay attention, it all goes wrong. You could wind up looking like that guy. You could wind up thinking and behaving like that guy. It is a slow ebbling of the life force of the body. It's gonna drain you. So God dammit, get your fun out. Get your life out. Just live. You gotta live. It's fucking coming. And you gotta remember, because if you don't remember, you're gonna sleep in. If you don't remember, you're not gonna get anything done. If you don't remember, you're not gonna have the same focus and determination that you would have with the understanding this is a temporary experience. Now what you're going through? Now what's happening in your life? Now what's going on in your home? Now what's happening in your financial? The blessing is all you. The blessing is all you. The blessing is all you. Don't let life change or make the blessing. Don't lose yourself in your situation. Don't lose yourself in your situation. Don't let your situation eat up yourself. Don't get the same. You're self. Don't forget who you are. Forget who you are. Don't forget who you are. The blessing is all you. And I remember thinking, man, this life is temporary. Like this experience that I'm experiencing right now is a 24-year-old man. Like this is not going to last. This young man made 10, 15, 20 short films before he got the opportunity to make more light. So never give up without commitment. You'll never start but more importantly without consistency, you'll never finish. Keep working, keep striving, never give up all down seven times, get up eight. Ease is a great a threat to progress than hardship. Barely, even in my dreams, this could not be true. But to hell with dreams, I'm done with it because this is true. Oh my goodness. Success is not based on genetics. It's not based on how nice this car is. It's not based on how pretty my faces, how small my nose may need to look, whether or not I'm the right complexion, if you work hard and you work as recognized. It's guys who are women. And more importantly, you can still be as successful and find the things that are you excited about and that you can give your own work really hard to work your technique. Spring those days with efficiency, efficient action together and success can happen.

=== FILE: DON'T LOSE FAITH - MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO [wGyOvWvXDuk].txt ===

You have to do that sometimes. You have to say no to your friends to say yes to your work. Because what are you going to do? Like, lose that idea because you decide to have a drink with your friends. It's not worth it. Your friend will be there. The alternative is you go through life and you had this great idea and nothing came of it because you got tired. And yeah, sometimes you don't go to the party that all your friends are at. Because the idea is calling to you in that moment. You should seek the other person. See if you're playing at safe, you're not going to win. It's by trying things that you figure out how far you can go. You got to get outside the box. Success was the progressive realization of a worthy ideal. Anyone that has a goal and they're moving towards it, they're successful. Their scare, their scare to both complications, their scare of failure. Failure is a big one to people afraid of. But failures one of the most important things you've ever had, as far as the motivation you've faced everywhere. To live a great life, you must be prepared to fail, sure. And to die maybe as well. Tomorrow's not promised. I gotta get as much done as I can. Freedom is available to everyone. There isn't anyone that could not live the way they want to live. See? Why don't they? Why don't they? They don't know. And they don't even know they don't know. It, you know, we get so caught up in the day to day of living. That it's, you know, how many of us really experienced life while we're living it? Do what you want to do with your life, right? Don't, don't go be doing something you don't enjoy. Don't do something that's, don't get locked into a car that you can't afford and doing something crazy because you need the money. Don't, don't do that. Do what you want to do. What the, is it that you really want to do? Because if someone else is doing it, you can do it. You know? I mean, everybody makes their own path through this world. But a lot of people don't follow the path that they really feel pulled through. Everyone encounters difficulties. There is no easy road. It does not exist. It is impossible. Everyone has issues. Trust me. Everybody has a hard road. We all go through hard times. We all go through depression. We all do it. Go through doubt. That is what makes you person. And those difficult moments of what build your character. Sometimes we just gotta get up and get you done. Sometimes we have to pull yourself up and you have to push forward even if you want to stay in that. Sometimes life's gonna hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. You

=== FILE: DON'T QUIT NOW -  Motivational video [hK-FG1DOEjM].txt ===

Now we have to start all over. You almost feel like an outsider. The coaches are sympathetic, but they still have to coach, and you're not there. It's a dark place. Probably the darkest it's ever been. You're saddened down and out. And you ask yourself why did this have to happen. It's in the moment that you find out who you really are and what you really are. Most of us go to life without breaks on. Holding back, not giving all that we have, not sharing all of ourselves. Most of us go to our graves, still holding all. Rather than releasing it, because of past experiences, past defeats, past pain. We look back where we didn't work out this. It probably won't work out now. It denied we were exposed for what we all right now. It means that what I did didn't work tonight. And I got the subway what I do from who I am. I feel like we all have two battles. Two enemies going on. One with the man across the river. The second is with the man inside of you. I think once you control the one inside of you, you want to cross from your really doesn't matter. I think that's what we're all trying to do. You aren't handed anything. You earn everything every single day, over and over again. You have to prove it. Get down. You've been using off the ground, just your hands and feet. There you go. A little bit left. I'm going to get that. You're going to get that for you. Yeah. Keep coming. There you go. A little bit left. A little bit left. A little bit left. Good strength. That's it. One, two, one. You can get your pants. Keep going. That's it. You got born here, man. I know. You got to keep moments. Keep moments. Go. Don't wait till you got nothing left. There you go. Keep moving. Keep moving. Keep driving. Keep your knees off the ground. Keep driving. That's very good. Very good. Very bad. Keep moving. That's it. That's it. That's it. Keep going. Don't quit on the ground. Keep going. Keep driving. Keep your knees off the ground. That's it. You're very bad. Don't play on. You're very bad. Take drive. Keep driving. There you go. Keep driving. Keep driving. Keep driving. Don't wait till you got nothing left. That's it. That's it. That's it keep going. I'm gonna everything you got come on keep going Don't worry that hey drive keep right there you go You need to go shit if I did the mom or friend you don't you give up on you keep going He made you keep going to do a good you keep going I know I can keep going It's on come on get going Get ready for it It's in the moment that you find out who you really are and what you really about You

=== FILE: DREAM BIG - MOTIVATION [s_Y02SX5rEw].txt ===

I've learned to dream what my eyes open. When I see it, I get exposed to it, I want to be it. You don't have to be famous to do any and everything that you want to do in your life. Get out of this mindset of I ain't shit unless I got money. Get out of this mindset of I have no hope. I shit stop just dreaming and having visions and ideas about my life and my career because I don't have it financially. Don't allow what you're working with in your actual bank account to stop you from dreaming and hoping and wishing big. If I'm not an actor in the movie or an actress or a model or the director, I ain't shit. It's possible that you can live your dream. It doesn't matter if you don't have a dime in the bank. It's possible. Greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, elusive, God-like feature that only the special among us will ever taste. It's something that truly exists in all of us. Not giving power to celebrity. Stop giving power to being the person on camera. Stop giving all the power to money. Continue to dream big. Continue to have hopes and vision. There's a certain delusional quality that all successful people have to have. You've got something special. You've got greatness in you.

=== FILE: Don't Give Up On Yourself - Motivational Video [cht_V10Ecn0].txt ===

I'm an open-coming fighter and without a doubt you will see me on the UFC and in their future. Without a doubt. Your gifts can take you many places if you develop your gifts. Most of us don't like to do those things that come easy to us. Decide that you're going to push yourself. Most people won't do that. Most people give up on themselves easily. You know the human spirit is powerful. It's hard to kill the human spirit. You've got to sell yourself everyday on your abilities. On what you're doing, on the goal that you want to reach. You've got to sell yourself everyday everyday everyday everyday. Most people go through life never discovering what that talent is all. Most people never develop their talents. The half skills and abilities but if you don't measure them. If you don't develop them, they will never serve you. Your gifts can take you many places if you develop your gifts. You have something that you brought to the universe. And that if you decide that my life deserves my developing this what I do well. And becoming the best at it and mastering myself and seeing what I have within me. If you decide to drop your buckets where you are and develop your gifts, I grant you you never ever be without. One idea can change your life. One idea can turn your life around. My dreams be number one pretty much. My goals and number one in the MMA. I grant you that your gifts will take you places that will literally amaze you. I grant you that if you begin to work to develop your gifts, you develop the strong sense and happiness. You'll get a lot of vision of yourself. All of us meet some area about life where we can have a feeling of competence. Selling yourself in your ability to perform and job to achieve a certain objective. Telling yourself everyday, here I go again. And I got what it takes. This is my day and nothing out here is going to stop me. If you decide that area that you are, that you are going to master that particular area. As you begin to develop and expand your skills and your talents and your vision of yourself, you will always be in control of your destiny.

=== FILE: EMBRACE YOUR FAILURES - Motivation [YGF3N3dTMaQ].txt ===

We will never make progress unless we're willing to take risk. You know, the key thing about taking risk is learning. And if something doesn't work out, learn from it, and then you're able to move further. We have to always recognize that knowledge frequently comes at a price. You know, Thomas Edison said, you know, nine hundred and ninety nine ways at a light bulb, did not work. But you know, you just put these things into perspective and you learn from the water, dandy, the great neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins many decades ago was the first one to do operations on the post to your fossil, the back part of brain, no one thought it could be done. First, thirteen patients, all that. Now can you imagine how devastating that was? I think that you have to take risks all the time. If you don't do that, you're not moving forward. The fact of the matter is we now are able to do that operation routinely and safely. How the hell could you just think that decision like that? He said, because someone had to make it. He said, because it's been going around for ten years back and forth, the no one being able to make a decision. He said, what if you're wrong? He said, if I'm wrong, we'll find out quicker. If I'm right, the job will be done. If there's something you want some vision and now it's real, it's because you need just to envision it and brought so much emotion to it that now it's in your life. It was once a dream, it was once a goal, and now it's in your life. It's like when you're putting charge, take command. Wherever focus goes, energy floats. If you're going to be a great dream, you're going to be a great dream. If you're going to be a great dream, you're going to be a great dream. This kid couldn't speak. Everyone else has peer groups, speaking all good. He couldn't speak. And he had seven. Everyone's reading and talking. He can't read. He was slowing down so much. He teachers brought his parents and they said, do the kids got it. Go, man. He's just slow. He's not creative. He's slowing down the betterment. Of entire class. Got to go. Pay on his problem. Homeins like, man, what are we going to do this? He's child of us. Too bad. They put him the work. He got fire from every single job you ever tried. All this guy knows up until 21 years old is failure. He's never tasted success. He just gets up and keeps trying. He just gets up and keeps trying. Until one day he found out what he wanted. He wasn't fired in. And he had everything in hand. They and they out, man. He burned the minnow oil. So he didn't have to stay awake in the minnow hours. Wondering what is. This guy tried something. One thousand ninety three times. He's throw a successful. One thousand ninety three times. When the hell of you ever tried something more intense. Before you throw the towel. I can't say I have this guy did. And why that was when he wanted. How was it nourished failure? Everything fell in his flesh. So when it fell, one thousand times like. Fucking man. And average. Hey, it always fails. I keep on going. But it's eventually got smarter. And quicker. That failure may have more and more success. Was getting closer and closer. And finally the lightball blicked. As Thomas Edison fell here. Don't matter. It's entire life. He over another thousand past. And Mark couldn't speak it for. He was written out of class. He could read a seven. Keep it home. And tell the challenge. When the praise and bears of our time. We all fall down in life, guys. The question is who gets back up. It's an uphill battle. Along that road, you're not going to see too many friends. You can see your shadow looks off. You got trust in the heart of hearts. Inside what you're doing, what you believe in. It's a worthy cause of when it will fight. You can see the thing is for many people. They've tried the same path in your home. And it failed. As you walk with journey, you're going to see the carcass. It's all over the place. A people that they quite have it. It's an inspiring, you've got to further that person. Maybe not looking to get further. Maybe not looking to get further. Maybe looking to finish. The Harvard Champion is a light switch that's always on. It doesn't go on and off. Someone's watching. It's constant. Anytime I feel that should I feel nervous like I feel right now, I take the risk. I take the risk. And follow the students, follow the teachers, and follow the educators here. We have to take risk. If we don't take that risk, I go back to it. It's the biggest risk that we take. I had to learn drive. That's why I have my managers to teach me drive or to push me because you can relax. You can't relax. You can say, oh, I could do that. Or you're going to be that person. I know this person. This person calls me a man. Did you see what Denzel did in that movie? He said, I could have. Maybe he could have. But he doesn't have to drive the Denzel. And so therefore, if you don't have drive, then you never. You quit cultivating your talent. Because once you rest and once you say it's over, I've gotten to the mountain top. Then your talent starts to do it in the two. That's why I committed the war season. I was at wet willies in Miami doing jokes for people just on the street. And I was like, what did this to see what would work? Jokes either by the Oscars or jokes about whatever. And then you go to Atlanta and work on your jokes there. So that hustle, what I call hustle, is very important because at some point you're going to be able to pull the hustle back this little bit. You take your spots. The time right now is a hustle to set things up. So that in the future you're able to cut back this little bit and just pick your spots. My grandma is there, and she's not here tonight. But she was my first acting teacher. She told me to stand up straight. She showed us back. Act like you got some sense. Right down in your notes, massive action is the cure-off. Massive action is the cure-off. If you're having a difficult time with something, you need to take massive action. And if that doesn't work, try something else. If that doesn't work, try something else. Keep going with massive action and you will find the way. Because it will give you momentum. Difficfully between a winner and a loser, the value is there at some time. Just the winner gets back up and it does it again. It does it again. I told goes his way. So this is what's next for me now. I want this. You may have dreamed about a fart about a talk about it. You envision something you got clear about it, and then you start thinking about all the reasons why you wanted it. You got excited about it. He said, what if you're wrong? He said, if I'm wrong, we'll find out quicker. If I'm right, the job will be done. It's like when you're putting charge, take command. How do you create your life? You get hungry for something, don't you? Almost any accomplishment in the history of the world has come at the hands of people who've taken this. People who are willing to push the envelope, people who are willing to explore the unknown. But it was one sister vision. They have seen him passable one time. Try how did you do it? You started when a concrete vision of what you wanted. And you focused on it continuously didn't you?

=== FILE: EVERYDAY - Motivation [LES BROWN] [MG1reuKXYq0].txt ===

I say to you, you got goals in Dree. Most people respect Taters. They've spent the majority of their time watching entertainment sporting events, television. That's what the majority of people do. The majority of people spend their time and their money on things that provide for them relief from their life stress. They look for distractions. I'm friend of mine, Mike Bems. He did something for a year and he said it changes his life. He earned his first million at 26th. And I said, well, how did you change your life? He said, man, for one year, I never turned on television. And I said, you didn't watch television. He said, no. No. He had watched the news. He said, you find out what was going on. Said people told me, now I've been even interested. He said, I have no problems. My own why should I watch other people problems? He said, and it changed his life. But who have been prisoned themselves by surrounding themselves with do nothing, energy draining people. If you have a positive mindset, if you're looking for ways to prove yourself, and it's your spare way for negative energy draining people who have no goals and no dreams. I believe you want to be listening to me right now. Listen to me. That there's something in you that attracted you to my voice. And that's something in you. I call that your higher consciousness. There's a presence in you. But in a man that you know, woman, that knows that you can do more, that you can have more, that you can achieve more. And that if you honor that still small voice within you and continue to saturate your mind, but positive things continue to look for people with talent, abilities and skills and surround yourself with people that you can learn from people that you can grow from. And set for yourself big goals and dreams. There's some power and pursuit of a dream. When you are pursuing a dream, you develop confidence, you develop skills, you develop new relationships. You develop resources. And as we learn, as we grow in a span, you discover things you can do. And you don't even realize right now most people, they're in life not because they hate to hide. And most people feel alive because they aim to low in hit. I did that for many years. That in think I can do what I'm doing. It thinks you can do that you don't know and you've got to challenge yourself. Well, I've tried some things that they didn't work out so well. You will fail your way to success. While the big Chrysler failed in the automobile industry for 42 times with my God, look what happened to 43. You will fail your way to success. As her friend threw her father's ashes in the wind and the wind blew the ashes. She said, what gratter and moved her so deeply was as the ashes disappeared. It was as if her friend's father never existed. Because he didn't live a life of contribution. It didn't have any project that he was working on that would make a difference. He didn't build relationships with people that could have helped him do some of the things that he was thin here to do. No one was there to witness the throwing of his ashes but his daughter and a stranger. Most people go through life like that. They die, unlived lives. And I believe there's something in you. That's causing you to hear my voice. Dumping in you, but said, I want to live. There's one thing to survive and what it takes to live and what it takes to survive is two different things, most people have survival modes. Or cut up in weapons of mass destruction. So, my message to you and you already know it. Feel your head with words that can empower me. See, if it's a turn off television and turn up your life, if you let go of negative people, who fill your head with head trash and you focus your time and energy on developing another skill you'll be survived with what you've been doing. You have greatness within you. Challenge yourself, push yourself. Suron yourself with people who have goals and dreams, mask the mind and encourage and inspire each other. And you will develop a strategy and a synergy to do more than you can ever begin to imagine. You have something special. You'll have greatness within you. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.

=== FILE: Elliott Hulse Becoming [Best Of Yo Elliott] [bVHDJhpcQV8].txt ===

So this stuff you got to understand about training is not just the body that that works. There's an integration of fine, spirit and body at play. There's a threshold that you have the cross in order to access the power of the mind and the spirit in your training. When you cross that threshold, you're like breaking through a fortress, with in that fortress, there are tools of unknown founders that instantly turn you into a brand new person. The type of person, everyone who knows just facts, can appreciate it's found in one place. There's a single opportunity in your workout to access this game to move through and transcend yourself. It's balancing the life of breath. It's called a transcendent breath. Everything that you've done up to this point leads to this single sweet spot. It is here that you grow strong. It is here that championed your form. It is here that you become the strongest person yourself. Everything else is just a warm-up. You can't be in the flesh when you approach that transcendent breath. That last breath that your body doesn't want to do, but your mind and your spirit are already done. When you cross that threshold, not only is your body growth stronger because you did that last breath, transcendent your form again. You become a brand new person.

=== FILE: Elon Musk Speech - 'The Dumbest experiment In History' [znukFtaWPAw].txt ===

The rules today in St. People to create carbon. And this is madness. And whatever you say, it will happen. It's very important that we take action today to recognize that we are making a very significant change to the chemical constituency of the atmosphere and the oceans. And one that is almost impossible to reverse. When we look back on these days in the future, we want to be able to say that we did the actions that were right, the actions that were important. 20, 30, 40 years in the future. And what do you say to your kids or your grandkids? Scientists all say that these bad things are going to happen. It's like 97%. So like say, well, to your grandkids or kids like, well, that nobody tell you, no, it's like, no, if everyone was telling us. So why didn't you do anything? What's the answer? I think it's very important that we do so well. And depending upon how what actually we take, we'll drive the carbon number to give extreme or moderate levels. I think it's pretty much the given that the two degree C increase will occur. The question is whether it's going to be much more than that. As a percentage relative to absolute zero, it's only a plus minus 2% change. The sensitivity of the climate is extremely, extremely high. We've amplified the sensitivity by building our cities right on the coastline. Based on the projections that we're seeing right now, these are like, I'd say arguably best case projections. We're going to see significant rises in temperature and sea level. If we don't take action, we could see anywhere from 5 to 10%, maybe maybe more of the landmass absorbed by water. About a third of humanity lives right on the coastline or in low-lying countries. So we'll be talking about maybe 2 billion people being displaced and their home is being destroyed and their country is being gone. So I think we should take action. The reason that the transition is delayed, water and water is happening slowly is because there is a hidden subsidy on all carbon producing activity. The net result is 35 gigatons of carbon per year into the atmosphere. The best case is simply delaying that inevitable transition to sustainable energy. There's going to be no choice in the long term to move to sustainable energy. It's topological. We have to have sustainable energy or simply run out of the other one. The only thing we gain by slowing down the transition is just slowing it down. It doesn't make it not occur, it just slows it down. The worst case, however, is more displacement and destruction than all the wars in history combined. About 3% of scientists that believe in the best case, about 90% percent believe in the worst case. This is why I call it the domestic experiment in history. The goal is to exit the era as quickly as possible. The new goal is to move to a sustainable energy future. We want to use energy sources that will be good for a billion years. What can you do? Whenever you have the opportunity, talk to politicians, ask them to enact the carbon tax. We have to fix the unpriced externality. I'll talk to your friends about it and fight the propaganda from the carbon industry. I think you have tremendous power. You have the power to make the change. We can't tell you we definitely can't beat the oil and gas industry on lobbyists. The x-on-max more profit in a year than the value of the entire solar industry. There's no way you can win on money. This is possible. This is not the only important issue but it is I think the thing that will have the biggest negative effect on humanity if we do not address it. Unless something changes very quickly, the sustainable energy will still be in a bad situation five years from now. If it's the right thing for the future, the carbon should just do it and don't worry about what other countries are doing. Just do the right thing.

=== FILE: FAITH - Stephen Curry's Motivational Speech [ukN8lr4Mbkc].txt ===

That's all about faith passion. Obviously the drive with the guys that I've been around and the guys that surround me every single day. But a part of that is having the will to succeed. You know, knowing that you put the work in and have the confidence to let it show. When I tell people is just be the best version of yourself and anything that you do. You don't have to live anybody else's story. Sometimes people make it seem like you have to have certain prerequisites or crazy life story in order to be successful in this world. But the truth is you really don't. It doesn't matter where you come from, but what you have or don't have what you lack, what you have too much of, but all you need to have is faith in God and undying passion for what you do. And what you choose to do in this life. And a relentless drive and the will to do whatever it takes to be successful. And whatever you put your mind to, make sure you live in the moment and work your butt off every single day. And I hope I inspire people all around the world to just be themselves, be humble and be grateful for all the blessings in your life. And I'm truly honored to be here every year, every year this year. Thank you very much. I was always the smallest kid of my team. When it comes to basketball, I was always the smallest kid of my team. You know, everything happens for reason. There's a story to everything. And if you take time to realize what your dream is, and what you really want in life and the matter what it is, what it supports, what it's, you know, the fields. You have to realize that there's always work to do. And you want to be the hardest working person and whatever you do. And you put yourself in position to be successful. And you have to have a passion about what you do. And basketball is mine. And that's what's carried me to this point. And I'm really proud of you.

=== FILE: FEARS and DREAMS - Motivational Video [9qLx-oy6Zlc].txt ===

He said, when life can no longer threaten you with death, he said, what else is there? What else is there? And the majority of the fears that we have are not life or death fears, and not those kind of fears. But throughout imagination, we blow them out of proportion, and we give them more power than they actually have or deserve, and we permit them to govern our lives. We permit them to determine how far we can stretch out on our dreams and discovering our stuff. And as we begin to look at ourselves and begin to wait a minute, just getting to the point as you assess yourself and begin to prove yourself and just say, where are you? Hold a minute. I've been sweating this out. What can it, what's the worst thing that can happen to me on this? Will it kill me? Will I die? Well, why am I going through all of these changes over this? How much power this really has? And am I the one that's feeding the power into it? You can either live your dreams or live your fears. And I think the majority of people actually are not living their dreams, but are living their fears. So I want to ask you a question. What are your fears? What are your freedom? What are you scared of? Because we all have fears, don't we? We all have something that's blocking us that's holding us back. And as we begin to look at life, what we realize is that the reason that most people are not living out their true potential, and not doing all of the things that they would really like to do is because of fear. One of the things that you fear that's been keeping you from living your dream, that's been keeping you from doing some things that you would like to do. Just think about those things. And how do we begin to handle that Abraham Maslow said that the life is about growth. And he said, you can either go back to your comfort zone and there you won't find any growth. Or you must willing to go forward and face your fears again and again and again. Because you're not going to have a fear free existence. I mean, some fear is acceptable and legitimate. There are some things that you really should be afraid of. Now you shouldn't allow it to immobilize you. You acknowledge it, you take it into account, and you carry yourself accordingly. There are times that we should proceed with caution. But it's the difference between being stopped by a fear. It's a difference between having a fear and the fear having you. So deciding as you look at your life, you look into the future and say, what fear is? Am I holding on to? What fear is that I'm allowing to imprison me? That's keeping me from breaking out. That's keeping me from living up to my true potential. That's keeping me from really being happy. That's keeping me from having a sense of adventure and excitement in my life. What's keeping me from controlling my destiny? That's what I fear. And I'm giving that permission to notice what I said. That we must give our permission to fear to immobilize it. Because whatever discomfort you experience, whatever challenges a difficulty that it is, you've got to handle it. Got to go up in there and wrestle with it. Will it be easy? No. It'll be challenging. Yes. Friend of mine who's going into recovery. He's been addicted to crack cocaine for years and alcohol. He's talking about how challenging it was and why he was dreading going on going into cold turkey. I said, what do you want me to tell you? That is going to be a picnic? No, it's not. It's going to kick your butt. Yes, it is. You're going to want to die? Yes, yes. That's a part of it. But that's just what you must go through in order to get where you want to go. And guess what? You're stumbling off to do it. You're stumbling up and your life is worth whatever you have to go through. To get past this addiction. Whatever you have to do, this dream you've got, whatever you want to do will it be easy to just run out of there? No. No, but no. No. Would it be a struggle? Yes. Will it be time to and you can't make ends meet? Yes, that's a part of it. Will it be time you want to know what to do? Yes, that's a part of it. See, when you are not filling your life with the things that you are capable of doing, we all have some stuff that we've been given. And I don't think that it's optional for us to sit on what we have. And if you're sitting on what you have, what you've been given, I think everybody's been given something to bring to the planet that only you can do that, only you can perform that, only you can initiate that activity. And if you don't do that, if you're not filling in your life with your life, work or your mission, then there are gaps in your life. And what we do when we're not living out of true identity, we begin to fill the gaps, we fill the holes with garbage, alcohol, drugs, worry, self-destructive behavior. So when you begin to look at your life and you know that you're not doing what you can do because you have allowed yourself to be held captive by your fears. Now, when you don't have a true appreciation and acceptance for who you are and you allow yourself to be immobilized by fear, what happens in the processes that you begin to abuse yourself. You begin to sabotage your life, you begin to sabotage your dreams, you begin to unconsciously work against yourself. You become your own worst enemy. So what do you do about that? Well, you begin to realize that your dream and your gifts have so much meaning and so much value for you to tell your hunger for them will begin to push you past the fear. Your hunger to have them will give you a special drive as you work on yourself, as you begin to acknowledge your true identity, true power, true power. The true capacity you have to bring about change, the miracle working power that you have with in yourself to do the things that you want to do. But there are some people because of their personality, because of their contribution, because of their investment of their time and their energy and the impact they have there that when they go, everybody will miss them. So when mother Teresa checks out everybody will know, when Rosa parks, everybody will know, Nessa and Van Miller, everybody will know why because of their contribution. See, but there are some people because their contribution is so small. No one will care. One thing before you are boxed in very, decide that you're going to box and bury your fears, decide that you're going to begin to live life on a new level, seeking out new horizons that you're going to find more love and more joy and more ways to give more to life. We go through life really blocking ourselves constantly and fears one of the greatest instruments that we could use to stifle out true potential. When you begin to look at your life, you can decide to use fear as a blocker or you can decide to use it as building blocks. But you decide, hey, look here. I'm going to move in this direction. I'm not going to allow anything to stop me from doing what I want to do. The life is too sharp for that. Too sharp and unpredictable, mosing through. Not trying to disturb anything. Not trying to shake anything up. Not trying to make any waves. You see, there are some people who have become through the universe and their level of contribution and the level of energy they manifest is so small, so inconspicuous that we when they go, you won't even know they left. Everything a man does from self, guess what? He takes with him, but everything he does from others, he leaves behind. So when you begin to say, what is it that I want to leave? What contribution that I want to begin to make? What difference do I want to make in life? What is it that I want to do with the rest of the life that I have left? What chances I need to take? What risk do I need to begin to embrace? What fears do I need to step on? What areas of my life are my dead right now? What dream you can either live your dreams or live your fears? You have got to get to a point where you say, I'm sick and tired of living like this. There's gotta be more. That's the thing, that's when people go out and strike out on their dreams. That's when people get out of relationships where they're dying together, rather than growing together. The impulse to dream has been slowly beaten out of me through the experience of life. And most people, ladies and gentlemen, have stopped living their dreams because of the lessons they've learned from life or things they've picked up because we've only been born with two fears. The fear belongs to the fear fallen. All the other fears of fears we learn. Fear's we pick up. Whatever you stand up, you're alive, the value you brought to the planet, far more important. Whatever you say, you're stronger. So as we begin to look toward the future and look at what will it take? Just to break through those fears. One acknowledging the fear, knowing it's all right, some fear is healthy. Beginning to know that your dreams, your passions, your drive to achieve whatever it is you want, as it has more power and meaning it will move you past your fears. As you begin to feel that you deserve it, your passion and goal is so strong. The fears won't matter. You begin to trust yourself and put yourself in the situation where you have to make it happen. You will make it happen. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe this. I know this from my own life experience. I know that you've got greatness within you. I know that you have unlimited potential in you. I know that you have something to give to the universe. I think it was Joe Frasues said this would. He says all of us are like the blind man at some point in our lives standing on the corner, waiting for somebody to lead us across. It's all of us at some point in our lives. Need some help. Need some one to reach out to us. The thought, the lifeline. The helpers go across some treacherous waters that we couldn't navigate by ourselves. None of us do it by ourselves. All of us at some point in our lives. We need that kind of help. We need that kind of assistance because we go from the people we have in our lives that can enrich our lives personally, professionally, spiritually, and all the dimensions of our lives. We don't grow in about you. So you look at yourself, what a fears you have that maybe you need some help. Instroving yourself in that area, as you assess your strengths and your weaknesses, as you begin to approve yourself and your passions and your dreams and your goals and the things that you want. If you decide to experience all of your true potential, as you decide to manifest all of your greatness, as you decide, we're in a minute. What else is available to me out here? If I decide it to experience the fear of rejection, the fear of no, the fear of failure, the fear of standing by myself, what else is available, of taking a chance, of fear of losing it all? What else is available to me that will bring some extra meaning and value? The fear of people not liking me. You know how many people do things they don't want to do because they want everybody to like them? Accept yourself, then you accept the fear as a fact and not a force. So when you accept yourself and you accept fear as a fact, that means that it's something that happens and something that you're going to experience, but it is not a force to hold you back. It doesn't have any special power other than that that you give it. So you accept the fact that you are free and then you move on anyhow. You can have fears. Don't surrender. Don't let your fears have you. More than capable of making this your decade.

=== FILE: FOCUS ON YOURSELF NOT OTHERS - Best Motivational Video [coaZDUxTyWA].txt ===

This is the draft report on you. Basically it goes. Poor build. Skimmy. Blacks great physical stature and strength. Lax mobility and ability to avoid the rush. Lax a really strong arm. Can't drive the ball down field. Does not throw a Roy tights fire. A system type player who can get exposed if forced to have limb. And gets knocked down easily. I can't get the entire duck because I'd be a big enough to help these people know. Does it bother you that so many people are happy to see you fail? Absolutely. Because at the end of the day, all the people that are there voodoo need to fail. They did it. They got to wake up tomorrow. Had the same life that they had before they woke up today. They got the same personal problems they had today. And I'm going to continue to live the way I want to live and continue to do the things that I want to do. We're meeting my family and be happy with that. So they could get a few days or a few months or whatever the case may be. Being happy about not on myself with the mind. I mean, he now comes from the goal, but you know, you gotta get back to the real world and something like that. You don't pay a lot attention to reviews and those kind of things. Well, you know, you're always affected by opinion, but the more opinions there are of you, the more I, the less I look at them because I just can't live my life based upon what other people think about me. So I can't concern myself too much with what other people think. It's just not healthy. I don't think I could continue to do what I do if I was constantly worrying about what somebody thought about it. My father, he's in his embarrassment for me and was stuck in all over me. I think every time I say I'm about to do something, people are waiting for me to fumble. That's probably one of the biggest motivations behind a lot of my rapes is the amount of people that want me to fall or whatever. I think that should be the motivation for most rapper. Further, you climb towards the top, the more the more energy you have on your pant leg dragging into the bottom. So many people I talked to at that time for all you pay, they say, this is the stupidest idea you have ever gotten. But I think I don't wear this stupid club as long as people use it. Now we have a hundred and minute people using this Alipay. I'm going to do something I've never done before and I don't know how, but I can imagine it. I want to engage in the unknown. I truthfully want to pursue the unknown and in the pursuit of the unknown something comes to realization and I'm never prepared for it. So when I set out to do what I set out to do, I set out to do the impossible. Everybody told me you're nuts, you can't do that, you can't do that. That's also consistent with all entrepreneurs. There's always a legion of people who will tell them you can't do that and even if you could, why would you? There's so many better things to do. Well, the biggest struggle man was just getting around other people that would say I could do it. That's the biggest struggle. You get around one guy says, yeah, you can do it and then you talk to him tomorrow and he's like, no, no, it is freaking me. There's so few people telling you to do it. You know what there is a lot of? Save your money, protect yourself, conserve, don't spend, don't take risk. Take in risk is the new way to be risked versus. The biggest struggle for me was my family man. The people closest to me was the biggest struggle. Every time I went out to do another deal, everybody told me, you don't need to do that, man. It wants to be accelerated on and then you got somebody in a backseat saying, hey, be careful. Nobody likes a backseat driver, okay? So they're sitting there, they're putting mental pressure on the brakes when you're trying to accelerate. I think I've been insatiable appetite to make things and share things with the world. I have compelled beyond a reasonable doubt to do what I do. I don't think that it can be a reasonable or logical choice. I think at a certain point you're compelled to do it. It's too painful to brutal, too neurotic of a path to take. So I think that that compulsion has to be there. It has to be something that you can doubt all the time, but deep down the side you know that this is something you have to do. And I think I've dealt with some of the adversity, some of the challenges of which we've had many. I started a band in the world laughed at me. And we've had an incredible life as a result. So if I had listened to the choir to the chorus of everyone, I would have stopped. Because that's what people want you to do. For some reason, some people would rather kill your dream than see you succeed. I don't know what that is, you know? I think it's important to be stubborn and to follow your dreams no matter what. The only prize is this one and what you feel and what you want to accomplish. And if you can, as you start out, these, what could be the leaders or could be fat players, I feel that I very often watch a lot of young people sort of manned around without any idea about why they're doing what they're doing. I mean, to want and to be ambitious and to want to be successful is not enough. That's just desire to know what you want, to understand why you're doing it, to dedicate every breath in your body, to achieve. If you feel you have something to give, if you feel that your particular talent is worth developing, is worth caring for it, then there's nothing you can't achieve. Thank you.

=== FILE: FROM NOTHING TO SOMETHING - Motivational video [ZawIKeK--ZA].txt ===

Stand up! Laurie Mulan I needed another guy, set my Schuld out by I would not know either one of my daddy came up here. But my mother came up here. Given the fact that I was born and abandoned building on a floor, being labeled as an electrical motoritarian. Oh, no! Oh, no! No! She said no one could have convinced me that day when I walked in that house. And this lady was holding you and your brother. And she said, man, I want you to promise me two things. And she said, what is it? She says, one promised me that you won't separate them. She said, I want them raised together. I want them to know each other. I got pregnant while my husband was away in the war. And I can't keep them. Promise me that you won't separate them. She said, I promise I won't. I've never had children. I promise I won't separate them. And she said, promise me that you never tell them about who I am because if my husband ever found out he would kill me, she said, I promise. And she said that she gave them to us and she kind of cried and she was walking out the door. And she looked at my doctor's mother. She said, remember, don't you separate them? She says, well, God, I won't. I'm afraid of my people together. And she said, if I held y'all in my arms, I never had any children in my own. I didn't know how I was going to do it. And I knew what they helped up God. How would you? It lays in Dittamun. My mother had a dream of having children. And raising us. She didn't know how she was going to do it. She went out to my fifth grade. I also identified as EMR labeled Educable Mental Retarded. Put back from the fifth grade to the fourth grade. I failed again when I was in the eighth grade. I have no college training. And a man changed my life and I'll never forget his name, Mr. Louie Washington. He's in his 80s now and he's buying from glaucoma. But he gave me a different vision of myself. I was in his class waiting on another student. He came and said, young man, go to board and work just problem out for me. I said, oh, sir, I can't do that. It's a why not. I said, I'm not one of his students. He said, look at me. Yes, sir. Go to the board and work the problem on anyhow. That's it, sir. I can't do that. He's it why? It's a serve because I'm Educable Mental Retarded, sir. I'm in special education. And the student started laughing. They said, that's Leslie. That's not Wesley. He's detain Wesley is the spot where he's at. What does detainst? I said, I'm the dumb twencer. And as the students laughed at me. He came from behind his desk. He looked at me and he said, don't you ever say that again? Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. On one hand, I was humiliated. But on the other hand, I was liberated because he looked at me with the eye. The murderer who said, look at a man the way that he is. He only becomes worse. But look at him as if he were what he could be. Then it becomes what he should be. And so we developed a relationship. And one of the things that I can just tell you as you think about your goals and dreams, all of us can say in a spirit of integrity that it's possible that if anybody did any point in time, live their dream, then it's possible that I can live my. What I did was I made a mistake. I looked at my goals and dreams. And my mind said, how will you do that? I went from my heart to my mind. And I stayed up there for 14 years. 14 years. I can't bring those 14 years by those years of God. And I've made a mission in my life to help people stop putting it off in procrastinating. The first time I stood up the street, I stood up. And my mind sat down. I looked at the audience and I panicked. I had to introduce the play at school. We're about to start. Right up Mr. Washington, Mr. Brown, where are you going? Mr. Washington, I can't think so. I don't know. Did you hear? Yes, I did. I don't know. I just, I got up then. I looked at him and everything left me. Let me do another day. Please, sir. No, go back out there. Mr. Washington, I'll miss a police. Don't, don't, don't send me out. Then I'll miss a, Mr. Brown, if you run now, you will always be running. Anything is worth doing. It's worth doing badly until you get it right. Why are you moving, right? I got to go to bathroom, sir. Mr. Brown, go back out there. Yes, sir. We have gone. I started playing called 12 A.G.R.N. Directed by Mr. Liori Washington. Now, Randall, the next day. Hey, I'm Falfa! They've dogged me out. They talked about me so bad. The next time I never even came up with a mistake, I've got to stop me so bad. The next time I never even came up, Mr. Washington, Mr. Brown, you're up. I said, no, Mr. Washington, everybody says, no, not him. I said, they're right, Mr. Washington. Not me. He said, Mr. Brown, you're up. Yes, sir. And I went out and pretty soon, with people laughed at me, didn't bother me. They would throw paper and I could catch it without losing my concentration and been one day. I came out and a hush went across the audience. Because it must have been something about me that indicated that I had come to myself. And Mr. Washington had been practicing with me to give a presentation. And I looked at the audience and I said, I choose not to be a common man. It's my right to be uncommon if I can. I seek opportunity not to curate. I do not wish to be a kept citizen humble and dull by having the state look after me. I want to take the capitalated risk to dream and to build a balance of succeed. I refuse to live from hand to mouth and for further challenges of life to the guaranteed existence. For free, I'll come into the state of Carly, I will never call before and in master. No, bend to any threat. It's my heritage to stand right. Trailer in a frame of peace to wear buoyancy. This is our help done. Now having any courage, I used to feel all my life. But people who had Carly's degrees were more intelligent than me. I remember going to see the late Dr. Norman Vincent feel the awful book, the power of positive thinking. And I used to look at him up on stage and I said, I could do that. I would love to talk to people. And I said, I could do that. But then when I started going back to my car, my mental conditioning activated itself. And it said, let's run. You can't do that. You don't have a college education. Let's run. You can't do that. You don't have the training. You've never worked for a major corporation. You can't do that. What makes you think you can earn 5, 10, 15, 20,000 dollars in an hour? You don't earn that now. Working for 2 or 3 months. At the retrain my thinking, because of what I saw, studies indicating the decisions we make in life is directly related to the things that we saw, the things that we experience and conversations we've been exposed to between age zero and five. And so as result of that, my experience, I had to begin to engage in a process of retraining my mindset and I didn't even know what I was doing. It's very important for you to believe that you are the one to make this happen. I remember this high school teacher, Mr. Lua Washington. At the end of school, one June, it was just a few days before we were supposed to leave. And I just got my report card. And it indicated that I'd failed history. And I'd failed English. And I would have to go to summer school. And I was feeling within myself that I was a failure, that I'm slower than most people in getting paperwork. And I was feeling down on myself and very negative. And Mr. Washington was giving a speech to the graduating seniors. And I was in the 11th grade. And even though I wasn't supposed to be in there, because the speech he was giving, that speech was for me. And as he talked, my heart began to beat fast. Tears begin to run by my eyes. And I was in a back-to-listing time. He said, as graduating seniors, a boobety-washing high school, I want you to know all the job blessed and highly favored. And that, as you go to what the future, begin to know that you have greatness within you. And if just one of you here begin to envision yourselves as being blessed and highly favored to reach your goals. If just one of you capture the essence of what that means that you have greatness within you and that's a ability to manifest that greatness. That you can make your parents proud, you can make your school proud, you can touch millions of people's lives, and the world will never be the same again, because you came this way. And the students gave him a routing standing ovation. And as he left the auditorium, I ran down the steps and I caught him in the parking lot. I said, Mr. Washington, he said, yes, I said, do you remember me, sir? My name is Leslie Brown, my mother. She works in the cafeteria here. I'm wondering twins, Leslie and Wesley has said, Mr. Washington, but you know, I got these big dreams. You know, I like talking to people, I love people. I want to work with people, and I got this beam above my mom and home. Could I do an extra Washington? He said, it's possible, Mr. Brown. And as he walked away, I called him again. I said, Mr. Washington, he said, what do you want now? I'm the one, sir. I said, I'm the one, you remember me, sir? I'm this maybe Brown's foot. I'm the one. I'm the one. My first major goal was to buy my mother home. And let me tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, what will reasons do less? Nietzsche said, if you know the wild ball, doing, you can endure almost any harm. What do you mean by that? If you know why you're doing something, when the hard times come and they're going to come, when the disappointments and rejections come, and they're going to come by the truck blows, your reasons will be a rod and staff to comfort you. To pick you up once again, I got to say, on one of my tapes in life, knock your down, try and land on your back, because if you can look up, you can get up, let your reasons get you back up. Let's about and really do it for life, you know, and I said, I could defend the district, you know, I said, because I won't do my mother home. You said, hey, listen to Paul Habit, you're not practicing, going to fight, struggling, he comes around every day, why? Because if you want to be successful, studying the people that are doing, what you want to do, he's the best in the world that attempts communication. I suggest to you, you look at what you want to achieve. Look at the top of Chievers, understand and know, they are only an example, they are not in exception, they're an example of what you can do, because success leaves clues, follow the system, watch the leaders, and study them. I did that, and he said, Mr. Brown, detoxify your life, let all the negative people in your life, go, cannot change him, no! It's a full-time job changing yourself, he's right. All my life, people have always compared me to my brother, because I'm not smart like him. It takes me to longer to get things than most people. I have to hear it again, and again, but once, I have to try and understand the fact that I don't want to hurt the people who are doing this, because I don't want to hurt the people who are doing this, people. I have to hear it again and again. But once I got it there, I got it. You the only person that never called me stupid a dumb. You never called me D.T. The dumb trend. You look like, like, I'm somebody. I've never had a father and I watch you and I want to be able to talk like you. I get choked at some time because I can't get my thoughts out there. I want to do what you do and I want to make my mama proud. He said you can do it, Mr. Brown. I've given you all you can get for me now it's only you want to be a disjockey. Go out into the marketplace. I became the Aaron Boy for the disjockeys. I'd go get the lunch in their dinner and I stand in the control room watching them move their hands knowing my time will come. One day it was the Saturday afternoon. A disjockey by the name of rock and roger was drinking while he was on the air. He began to slur his words. He got to drunk him. He was about to fall off the chair and I was alone in one there. Looking at him from the control room window. Ten pretty soon the phone rang him with a general manager and I said hello. He said rock and finish the show. I said I know. I call my mom and my girlfriend to Sandra said you all come out in front of the radio. I'm about to come on the air. He said, young boy you're not a worker control. I said yes sir. He said one and said, wait the record don't you say nothing here. I put on a fast record. I say, look out this is me. I'll be trippled. He yes Brown you've played a plan popper. There would not be for me and there will be none at me. I remember when I bought the home from my mother and she came out of the car when I opened the door I said my mom I think I know these people in his house. That's my first major goal and then I couldn't conceal it anymore. I said my mom I got this for you and as she went from room to room looking at the house and saying thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. No one ever could have convinced me that this could have happened to me. I remember when I was in broadcasting when I was a district. I became very controversial not only being a district but I felt that radio was something that you not only entertained people with but you also empower them. You educate them and I got fired. I did just leave a fired me. They took my microphone. I thought that was who I was. No, no ladies and gentlemen it wasn't. I had to do something else and I didn't know what else I could do. See life it moved on and said less Brown you have I grown this. It's time you know what else. And so guys suggested to me he said less why don't you run for office. So I ran. Now here's what I'm suggesting. I ran. You got to do what you can where you are what you have. I didn't have any money. I didn't know anything about the political process. I didn't even have any support. But here's what the guy told me. It's possible you could wear. I told her. I was running against the endorsed candidate. He was in the company. He had the new state of support all of the leadership in the community. And I was challenging this guy. So I had to say when I was on radio stand up for what you believe in because you can fall for anything. And I would go and go to the district of the city. I have my kids and one side of the street. I would be on the other. I did not go on door tell my name is less Brown. Tell everybody I'm still standing. So I'm saying just keep moving. Don't stop feeling side for yourself. Don't spend time blaming and talking about what happened to you. See whatever you talk about. That's what you multiply and expand in your life experience. So don't talk about stuff unless you want to keep what happened to you. All right. Eventually we got close to the election and something happened that really surprised. Guys who I thought were going to even support me. I'll stay out of it. various powerful community leaders. They became involved in it and they endorsed my opponent. I felt devastated. Now that's going to happen to you and you're working on your dreams. Things are going to happen. That's going to catch you on the blind side. I was shocking to me. Usually in the state represented race. Maybe three or four thousand people will come out to vote in a primary. And that primary race over 27,000 people came out and voted. I won ladies and gentlemen. So you've got to be willing to say focus to be creative to be a relentless because things are going to happen to you when you're working on your dream. And so the things happen in life when you have goals and dreams. Things happen. Had no idea. Midway of my third term. My mother became meals. She was diagnosed with breast cancer. My brothers and sisters called me and said they're going to put it in a nursing home. And I said no. They said we thought you would say that. We've interviewed the best nursing homes in Dave County. I said I said no. It's had a problem. How can one woman raise seven children? Who couldn't take care of themselves? But seven grown people couldn't take care of one woman. I had a problem with that. Some resigned from the Ohio legislature and I came back to Miami to take care of my mom and took care of until 89. When I decided to become a speaker, I didn't just quit my job and just ran out and say I'm a motivational speaker. No. What I did was I decided to start looking at other people they were involved in the speaking profession. I volunteered to work with some speakers so that I could learn. I've been an entrepreneur for 20 years. This is my 21st year. I could have been speaking and training for 34 years. But for 14 years I was living in my head. For 14 years I stopped myself. For 14 years I used to go see zig-zagle. I considered a number one motivational speaker in the planet. Zig-zagle and Tony Robbins had the best on the planet. Bob Proctor, they have the best on the planet. Jack can't feel mocked to handson. Teahvekker, I would go and see them and then I would leave. And my conversation with myself was my heart would say I can do that. And then my mind would ask how would you do that, less brown? Listen to me for it. That's the way I felt. And so I had to visualize myself. Speaking before them, speaking before various audiences that had more going for them than I did and realized and appreciate my own value and that I was a worthwhile person even though I didn't have all going for me. I didn't have the money, I didn't have the education that they had. So part of the process is seeing yourself being worthy. I never worked for a major corporation. I wanted to speak for corporations. I was afraid I would be exposed because I don't have a college education. I felt inferior because of the fact that I don't have a college education. I allowed that level of failure to stop me. And because I never had an experienced in it, I assumed that I could not do it. I was paralyzing myself by believing and assuming the limited part of myself as a boars of believing that I had something special. It's hard changing your life. It was hard when just over three years ago and the Panops got building an Detroit, Michigan, where I was operating my business. And I fell on some hard times. And I was sleeping in my office. It was hard coming into the lobby. And the security said, excuse me, Mr. Brown, can we see you for a moment? And I said, yes, and I walked up to the corner and he gave me an envelope. And he said, would you mind reading it here? And I opened the envelope and the envelope was from management that said, this is an office tower. It's not a hotel. Please do not sleep in your office. And I said, excuse me, sir, I just worked long hours in creating my business. I'm an entrepreneur. And right now things are bad for me. But they're not going to be this way always. And I just asked for the opportunity to continue to operate like I'm doing. I'm not trying to make this my home. And it was hard coming through the lobby. And sometimes they would laugh. There's a guy talking about becoming successful. He's getting his bathing in the bathroom upstairs on the 21st floor. He sleeps on the floor. Him and two other dreamers up there. Look at him. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. Coming to speak to people. And I was facing financial difficulties in my own life. I was behind on my bills and my dreams. And I'm saying to them, you can live your dream. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. It was very difficult to pick myself up each day believing that I can do it there with times that I doubted myself. I said, God, why is this happening to me? I'm just trying to take care of my children and my mother. I'm not trying to steal a rob from anybody. How does that happen to me? It was very hard. And here's what I want to say to you. But those of you that have experienced some hot shins. Don't give up on your dream. No one could have convinced me by holding on. By continuing to push forward. By continuing to run toward my dream. At one day, I would have my own to look show. It's a long shot ladies and gentlemen from Liberty City in a abandoned building on a floor. Now we're knowing my mother of father. It's a long shot being here with you today in this dome. And in Atlanta it's a long shot. No college training label, Educable, mental retarded. But I kept running toward my dream. Go stop. Go stop. Go stop. Running toward your dream. It's very important as you hold on to that dream. The moments when you're going to doubt yourself. There are times when you're going to doubt yourself. There are times when you're going to come. But they have not come to stay. They have come to pass. It's very important for you to know that. Don't say I'm having a bad day. Sam having the care to building day. And I remember when PBS first played one of my specials called You deserve. One Sunday afternoon in Miami, Florida. And he watched the program. He called me and Detroit. And I said, hello, he said, You said, you know who this is. I said, oh, Mr. Washington, it's you. He said, you were the one. I said, yes, sir. If you want to think that enough to go out and fight for it. We're day and night for it. Give up your time, your peace and your sleep form. Of all that your dream and scheme is about it. And I've seen useless and worthless without it. And if you gladly sweat for it and fret for it and plan for it, then lose all your terror of our position for it. And if you simply go after that thing that you want with all of your capacity, strengthen the capacity, hate, hope and confidence, and stern If neither co-poverty, family should go, sickness a pain of body and brain can keep you away from the thing that you are. A dog at hand, grand, you besiege and beset it. With the help of God, you're good.

=== FILE: Fail to Succeed ｜ Michael Jordan ｜ [Pscbwh9iKv0].txt ===

Yeah loves you. Yourタ fash Fear is not real. The only place that fear can exist is in our thoughts of the future. It is a product of our imagination, causing us to fear things that do not at present and may not ever exist. Danger is very real, but fear is a choice. You're all telling ourselves the story. And that A-Montiation. Who's once cut from his high school team? $25,000 to get this thing off the whole gaming fire grant. When I was a Michigan State, two of my pro-ratch, I didn't get a ton of had no budget. But I didn't need a budget. I had a dream. I didn't really know how to presently, never pay. You can say it to me. In case we're going to help your poor craft, but it's been so soon for us to presently, never pay. And I've never quit. I've never done it but why? So there was a hard dream in the first place to take care of the kids from the D. It was my dream. It was my dream. I was expecting to do, I don't expect people to believe in my dream. Like I believe in my dream. And the problem is coming up. It's too long for my own support. Your dream is your life. It'll join you, dominate it, just for it. Like two athletes ever had. I don't know when you were dying. It's your dream. If you want to have it, you should've brought up a mission. Have it. If you want to have it, rise and rise. If you want to have it, you'll have to do what I do. And that's good up to see your clock. You're not sure. If you're going to have it, then you're going to have it. If you're going to have it, you're going to have it. Get your butt up and fire. So you can get to be destroyed by six. That means you'll have to speak to the chief and you won't have that glash. We've got all the energy in the world. Because it's my dad. Just my mum and tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow. Ain't no spare thing that's tomorrow. He'll be back today.

=== FILE: Fall Forward - Motivational video [lOUbu8I46KM].txt ===

If I'm going to fall, I don't want to fall back on anything except my faith. I want to fall forward. I figured at least this way I'll see what I'm going to hit. I'm going to fall forward. Most people allow their fear of failure, 80% allow their fear of failure, not the way they're in their emergency scene. When you're willing to fail again and again and again, you make up your mind to become no matter what person. Then that will then give birth to a part of yourself, which you don't know right now. By putting yourself in an uncomfortable situation, sometimes life will force you to become courageous. Reggie Jackson took out 2600 times and he's created the most in the history of Facebook, but you don't hear about the strikeouts. People remember about home rounds. Full full weight. Thomas Edison conducted 1,000 failed experiments. Because the 1,000 in first was the light bulb. Full full. I didn't quit. I didn't fall back. I walked out of there to prepare for the next audition. And the next audition and the next audition. I prayed. I prayed. And I prayed. But I continued to fail. And failed. To get something you never had. You have to do something you never did. You will fail at some point in your life. Accept it. You will lose. You will embarrass yourself. You will suck at something. You've got to take risks. And I'm sure you'll probably have heard that before.

=== FILE: Football Pump-Up 2016-17 - ＂No excuse is acceptable＂ [shQPvL-yTuU].txt ===

Great moments. Our born and great opportunity. And that's what you have here. That's what you've earned here tonight. One game. If we played them ten times, they might win 9. Not this game. Tonight, tonight, we stay with them. And we shut them down because we can. The separation of talent and skill is one of the greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams that want to do things. Now that you have naturally, skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beaten on your craft. People that are hungry are unstoppable, Mr. Brown. People that are hungry, no excuse is acceptable. Go out and face to music young men. And don't forget, stay hungry. Are you willing to keep working on it? You will and are willing to realize that you have not done your best stuff yet that you can better your best. Just everything you've got to be. Not because of the soap. The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I'm not afraid to die in my trip. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. There's two things. You're getting off first. You are going to die. It's really that simple. It's about winning 101 battles. Taste and fight!

=== FILE: From Zero to YouTube King： PewDiePie's Journey ｜ Motivational Video [R4F4ef7Xv5A].txt ===

I've never really been like a... I don't really care for numbers at much. What I can't more about is the support for... that I get from all you guys. That means so much more than just a random number, but... I just thought I'd drop by, say hello, and really say thank you. It means a lot to me. I love making these videos, and you guys are my main motivation of wanting to make these videos. So yeah, thanks again. This is just a quick, thank you video. Hope you have a nice evening, day, morning, or whatever. And this is PewDiePie signing off. PewDiePie! When I started doing YouTube, I was in college. I was in a student loan. I couldn't even afford a proper computer that I could record gameplay on. Shortly after, I quit college, and so I had to get a job, and I took whatever job I could get, which was to work in a hot dog stand. I was the happiest I was at that time, because I was finally for the first time in many, many years, doing what I wanted to do. And the fact that I could make videos was so much more important to me that I had to spend a few hours a day doing a job that wasn't that prestigious. I really think that money doesn't make you happy. I am just as happy as I am now, as I was five years ago. I think that's what's cool about YouTube. That anyone could technically do it, right? I do want to finish off by just saying, thank you so much to all of you who watched my videos, enjoyed them, and support what I do. It really does mean a lot, and I'm just happy doing this. I would be doing it even if I was still, and not as big as I am. And yeah, today we're gonna celebrate because I have 100 subscribers. To a lot of people, 100 subscribers is probably an insignificant number, but to me, to me, it means a lot, so I just wanna thank you guys so much. Like for all your support, it doesn't matter if you're, I don't know, a new subscriber or being here. I don't have a long end this one and a half months, maybe. I just wanna thank you guys. I love y'all equally. Thank you so much for commenting on my videos and rating them, subscribing, and participating in any way. It just makes me happy. And I don't do this because I wanna be famous. That's the main thing I wanted to say. The only reason why I do this is because it's fun, and you guys are the biggest part of that. Because of you guys, that is actually a fun, and that's why I make videos, and that's why I'm gonna keep making videos. So thank you guys again so much.

=== FILE: HARD WORK - Motivational video [puDQoBPpWyQ].txt ===

Metropolitan Police Division Report the details. Radio spinach impressive The German tell you what not just tell that hate, tell out the entire introduction. I want it gone, history, leave nothing of it. Rubin' out, history! You can't please everybody all the time. Or in part of the time. Keep moving, gentlemen. This is a battle. A war. And the casualties could be your hearts and soul. It's easy to embrace hopelessness when things seem insurmountable. And yet, it's actually just a matter of time until all of the elements come together for things to be alright. I mean, I believe that most difficult situations will resolve themselves if you are persistent and if you don't. If you don't, I give up entirely, and that's what I never did. I never gave up. Why I think there's no substitute for hard work. None zero. It was close to the feeling of flying as I have ever had. The experience of that obsessive focus of having an idea and actually being able to photograph it. That's been the magic potion for me ever since. There are no shortcuts. You've got to put in the time. That's the first takeaway is there absolutely no shortcuts. It takes time and it takes a lot of hard work. You have to study and you have to get good grades. But you certainly should have a good time as well because that's part of your growing up experience. And there's no point in leading life to suffer all the time. You want to enjoy life as well as the next person. So some balance, some blend between the two. But at some point, you're going to need to find your natural voice and find a way to give voice. You are you. And because of that, you do have every bone in your body as an original bone. And if you see that you are going to run out of the your own blood. since I was in my late teens or early 20s. And I just never got around to it. I finally started realizing is I was getting older by my early 40s that I better really do it to see the now or I'm never going to do it. We are here and as you struggle to make your dreams happen to live the impossible, we're thinking of you tonight. I think some people and maybe I used to think once you got successful, you could, you're successful in it. Okay, now you can kind of just relax a little bit. But that's not the case at all. You have to pedal even harder. You have to work even more. There are more opportunities that need more time and dedication in order to do them well, you have to really, really, hunker down and do the hard work. But I've never been afraid of hard work. And I always tell people when I'm asked and it's pretty often that I'm asked about dreams and achieving creative goals that I always believe that the bridge between reality and a dream is work. And I always in moments of despair and doubt and dark days, a focus on the work. I show up and I work and I work and I work and I work. I'm going to do it. That thirst or that drive to just achieve what I believe is something as good as, you know, those heroes that I have is what continues to make me want to do this. The only thing that you can control that influences success in life is how hard you work, how honest you are and how well you deal with others. You can control those variables. When you have a dream and the dream isn't something you dream then it happens. The dream is something you never knew was going to come into your life. The dream's always come from behind you, not right between your eyes. It's deep up on you. But when you have a dream, it doesn't often come at you screaming in your face. This is who you are. This is what you must be for the rest of your life. Sometimes a dream almost whispers and I've always said to my kids, the hardest thing to listen to, your instincts, your human personal intuition, always whispers. It never shouts. Very hard to hear. So you have to every day of your lives. You're ready to hear what whispers in your ear. It very rarely shouts. And if you can listen to the whispers and if it's tickles your heart and it's something you think you want to do for the rest of your life, then that is going to be what you do for the rest of your life and we will benefit from everything you do. I don't think there's any magic in being successful. And I'm not talking about making a million dollars or a billion dollars. I'm just talking about being successful. I'm talking about being successful in what you guys do. At work, I don't think there's any magic. You got to work hard. You got to respect the people around you. And you just got to go. I've never met a successful person that doesn't work hard. We are trained to listen to voices that are not our own. Parents and professors fill our heads with wisdom and information and then employers and mentors take their place and explain how this world really works. And usually these voices have already baked sense, but sometimes doubt starts to creep into our heads and into our hearts. And even when we think, that's not quite how I see the world. It's kind of easier just to not agree with and go along. And for a while, I let that going along to find my character. Music And at first, the internal voice I need to listen to was hardly audible and it was hardly noticeable, kind of like me in high school. But then I started paying more attention and my intuition kicked in. And I want to be clear that your intuition is different from your conscience. They work in tandem, but here's the distinction. Your conscience shelves. Here's what you should do while your intuition whispers. Here's what you could do. Listen to that voice that tells you what you could do. Nothing will define your character more than that. Because once I turned to my intuition and I tuned into it, I certain projects began to pull me into them and others I turned away from. Keep going. Find that thing you love because it's tough work. But I think if you can find that thing that really gives you joy, that'll be it. Because for me, it's always been comedy and stand up and acting too because of the exploring behavior, but it's tough work, but it's and it's if you can get it even better. Good luck.

=== FILE: HOW - MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO FOR 2016 [bi8iiTw2wi8].txt ===

I spent so many years trying to figure out how I wasted 14 years. See, once you commit yourself, the how will come, the way will come. You have the ability to do more than you can ever begin to imagine. The most difficult thing I've ever done was to believe that I can do what I'm now doing. But imagine if you will, being on your deathbed and standing around your bed, the dreams given to you by life, the ideas that you never acted on, the talents, the gifts, the abilities that you never used. And there they are standing around your bed looking at you with large angry eyes saying, we came to you. And only you could have given us life. And now we must die with you forever. If you died this very moment, what will die with you? What dreams? What ideas? What talents? What leadership potential? What greatness that you showed up to brain? That you allowed fear of procrastination to hold you back? I refuse to die and unlive like, don't worry about the art. You want to raise the bar on yourself. Most people won't do that. See, most people engage in low life living, low risk living. If you're not willing to risk, you cannot grow. And if you cannot grow, you cannot become your best. And if you cannot become your best, you can't be happy. And if you can't be happy, then what else is there? No, I'm parked. I didn't have my emergency lights on. I didn't want to show up on the radar. I'm parked. You know how long I'm parked? I'm parked for 10 years. I'm parked. I'm parked. Unless you're tempted to do something beyond that, which you've already mastered, you will never grow. And so you want to begin to take some chance. You want to begin to challenge yourself and make it okay to feel and learn from your failures. Don't allow fear of failure. And the alert, the attractiveness of playing at safe and life to draw you in. You'll discover some things about yourself, and you don't know right now. You can't get out of life alive. You've got to die to leave here. See, most people stop short of their dreams and park and get off the highway of light because of the rejections of life. You will always be rejected. You must be willing to do the things that a others won't do. In order to have the things tomorrow, others will hack. See, once you commit yourself, the how will come. The way will come.

=== FILE: HOW TO BE A YOUTUBE SENSATION   ft Casey Neistat [0Hs9eV1162A].txt ===

Start and then here is life and you have to cross the finish line until you die broke leaving the world a better place than when you found it. For me I start busing my busing my chops and I find this success and then I get to this place right here and this is when HBO bought my show and I thought this was making it. I thought I had made it right there so I backed off. I stopped fighting and I just kind of like chill down and did nothing for a couple of years and then the show aired and it was like over and I looked around and here's where I was. This is where I learned that life does have up to down but you have to keep fighting and busing your ass to go like this. You've got a main tain there. You can never get comfortable because when you get comfortable this is what happens. Comfort this is comfort. Comfort is decline. This is fight. You fight your way up. I couldn't get comfortable. I had to keep fighting. So that's why I'm all the guys and that's why I'm going for it right now. My focus is laser set on the future. I'm not looking back. All I see a bigger scary amount that I will climb and stop it nothing to get to the top of. I didn't start daily vlogging to grill my YouTube channel. I did it as a way to kill all those excuses I used that kept me from making more movies because of every similar impression of my life. Doing the work has always been the thing. It has always been the catalyst that took me from where I am to where I wanted to be. If you want to succeed here you've got a short for work every single day. That took me five years to learn. So to take away you've never made it. With each success must come a newer and more ambitious goal.

=== FILE: HOW TO BE RICH - Motivational video [DbV0zfFjo5Y].txt ===

There was a day that I became wealthy. I'll tell you a day I know that day I was rich. I was broke. I was pissed. I was angry everybody else but who myself? I had a friend that I loaned money to when I had girl enough and I knew we needed it. I gave him $1200 and I'm here not able to eat. I'm down to like $25-2600 and I'm saying to him, call him and he's not returning to my call and I just need some money. He's ignoring me. I didn't ignore him and I'm pissed. I'm frustrated. In this of all this, I'm also pragmatic. I got 25 and changed called $2600. What the hell am I going to do? I don't have any plans for economics. I got over at that's crazy. I'm living with a little tiny apartment from the square feet in this California. I should have been freaking out. How the fuck am I going to eat? But I didn't. I feel like something inside of me has finally got past scarcity. The finally realized there's something inside of us more than our limits. Especially when it's been called money that I had let terrorize me. I got home and the mailman came that day and I had no idea I was going to have my next meal. And that's what it comes. And it's from the guy I loaned the money to. And written notes saying, I've been avoiding you. It's wrong. I'm so sorry. You were there when I needed you. Here's what I owe you, plus a little bit more. And the 1200 was there. That's another 100 for the time that I had to take care of. And I cried. And then I decided, what does this mean? I thought this means that whenever you give, it's always going to come back so you don't have to ever think about that again. Just give. I don't know if that's coincidence. But I decided to believe that day was a blessing when I became rich. And I can tell you honestly, I've had tough days in my life economically, emotionally like all of us. But I've never gone back to that. It's scarcity I never will. The secret to living is giving. Do it when you don't have it. And I promise you, scarcity will lead your life.

=== FILE: HOW TO BECOME A SUCCESSFUL ARTIST [2kpFCGoXfBo].txt ===

I'm not going to be able to do anything. Larry Willis, a great pianist, told me once. If you take care of the music, it will take care of you. And if you're true to it, you're going to get you what you need. You just have to put all in. You can't just put a little bit. You got to put it all in there. Listen, any young aspiring musicians out there, and music is what you want to do. And music is what you love and your passion. It doesn't take a fragrance. It's not about the tabloids. It's about you putting in the work, practicing everyday, practicing your vocals, practicing your instrument, practicing songwriting. And hopefully one day you write the song, you know, the whole world wants to get down to. Honestly, if you're good at what you do, people will recognize that. I really believe it. I really believe that going out and playing good songs live as a great live band will make you successful. I really think it will, and it doesn't matter if you're at the shit hold down the street or you're on the side stage of Bonnaroo or your headlining willopalooza. If you're a great band with great songs, people will notice it. That's it. It's all it is. It's fucking, it's that simple. Fuck. Product placement and fucking labels and anR people and all that bullshit. It doesn't fucking matter. I swear to God. It doesn't matter. And if you back that up with the idea that just playing those great songs in your great live band is enough reward for you than your fucking set. But you've got to be badass. You just have to be really good. It's the other things that make up for your musical inability. That's what it takes. You don't have to stand in line at the song contest on TV to become a fucking popular musician. To stand in front of some judge that doesn't even fucking play an instrument on their own goddamn records. Tell you now you're not going to fuck that. You know, go blow people away in their face. And so it's kind of, you know, it's, I honestly believe it's that simple. I just do that if you put me on stage without a fucking PA or floor monitors in a small club that I would beat the fucking shit out of my drum so much that people go God damn, did you see that fucking drummer? Whoa. And I'd walk away from every show like, there you go. I'd just beat the fucking piss out of those things and people saw it. And I think that that should go for pretty much every part of the process. Well, it's easy for you to say. I'm like, man, I was in the same fucking position you are in 24 years ago. I was it. I worked in a fucking furniture warehouse and I wanted people to like my music so I played out as much as I could, you know. And if you really honestly, I'd like to say if you're passionate and driven and focused in what you do, really fucking good at it, people will take notice.

=== FILE: I WILL - Motivational video [iEqgsCmddKQ].txt ===

Dr. Carter had a tear in his eye. I could tell he felt for me. And he said, son, I'm sorry to say you're not going to box again. Vinnie was involved in a very serious car accident that nearly killed him. He broke his neck. I will tell you this, there is no more destructive belief in the world, the thing that life happens to you. The first thing you do is you play what I call the blame game. After months of rehab against Dr. Zorder, he got back in the ring. You stop blaming everybody for why you don't have what you want. You blame the government, you'll blame your family, and blame your spouse, you'll blame the economy, you'll blame anybody and everybody. When you think the world happens to you, the power. The second thing you do is you justify it. It is because the economy is saying it's because people are unfair to me. And I looked at him. I said, no, that's the kind of yellow one. I am going to box again. They justify it. Third, this is the worst one of all, as they complain. When you're complaining, what are you focusing on? And everything, again, life, most of life comes down to psychology doesn't it? It starts here in the internal world before you can master the external world, you have to master your own internal world. That's the true secret to success. You really have to have a passion about it, and you have to have a reason to succeed. You can't, it isn't to be just something you want to be. The number one thing that's gonna change your life, the only thing that's gonna change your life. The only thing that will change your life, change your business, change your money, change your relationship Is you must raise your Standard The only thing that changes their life long term is when we raise our standards That all of us in life have things we want, we don't get what we want, we get what we have to have But when you're no longer willing to tolerate something, that's when your life changes The difference in people is their standards, period Everyone in the world has a list of things they think they should do I should lose weight, I should work out, I should spend more time with my kids I should work harder, I should make more calls, I should, I should, I should, I should And then you know what people don't do their shifts and they get mad at themselves They beat them up on the bat What changes people is when you're shit, becomes a must When suddenly the thing you said shit happened, has to happen That's when you're in the beings change If you want to take the island and you're the head of the army, you want to take the island The most powerful way to take the island is burn the boats But there's no way to go back, it's amazing what happened when it's a must to do something for it's a shit That's what makes you to be succeed We don't get what we want, we get what we have to have Every human being is thirsty for a vision Everyone is and so few people have it's what they do to gravitate towards someone who has a vision for the future They want to be a part of a vision It's got to be something above your goals And that's your vision for the future It's not just about it, it doesn't have like an ending point, it's about the world being a certain way And that's inspiring to you When you truly have a vision for your future that inspires you, you're going to jump up out of bed in the morning And you feel great about going at life, being miserable and going to a job you hate Or living a life that doesn't empower you and just every day moving through just someone's like a no-time-a-time Not really having the zest and the greatness of life Some of it I love it when someone says, there's never no one has ever done this before Because then when I do it, that means that I'm the first one that has done it So if I know attention to the people and say you can't be done It's not because you set your goals to high and miss, you set your goals to low and you hit them The difference in people is their standards, period And I looked at them, I said, no, that's the kind of year-long I am going to box again It's that extra inch, that's where you want to set your goal, want to set the goals just above your comfort zone And I'm talking about what your parents and teachers wanted to be with you I'm talking about figuring out for yourselves what makes you happy No matter how crazy it may sound for the people I don't think it's that hard, I think what happens though, sometimes is that we let our intellectual selves overrule those passions And so that's what needs to be guarded against To tell you how much power you have in your mind We are all a working progress, we are all a working progress But I just want to remind you of the power of the mind You can create the outcome of your hour, your week, your month and your year You just have to decide in your mind what you want it to be But there's a more power in the mind than you probably like to think and give yourself credit for And I looked at them, I said, no, Dr. Kadya Roanke, I am going to box again

=== FILE: IGNORE HATERS - MOTIVATION [PF54jfEFhIM].txt ===

If you don't know, now you know, it's true. Your friends, family, and loved ones will be the first ones to try and talk you out of greatness. When you're ready to do something and try something new, that's out of your comfort zone, that's out of your norm. It's always the one you're dating, the one you married to, the one missing your family, your friends and your immediate circle that will always try and talk you out of doing something special and significant. Walk into bold and uncomfortable doors, without having fear and rejection, without having fear of the word no. Do you know how many people have had visions, ideas, and huge career moves that they were about to make? They allowed the word no to stop them from changing the landscape of their life and their family lives. So many people are afraid of rejection and the word no. It is the saddest shit of a witnessed in my life. So I no longer have fear of rejection. I no longer have fear of the word no. I've never, I no longer give power to the word no. I could care less about you rejecting me, this only means me having visions and ideas and you not seeing what I see. I see what's not there. I need those that can see the invisible can do the impossible. I see what's not there. I have visuals. I have visions of bold and unapologetic. Boldly walking to the moon, which I had held a pie and if they don't get it laugh about, don't disown your ideas because they're disowning your ideas. Don't lose confidence in your ideas because they don't have confidence in your ideas. You got gifts, you got towns, you got capabilities, you got inventions, you got phone apps, you got all of these things that you need to unleash on the world. You don't have money, you may not have the financial resources, but don't allow your visions and ideas to be stifled because of what's in your bank account or not. When you have visions and ideas, you do any means necessary to get ahold of the investors and the people with all the money in the world don't have your ideas to see to it that your ideas come to life. I am so proud of you already because only a chosen few will hear this message and you're going to reactivate the beast inside of you and move on those visions ideas and inventions. I'm proud of you. I'm celebrating your success already. What is the secret of cheating goals? How do you plan to hit, put it down to every day you know if you're going in that direction success or maybe you're altered. People like me as a huge genetics is a year. The potential is that when it comes down to it success is nothing to do with the potential. It's all about the perseverance of somebody. That will override any endeavor. If you throw shit against the wall, eventually something will stick. You guys said, our heads potential don't have this potential. That's your ideas. What continues the last forever is a person there and so always show up. That's what champions do. Every single champion is the same as every ordinary person. They're no differentials, they show up to the event every single day. They see failure as a learning curve. They welcome failure. You learn more from failure than you ever were from success. So showing up and getting knocked on your ass on the test of 40 stand back up, every day they send a endeavor. It's going to be the overriding factor that makes a difference. How do you know when you're doing those things? The small things are like add up to those big, monumental things. One of the small things is a care-for-body block. Your name means something you hold value to your name. If you drop trash from the ground, you pick it up because that's your responsibility. You hold value to yourself. When you shake your hands, you look in the eye, you're going to burn your handshake. Stir here for a purpose. Everything we do, you do to the best of your ability. It doesn't have what you're doing. It's that that you're doing it. Therefore it means something to you. That's going to build the legacy. That's the title out there doesn't mean shit. You win the title fine. That title will not get you another title. What you're trying to build is legacy. You know, footprint behind you. There are left motivation, so enough to follow. Legacy is built daily through the character, the real power, the code of conduct within somebody. And that's the person here who's showing up every single day. That will always achieve your goal. It doesn't matter what you're born with. It doesn't matter. You're potential, how much it's silver spoon and money you have. All that can be attained if you show up. And you're willing to risk failure for success. Want to introduce you all of this very simple concept? That if you want it, you gotta go get it. Some of y'all got this concept of what you want, what you want to accomplish. You know, some of y'all are motivated by broke. I'm broke, I'm stuck, I'm fucked up, I can't do nothing. I'm a y'all, I'm motivated by just wanting to accomplish the things that you want to accomplish. Other folks are motivated by materialistic things. So very simple concept. If you want it, you gotta go get it. And what does that mean? That you try to convince me or anybody else that you want to get it when you party in all week. As soon as you get any kind of money, you buy in a bunch of shit that you really can't afford. What you got to lay this iPhone for? See, everything about what you're doing and the way that you're moving is to get me in the way of the big picture. You're still clever, you're still party, you're still popping bottles with bottles, you're doing the most. All ready. You can't even open. You're trying to convince everybody around you that you are, but you're not on. You know the truth and I know the truth. You ain't on. Most of the people who really ain't got it, they go out of the way to try and show people that they have it. It's time to stay focused. It's time to decide. Fuck clubs, fuck party and fuck trying to fit in and socialize. Rub elbows with everybody so people can stop calling you weird. Why are you so anti-social? Because I'm trying to get it. Why are you standing on the basketball court so much because I'm trying to get it? Why are you out there practicing in a hot sun when anybody else out there? Because I'm trying to get it. Why are you not clubbing like every time I text you and invite you to go do some fun and cool, you always study it because I'm trying to get it. Let me tell you something. The more weird you are is a reflection of how committed you are to focus it on your shit, molding and shaping and developing your ideas and your crap so that when it's time for you to make your rounds, you're going to fly. You still got work to do. Stay on that basketball court, stay on that football field, fuck all the homies, text and then call it and trying to make you feel bad about being so focused. It's grind season homie. It's not about today, it's about the future. You do the work now, do the work now and all of the shit that you could ever want to do for your family, your kids, your loved ones. It's all going to be on the whole other stratosphere. It's time to stay focused. This is what I hope. I hope this video makes you uncomfortable. Because I look at this, I look at this as a mirror. I get to look yourself in the mirror and ask hard and tough questions. What am I doing every single day with my life? Creating obstacles, challenges and distractions for myself. I am so proud of you already because only a chosen fuel here is this message and you're going to reactivate the beast inside of you and move on those visions, ideas and inventions. I'm proud of you. I'm celebrating your success already.

=== FILE: IMAGINE - Motivational Video [TcV_ORBeEjc].txt ===

He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed. I have spent my whole life. Scared. Frightened. Things that could happen. Light happened. Might not happen. Fifty years. I spent like that. Finding myself awake at three in the morning. Few died today. What ideas? What dreams? What abilities? What talents? What gifts? He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed. And standing around your bed. The ghost of the ideas, the dreams, the abilities, the talents. Given to you by life and at you for whatever reason you never acted on those ideas. You never pursued that dream. You never used those talents. We never saw your leadership. You never used your voice. You never wrote that book. And there they asked, turning around your bed. Looking at you with large angry eyes. We came to you. And only you could have given us a lot of... Now we must die with you forever. How many of you know that if you had to lie to your little brother again, you could do more than what you got. I came to realize that fear, that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. You never used those talents.

=== FILE: It Has To Be Done - Motivational Video [v05qoLSRDPw].txt ===

I believe desire and will to win is everything. I don't know why I'm like I am but my but's always burning. There's always something say art, dad, gummature is supposed to go far. Art, dad gummature is supposed to be somebody you're supposed to make a difference with your lie. What is the 500,000 dollar-year person do? The 50,000 dollar-year person doesn't do. You're looking outside instead of those two individuals everything seems to be the same. They both are the same sex, they both are the same age, they have the same training, the same positions, the same contract, the same friends, men of theirs, they both are successful, they work hard, they're good family people, make tough commitments. But what's the difference? What is the 500,000 dollar-year person do? The 50,000 dollar-year person doesn't do. He pays the price a little bit more. He works hard a little bit more. He's loyal to the cut in a little bit more. He leaves a little bit more. He makes money a little bit more. He says money a little bit more. If you want to win in the United States, you got to be tough. And you can't quit. It's folks if you want to win in business, you got to be a leader. Leadership is everything. You show me anything in the United States that win. I'll show you a leader at work. I thought at one time in my life you had to be smart to win. And I found two things out about smart people. I think it's almost impossible for a smart person to win in business in America today. Because I find smart people spend their whole lifetime figuring things out. They always trying to figure out an easier way in a quicker way. And another thing I found out about smart people is they just don't get around to do anything. They say something like art, we have everybody said, Well, he can't do it. And somebody like that can't do it. But he does it. See folks I want you to know almost everybody in America almost doesn't up to win. They almost get there. They almost go over the hump. They almost have it going. They almost in everything they do. Almost is a way of life to almost everybody in America. But the winners do it. What do they do? They do whatever it takes to get the job done. They do it. And do it. And do it. And do it. And do it. And do it. Until the job gets done. And then they talk about how great it is to be somebody they're proud of. If you want to become somebody, do it. If you want to go and finish for yourself, do it. If you want to become financial independent, do it. I hear too much talking these United States. Everybody can talk a good game. We need people in America who can do it. They've got to go all over this country with AOEs and I have people say, are you? You can't all mean wonderful. Just do it. All right, I can't hear. This is my last stop. I'm going to win now. Super duper. Just do it. All right. If I could just have one good month and get to ball going, I know I could make it big. Super. Just do it. All right. If I could just pay all this dead, I could really go. Great. Just do it. All right. If I could just say on the house. Do it. All right. But how's the day selling? Do it anyway. All right. I'm not making any money. What can I do? You just do it. Let's do what all you do it and do it and do it. All right. Get down on the windows contest. Super duper. Just do it. All right. I'm over the hunt now. Watch my smoke. Grains. Just do it. All right. I want to make it so bad. I'm tasting what I do. You just do it. All right. I'm over the hunt. Do it. All right. All right. I know that I'm keeping it on. I'm really hurt. What do I do? You just do it. And do what? You do it. And do it. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right.JAXSKY is here. Please. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. I do it. I are in my manager don't give me no help what I do. You just do it. I are. You don't understand. I was Mr. Everything in my former country. You don't mean I have to start off down here to bottom and do it. Do it. Yeah, you really got to do it.

=== FILE: J.K.  Rowling - motivational speech [MyOvJzRA-P0].txt ===

Igynddu Siseryh mwy brewn ei rhymlown myth youtube,nar ardomolat sydd yniad, wed 막 bertheu... a synrychfrieden wrth unir Canonau a myaf groz ydychraithi Fraura Nour family Wayith'n cymynn неch rumus ap duelных acquis� mwy'r yrstus Wrythfwrd tobles Cytw atomio cyfan pat groansu byrwwy ha blau a Bonapapa, yn ca produ confirm y n дисchu. Ma phi�as ywrdu a Masiekio. Double ac ma yrnau. Mae Mae'r fler ro fylre, durchaus eithelio drluau Oder deu annoyau moreth myrau, yотр ydauda od weatherwide I� def time hynch o curfaenid automu, medd �排 rodzera'i am jériender. Orna area and thwa un fenноid gallun ac gyughters, Chawn o j可愛au bydd morwl fe oilychu, wrust yn myr w prillag. Un report o jwyyll i'r o'r sch identity yn ydyl deunde chi ydd? Un report pyrim myr' help edget arlu. Numuw y bod yrand helloolw yn pasw النifer, ond ar yda yma iedernw wes pens � Forsypm. Yleg lipol Gwyd 3ch aich топioeth Ibu i modeladall ar sydd grofoaf bym y hetwyr. U fi wedi a bound fy geoedau rodu bnyddago. Rg w��요 yn ymlyn ystydi meu… I fysh'n gw days hebio rhydweud gwneud a feu Mag. ein i r 있다 a game, tal y allangd FTTER Exchange d ydyfne'r from sy'n iawn gonaud fel eredd ar yma desichol o ballain.

=== FILE: Jackie Chan - Motivational Video [UnYlk7hRScE].txt ===

I never give up. I never give up. I go my own way, risk my life. So this way I'll always tell the people not because one thing is for them. You never give up. Never give up. Never give up. One day you will see. When you see the famous people wow so successful, you don't know behind the storm. How tough they are, what they are, when people wow taking the move so good. When everybody sleep, I still in the half club, in the mirror. Practicing. Practicing. And four club, six or six or six, on the set. Then you suddenly do something, wow, very beautiful. Oh yeah, go back, train again. Okay, this is Nick head, that's a sneak mouth, that's a sneak tongue. Okay, you create more things. Every day when I'm on the set, I just do the best I can. Every move I risk my life to do the things, not for the fans. If for myself, because after do the best I can, they are lately becoming my train mouth, which I give risks to life. Even today I look at the old film, look at myself. Sometimes, we are smart, I'm glad. Even I know I get hurt, I'm so happy, I did it. You might get hurt, you learn in a piano, you learn in a martial art. Learn in the level you can. They see it, I just do it. 10 years later, now for ever, the things you learn, or the success I have for ever. Don't worry, crap, one day, two of them will be young. Never give up, never give up, one day you will see.

=== FILE: Jim Carrey  - Motivational Speech [_ok0PXY7HhU].txt ===

I wrote myself a check for $10 million and I gave myself five years or three years maybe and dated at Thanksgiving 1995 and I put it in my wallet and I kept it there and it deteriorated and deteriorated just before Thanksgiving 1995 I found out that I was going to make $10 million on thinking about the government number. I've spent your whole life imagining ghosts worrying about the pathway to the future, but all there will ever be is what's happening here. The decisions we make in this moment which are based in either law and in both of them. So many of us choose our paths out of fear and disguise to practice how they will. What we really want seems to possibly out of reach in ridiculous things to expect so we never dare to ask the universe for it. I'm saying I'm the proof that you can ask the universe for it. My father could have been a great comedian but he didn't believe that that was possible for him and so he made a conservative choice. Instead, he got a safe job as an accountant and when I was 12 years old he was let go from that safe job and our family had to do whatever we could to survive. I learned many great lessons from my father, not the least of which was that you can fail at what you don't want so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.

=== FILE: Kai greene ｜ Mr Olympia 2013？ [fKTGwhWHj_k].txt ===

This whole game is about being a champion of mine, being in control of your own thoughts. Mine is everything. I hurt myself today to see if I still feel. It's a good opportunity to have a done. I was around like 14 or so. It was the first time I was alive that I ever experienced a success that had nothing to do with my pedigree. You know, where I came from, had more and all to do with just my own ability to work really hard. And if I work hard at it, I could achieve something that was in my own hands to do. But if I become my sweetest friend, everyone I know goes away in the end. And you could have with all. This is my life, but this is also me. I will let you down. I will make you. Tremendous power, you know, let just rest in your hands. You stood in the wind with me here. Tremendous power with you. I will, this is from the thorns. Upon my life, chair, full of broken thoughts. I cannot repair. Beneath the stains of time, the feelings, this appeal. You are someone else. I am still right here. But have I become my sweetest friend. Every one I know goes away in the end. And you could have it all. My empire, but true. I will let you down. I will make you. If I could start again, I'll make you know my own way. I will keep myself. I would find a way. What am I doing in my life? Am I living it? I will make you know my own way. I will make you know my own way. Mind is everything. If you don't believe you can do something you can't. I will make you know my own way.

=== FILE: LEAVE A LEGACY - Motivational Video [ngvERUL8uy4].txt ===

I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. Stop living like you have a thousand years to live. I think you have brainless with you. This is no slogan. This is what I know. You can do more than you are now doing. Most people only want percent of willing to do the work. If you want to think bad enough to God, fight for. To work day and night for. To give up your time, your peace and your sleep. And if you gladly sweat for it in front of it in front of it, and lose all your terror of the opposition for it. And if you simply go after that thing that you want, with all of your capacity, if neither cold poverty, if damage your cold, sickness of pain of body and brain, and keep your way for the thing that you want. You'll get them. See, we can control the thoughts that come in our minds, but we can control the thoughts that we dwell on. This is my time. I own my life. I have to start thinking I have the ability to do this. And I had to mind that I'm unstoppable. There is something in you that can transcend your circumstances. That can transcend the nose and rejections. That can transcend anything that you're going through. And so what we have to do is every day that's tracked ourselves from the negative thoughts that stand on my mind. I'm going to control my own destiny. I'm going to determine what I want to do, what I want out of love. And I'm willing to do what's required to make it become a reality. We've got to be hungry. People that are hungry are willing to do the things they of this world do. In order to have to think tomorrow of us, we won't have people that are hungry. I'm dissonant. People that are hungry are focused. People that are hungry are relentless. Most people just try and survive. Most people when they die, they leave live abilities rather than bill a legacy.

=== FILE: LIFE - Motivational video [SHfQsq2MVGo].txt ===

What is the most astounding fact you can share with us about the universe? The most astounding fact is the knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth, the atoms that make up the human body are traceable to the crucible that cooked, right elements into heavy elements in their core, under extreme temperatures and pressures. These stars, the high mass ones among them, went unstable in their later years. They collapsed and then exploded, scattering, they're enriched guts across the galaxy. Guests made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condense collapse form the next generation of solar systems, stars with orbiting planets and those planets now have the ingredients for life itself. Don't have a less somebody tell you, you can't do so. So that when I look up at the microscope and I know that yes we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts, is that the universe is in place. When I reflect on that fact, I look up. I think that's a great idea. I've got a dream, a lot of the tech. Many people feel small because they're small and the universe is big, but I feel big. Because my atoms come from those stars. There's a level of connectivity. That's really what you want in life. You want to feel connected. You want to feel relevant. You want to feel like you're a participant. You're going on with activities and events. That's precisely what we are just by being alone. I love living. I think that's infectious. There's something that you can't see. You want to take a leap of faith. What we're becoming all that. Feel the wind, we're glad.

=== FILE: LIFE IS A GIFT - Motivational video [b9WxCwSlVc0].txt ===

In this world, there is room for everyone and good earth, there is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free of beautiful. I love living, I think best infectious, there is something that you can't fake. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others opinions drowned out your own inner voice. And most important have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.

=== FILE: Lebron James make a Decision [y2LMy03uWtw].txt ===

We can easily say congrats to the cake but quite honestly that's getting a bit boring. This is LeBron James we're talking about the best basketball player on a planet. It's just plain and simple. 277 and 8. This is what this man averaged this year. This is after winning the MVP last year. After winning 3 previous league MVP he's just been absolutely dominant on the Miami and you know something else too. He deserves even more credit consideration. For the role of cancer cry. You're free to cover one win. Yes! And you're a ball, James! You have to believe it. You have to believe it has a bit of role. But then the big win is the point when a 1.27 straight football body you think that is. It would happen if the big win is the LeBron James. Instead of favor to repeat this world championship, LeBron James thinks that is the biggest win because no LeBron James. It doesn't matter what you're doing this place. It doesn't matter what players you look at. But then you're having the rain, holding the car, and LeBron James really doesn't matter. We can talk about the total macro. Anybody who stands to you, it was LeBron James. The only success is for the only wish you man amiss. And if it was not, we'd love to know who that person was. I hope I could pull it straight. I wouldn't like the speed of sound. We can keep on the ground. Can't stay in one place. Keep moving like a bridge. Like a bridge. We can keep on the ground. Can't stay in one place. I think this is the way to sound together. Keep moving like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge. Like a bridge.

=== FILE: Leonardo DiCaprio - Climate change speech [LEONARDO DICAPRIO FOUNDATION] [r1RbGwkikAo].txt ===

Last month in Paris, World Leaders reached an historic agreement that provides concrete framework to reduce carbon emissions. This was an important first step, but we're a long way off from claiming victory in the fight for our future and for the survival of our planet. The Paris Agreement was a call to action, but is now up to all of us to build this progress with ingenuity and commitment to change. Together we are fighting to preserve our fragile climate from irreversible damage and devastation of unthinkable proportions. In Greenland and in the Arctic, I was astonished to see that ancient glaciers are rapidly disappearing, well ahead of scientific models. An India, I met farmers who have seen their crops, their very livelihood, literally washed away by historic flooding. There is no doubt to the World Scientific Community that this is a direct result of human activity and the effects of climate change will become astronomically worse in the future. Those who deny the reality of climate change will also find themselves less economically successful. We simply cannot afford to allow the corporate greed of the coal, oil and gas industries to determine the future of humanity. Last week, President Obama told those who continue to deny the irrefutable science behind climate change, they will find themselves increasingly lonely in its swell of voice as a call for action. Those entities with a financial interest in preserving this destructive system have denied and even covered up the evidence of our change in climate. Enough is enough. You know better, the world knows better. History will place the blame for this devastation squarely at their feet. Our planet cannot be saved unless we leave fossil fuels in the ground where they belong. Professor Mark Jacobs and an a team of researchers at Stanford University have proven that we can meet the world's total energy demand by using existing renewable technology by 2050. To make that potential a reality, we need the collective will and conviction of political business and philanthropic leaders like all of you. This transition is not only the right thing for our world, it makes clear economic sense and it is possible within our lifetime. A shift of this magnitude will save nearly 42 trillion in global energy costs while creating 20 million new jobs. Over the last several years, organizations and individuals worth $3.8 trillion have already committed to divest their fossil fuel holdings and replace them with new investments in clean renewable energy projects and leaders like Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos have already pledged to help build a zero mission future. I ask you to join them because if we all do our part and act with bold leadership, we can achieve major meaningful progress that is not only an inevitable transition, it is also imperative for the future of our planet. 15 years ago today, I developed my foundation to focus on these critical issues. 3% of all philanthropic giving goes towards a protection of our only home planet Earth. I am pleased to announce today a $15 million grant new commitment from LDF to fast track cutting edge sustainability and conservation projects around the world. So much can be done if we all work together. With your help, we can quickly identify and fund the most innovative and effective projects that are the greatest potential to overt the crisis we face. As I look across this room, I am optimistic that our ability to convene the most significant and influential minds on the planet can result in the global transition necessary to protect both our society and our natural world. The challenges before us require each and every one of us to take action, wield this to ourselves, and more importantly, we owe it to future generations who are counting on all of us. Thank you all very much for taking full great on. The generosity is the key to our future.

=== FILE: Leonardo DiCaprio's UN speech [lK-vrvfsTT4].txt ===

Before you, not as an expert, but as a concerned citizen. One of the 400,000 people who marched into streets of New York on Sunday and the billions of others around the world who want to solve our climate crisis. As an actor, I pretend for a living. I play fictitious characters often solving fictitious problems. I believe that mankind has looked at climate change in that same way as if it were a fiction. As if pretending that climate change wasn't real would somehow make it go away. But I think we all know better than that now. Every week we're seeing new and undeniable climate events, evidence that accelerated climate change is here right now. Drouts are intensifying, our oceans are acidifying with methane plumes rising up from the ocean floor. We are seeing extreme weather events and the West Antarctic and Greenland I sheets melting at unprecedented rates decades ahead of scientific projections. None of this is rhetoric and none of it is hysteria. It is fact. The scientific community knows it, industry knows it, government knows it, even the United States military knows it. The chief of the US Navy's Pacific Command Admiral Samuel Lockely recently said that climate change is our single greatest security threat. My friends, this body, perhaps more than any other gathering in human history, now faces this difficult but achievable task. You can make history or you will be vilified by it. To be clear, this is not about just telling people the change of light bulbs or a biahiberant car. This disaster has grown beyond the choices that individuals. This is now about our industries and our governments around the world taking decisive large-scale action. Now must be our moment for action. We need to put a price tag on carbon emissions and eliminate government subsidies for oil, coal and gas companies. We need to end the free ride that industrial polluters have been given in the name of a free market economy. They do not deserve our tax dollars. They deserve our scrutiny for the economy itself will die if our ecosystems collapse. The good news is that renewable energy is not only achievable but good economic policy. It is not a partisan debate, it is a human one, clean air and a livable climate are analable human rights. And solving this crisis is not a question of politics, it is a question of our own survival. This is the most urgent of times and the most urgent of messages. Honor delegates, leaders of the world, I pretend for a living, but you do not. The people may their voices heard on Sunday around the world and the momentum will not stop. But now it is your turn. The time to answer humankind's greatest challenge is now. We beg of you to face it with courage and honesty. Thank you.

=== FILE: Life changing speech [34t0qu7g0C8].txt ===

For the past 33 years, I've looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself, if today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today? And whenever the answer has been no for too many days in a row, I know I need to change them. Remembering that all be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything, all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassing or failure, these things just fall away in the face of death. Leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to use. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart. About a year ago, I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7.30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn't even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than 3 to 6 months. My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctors colored for prepared a dog. It means to try and tell your kids everything. You thought you'd have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it remains as easy as possible for you. It means to sell your good box.

=== FILE: MIND SHIFT - Must Hear ＊powerful＊ Inspirational Speech [2zi-41jHvvE].txt ===

I want you to first pay it and get up on your dreams. And when were you gonna stop and come back and do what makes you happy? I see guys who work at the same company for their entire lives. Exactly like you. They clock in, they clock out, and they never have a moment about having it. You have an opportunity. This is a rebirth. Starting at the bottom of an amyory is wherever you are today. Everybody starts at the bottom. And there is no advantage to starting 10 years ago as a boat starting today. In fact, it's better today than it was then. You just gotta put your toe in the water. If you're gonna wait till you know everything you'll never do anything. You have to work so hard to get, you know, get your stuff heard or seen. And so if you don't absolutely love it, you will burn yourself out. If you want a great jump in the quality of your life and an extraordinary jump in the quality of your life, you gotta set yourself up to win. You gotta set yourself up to the process that allows you to consistently grow, consistently enjoy your life, and consistently produce the results that you're really asking. You know you can't let anyone else tell you who you are and how good you are. Based on persistence alone, you will give you a shot. You have to be able to rise from the failures is what makes a successful person because everybody's gonna have miss hats. They're gonna fall down. You know the people that continue to pick themselves up that are the ones that are gonna find their voice, make it whatever you want to call it. One of the things that really helped me have the courage to change was that I realized that I'm not alone. You're gonna have to go to a different level. Just a little bit. And you always say, well I've got to check somewhere. I'm gonna do a lot more research. So go ahead and just keep going. You're gonna go swimming, gotta get wet. Why you gotta have that dream. That's why the people talk about having a dirty lot of you that have a little bit of a dream When you start something new it's not using So stick with it. Find out way through it just find out an answer. It works. Hope this business works You answered the call This is what's coming out us. We've got to figure out how to navigate this and how to succeed and a lot of people just give up It is through the disaster this through that verse that our strength is developed If everything went the way you wanted it to go you wouldn't have anything to exercise by it It's a gymnasium of life where you get the workout the resistance you find out things about yourself that you didn't know I'm stronger than I thought I was I'm tougher than what I thought I would I'm more resilient than I thought I would Change happens in a moment a break through happens in a moment. What is it breakthrough? A break through is that moment in time where suddenly the impossible becomes possible not just intellectually, but you do something about You know people all the time will say it takes 10 years or took me 20 years to make a change. I always say BS It took you a minute the minute you find me sad I quit or it's over. Oh, that's begin or I love you or I do change happens in a moment, but most of us have to go through process to get to that moment Everything in our life changes the moment we make a decision I mean a real decision a decision is when you cut off any other possibility and you commit to something with everything you've got and you take action Don't ever let somebody else tell you what you can do When somebody else is saying something can't be done, what you got to hear them saying is they can't do it I refuse to die and unlive life This is the time to pursue greatness, but the key is you've got to be doing something that you're truly passionate about It could not be I just want to make money that can't be that it's got to be something that the sun can't come up soon enough in the morning Because if you want to go to your bed Baby steps count too as long as you go and fall in and one day you head almost baby steps up and you might be surprised to where you can get to The calmer we ain't coming you had to do this yourself ain't no back up The calmer we ain't coming you had to do this yourself The calmer we ain't coming How exactly are you going to navigate these new realities? Put another way what are you going to do? No one is supposed to live in here No one is supposed to just spend extended periods of time in here This is a public restroom this is not a living space but worrying not for this space There were some things we wouldn't have no place else to go I mean a lot of decisions a lot of hard decisions were made right here about what you're going to do with your life Where you're going to go how are you going to get there? You got to have a plan everybody's got a dream everybody's got to go what's the plan and your plan is Got to have something I call the C5 complex your plans got to be clear concise compelling consistent and committed you've got to have a plan But when you're trying to do something that you're truly passionate about there is no plan V You This is a rebirth You

=== FILE: MINDSET OF THE ELITE - Powerful Motivational video [cU-my2mzhmU].txt ===

I just smile on my long term goals so when we go met on Athens and go on more than one event. So I mean I have a lot of goals but I think that I just want to take a day by day. You know if you want to do something and you want to do that bad, you'll make sacrifices. Those things that I gave up, you know, were things that I wanted to help me get to my goal. You know you can look at any of the athletes in the world. They are the greatest athletes in the world. Do things when they're uncomfortable. Everybody can compete when they're feeling good, happy, excited, rested. But it's the best people who can overcome when they're tired, sure. Not in the great mind, you know, not in the best mindset. Right now things are bad for me but they're not going to be this way always. Mental power that the greatest athletes have can push all the pain aside. That's what I'm going to do with it and no one's going to stop me. It's how strong you can be mentally. I think that really shows who the person is. So I think that's one thing that separates the good from the greatest. And here's what I want to say to you. For those of you that have experienced some hardships, don't give up on your dream. I was behind on my bills and my dreams and I'm saying to them, you can live your dream. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. To pick myself up each day believing that I can do it. There were times that I doubted myself. But I kept running toward my dream. It's hard changing your life. By continuing to run toward my dream, at one day. You will fail at some point in your life. Except you will lose. You will embarrass yourself. You will suck at something. This time when you run and you just want to stop yourself and give up right there. There were this times when I go home. The day we get up and you know what you have a training today. You know what's going to be? You tend to feel like a hug. I don't want to go through it. But you gotta go. It's so hard and I hope you don't know. The decision goes to cash is for you the United States. There is no difference between my humans and your humans. The only thing is if you're trying to get there, you cannot stop believing in any way. No matter what anybody says, no matter what anybody tells you, you have to know it beyond knowing it. It will keep you going when you can't even keep your salt going. But here's the thing. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't fall back. Here's an important point. Nothing works the first time. When you try something, you will probably won't work. When you try something new several times, it will probably won't work. Nothing works at least the first few times. Every time you lose, it's something you're a one step closer winning the next time. The difference between successful people and not successful people. Let's call it that way. People wake up every morning and have a doubt, they have fear, their lose and race, and then they just give up. The hardest thing in life to learn is to lose. When it's easy, you win, you're happy, you get a high five, your friends are happy. For a ability to take a loss, get up the next day, dust yourself off and keep going. Do you have the guts to fail? Focus on one thing, one area, put all of your energy into watering, one area. If you spread the water across many, many seeds, you don't have as much water for one seed. Focus on one thing, make it your priority and stick with it no matter what. Because there comes a time in your life where you've worked and you've stressed and you're trying to get there and you couldn't on your own. But you have a dream and that dream has to take on the belief for you because you can't do it by yourself. So what I would tell you is, don't stop. Now all your focus, to one idea, one and make it work that will give birth to all the others. Let it go, metal, for is from Mendispickery, in the light heavyweight division of the Olympic Parking Championships. A magnificent conclusion to the 1916 Royal Olympics.

=== FILE: MMA - GSP [pY7IcKaksLw].txt ===

I was I started getting ready when I was seven years old and I became a huge MMA fans after I saw Roy's Gracie So when I saw him I guess I got inspired by him and I ride away knew that's what I wanted to be I was I started getting ready when I was seven years old and I became a huge MMA fan I was I started getting ready when I was seven years old and I became a huge fan The rain is phenomenal who waited before slamming down like a down the note and laying in the moss I said today is a new day I'm looking for new prey I'm trying to survive trying to take in this loss The clothes don't break the man. This is the man that makes the clothes and that this war doesn't end this nothing left If I can't I'm sure you had to tonight. I said hello. I said hello. I said hello. I said hello. It's got a full moon. It's just killing the confidence. I'm willing to dominate the deep you get. The more the deeper it is, the more upset I'm not going to die. I tell him that I'm head of four to die. I want to show. Sail in the way. I'm coming with just packed with a stay. Cause when you have a dream, you believe that you have to go and just to work for it I'm not lying in the bus or in the knife and I've been on another dark all night.

=== FILE: MMA Motivation ᴴᴰ [7mzR2MRmJo0].txt ===

Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our life, not our darkness that most frightens us. Your playing small does not serve the world. There was nothing enlightened about shrinkings in that. Other people won't feel insecure around you. People all in to shine as children. It's not just as some of us is in heaven.points, windows, windows, windows, windows, doors.O Ruffers will fly on the streets. Who flyed without fault to serve the kingdom in dawn. Our 2008 sound transformations on their mind. It's a more important promise. What would you get by today? We get one opportunity in life. One chance in life to do whatever you're going to do. To lay your families in order to make whatever more you want to make. Whatever legacy you're going to leave, leave your legacy. And it's found to ever. When the law says come a dad would do us. But effort, nobody can judge every. Because effort is between you and you. Everything I've got to do with nobody else. Because everyday is a new day. Every moment is a no-mo. So now you've got to go on and show me the other different creatures. Now that I've lost five minutes ago. Because I'm pissed off for grace. Because I'm doing pissed off for greatness. That means you're okay with being with me. And no man in your case will be in dispaces.

=== FILE: MMA- Ultimate Fighting Motivation 2014 [J0Y5l10InAg].txt ===

This is the UFC. This is real life. We get in and we fight and I know fake shit. You know what I mean? It's real life. When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, it's not something a lie. You're somebody dead. It's what I breathe is like. What are you thinking? How do you sleep? How do you dream? And so what I need you to understand is God. When you're talking about being the best of the best, like we're talking about being in a sport where at the end of the day, the way you win somebody got a surrender. Somebody got to talk about two grown people. We're talking about two grown people survived the anniversary of your talk about real now. You're talking about our now. You're not talking about physical talent. You're not talking about how you look. You're not talking about how strong you are. You're talking about real. You're talking about real. You're talking about who gets to the point where it's too people. And somebody got to talk about, before the other boys get to talk real, are. And so it was an mentality. and every week we do what time we wake up. Now let me do it how you keep it. There are everything we can with how you work out, how you prepare, how you have every single day to it, how you stay. There are everything we can do. Nothing to laugh about this, but everything you can do is catch it here for fair play. And when you want a better view of the tree and stand out one of my instagram fights, I want to go to the movies page, I want to go to the movies, I want to go to whatever it takes so I get it there. And I want to see the name of the media, and I hear it seem as if you're not going to be a mess with it. Somebody goes in there the loomers. He goes walking exactly, he walks out family out here. He walks out three as out here. He walks out people who are invested in time and they're resources and they're winter. And then you come to guys out there who has been in the day of the smile. But at the end of the day, the first thing that was surrender in the person who was in the audience, but I'm a part of it. And here's the body of the man, the hardy work, the hardy duty is just a random thing. I love about Michael Jordan playing. Michael Jordan had the glory. He's filled with up to the eight joints. He played every single minute. He understood. I got a want this thing and I can't take it down. But I can't play this playoff game. He's got to work hard on the other folks. He's got to work hard on the other folks. He's got to work hard on the other folks. But just when you feel like you do that last breath, and your muscles and your shoulders, I can't really go for breath. You stand out here. You've got to be right now. You're quick. You're not doing fine. You're not giving up. You're not giving up. You're not giving up. So number one, you got to hear me. You want to succeed as bad as you're going to breathe. It's an important thing. You've got to feed it. You've got to drink it. You've got to sleep it. Like it has to control it. And if you're going to be the best, the cream in the car, if you're going to be the apex. I didn't want to take this for you. You've got to be it. You've got to be it. It has to take over you. You'll get those out of the seat. You are the best of the best. I don't know what you're doing without your sales. One word. It on a lumen age from you. Number one, you got to hear me. You said the weight, the weight, the only weight you want to surrender in here, you work harder because you work harder than you are. You've got to personally spend it. You've got to know how hard you're going to work. You've got to be prepared to work, and you've got to be prepared to work just as hard as that person's work.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - BUSINESS 'BE A WOLF' [mAB3Pg_J1ME].txt ===

The only thing that stops you from getting what you want life is the bullshit story and tell yourself why you can't have it. All people care about is how much art you have. People will respect you, who don't out there and try your hardest. It's not how you act with a form that earns the respect of your peers. Is the fact that you went out naturally different? That's the difference, not being scared to fail. You're not having to fail yet. And not having fear of looking stupid. We have this boldly fear of student being, you don't want to look like who is. Sometimes you've got to look stupid in the name of progress. By drilling it into your head again and again and again and again and again. Until your brain just clicks and all of a sudden using the unconscious part of your mind, which is infinitely more powerful than your conscious mind. There's no embarrassment in struggle. It's just not the embarrassment that's including the embarrassment that's not trying your hardest. You gotta get out. Don't blame the boss. Don't blame the leaves. Don't blame your job. Don't win the industry. Just three things that you know where you are. Where you want to go and how you're going to get there. Those are the three things you must have to make adventure any opportunity. If you can't influence your campus life, good luck trying to get your business off the ground. When you're an entrepreneur and you trust a lot of business and you're recruiting people, like you're selling people on your vision for the future your vision for this company. If you can't do that, good luck trying to get great people to our field. Caught of being a great entrepreneur is having that vision deal to create the vision and then sell that vision to other people to get into one of these spires and buy into it. To put it in their time, they'll all work their elbow grease to help you achieve your vision. But you've got to be smart above your goals and that's your vision and that's inspiring. To you and you, when you truly have a vision for your future that inspired you, you're going to jump up out of bed in the morning and feel great about going at life.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - BUSINESS MOTIVATION FOR ENTREPRENEURS [GkIMtlP7MKw].txt ===

While things are going really well these days, I think it's always important to remember that when you're creating a company, there are very dark times and it's about getting through those dark times that best difference between success and failure. We're really focused on making a product that your customer's love and it's so rare that you can buy a product and you love the product when you bring your board it. This is very few things that fit into that category. If you can come with something like that, your business will be successful for sure. The thing about being an entrepreneur is it's just all to you. A lot of people like to make excuses, I don't have connections, I don't have money, I don't have this, but if you find something that you like to do or love to do, be great at it and see if you can turn it into a business and in worst case you're going to have fun doing what it is you love to do and best case you can turn it into a business. I'm just not thinking of excuses. I just think if you really, everybody has that opportunity to go for it, they just have to do it. Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the Jack Welch, Larry Page, Mark Sagabert, I know all of that. I would have liked to share with you that those people, the difference between those people and other people, they are always optimistic for the future. They're never complained. They're always tried to solve the problems of the others. Where is the opportunity? The opportunity lies always lies in the place where people complain. Some people sit there complaining, you think, if I can solve that complaint, that's the opportunity. He sat me down and said, look, I've got this idea where I think we can listen to Indiana basketball, sporting events, anywhere in the world, by using the Internet. Starting a business without any financial backing, it's easy to slip the wrong side. In fact, most wrong people don't do slip the wrong side and the important thing is then just to pick yourself up and start again. If it doesn't work at that time, keep going until you do succeed and not to get up. There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure when you start a business from scratch. If you don't have enough money to pay the bills, you go the wrong side of that dividing line and if you can somehow get enough money to pay the bills, you stay the right side of that dividing line. You get the phenomenal opportunity and everything in one of you can have a life, and a great life, and a money and how privileged future. The only person stopping you is you. You make your own walk and life every time and every entrepreneur makes a role in love. And I don't know anyone who started out as a business man and not had a good walk and a better life. If you're going to start a company, it takes so much energy that you get better over the company or your family and a risk. If you do the work, if you do the preparation, you'll know when it's time. It doesn't mean that it won't be a little bit scary, but you know, it's you'll know.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - BUSINESS [Warren Buffett] [oLWScthpAgY].txt ===

I don't regard what I do is the most important thing in the world at all, but it's right for me. I mean, I happen to be wired in a certain way that what I do works. Well, I can certainly define happiness because that's what I am. I get to do what I like to do every single day of the year. I get to do it with people I like. Other than I tap dance to work, it doesn't diminish. It's tremendous fun, so success is getting what you want and having as it is wanting what you get. Well, I don't know which one applies in this case, but I wouldn't be doing anything else. I do advise you, you know, when you go out to work, go to work for an organization that you admire. People get admire because it'll get a little turn-out. To make money they didn't have and didn't need, they risked what they did have and did need. And that's foolish, that it's just going foolish. If you risk something that is important to you, for something that is unimportant to you, it just does not make any sense. I don't care whether the odds are 100 to 100 that you succeed or 1000 to 100 that you succeed. Defining your circle of competence is the most important aspect of investing. It's not how important, how large your circle is. You don't have to be an expert on everything. But knowing where the parameter of that circle, what you know and what you don't know is, and staying inside of it is all important. It really gets into behaving in a rational manner. It's not getting in your own way. As I say, everybody here has the ability, absolutely to do anything I do and much beyond. And some of you will and some of you will. But the ones that won't, if you because you get your own way, because the world doesn't allow you to, because you don't allow yourself to. It's not necessary to have a huge amount of money in order to enjoy yourself. I enjoyed myself when I was at my $10,000. I live in the same house that I lived and when I was making, when I had about that, I bought a 41 years ago. I liked the house then, I liked the house now.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - CHANGE [PART 3] [G5uEh_79EDw].txt ===

As someone who's done what you're about to go and do, I can tell you from experience the effect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is. How will you serve the world? What do they need that your talent can provide? That's all you have to figure out. Don't let anything stand in the way of the light that shines through this form. This is being seen in all of your glory. Because ultimately we're not the avatars we create. We're not the pictures on the filmstock. We are the light that shines through. All else is just smoke and mirrors distracting but not truly compelling. Find your passion and follow it and if there is anything I have learned in my life, you will not find that passion and things. And you will not find that passion in money. Because the more things that the more money you have, the more you will just look around and use that as the metric and there will always be someone with more. And if nothing else I hope that all of you can find that passion and that kind of love in your life. I've often said that I wish people could realize all their dreams and wealth and fame. So that they could see that it's not where you're going to find your sense of completion. So I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out okay. It was pretty scary at the time but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made. You will start that process of change. Do something different the next 90 days than you did the last 90 days. What you have at the moment you've attracted by the person you've become. As far as I can tell it's just about letting the universe know what you want and working toward it while letting go of how it comes to pass. Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college but it was very, very clear that in backwards for two years later. It's not what happens. The determines the major part of your future. It's not what happens what happens happens to us all. Said the key is what you do about it. The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the required classes that didn't interest me and begin dropping in on the ones that looked far more interesting. To find real peace you have to let the armor go. Once that button is functioning in your life there's no story that the mind could create that will be as compelling. My soul is not contained within the limits of my body. My body is contained within the limitlessness of my soul. Like many of you I was concerned about going out into the world and doing something bigger than myself. And one day I'm going to have my own business. There will always be someone who's doing better than you. No matter what you gain you go will not let you rest. It will tell you that you cannot stop until you've left an indelible mark on the earth until you've achieved immortality. But I'll tell you once you throw the towel in you're done. You've got to learn what you can do and what you can't do. You've got to take some things in one year and out the other year. And when you do that you'll be a lot better off. But all of a sudden when something does go wrong or unexpectedly, the tragedy or whatever that apply that in a way that could take you and bring you to a higher level in your life. If you will change, everything will change for you.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - EXCUSES [PART 4] [Mdi6fc7zCTk].txt ===

You don't have to change what's outside. You've got to change what's inside. It wasn't all romantic. I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends rooms. I returned coat bottles for the five-cent deposits to buy food with. And I would walk the seven miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hari Krishli Temple. And much of what I stumbled into, by following my curiosity and intuition, it's about to be priceless later on. No excuses. No victim mentality. The world owes you nothing. And if you start from the feeling that you need the world to participate in order for you to be successful at taking on this new thing that you're considering doing, you're right to be scared. But if you start from the perspective that the world owes you nothing, which it doesn't. You have nothing to lose. Because really isn't that for every one of the people you brought on to team. Isn't that how you want them to feel when they report to you? You don't want excuses. That doesn't mean that you can't fail or that they can't ever fail. But right when you're starting, you have nothing to lose. So you can't lose. So you can't lose. But 99% of your time imagining what would happen if things went well and planning for that. Because there's no downside. It's like a free option on an adventure. This is hard. Every day is hard. And if you don't have the stomach to weather this storm, you will not be successful. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life. And the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. Don't allow butt to keep you in the corner. A key fuel up in the bleachers looking at life being a spectator, not being a participant making a difference in life. You come in every day fired up. I mean, if you thought about some things that you know that you deserve or you want out of life or you would like to enjoy experience. And you found yourself blocking your separation that never happened to you before. Why aren't you doing what you really want to do? Or I can do it, butt. But just kept on coming up. We block ourselves and we use these words almost like we are in a trance, like we're sleepwalking through life. That we find ways to cancel out our dreams. And I think that butt is a dream killer. Then a lot of things that we want to do. A lot of places we would like to go. A lot of things we would like to experience. And we just stop at butt. But is an argument for our limitations. And when we argue for our limitations, we get to keep them. See, butt will cause you to procrastinate. But will cause you to hide out behind fear. But will cause you to come up with all types of excuses that you can validate your in action and not acting on your dream. And right now more than ever, people need to look for ways to live their dream. People need to look for ways to make it on their own. To build a case on why you can't move on, why you can't grow to the next level, why you can't begin to manifest your greatness, why you can't begin to live life on your terms. Always something there to block you to keep you where you are and keep you from beginning to develop your true greatness. Always some fear. How do we handle it? And I'm saying that if you've been hiding out behind butt, if you've been using the fact that you don't have enough money or you don't have the education, take it head on, go get the education. Get your ass kicked, get back up, and you put the gloves back on and you swing away. I'm here, I'm here, I'm the greatest, I'm the greatest, I'm the most amazing, I don't have a mark on the face, yeah I'm a sense I'm in this country, I just want to do years old, I must be the greatest. Inspire people don't instruct people, concentrate on how you can inspire people, not instruct people, you want to change the world? You don't change them through instruction, you change them through inspiration. They don't write about lives that instruct other people they'd like, write about the great lives that inspire other people. Your life, your choice, directly to said, every hundred soldiers in war. He said, 10 of them don't even fucking belong there. 80 of them are just targets. 9 of them, do most of the fighting. The one, the one, he is a warrior. Be a warrior and you're like, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million. You've got to be willing to go against a tide, you've got to be willing to harness your will. And say, in spite of this, I'm in control here, I'm not going to let this get me down, I'm not going to let this destroy me. When you want to change, it's not easy if it weren't, in fact, easy everybody to do it. But if you're serious, you'll go all out. Yes, I'm going to turn this situation around, I'm not going to sit back and mone and cry over what happened and what went wrong and who did what? I'm going to do something about this situation. Never say never. Because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion. Be a warrior in your life, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million. You're like, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - Enjoy the process [HucIg0s8bHQ].txt ===

Many people have this idea, I want to achieve something great or be somebody great and they neglect the step that leads to greatness, they don't honour this step at this moment because they have this idea of some future moment where they are going to be great. Put your head down and work with pride on whatever is in front of you, you never know where you might end up. Just be aware the next worthy pursuit will probably appear in your periphery. Your life is a journey, you know you want to go from here to there, whether you're going to get there, we don't know maybe on the way you branch out to somewhere else but at least you have a certain direction, it's good to have some direction in your life. But while you are traveling, if the destination takes up most of your attention and you're continuously focusing on your your misalternation, you really can't enjoy the journey anymore. This way your life is the journey, the arriving is relatively rare. The rest is the journey and if you can't enjoy the journey which means this tap you're taking at this moment is really the most important thing. Because that's ultimately your whole life consists of the tap you're taking at this moment that is never anything else. Our eyes are not viewers, they're also projectors that are running a second story over the picture that we see in front of us all the time. Fear is writing that script. With alignment, with where you are right now to be totally where you are and whatever you are doing now to be totally enjoying it. No matter what it is, to be true to life by being true to this moment. So confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life that you've imagined.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - Idris Elba ＂Work hard sleep less＂ [00rPgc0tISM].txt ===

I'm not afraid to fail. I'm not afraid to fall over, make a mistake. That oftentimes cripples people on the onset of getting into anything. The first time I ever picked up a DJ, Dex was horrible. Horrible now, but I'm not afraid of that. I'm not afraid of that feeling. It actually propels me and works quite the opposite. I can do 18-22 hours a day easily. I'm a veteran at being able to look at an opportunity and go, is that going to take me further or not? Some people don't have that. You won't, it's something you develop. That's why most times out of 10 and you head of a company has been doing it for a long time, because they inherently can make a decision and the blink of an eye. You have to learn that. My breakthrough was actually deciding I wanted to be an actor. The other thing that's important I think is to keep your head down. Keep your head down. When I swim 25 laps, I can guarantee if I look up and start counting those laps. I'm peated out by 15. If I put me head down and keep working away and work at technique, work at internal rhythm, work at, hmm, I hit that length. I don't even know what length for one. Garing to your eye, I look up and I'll be 20 and two more free more to go. I think people find themselves incrementally checking how far they've gone. Now, when you compare to anybody else or whatever, it's just a recipe for disaster. Just keep banging on them. That's the most important. Mountain climbers are probably totally within no point in looking at the difference between climbing 100 feet and climbing 500 feet. It's a point you don't know you're at the top and you get their bell. That's what you need to remember. Just don't look down. The change in my life, it turned my dreams into a reality, it gave me an actual tangible target to go, oh actually I could do this. That was my biggest breakthrough. Of course, I've been numerous breakthroughs over my career in my life, which I'm all proud of, but none so much as that realisation that I want to be an actor. Know what your target is, don't guess it. Be as cool that was the next man because that's that's your petrol, that's your your fuel to get you moving. If you don't know where you're going, what your targets are, you're never going to get that. Peabed. Work hard. Sleep less.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - MAKE IT HAPPEN [n_8ZIYxtPvc].txt ===

When you know you're going and you know what you want, the universe has a way of stepping aside for you. Let me do it differently than the animals I've ever seen it done before in a past. Should I come up with a plan B? Should I work in Boston for a few years and make enough money to have a cozy transition to New York? That having a plan B can muddy up your plan A. I didn't take the job. I moved to the city. I busped tables. I lived in the basement apartment. Next to a garbage shoot that was filled with cockroaches. And I could not have made a better decision. Creating the job was supposed to wait for it to be offered to me. It was the way to go. Don't wait for your break. Make your break. I don't make it happen for yourself. If I was going to rub the risk of failure, I wanted it to be in the place where I would be proud to fail. It failed. Over and over again. Too short for this. For too weird for that. But I was in the fight. I was taking my punches, but I was in the fight. I bet on myself. This was the risk hero but I could not have made a better decision. You cannot let a fear failure or a fear of comparison or a fear of judgment stop you from doing what's going to make you great. You cannot succeed without this risk of failure. You cannot have a voice without the risk of criticism. And you cannot love without the risk of loss. You must go out and you must take these risks. Everything I'm truly proud of in this life has been a terrifying prospect of me. This is the way to be a tough person. Not if it comes easy. People will tell you to do what makes you happy. But a lot of this has been hard work. And I'm not always happy. And I don't think you should do this, what makes you happy. I think you should do what makes you great. Do it some comfortable and scary and hard but pays off in the long run. Be willing to fail. Let yourself fail. Fail in the way in the place where you would want to fail. Fail? Pick yourself up and fail again. Because without this struggle, what is your success anyway? Look, it's best we know that we have one life. In it, you have to trust your own voice, your own ideas, your honesty, your vulnerability, and through this, you will find your way. You do not have to be fearless. Just don't let fear stop. Live like this as best we can and I guarantee you will look back at a life world. This is really big. Where you are? Where you want to go? And how you're going to get there? Those are the three things you must have to take advantage of any opportunity. If you're going to become a master of influence, and you can influence yourself. If you can understand what's really driving other people, if you can get inside your heads, if you can understand their blueprint of life, and find a way to meet their needs, you can not just meet your own needs, you can taste the world. Moments away from beginning your journey through life. Moments away from starting to change the world for the better. It will not be easy. For each day with a task completed, find someone to help you through life, respect everyone. Know that life is not fair and that you will fail often. But if you take some risks, step up when the time's you're the toughest. Face down the bullies, lift up the downtrodden, and never ever give up. If you do these things, will indeed have changed the world for the better. One of the biggest fears is of the unknown and uncertainty in the future. But everything's uncertain. We're trying to create certain being a uncertain world and stopping afraid of uncertainty and certainty with the exciting. That invention is really what life's about, so we need to be excited. Here is created by imagining bad things that haven't happened yet. Stay hungry. Stay young at heart. Take those risks. You are going to change the world around you in big ways and in small. And I greatly look forward to being a part of the future that you will shape. The secret code for everybody is keep your dream alive because it might have true someday. If you realize that you're creating your own fear by imagining a bad thing. Oh, there's a recession on the other side. If you realize that you're creating your own fear by imagining a bad thing. Oh, there's a recession on the other side. Why not go through the recession? I'm going to make more money because there's going to be opportunities and we're going to be able to pay our house out faster. Worrying is negative goal setting. And all you have to do is use that same power to think and visualize to create a positive outcome instead of a negative and then appear to disappear. You are capable of greatness in your profession and more importantly in your quality of self. Don't wait for your break. Make your break. Don't make it happen for yourself. Don't make it happen for yourself.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - Matt Damon (MIT Commencement speech) [XXew7rhnvdM].txt ===

Turn toward the problems you see. You have to engage and turn towards the problems that you see. That is what I want to urge you to do today to turn towards the problems that you see and engage with them. Walk right up to them, look them in the eye and then look yourself in the eye and decide what you're going to do about them. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. Judge me by how good my good ideas are, not how bad my bad ideas are. You've got to suit up in your armor, you've got to get ready to sound like a total fool. Not having an answer isn't embarrassing, it's an opportunity. Don't be afraid to ask questions. What are you going to be a part of? What is the problem that you will try to solve? Whatever your answer it is not going to be easy. Sometimes your work will hit a dead end. Sometimes your work will be measured in half steps. How lucky are you? I mean, what are the odds that you are the ones who are here today? In the earth's 4.5 billion year run with a hundred billion people who have lived and died, and the seven billion of us here now, here you are. Yes, here you are. A live at a time of potential extinction level events, a time when fewer and fewer people can cause more and more damage. A time when science and technology may not hold all the answers, but are indispensable to any solution. What are the odds that you get to be you? There are potentially trillions of human beings who will someday exist or not who's fate in large part depends on the choices you make. On your ideas, on your grit and persistence and willingness to engage. Because this is a fact, this is not fiction. This improbable thing is actually happening. There's more at stake today than in any story ever told. I hope you'll turn toward the problem of your choosing. I hope you'll drop everything, and I hope you'll solve it. This is your life. This is your moment, and it is all down to you. Ready player one, your game begins. Now.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - Mike Tyson [GDldWTFnpyA].txt ===

Mike Tyson is only 16 years old. I feel I was born the fight because I have no other interest in anything else. Anybody the fighter and their own right, your fighter, I'm a fighter. But everybody don't get up every morning and run. Everybody don't go to the gym every morning. Nobody don't have enough discipline to wait in the locker room for two hours or three hours. Then go in the ring and do what they've been taught all year than the gym. That's what separates the champion on the media or the fighter. I don't believe in town. Well some people have town that's good, it helps me have town. As long as you have a lot of determination and willpower, that's all you need. And you really have to have the will to win. Everyone says that we shall win, we shall win, we shall win, we shall win. The people, the hundreds of people that wish they were my shoes, don't know the tent of it. It's the one on the sacrifice. That's the plan. We want them to hate to do it like you've made. And they're always testing this. For us and yourself, so about them. We're going to be the best of the best. So, success is the general goal of both sacrifice. Every man must believe in himself. You must have the confidence and you must go mad at what the situation is. You must face the problems.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - Morgan Freeman [zfrVau8cYD0].txt ===

People die every day, Frankie. My pen floor was washing dishes. You know what the last thought is? I never got my shot. You're she dies today. You know what the last thought will be? I think I did alright. I don't need to cover this black as the picture-poded bulb. I think whatever the odd there may be from my uncomfortable soul. And the fellow collective circumstance, I have not cried aloud. I've never been to the place where I was born. I've never been to the place where I was born. I've never been to the place where I was born. I've never been to the place where I was born. I've not cried aloud. And that the blood of the things of fate, My head is bloody, but unbouled. Beyond this place of wrath and tears, The wounds but the shadow of the shade. Yet the minutes of the years find as it shelf I need, Unfraid. Someone asked me once and you were about to do it. What would you do if you weren't an actor? If you didn't make it as an actor. I have no idea. I would act somewhere. Maybe I'd be driving the can. Maybe I'm working somebody's yard. Whatever I'm doing, I will act. Because I'll die if I don't. You do it because you have to do it. If you spend 20 years waiting tables at night if you were right, you're righting. And it's the same thing with any discipline. Payles, pay. I don't care what else they have to do to put food on their table or pay the man. They're paying. And I think that's the same way all around. Right as right, paying as paying. Act as act. Matters not how straight the gate and how punishments charge the scroll. I am the master of my beat. I am the captain of my soul.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - POTENTIAL [PART 5] [TJVOFUgXVUo].txt ===

What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone and it was devastating. Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. Not religion, faith, not hope, but faith. I don't believe in hope. Hope is a beggar. Hope walks through the fire and faith leaps over it. But something slowly began to dawn on me. I still loved what I did. I've been rejected but I was still in love. And so I decided to start over. I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again. I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if I hadn't been fired from Apple. It was awful tasting medicine but I guess the patient needed it. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love and that is as true for work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. I've never really viewed myself as particularly talented where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic. You know, while the other guy sleeping, I'm working, while the other guy's eaten, I'm working. Dedication, all work, dedication, all work, all on the arm, all on the arm, all the work will get me, I'm still coming on time. I listen to my gut instincts, your genius, your gut instincts, they're the purest form of truth that there is. I want you to live the life that you came to live, to be you, not be anybody else. When every answer that you need is already in me. I've never seen any even being. I've traveled all over the world many times. I've never seen one human being who did not the potential in them to live a great and trust. Incredible life! There's no easy way around it. No matter how talented you are, your talent is going to fail you if you're not still. You don't need to ask others for fucking answers. They're very in you if you will ask yourself. But I've met many who refused to change the decision. The captain said to the guy, listen, he said, tomorrow morning at 6 o'clock you can face the firing squad or you can go out this door over here. And the guy said, what's out the door? He said, no one knows all we can tell you just unknown horrors. He thought, and the next morning he selected the firing squad. A lot of people never do the things they want to do. A lot of people stay on jobs where they're miserable. After the shot's ring out, the captain's secretary said, what's beyond that door? And he said, freedom. Many of us choose an active living death. Many of us are walking dead. The walking dead. Then we're not doing what we want to do. Many of us stay in relationships where we're dying together, rather than growing and expanding and living together. After the shot's ring out, the captain's secretary said, what's beyond that door? And he said, freedom. But very few people would select to do it because it's unknown. The captain's secretary said, what's out the door?

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - THE START [PART 1] [cAWMy50kyX4].txt ===

Sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down. Sometimes things go real well, and sometimes they don't. Sometimes you're happy, and sometimes you're sad. Now that's that thing called life. You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something. You're gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever, because believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart, even when it leads you off the well-worn path, and that will make all the difference. Pretending that we're satisfied where we are, pretending that everything is okay, pretending that we don't have any special goals or ambitions or desires when really deep down inside we do really want more. Find out what it is you want and go after it as if your life depends on it. Why? Because it does. It's time for you to look within yourself and decide that I'm in charge of my destiny. I'm in charge here. Then sanity is doing the same thing in the same way expecting a different outcome. I remember that a period of my life I was going to work and I was working on a job that I hated. And at the same time I was praying that I wouldn't get fired. I was praying that I wasn't laid off. I was miserable. Nobody was holding a gun to my head, but I showed up every day. And I used a flimsy excuse well. I got to pay the bills. I've got a car payment. I have to pay. I have a family, I have children. I have a car note and I have a mortgage note I have to pay. I've got a survive. I was showing up for a paycheck. Ladies and gentlemen, that's not living. And a friend of mine said you know when people change and I said no, he said when they get to the point when they say I've had it. I've had it. What is brought you to this point? What did you learn from it? Are you learning anything? Are you doing it over and over and over again? I remember a story about a lady who went to the doctor and she was diagnosed with terminal cancer. And she came home and she was sitting at the table and she was drinking some coffee and all of a sudden she just looked up and she said I refused to die an unlive life. I refused to die an unlive life. And she decided that she was going to live. The real challenge of growth mentally and spiritually comes when you get knocked down. But during those down moments, that's where the growth takes place. That's where the work is. Anybody can feel good when they have their health, their bills, the pay, they have happy relationships, the children are acting normal. Anybody can be positive then. Anybody can have a larger vision then. Anybody can have faith on those kinds of circumstances. Am I correct? Sometimes we have to ask ourselves what's using my life. How you handle it? That's where the growth takes place. The insanity is doing the same thing in the same way expecting a different outcome. Sometimes you're up. Sometimes you're down. Sometimes things go real well. And sometimes they don't. Sometimes you're happy. And sometimes you're sad. Now that's that thing called life.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - WRITE DOWN YOUR DREAMS [a5Ffan0_Ibw].txt ===

I kind of set it out there and say, now how we're going to get there, I'm not sure, but it's there. Uh, goals and dreams that I've had. Um, 19 out of 20 that I wrote down in 1988. I completely forgot about it. Myself a check for $10 million for acting services rendered and I gave myself five years. And I dated at Thanksgiving 1995. All of us have things that we're believing for, something that we want to accomplish. Deep down, we know it's a part of our destiny. We can feel it so strongly. But then we hit some setbacks. We didn't get the promotion. The medical report wasn't good. All of the relationship didn't work out. Life has a way of pushing our dreams down. They can become buried under discouragement. Buried under past mistakes. There are dreams buried under divorce. Buried under low self esteem. It's easy to settle for mediocrity. Even though we have all this potential, buried on the inside. Your dream may be very, the good news is it's still alive. It's not too late to see it come to past. We've all been through disappointments and setbacks. Life happens. But instead of remembering the heart, the pain, what didn't work out, the key to reaching your destiny is you have to remember your dream. Dreams that you given up on. You tried it didn't work out. It's been so long. They're going to suddenly come back to life. Problems that looked permanent on the suddenly tunnel rail. Put it in my time. I got to do that. That had been paid and paid again and paid one more time after that. I stayed through my dreams and by doing it, eventually they came true. Dreams without goals. Remain dreams. Just dreams. And ultimately, few disappointments. And I put it in my wallet and I kept it there and it deteriorated and deteriorated. I've completely forgotten about it. I'm pulled out last year in 19 out of 20 I've done. I've had nothing at that time. But it just made me feel better. It made me at that time all it really was for me was kind of making me feel better. I would drive home and think, well, I do have these things. They're out there. I just don't have a hold of them. They have to be out there. Dreams without goals. Really goals like goals. They're really goals. Monthly goals. Really by minute goals. Dreams without goals are just dreams. Just before, thanks given 1995, I'm not that I was going to make $10 million on. I think it would be a moment of them. People don't stand up and protect their dreams. People don't just scare the getting, you know, spoofed in a way. donors. Keep your dream alive because it might come from someday.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION - ＂PLAN B SUCKS＂ [uPGNrGfjOIE].txt ===

So, right down everything you want and be a specific as you can, right? I want you to read it every morning before you do anything and read it every night before you go to bed. I don't care how long it takes. If you do this, you are obeying a prince and that's how you get what you want. When you see transition, it really starts to happen when you really want to transition and something to master. There's no limits. Don't let the world able put the limits on you. You can do anything you want to do. But make sure if you have a vision, make sure the vision is written. Make sure you have something to actually chase and not just hope and wish them. Put your plans together and be worked to plan. Don't work somebody else's plan. You have to create your own brand yourself and your brand is whatever you feel like doing whatever you are, his passion about chasing. Right now you're getting it, right? You know, let your subconscious mind be the leader of your new arms and trust it because what you think is your subconscious mind also what you're going to live. Right? Make it plan so you can see it so you can vision and see where you want to go and your next step. You got to have a plan. Everybody's got a dream, everybody's got a goal, what's the plan? Your plans got to be clear, concise, compelling, consistent and committed. You've got to have a plan. And when you're trying to do something that you're truly passionate about, there is no plan to be. You've got to have a plan. I mean, Michael Jordan was six NBA championships with the Chicago Bulls because he was committed to plan A, not plan B. Oprah went for it. He came to Queen of all media because she was committed to plan A, not plan B. Barack Obama is sitting in the White House because he was committed to plan A, not plan B, plan B, plan B sucks.

=== FILE: MOTIVATION FOR WOMEN ＂DESTINY＂ Oprah Winfrey's - Motivational Speech [0jaMXGnDnJQ].txt ===

There are no mistakes. They're really aren't. Because you have a supreme destiny. When you're in your little mind, in your little personality mind, where you're not centered, you really don't know who you are that you come from something greater and bigger than really all are the same. When you don't know that, you get all flustered. You get stressed all the time, wanting something to be what it is. There is a supreme moment of destiny calling on your life. Your job is to feel that, to hear that, to know that. And sometimes when you're not listening, you get taken off track. You get in the wrong marriage, the wrong relationship, you take the wrong job. But it's all leading to the same path. There are no wrong paths. There are none. There's no such thing as failure, really. Because failure is just that thing. Trying to move you in another direction. So you get as much from your losses as you do from your victories. Because the losses are there to wake you up. When you understand that, you don't allow yourself to be completely thrown by a grade or by a circumstance. Because your life is bigger than anyone experience. What would you say to your younger self? Every person says in one form and I'm not what I would say. Relax. Relax. It's going to be okay. It really is going to be okay. Because even if you're on a due due to a right now and that's how you know when you're not at ease with yourself. That is the cue that you need to be moving in another direction. Don't let yourself get all thrown off, continue to be thrown off course. When you're feeling off course, that's the key. How do I turn around? So when everybody was talking about when I started this network, if I had only known, good Lord, how difficult it would be. The way through the challenge is to get still and ask yourself what is the next right move. Not think about, oh, I had all of this to be. What is the next right move? And then from that space, make the next right move and the next right move. And not to be overwhelmed by it because you know your life is bigger than that one move. You know you're not defined by what somebody says is a failure for you because failure is just there to point you in a different direction.

=== FILE: MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO - Circumstances [vLPQCN5-kk4].txt ===

How about you everybody in here? Has story? Something that you did not pick. Now this is going to be a little difficult, so stay with me. You are born into a fight! That you didn't even get to choose! You're calling must eclipse your circumstance. Or you will go back to being who you were. Whenever what is in front of you becomes more important than what was behind you, you will always get away. The struggle of it your mind! What would you spend today? Stay here about. Leave your legacy! You will be the one to be the one to be the one to be the one to be the one to be the one to be the one to be the one. It is not about how well you fight! It is about what you are fighting for!

=== FILE: MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO - IT'S YOU [j1guR3wkEgA].txt ===

I came out the room as I am with the lightest. You don't play ball because you got to. I don't have to go in the gym and put up extra shot because I got to. You don't learn to play as you got to. Right that man, something built is to sleep. Some built and built like this. It's all like the looms man. The looms in the hip-layer down below. Playing cars. Running back and forth. And you can't be. Wherever we are, I hate the looms. I hate the looms. I don't tell what it is. That's my biggest problem instead. I can't set looms in. And I want to set looms in. Many kids and many grown-ups do figure out over time what their passions are. We let our intellectual selves overrule those passions. And so that's what needs to be guarded against. I won't ever assemble them. Ever. No one will be able to calm me on those in my face. Most people don't have a compelling vision of their own future. All right, do something. Do it in a much different way you've ever seen before. When you first start doing something, you know, so little about it. You're basically nothing. You're living on purpose. Are you living your dream? Are you acting on your ideas? Are you doing all you can do? Have you gotten comfortable? Are you procrastinating? Are you invading your own greatness? Are you surrounding yourself with people that can embarrass you? Are you challenging yourself? Are you experimenting? Are you learning something different? No, no. But you don't know. This is a very scary spot to be in. Your life and adventure is boring. What brought you here? And so I've got to do this. This is my stuff. This is what I'm supposed to do. This is why I showed up. Where are you going with your life? What decisions are you making right now? As you look into the future? And I'm suggesting that it's necessary that you get outside of your comfort zone. It's necessary for you to constantly look at ways of getting better. It's possible you've got some talents, some ideas in you. You're a filmantie to do some stuff that you haven't even discovered yet. It's not over. Tell I where. It's not over. Tell I where. But the major key to your making things happen in your life is you. Not only is it possible for you to have your dream, and it's necessary for you to challenge yourself to go after and get better and leverage relationships that could help you get to where you want to go. But it's you.

=== FILE: MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO - THE CLOCK RUNS TO FAST [wUu5fmeP86k].txt ===

Last August I was told that it all likely I had three to six months left to live. No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. We don't get this again. We are going to die and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they're never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place, but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Sahara. Somebody said to me in light of those numbers, wow so you're really beating the grim reaper. We don't beat the reaper by living longer. We beat the reaper by living well and living fully. For the reaper will come for all of us. The question is what do we do between the time we're born and the time he shows up? It's too late to do all the things that you're always going to get around to. And you will need to find your passion. Many of you have already done it. Many of you will later. Many of you may take till your 30s or 40s, but don't give up on finding it. So your passion must come from the things that fuel you from the inside. Find your passion and follow it. If there is anything I have learned in my life, you will not find that passion and things. And you will not find that passion in money. I don't take some money. What goes on can burn. It is not the things we do in life that we regret on our deathbed. It is the things we do not. Because I assure you I've done a lot of really stupid things. None of them bother me. All the mistakes and all the dopey things. And all the time I was embarrassed, they don't matter. Anything to mimic? I don't put too much into it. Because I can take you with. Find your passion and in my experience. No matter what you do at work, what you do in official settings, that passion will be grounded in people. And it will be pound-rounded in the relationships you have with people. And what they think of you when you are time comes. In the teeth of these stupid fine-offs, it is you and I in our ordinaryness that are here. I want things I can tell you. I've been every single day of my life. Is I trying to find somebody else to change their life? We did 39 to get married because I had to wait that long to find someone who is more important than I. And if nothing else, I hope that all of you can find that passion and that kind of love in your life. Thank you. We are granted the opportunity to understand why our eyes are open and why they see what they do in the short time before they close forever.

=== FILE: Make a Decision ｜ 2014 Motivation ｜ [vjAOWvplaUo].txt ===

You are running out of time. The clock is ticking. The lens of people just sitting out of their body. Your life is miserable right now. You are unhappy right now. You wish you could get a new life. You do whatever it took to get a new life. You don't tell your don't cause money because the kid didn't have money when I did it. You know what I did to get where I am right now. I made a decision. You want some different listen to me all you got to do is make a decision. I said, you don't know I was telling you how. You keep telling yourself you got time and watch what happened now. You got to get what I'm telling you. Being average is dangerous. I mean this fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. Your playing small does not serve the world. There was nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. Don't be all you got to do is make a decision. That's it. I want to be the greatest of all time. That's my motivation. Fear is not real. You are running out of time. You are going to go through the battle and you are going to go through the war. You want to get the right to stop you. If you are right to listen to your gun, you don't know what is right to say now. If you are going to be the only way you want to be a doge, you want to do. You want to run into your own time. When you like that lion, if I want to ride, you don't ride, if I want to ride, they don't eat. Sponsored, never retreat. Sponsored never surrender. Break this of the army. I'm not new in forations. I'm the guy you took care of. You are my father. I'm not going to come to your high school and tell you you can make it happen. Break this of the army. You better act like that. That lion gets up and cares the shape and everyone runs like a dream. Eat everything is bad. Does everyone's in the wild? Lion has to show the jackals. Yes. You got to find something with him and that's got to push you and that's got to elevate you. And that's got to drive you and that's got to move you and when you find out what you're right here and your why got to be pretty new. When you find your why, you don't hit you anymore. When you find your why, you find a way to make it happen. I want to be the greatest of all time. I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to do anything. So it's the call of action. Get off the phone, get off the video. Whatever you're doing, get off whatever you're doing. Whatever you're having watching is computer. Get off of it and do a good thing. Make a decision. I want you to make a couple of decisions for me. I want you to make a decision at a year from now. Besides, if you don't make the sake, write it down and see the papers. Speak it out. This is where I'm going to be a year from now. Make a decision. Still me all you gotta do is make a decision. That's it.

=== FILE: Most People Die Before Age 25 - Motivational video - ft Prince EA [jgEyJ3eVxz0].txt ===

The city average person dies at 25 when it's buried at 75. I don't care who you all will race with age with gender. I don't care about anything that's stuff. And that dream you have kept hidden from the world. You've made excuses for it. You've been letting it. You've listened to people telling you to be realistic. But deep down in your heart you know that you're not living to your potential. And life is now something you're just getting on with. I want to lay some reality on your real quick. Where is the wealthy is placed in the world? Do you know? It's not China, it's not Dubai. It's the graveyard. Because in the graveyard you will find inventions never invented. Business is never erected. Songs never sung, books never written. Ideas never nurture people never realized. Because they were scared to take a risk. It's scary like you. But you want to know something else? You're not in the graveyard yet. We get one life. And every passing moment we will never get back again. You will never start this video with the same perspective you had when you clicked play. You will never brush your teeth the same way twice in your life. They know where you are but in your life. I will never get that breath back ever again. See this present moment is so precious. We have to be here, we have to be in it and make the most of it. We have to live our dreams now because they are possible. 6,000 years ago. Man created the wheel only 6,000 years ago. First written language was created. Sixth that's it. And if I may remind you the airplane is only a little over 100 years old. There was no internet 50 years ago. No cell phone. So don't sit here and tell me that everything that can be done has been done. When we haven't been here for very long there are dreams there. There are ideas and accomplishments that are waiting to be discovered. That are waiting for you. Helen Keller wants to ask what on earth will be worse. The bomb line says it will be so much worse to be on with sight. But no vision. Why can't we have Q was for every disease known in the man. Why can't we have clean water and food education for every person on this planet? Why can't we have peace on this planet? Why don't we have to die to go to heaven? The earth is already in space. We can have heaven right here right now. Just the shift in this. Why not? Because somebody said it is impossible. You can't be done. Tell you this. There's never been a statue erected for a critic. Everybody tell you how to do it. They never did it. More than the story is. Do you be you? Be here now. Your dreams are passed out. We're obsessing over these celebrities. Kim Kardashian. Leave your life. Step in the young greatness. Say the average person. Guys at 25, but it's buried at 75. Know that means. Let's figure it out. Don't let this negative world get to you. Don't let it win. You're not going with the past by leave. But go with it is no past. And leave the trail. Don't let it win.

=== FILE: Motivation - Don't lose yourself [lx8SMLYSu6A].txt ===

There's no way to convince people of your greatness. You have to know on the inside. Someone asked me once what they, or many times, I think, what I thought it meant to be an artist. And I said, what I think an artist needs essentially more than discipline or even talent is a perspective. So if you are always changing what you do, based on what other people say, you completely lose yourself and you become just something that's constantly affected by what's around you as opposed to stable and your own and autonomous and your identity. I shut it all off and I do not intend to speak to anyone for a very long time. This is my moment for me to experience a rebirth with my own music. I have to shut it all out in no way. The noise, it's loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts and matter. This album is showing that to young girls and to end to boys that want to make music, that you don't have to get lucky on the internet. It's not a social media game. You don't have to find the hot producer and get the hot track to be a star. You can just learn how to play an instrument and sit in your room and practice and write songs and poetry and then you can go around the corner to the bar and meet other artists that do the same thing that you do and you can hang out and talk about music and write songs. And then you can play at the spot around the corner and gain one fan and then do it over and over and over again until you've discovered. To stand at the top of that staircase and seeing the star spangled banner every single day after school. I would play it over and over and I would stand up there and I would study. I left school and I got three different jobs and my dad paid my rent for three months and then when the three months was off, I had to pay. And it was great. It was wonderfully liberating. I stopped and I focused 150% of my energy on my opponents on what do you want to do? What is it that you really want? There's no way to convince people of your greatness. You have to know on the inside whether it's you want to do advertising, we want to be in finance, we want to be a waitress, so bar to know. Whatever decision you want to be, you have to know it inside and nice fight away to your dream. The noise. The noise it's loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts that matter.

=== FILE: Motivational Speech - Kevin hart ＂WHAT NOW＂ [cJy3nKwfDZ8].txt ===

Make a choice. Like you just decide what is going to be who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. What I am is a guy who's got 19 plus years of the word no. You know, people just see the last five years. Like I've got 19 years of no. Not good enough. You don't get the part. No. I represent hard work, determination, motivation. I think without without a doubt. If anything goes by watching me, it's simply an example of hard work pays off. That's it. What you put into your craft, you can get out to it if you put 110% into it. And I'm just an example of that. And today's time, it's literally just about you realizing your own potential and being creative within your own potential. Oh, this is what I can do. So I need to master this business as a comedian. What can I do to set the bar and another love. What can I do for our generation for people to go, oh my god. Holy shit. Thank you. Before I go, I'm a hand on a fucking note from the heart right now. And I'm a child not to be a bitch. They get emotional up here. Do I am now one of you to fucking perform as a stand up comedian. And Madison fucking square garden. Hey. Listen to me. Listen to me. You have no idea the fucking feelings that I have on to my body right now, man. This is so fucking dream come true. Hey. This is a fucking dream come true, man. Thank you for being loyal. Thank you for growing me. Thank you for fucking enjoying me. My name is Krabahar. I love you.

=== FILE: Motivational Video - LIMITS ft Lewis Hamilton [97uwIfbUg_U].txt ===

What's your need? You and your gotta go all the way to the end. Because you commit yourself to such a level where there is no compromise. You give everything you have, everything absolutely everything. And sometimes you find even more because it requires more if you want to be ahead if you want to win. I airtun sent it will always be fast. He will never be old. He will always be the champion of Brazil and of the world. The one thing I would say is to never give up. I think it's a ring. I think the one thing my dad always told me was to never give up. And there was so many experiences I had for my racing career where those moments that I didn't think that I would make it. But I would wake up the next day, I would try and keep myself back into it and I kept believing myself. I managed to get there. This is something to aspire to. And I hope that for the racing drivers out of here, I hope that what I have achieved shows that they can do it as well. I started carting when I was 8. It was just a hobby for me and my parents to do. My dad bought me a really old go-car. I think it had been owned by five different families. When I race I won my first six races. I had one for the first time. I won my first British championship in my second year. And then that's when I met Ron, Ron Dennis and told him that I wanted to be in the fourth World Champion one day. Next morning I get up a train because I feel like I can do it again. I feel like I can get there. And I didn't win the World Championship this year but I feel that if I just keep working at it, it will actually help get there. Because I wake up and I think about racing at all the time. And we're training all the time, we're traveling at the time, we're away from family and friends. But I think for me it's always wanted to be the best. I want to be the best at what I do. And even if I want to World Championship, I always want to, I can always do better. You have a limit. You have so much to see. Something happens when you're so many can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct and the experience as well. You can fly very high.

=== FILE: Motivational Video - Natalie Portman [bgjYcfe5TAo].txt ===

In a child's nature, we see many of our own innate tendencies. Prices serve as false idols everywhere. Prestige, wealth, fame, power. You will be exposed to many of these if not all. Of course, part of why I was invited to come speak today, beyond my being a proud alum, is that I've accrued some very coveted toys in my life, including a not so plastic, not so crappy one, an Oscar. So, we bump up against a common trope, I think, of the commencement address people who have achieved a lot, telling you that the fruits of achievement are not always to be trusted. But I think that contradiction can be reconciled and is in fact instructive. Achievement is wonderful when you know why you're doing it, and when you don't know, it can be a terrible trap. To be or not to be is not the question. The vital question is how to be and how not to be. Sometimes, your insecurities and your inexperience may lead you to to embrace other people's expectations, standards or values. But you can harness that inexperience to carve out your own path. One that is free of the burden of knowing how things are supposed to be, a path that is defined by its own particular set of reasons. You are here for reason. If I had known my own limitations, I never would have taken the risk. I had no idea how to declare my intentions. I couldn't even articulate them to myself. I had been acting since I was 11, but I thought acting was too frivolous and certainly not meaningful. At the age of 18, I had already been acting for seven years and assumed I'd find more serious and profound path to college. Overwhelmed with what I was supposed to pull off when I could barely get myself out of bed in the morning. It's not about quantity. It's about taking pleasure in the perception and beauty of the particular. I'm still learning now that it's about good and maybe never done. That the joy and work ethic and virtuosity we bring to the particular can impart a singular type of enjoyment to those we give to and of course ourselves. Someone will always have a higher jump or a more beautiful line. The only thing you can be the best at is developing your own self. I was able to own my meaning and not have it be determined by box office receipts for prestige. I was so oblivious to my own limits that I did things I was both fully unprepared to do. And so the very inexperienced that in college it made me feel insecure and made me want to play by others' rules. Now it's making me actually take risks. I didn't even realize we're a risk. Your inexperience can either lead you down a path where you will conform to someone else's values or you can forge your own path even if you don't realize that's what you're doing. Your inexperience is an asset and will allow you to think in original unconventional ways, accept your lack of knowledge and use it as your asset.

=== FILE: Motivational video - HOW Much Time Do you Have left [feat les brown] [NoYjNM9pRao].txt ===

When you step into your fears and continue to push yourself to go on, something happens for you. It will enable you to transcend yourself. If you don't develop the courage to do that which has been given you to do and you spend a lot of time going around trying to convince other people, trying to get their approval, what will happen is that you will lose your nerve. And other people will convince you that what you are doing doesn't have any value and you'll give up on your dreams. Do not go with a path may lead, but go where there's no path and leave a trail. Stop living your life like you have a thousand years to live. If you live you either hit a day and you're gone today. If there's something that you want to do and you can't do at all at one time, you do just a little bit of it. A friend of mine, Bobby Kerr, used to be a roommate. Bobby wanted to go into the area of public relations. He loved working with the public. Young lady, you are to marry named Clarisse. Bobby was a great procrastinator. Pretty soon the job where Bobby worked a transfer into another location. He went out to celebrate with the people on that new job site and Bobby suffered a massive heart attack and died. Bobby didn't drink and didn't smoke was on the 40 and he died. Ask your question, how much time do you have left? How much time do you have left? When you start thinking about that we don't know. We don't know Bobby took all the greatness and all of the talent and all of his abilities to his grave with him. Stop wasting valuable time knowing that if we begin to live our lives as if each day we're our last allies will take all. Take on a whole new meaning. Most of us don't use the stuff that we have brought into the universe.

=== FILE: Motivational video - URGENCY 2 [1pN3n5Ann7I].txt ===

I said, when would now be a good time for you to start? Everything I've done in my life has been based on modeling, but also there's something in me that most people don't realize has really made me successful. That's a sense of urgency. I do not settle. I do not wait. You wait in its over. But I said, my deepest genius is urgency. I am one hungry mothl. I will not let enough to be passed me by. I will not see something as possible. Go where all the water. I will not. I grab it right in by the hair. I crush it. I go out. It isn't just talent. How many talent do you know who have unbelievable talent, but they never lived their dream? How many people you know that are brilliant and are depressed? How many people do you know that have an opportunity to create an education but can't fight the way that I'm afraid to go. What happens with people is we tend to go out into the world and we look for those sort of excuses that why things aren't the way we want them. And when you do that, you lose all your power in life. You start focusing on the external on the excuses you lose your power. Here is the way people really think, I will tell you, I can go out on the stage and bomb. You go out there and you just bomb, right? And people who are speck you, who are going out there and trying your artist. It's not how you actually perform that urge the respect of your peers. It's the fact that you went out naturally, didn't it? That's the difference. And that's your grunt. That's the relationship I want you to ever have. That's up to you. But if I can help you from not having it, that's your opportunity right now. And if you don't take this shot now, you tell me what level of regret you might have made in life. If you allow something to distract you, at the moment you're about to get the most important information you need in your life, what if we comprises? If I'm a long caucus, what can you up every morning? We might find ourselves confused in 10 years. No matter what you've ever been through, you have to go through it to get right here. That's where we end. That's where we end. And this is our new day. Our new business stand up and take back and reclaim what we are. We were kings from day one, and we were dives, kingly queens. Change the comfort zone. Your art is telling the truth. In ways that you can't live. The new art didn't even do must be okay with your comfort zone being shut. And on the way to change, it's makes sure you're doing the same thing every day of your life. Nobody lasts longer. No real fun, no nothing to the castle, we come out the sky. We are the sky. But we look at the change we must change. Can we not be great? Isn't beyond our reach because if it is, then we are nothing but sheep. We heard it to the final slow-out. I will not go down that way. I choose to fight back. I choose to rise not for all. I choose to live not die. And I know that what's within me is also within you. Rise up with me. Rise up. This is our new day. It's time for the reclaimed who we are.

=== FILE: NEVER DOUBT YOURSELF - Motivational video [gvipGFcbBTQ].txt ===

I want to talk about Truman's for a second. In a mic case, literally in a dream. He will dream alive because it might have proved someday. What is your individual turn-go? Right now is at 16-year-old. What's your long turn-go? It gets in me, yeah. I want to be the best. Yeah. I read something you said you want to be the best defender, best shooter, best player. What do you have to do? James, we're shot at you. This is just crazy. Just says to that's a feeling. The Bronnish, you take the court for your first game. How are your personnel? Oh, you know, I got a little nose in my stomach right now, but once it's done ball start up, I'll be ready to play. Bye. When you're asleep, ladies and gentlemen, you need your dreams. I'm here to tell you that when you're wide awake, you all so need your dreams. You must have your goals. You'll never make it as a wandering generaway. You must become a meaningful specific. If you're going to work tomorrow because that's what you did yesterday, you're not going to be as good tomorrow as you are yesterday because now you're two days old and no closer to the goal what you do not have. You know what you're supposed to do? Keep down to say I think everybody does. A lot of people just don't go after it. You know, it like most people start out to say, I want to be at this, but I'm going to hit that to make sure I have something to fall back on. And what you're doing is you're setting yourself up a fair because you're going as a possibility that I'm a fall back. And when you put that out there, then you fall back. You just say, hey, this is what I want to do and you're doing. You usually get your stuff the way you want it, man. I feel so strongly that the reason I'm here is I dream big dreams. I dream the kind of dreams that other people said would not be possible. I'm also living proof. This isn't a Hollywood movie. I come literally from the other side of the traps. If you saw where I grew up and we took a picture of it, the neighborhood, the setting, you say it's not, it's impossible that someone can come from there and get here. But it is possible. And not to sound too tight. It's possible because we still live in a country where the entrepreneurial spirit is so alive and so well. And anyone in this country, if you dream big and surround yourself with great people, and leave your ego at the door and share success with others, and have a little luck along the way you can do anything. There will be people along the way. And I remember this, who will say to you, you know, you're dreaming too big. It's not possible. Those things just can't happen. Don't allow anyone. Friend, family, acquaintance, teachers, whoever it is, don't allow anyone to tell you that what you are dreaming yourself and your family is not possible. It is possible. Don't be one of those people. 20 years from now, are going to be walking around a nine to five job, miserable, and angry, and bitter. Because you let your dreams get away from you. Because you did not believe stronger than strongly enough in yourself and what was possible. Don't allow that to happen. This is an unbelievable time. And I can't encourage you enough to continue to think that things are possible, and that you dreamt and come true. It's one of my favorite quotes. I came up with it with my uncle. And he told me this after I injured myself and I realized that I wasn't going to be a football player. And he told me, you know, the never lose sight of your dreams. But he also told me this as who I was. He knew that now was going to be a turning point. I thought I could turn to the streets and follow them to footsteps of my father. Oh, I could dream then possible dream. That fear of having a dream and that fear of, or I can't dream that, I can't, I can't, I'll never be able to do that. You know, it was important to know that yes, you can't have that dream, but you have to know honestly what it's going to take for you to achieve that dream. And so then I came up with the quote and it goes to everybody, all genders, all races. You know, don't be afraid to close your eyes and dream. But then you have to open your eyes and see the reality of what it's going to take for you to achieve that dream. And a lot of people, they kind of see whether this musician is an athlete or entertainers, or even just successful people, but they don't understand the thing that it takes for them to get to the point that they've got. And, you know, that's why it's a very important quote to me and I think it, you know, it has inspired people. It inspires me every day. It's hard changing your life. It was hard when just over three years ago. And the pronounced got building in Detroit, Michigan, where I was operating my business. And I fell on some hard times. And I was sleeping in my office. It was hard coming into the lobby. And the security sets, excuse me, Mr. Brown, can we see you for a moment? And I said yes, and I walked up to the corner and he gave me an envelope. And he said, would you mind reading it here? And I opened an envelope and the envelope was from management that said, this is an office tower. It's not a hotel. Please do not sleep in your office. And it was hard coming through the lobby. And sometimes they would laugh, they would have to go talking about becoming successful. And look at him. He's bathing in the bathroom upstairs on the 21st floor. He sleeps on the floor. Him and two other dreamers up there. Look at him. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. For those of you that have experienced some hardships, don't give up on your dream. No one could have convinced me by holding on. By continuing to push forward, by continuing to run toward my dream at one day. I would have my own talk show. It's a long shot, ladies and gentlemen, from Liberty City in a abandoned building on a floor. Now, we're knowing my mother-of-father. It's a long shot. Being here with you today and this goal. Get it landed to long shot. No college training label, eligible mental retarded. But I kept running toward my dream. Don't stop running toward your dream. Something which is really, really important is, which I believe. You have to change your dreams. Dreams do come true. Make a choice. You just decide what is going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way.

=== FILE: NEVER GIVE UP! - The Most Powerful Motivational Videos for Success, Students & Working Out [sdA2kdkRctE].txt ===

But I can't ready to war my dream! Very hit the finish! Please take it from that! Prepare the reset! I can't solve the... I can't! I can't! I can't stand on that! I can't! That is crazy stuff! It's just an endless scene! I can't help it! I'm ready! I've got the lead! You're here for running who lead them to Nail. The tremendous strike it go and he's going in. This is unreal. Three offensive, 20 minutes. And despair for Austin Vanga, who's team up in ripped-to-trance. Running on running right. Austin, on ping of Dile at hit here. Well, the fourth goal means that some Arsenal fans, we assume, have seen it after the heading for home already. Now the chance for World Cup to make an entire Arsenal, but the last, something goes right for them right near the end of the off. Good-back and a start of the winning, trouble won't come back. We've come to hear you, isn't it? Talk about minutes and all times. Calls you, man! Welcome to the chance! This is a serious fight between Damels didn't share their authority but had raised it and started, that thoseCS on my MPP are, for me, at the right, today's tournament for. We've done a good thing. But I only have my opponent... If I take him down during that kick, he'd никто, just give my handidiots a try. Get your fucking hands on to the national first round and summ your Street Dragon thread, I'm not sure having seemingly been down and out was, then take back it by ready. I'm surely heading over the last time. Bal's In the acting business you fail all the time, early on in my career, I auditioned for a part in Broadway musical, perfect role for me I thought. I didn't get the job, but here's the thing, I didn't quit, I didn't fall back, I walked out of there to prepare for the next audition and the next audition and the next audition, I prayed, I prayed and I prayed, but I continued to fail and fail. So you will catch a break and I did catch a break. Last year I did a play called Fences on Broadway, one that told me a war, but here's the kicker, it was at the court theater, it was at the same theater that I failed at first audition, 30 years prior. You know, every time you lose at something you're a one-step cluster going in the next time, the difference between successful people, I'm not successful people, are people doing that. The hardest thing to learn is to lose, winning is easy, you win, you're happy, you get a high five, your friends are happy, you're ability to take a loss, get up the next day, dust yourself off and keep going. I have lost everything you can imagine, it's a concern, we have, I have to beat up and put down and everything that can go wrong has gone wrong, but I just kept going. Those of you that have experienced some hot shins don't give up on your breath, no one could have convinced me by holding on, by continuing to push forward, by continuing to run toward my dream, at one day, I would have my own talk show, it's a long shot, ladies and gentlemen, from Liberty City in abandoned building, all to floor, never knowing my mother or a mama, it's a long shot, being here with you today in this goal, in Atlanta, it's a long shot, no color-straining label, eligible, mental retarded, but I kept running to what my dream. I remember when I did my very first show, I worked my butt off, and I was like, I'm saved $12,000 tax returns, you're making our blood money, I saved it work hard, saved myself, ready to 14th Street Way House, put that show up, thought that $1200 people would come over weekend and thirdly, it's filled up and I knew everyone up, but I didn't stop, that didn't deter me, that was in 1992, 93, same thing at 94, 95, and 6,97 up, it's a long shot, I'm still in one show a year working with different promoters trying to get the show up and nobody showed up, but I did this stop, and what I say to you now, looking at me now, here, I am a human being, there's no difference between my humans and your humans, the only thing is if you're trying to get there, you cannot stop believing in anyway, no matter what anybody said, no matter what anybody tells you, you have to know it beyond knowing it. Just keep going, find that thing you love because it's tough work.

=== FILE: NO MATTER HOW HARD IT GETS - Motivational video [M9fXOivDGU8].txt ===

And this quote is about a young man. He was young lawyer in New York. He'd married a beautiful girl. And they had a lovely daughter. And then suddenly he died. And this is what he wrote. This was in his diary. He said, she was beautiful and face and far. And lovely or still, in spirit. As a flower she grew. And as a fair young flower. She died. And when my heart's dearest died, he died. The light went from my life forever. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. It's only a beginning. Always. The young must know it. The old must know it. Because the greatness comes. Not one thing's always good for you. But the greatness comes and you're really just it. When you take some knocks, some disillusionments. When sadness comes. Because only if you've been in the deepest valley, Can you ever know how magnificent it is to be from the highest mountain? Always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember. Others may hate you. Those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself. And a lobster is a soft, mushy animal that lives inside of a rigid shell. That rigid shell does not expand. As the lobster grows, that shell becomes very confining. And the lobster feels itself under pressure and uncomfortable. Cast off the shell and produces into one. Well, eventually, that shell becomes very uncomfortable. As it grows, and the lobster repeats this numerous times. This stimulus for the lobster to be able to grow is that it feels uncomfortable. Now, if the lobster's had doctors, they would never grow. Because as soon as the lobster feels uncomfortable, goes to the doctor gets a valium, gets a percussive. It feels fine. Never gets off its shell. So we have to realize the times of stress are also the times that are sicklos for growth. And if we use adversity properly, we can grow through adversity. These things happen to you and you think you've been dealt a terrible hand. You've had bad luck. And when you just go with it, you just start improvising. Suddenly you realize that you stumble upon some of the best things that have ever happened to you. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. Sometimes, you've got to come. A little piece of yourself off. Yeah? No matter how much it hurts, in order to grow. Yeah? In order to move on. I read some words that I found extremely powerful that I've been caring with me ever since. It is not the critic who counts. Not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles. Or where the duer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who was actually in the arena. Whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood. Whose drives value leap, who airs, who comes short again and again. Because there is no effort without error and shortcoming. But who does always actually strive to do the deeds? Who knows great enthusiasm, the great devotions. Who spins himself in the worthy cause. Who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement. And who at the worst. If he fails, at least fails while daring greatly. So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls, who neither know victory nor defeat. You will have good days and you'll have bad days. But you will always learn something more or something new and you will learn more overall. I'm not going to say anything. You will always learn something more or something new and you will learn more overall. On bad days than good days. I'm here to say you will make mistakes along the way. You will fall down. I have many times. Even I'll lead did. But what we do after that fall is how we make history. Because impossible is nothing. These are words to remember when anyone tries to tell you to give up. Tell you to give in because whatever you're trying to do is impossible. The champ said this. Impossible is just a word thrown around by a small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It's an opinion. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing. Mohammed always predicted from a small boy that he would be the world's head of the way champion. He always said, tell the kids and they will do it. I'm going to be a champ for the world. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. Chicken soup for the soul was rejected by 144 publishers. We don't want to publish a flat-to-show story. Now, if we had given up after 100 publishers who said no, I wouldn't be standing here today. And so you've got to be willing to personally be here. Because we didn't take no. So when the world says no, you say no. I think the biggest disability that we have as human beings is unbelief. We have to be. So what we have is this endless possibility that you have the person veered. It's the universe. Test start commitment. And so today we have 147 titles in print. It's sort of 115 million copies or 47 languages. Everything starts with a vision and a man without vision dies. And so we have to be a person with a vision. And so we have to be a person with a vision. A brass bell that hangs in the center of the compound for all the students to see. All you have to do to quit is ring the bell. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to wake up at 5 o'clock. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to be in the freezing cold swims. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to do the runs. The obstacle course the PT. And you no longer have to endure the hardships of training. All you have to do is ring the bell to get out. If you want to change the world, don't ever, ever. Ring the bell. I have to shut it all up. I have to shut it all up. The noise is loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts, no matter. I'm your, I'm dancing, I'm dancing, I'm dancing, I'm dancing. I'm putting, I can't possibly be beat. This is my moment for me. You will learn more about yourself, you'll learn more about relationships, you'll learn about life and principles and you'll build your caractel. So if you're willing to decide what you want, believe it's possible, consciously envision the future, feel the feelings of what it feels like if you're to achieve this goal. You can have anything and then you take action. I am the greatest. Even though I was having these troubles at home and even though I know real, I had no job, no security. You know what I mean? I whatever didn't know what actually what I was doing, I didn't have anything to happen, but I still was able to feel like it was. It's an, like, a kid with users imagination. I was basically just using imagination. Some people can see farther than others. We all live in our world of limitations. Some people can see farther than others. I have a big vision. I put a lot of effort, a lot of sacrifice and things I do. If I don't do it, it means I don't believe in it. In this I believe very strong. And I will not give up until I'm top of the world. So that's the way it works. You aim for the top. You don't aim for the second place. The first place I'm on the last one. And that's not my target. I try to do it almost every day. This is why I'm in a top level many, many years. Because I do it extra outside. When I'm 12 years old, most of the people told me. Because some of you are very, very good talent player. That you are very skinny, very slim. And I put in my mind, the body we can improve. You can improve your gym, the dedication and not worth. You can improve. So I've improved myself. A lot of times people believe in saying things but they keep it in their cell. They don't put it out there. They truly believe in it. They become vocal with it. You are creating that law of attraction and will become reality. I want you to see yourself doing what you want to do. Experiencing what you want to experience. Everyone's unique. In order to take, like Bruce Lee said, you take from everyone. And you use what is useful and you discard what is not. And you add what is uniquely your own. Having what you want to have. Doing what it is that gives your life for me and it value. People who go against the others and suppose to, you know, people who do stuff that hasn't been done before. People who do stuff that people say they can't do. That inspires me. Hard workers, people that are chasing their dream no matter what people are saying, no matter what people think. It is a lot of people just go do what they feel like they should do and live with the status quo and go live by all these rules. And hey, this is going to be okay. You know, just go accept your average nine to five rather than striving for something because the ultimate goal isn't to succeed or fail. The ultimate goal is to give everything you have for something that's on your heart and a dream and pursuing that. And if you get to live out your dream every single day, then the result doesn't matter. I can look back 20, 30 years from now and be able to look at this time and say, you know what? I gave everything I had. Dreams are based on something that's in your heart that are passions that are something that you want to go try. Not on chances. I've been on the end of many defeats of my life and I've rose back so I will not show you away from it. And I will not make excuses for it. I will assess it and come back. If you can see it here and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen. I'll never lose the fight. It's impossible, tell me. It's impossible. You'll lose the fight, you'll lie. Yes, tell me my fans in the last time they lost. I'm too fast. I'm the king. Can you tell me? If you like to lose your money, feel full and bad on Sunday. Listen, no killer. You're killing my defraise, right? I'll be listening in three rounds. Listen about four. Listen by two. Who? Listen in three. I'll lie. Why? Listen. Why? Listen. Second round, listen. Listen in four. Say you know I'm going to do something. Say it, put it out there for the world to see. I'm going out and doing it. There's no better feeling in the world than that. And it's as easy as that. Say what you're going to do. And go and do it. I still envision. Two. I'm possibly three belts. I'm going to go with Eddie Alvarez in the main event. Eddie. I don't see how counter can beat a heart like that. I think Alvarez wins. I think Eddie has all tools to get the job done. Hurt no tolerance. Conor, but regal. The effort was still therely perceptible. The time was three minutes, no point seven, say. A four minute mile was possible. Somehow, to do it, I had to run the last lap in 59 seconds. I felt that the moment of a lifetime had come. There was last few seconds seen never in. I think line of the finishing tapes. Today head is a haven of peace after the strategy. I knew I had done it before I even heard the call. I felt as if I was too close to the frame. I remember thinking if I can get through this. It may be as hard, but it's impossible for it to be hard. I've had a lot of hard time since. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. When you take some knocks, some disappointments, when sadness comes. Because only if you've been in the deepest valley, can you ever know how magnificent it is to be from the highest mountain.

=== FILE: PRICE OF SUCCESS - Motivational Video [sWKRFt5AcDg].txt ===

You have to stop looking out what you don't have and what's not happening for you and start appreciate and like what you do actually have. What do I have to be thankful for and everybody got something to be thankful for. Even a homeless man, if you wanted to he could be like y'all I'm breathing today, you can start very small and out of that it's going to, it's a process but that's how you can get about like a negative space like that. You want me to tell you right now what I realize is like the monetary material, even the success and the things that you put you place it, the importance of never can satisfy you and ever make you happy because they never end. There's no amount of money that will ever make you stop if money is whichever. You can never get enough of that. I realize that it's like it doesn't stop. It keeps calling you. It's like a drug. It's just a thing. It ain't real. It's not real. To me it was real. It was like something spiritual, something like a connection with somebody like a love. It's real. Everybody wants to make it and you might not make it and I said my dad well that depends on what making it is there. I said if I can take a teacher salary during comedy I think that's better to be a teacher and he's not a love. You say if you keep that out of tune I think you should go. He said, then your price in the beginning. It never gets more expensive than the price in the name.

=== FILE: PROBLEMS - Motivational video [o14-5-JYtDM].txt ===

If not me, who? If not now, what? No matter who you are, no matter where you come from, problems are going to be a part of your life. In life you're either going to a storm, right? Are you hearing me? You're on your way to a storm. You are actually in a storm or you're coming out. It's a part of life. Don't be consumed with the problems are of life. But guess what? They're not life. I want you to focus on your dreams. I want you to focus on your goals. I want you to focus on your solutions. I want you to focus on that dream like that you have. It's not all I'm telling you is. Stop letting the problems come from you. And that is the basis for all change. I'm going to say it again. I don't care who you are. We're either going in a storm, like for real. You're literally going in a storm. You're actually in it or you're coming out of it. It's not where around it. So just be careful not to allow the trials and the tribulations to consume you. I just need you to deal with it because it's not going to go away. You're not going to be able to do it. No matter what happens to your past, you are not your past. Because the worst life is if you survive the work of the worst, you've made the biggest mistakes and you're still breathing. And you can learn from that not-built muscle. I was so stuck on the fact that my biological father was not in my life. I was so stuck on the fact that my man abandoned me. I was so stuck on the fact that that never told people that I was here. I was so stuck on the fact that he wasn't there for me. But you know the rhyme, my bike, to get my drive, I was so stuck. You get on the other side of all that push and you relax and you rest. That's when your muscles grow. Look, you get on the other side of this problem and you get to relax and you get to rest when you get on the other side of it. That's when you start growing. That's when life starts to change. That's when you start to attract. You don't attract, you don't attract. You're a dream-like, you're a dream-like job. You're the track those things got by avoiding problems. You attract them by dealing with them. Out here, out here, out here, out here, out here, out here. Out here, out here, out here, out here, out here. Like this, I don't care. But I'm telling you, you're a real, real, with it. You can get through this. You will get through this. You must get through. You are going to get through this. When you get on the other side, I'm trying to tell you. When you get on the other side of the problem, it's everything you dream of. Who changed the way you looked at this, the things you looked at changed. Look on. Get on. And don't ever get on. Never say never. Because limits, like fears, are often just a minute.

=== FILE: PROVE YOU CAN DO IT - Motivational video [br5eA-5EFTc].txt ===

I think it was like a handicap. I had a, and I probably might was cross-eyed, you know, where there's no one technically is an alternating squint. And I think, you know, it just, you get a person like that and they can. I'm quite sure that in my case that, you know, you go to a dancer party and you're a self-conscious. And a lot of these athletes, or many good athletes, I think, might have a similar, I wouldn't call it a problem. It might be an asset. In this sense, that it drives them in another way, in, in the, in the many cases and sport or the arts, it actually is a, I look upon that at my age as possibly not a detriment, but an asset. Because it will drive the person through the heights that they might never do normally. And I believe that people in mighty forces will come to your aid. And I believe that, but everything. That's what we all do. We get to 70s, both in the arts, come to the summer of the day, I'll recline as watching television day in the day. It's not worth it. I mean, life's so short and such glorious images in the world and such hollow as well. But I want to see it all. So I've moved out of my comfort zone. It's essential for me. I don't know if I'm a major die. So I've done it to have a broken, every ruling book, and not out of my list, so I need to tell anyone that I'll show you. I did it for to show myself. I looked in the mirror that I'll show you one day and done something completely. I wrote the music and I feel a little bit less. So no matter which round I come, we can't care about all of them. They all went to the same place. But I'll tell you that I've had this experience in my life, not only once, I've had to lift myself about 10 times. And I know that in my life, I'll have to lift myself 10 times more. And I think I'm not the only one. I think that everybody has to do this. I thought maybe it's the old thing, you're the only one. But the only thing I know about life is, is that it's a series of lifting yourself up from one year to the next. And I think that's a very important thing. I think it's very important not to do what your peers think. You should do what your parents think you should do or your teachers. Do what's inside you. You don't set out to build a wall. You don't say I'm gonna make it. Build the biggest, that is greatest wall that's ever been built. You don't start there. You say, I'm gonna lay this brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. And you do that every single day. And soon you have a wall. We have to make our lives because life is tough. You have to believe in the power of life. Everything I did, I was following something I really cared about. Something I loved, something I was passionate about. And I kept following that passion, whether it was cars, whether it was anthropology, whether it was art, photography. And eventually it led me to my huge passion, my real passion, which was making movies, which combined all of those things. Never, ever, ever gave up. I think a lot of it comes down to a lot of people. You must be a super tough mother fucker and all this other shit. And I think it comes down more to just how bad you are from. Again life, if you just want something so fucking bad. I just remembered when I was doing the 50 meter underwater swim, it was really hard for me. I had never been able to do it outside of, you know, still training. And the only two times I did it was when I had to do it. And I just remember I was just like, well, I'm just going to swim until I fucking reach the wall of blackout. Like there was nothing in another option. Like I just wasn't going to quit because I wanted it so bad. Nobody can guarantee what would be successful. Right? So I think the only thing that can guarantee our success is keep the passion, keep believing the future. This is a natural process of life. It is not a misfortune that has to list yourself up. It's a thing that takes place as you go through life. And you keep lifting yourself up. And you just continue to lift yourself up as long as you can run as you're alive. That's the only way that I can see it. Pleasure is short-lived. Last an hour, last a minute, last a month. And it peaks and then goes down. It peaks very high. But the next time you want to get that same peak, you have to do it twice as much. It's like drugs. You have to keep doing it because it's insulates itself. On the other hand, it's joy. And joy is the thing that doesn't go as high as pleasure in terms of your emotional reaction. But it stays with you. Joy is something you can recall. Pleasure, you can't. The secret is that even though it's not as intense as the pleasure, the joy will last you a lot longer. Everybody has talent in just a matter of moving around and telling you to discover what it is. A talent is a combination of something you love a great deal. That's something you can lose yourself in. Something you started in a clock. Look up from your work and it's ten o'clock at night. And it's a great deal. And today's time, it's literally just about you realizing your own potential and being created within your own potential. Oh, this is what I can do. So I need to master this, this myth. Because you see understanding gives us the ability if we cannot see the positive circumstance on the outside, we can build it on the inside. That's why Napoleon said circumstances how I make them. George Bernard Shaw said people are always blaming circumstances for what they are. He said I don't believe in circumstance. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up. Look for their circumstances they want and if they can't find them, they make them, they understand, they can do that. That's really not getting emotional involved. They then set up an emotional state that's quite opposite fear. It's called faith. But I haven't met anybody here at the Academy or anywhere else that hasn't been able to describe years and years and years of very, very difficult struggle through the whole process of achieving anything whatsoever. And there's no way to sort of get around that and the secret is just not to give up hope. And it's very hard not to. Because if you're really doing something worthwhile, I think I think you will be pushed. To the brink of hopelessness before you come through the inside. Another quality that I think is important is kind of being flexible minded or open minded. I'm not saying you shouldn't have a vision for your idea or product, but you need to be open to changes.

=== FILE: PSYCHOLOGICAL FITNESS - How To Overcome Anything - Motivational Video [6txwdvPW8Eg].txt ===

I believe that every relationship, every part of life, every part of a human being needs a compelling future. But the future is not more compelling than today. Today could be tough, but if the future is compelling, we can get there. I've always wanted to know the answer to a question that is a process by the question. Of what makes the difference in people's life? I was not popular in school, I loved people, so I was passionate about figuring out what's the difference in people. Why is it that some people are given to every family? You know, the type that really do have parents that love them, that are there for them, they have tremendous educational background, they have all the economic resources, and the end-up spending life going in and out of the rehab. You know, they had all the resources, and then you need somebody who's been abused, or no one's been there for them, or they've been physically abused, or sexually abused, or the worst thing you could possibly happen to a human being, and they try not to be some defying a student being you'd ever need in your life, or out there working to help other people make a difference. So, we all want to believe that our lives have turned out because of our biography. And the reality is we can all find people with a horrible biography of an extraordinary life, and we have people with an extraordinary biography who have a life that none of us have were a trait of them. So what's the real challenge? I believe that the challenge in relationships that life every area is emotional fitness. How did Bill Gates change his economic world? He was a software designer who didn't say how to win gay better software. He asked, and how did everyone else ask, how did we become the intelligence that controls all computers worldwide? How did we become the intelligence that controls all computers worldwide? What do you want? What's the result after? That changes what you do. Quite strong, that's the point, Rocky. He's now we are so drunk we have nothing to food or money, and he said the one thing I love most in the world was my dog. He said, I love my dog because he gave me an unconditional love. I'm like my wife. And he said, so what happened was, we were so drunk that we survived. I couldn't beat my dog. So I went to a liquor store, he said, the lowest there in my life. I stood outside the liquor store trying to sell my dog for strangers. So I tried to sell my dog for 50 bucks. And he said, the time is, one guy didn't go to you with me and bought my dog for me. My best friend and her is the $25. He said, I walked away from there and I cried because the worst thing that ever happened my life. He's a two-week later I'm watching a fight. This white guy is getting bludgeon, but just keeps on coming. And he said, I got an idea. He said, I feel like the fight engine I started riding. He said, I wrote for 20 straight hours. I did not sleep. I wrote the entire movie in 20 hours straight. Brighten. So I'll apply it and wrote the movie. Hold me and done. He said, I was shaking at the end. I was so excited. So I really knew man, I knew what I wanted. I knew why I wanted it. He said, if I could see that formula, he said, but I said, man, I took the action now and time to deliver it. And so he said, I went out and started trying to sell it. Agents. And they all would read it. They said, this is predictable. This is stupid. This is sad to me. He said, I wrote down all the things they said. And I read them at night of the Oxford one we won. And they only spent a million dollars to make Rocky. And it grows $200 million. But fun. The most important thing of all is what we started out with. Why? Why is it a must for you? It doesn't have to be your accounts to wall, but it has to be something you're hungry for. Because the only difference in people is hunger. And they cannot hungry. Get around people that are hungry and something will hit you. You'll watch a conversation, you get around people that are doing better. And all the sudden you start going, my life sucks. What do these people need to get started? Why aren't they starting? We all know the answer is fair. But the difference with you guys or me or anybody who's followed through is more and more afraid of what life would be like if we don't follow through. Then the person who's willing to settle for what they got in kind of hope it'll change and maybe purchase something for the moment and they're not following through with it. It's almost like people overachievers have a little more fear. They're a little more afraid of missing out. They're afraid of not being there. Or they've got a strong enough reason to follow through. But race gets magnified the more you appreciate it. The more you notice that you're guided or that things have happened for you. Those who've been in the same state on the fourfold of these matters, life doesn't happen to you. It happens for you. The judge on the figure out how it's happening for you. If you don't notice it, you ought to experience it. What do you take in action or not? It's one word certainty. When somebody has absolutely certain names, you know, they're a common word of belief, right? But you know, you can believe it at a general level or you can believe it's certain. When you're absolutely certain that if I do this it's going to get that result and that result's going to change my life, you'll do it. When you think it absolutely is not going to work. You're never going to do it. The middle no man's land of, maybe the work, maybe it will, that's the piece that kills people. So if it's a must for you, you got to make it work. Hold the date. That sense of wealth. That sense of abundance in you. The more you can feel that sense of joy, the more easy it's going to be for you to do financially. Because you're not going to be in this scarce, fearful mode. Now that's not enough by itself. You have this great sense of abundance and do the wrong mechanics and be a disaster. Wellf is a product of the mind. Again, no amount of money you ever achieve will make you wealthy. Gratitude will and living a life where you know you're contributing, adding value will. That's what's going to make you feel wealthy, where you're a giver not a taker. That doesn't mean you can't receive, but someone is always looking at what am I getting out of every single thing they do is always poor. But the basis of all that I do comes down to knowing the difference in your life, your relationship, your physical life, your emotional life, any aspect of your life comes down to this sense of psychological strength and emotional fitness. And what I mean by that is this, discipline never works long time. Never. What works is when you become addicted to something positively new, you trade one addiction for another, and you shift from having you doing something to wanting to do something. So our focus is how to make that happen. Everybody's going to make some bad choices, and some of them could cost you seemingly everything. But it may be worth it. Thank you.

=== FILE: Pure Motivation ｜ Mulligan Brothers ｜ [2iu2m_Wxxnc].txt ===

Greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, elusive, God-like feature that only the special among us will ever taste. You know, it's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe, and I'm willing to die for it. Here. The separation of talent and skill is one of the greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams that want to do things. Talent you have natural skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beaten on your credit. Here who says he can and here who says he can't are both usually right. Mind is everything. If you don't believe you can do something you can't. If you believe that your father was a bone, can he left you? Or your mother wasn't any good. If you believe that your upbringing was substandard, and therefore you have to walk around as a refugee from that crisis situation for the rest of your life, or ever bearing the burden of that experience, and that will be your life. It's like you have to save your own life. Nobody's going to be able to save it for you. So we have to do what we have to do. No matter what it is. We have to do what we have to do. I really tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place. And I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep it at a permanent leave you're letting it. You need a nobody. It's going to hit his heart as life. But they ain't about how hard you hit. And keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how we didn't start. Now if you know when you're worth the bloody get what you're worth. But you've got to be willing to take the hits. And not point in finger say you ain't when you want to be because of him or her or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You better than that. You're going to go to all the battling. You've got to go through the get the way you want to get. Who's got the right to stop him? I mean maybe some of you guys got something never say something. You really want to do something you never said to somebody something. And you're told no even after you pay your dues. Who's got the right to tell you that who? Nobody. It's your right to listen to your gut. Nobody's right to say no. After you earn right to be where you want to be a dude you want to do. To be a human being now is a blessing. To go through you have a feeling you're experiencing at this time is a blessing. Please don't get me over the nonsense it is on. It's why know that a solution will come. And you're struggling to accept what you want. I deep it feel is not that we are inadequate. I think it's clear that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our life not only dog food that was frightened. You're playing small it's not served the world there is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people don't feel insecure around you. People all know the shyness of children. It's not just been some of us it's in every way. And as we let all our life shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear. Our presence automatically liberates our people. We are the only one who can do this. We are the only one who can do this. We are the only one who can do this. It's a more important promise. What would you get for today? We get more and more opportunities in our life. One chance in life to do whatever you are going to do. To lay your families and make whatever you want. Whatever legacy you are going to leave. Leave your lives and it's found forever. When the losses come and die we're done. The effort nobody judge you. Because effort is between you and you. You're all. You're all. Because everyday is a new day. Every moment is a new moment. So now you've got to go on this show you're doing all my different creatures now. And I will find you. Because I'll piss off for greatness. I'm just a dreamtest of the greatest. And I'll keep it in me. And no man in your can be despised. Those are young men who can only want to make a lot of money to throw. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to say what you want. And so the boo who said if you want to do it the same level I'm on. I'm making tomorrow at the beach at 4am. So the young man got there at 4am. He already rocked the road. Got on the suit. You should watch shorts. Oh man, Graham's his hands. How bad do you want me to accept? He said real bad. He said walk on out in the water. So he walks out into the water. Watch this. When he walks out into the water it goes way to deep. That's all man crazed. He's making mud but he breaks. He said come on out of the water. He came out of the water. He came out of the water. Right at his mouth. My man like I'm walking. Go back in here. It's God is mine. But all man started talking to say he wanted me to accept it. He said I do. He said walk on the floor. He can't drop his head. Helping down. Holy down. My man. Just stretch him. Holy down. He had him held down. Just he told my man was trying to pass out. He raised him up. He said when you were under water what do you want to do? So I went to bring you. He told the guy he said when you want to succeed as mad as you want to free then you'll be successful. And when you get to the choice where all you want to do is be successful as bad as you want to free then you'll be successful. And I'm in it and you've never won. That most of you say you want to be successful but you don't want it bad. You just kind of want it. You don't want it bad if you want to party. You don't want it as much as you want to be cool. You've most of you don't want success. You're much as you want to sleep. Somebody who loves sleep won't be lost success. And I'm here to tell you today if you're going to be successful you've got to be willing to give up sleep. You've got to be one of the work on the three hours of sleep to ours. If you really want to be successful someday you will have to stay free days in the world because if you go to sleep you find this and you have to be successful. That's how bad you got to live. You've got to be successful. You're much as you want to be cool. You've got to be successful. You're much as you want to be cool. You've got to be successful. You've got to be successful.

=== FILE: RISK - Motivational video [Elon Musk] [JGfygJXTwq4].txt ===

Rock, bear if I ran to go. Range green. First stage tank, pressing up. A wealth, a well-fled out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold. That third failure in a row did you think I need to pack this in? Why not? I don't ever give up. I mean, I'd have to be dead or to be in the past day. Eight-leaf slater must death the company on another flight. We have lift off. This time around, everything worked. Perfect. That fourth launch hadn't worked. That would have been it. I'm a little bit of not having to resources to announce it. Successful entrepreneurs probably come in all the size of the ship. Some of the things that this private radio, I think are very important. I think really an obsessive nature with respect to the quality of the product. Really, really liking what you do. Whatever area that you get into, even if you're the best, the choice of chance of failure. So I think it's important that you really like what it means. You don't like it. Life is too important. When my brother and I were studying up-to-risk company, instead of getting an apartment, we just ran to this small office. And we stepped on the couch. We had just one computer. So the website was up during the day, and I was quoting it nine. Seven days a week, full of time. You just keep guarding. You can get it done. For at the 90 billion dollars, like 50 years' worth of breaks into solar and wind, to the cylinder and to the cylinder and to the test level. I mean, I had a friend who said you don't just pick the winners and losers. You picked the losers. I'm available 24-7 of just how to solve this year. I call me three-am in a sunny morning out of here. Like his bets, so we didn't just repay the principal. We actually repayed it with interest and an abosment. So ultimately, the US Act, they were actually made a profit of it to cover over $20 million on this loan. Work like hell. I mean, it is tepted. It put in 80-hour, 80-hour-dark weeks every week. If other people are putting in a pot of hour work, Greeks and you're putting in 100-hour work, Greeks, you will achieve in four months what it takes them a year to achieve. Natural human tendencies which we're thinking. So a challenge for entrepreneurs is to say, well, what's the difference between really believing in your ideals and sticking to them versus pursuing some unrealistic cream that doesn't actually have merit? Your product will so it needs to be much better. It can't be a little bit better. The oldest things improve the odds is it says. I think my sort of drive to get it done is somewhat disconnected from hope and enthusiasm or anything else. I just, I actually don't care about hope or enthusiasm. Motivation. Just give it everything I've got. The irrespective of what the circumstances may be.

=== FILE: Ronaldo - Motivational Video [9qV6qneSk_Q].txt ===

I was feeling from the beginning that I was different than the other ones. I'm always competitive player and not just in the games. I'm in a train, I'm like that. In your home, with my sisters, my mom, with my nephews, I'm always trying to competitive hard and try to win. I'm like that. I'm never changed. Because I like what I do, I like my life, I'm happy person. You're probably the most famous footballer in the world. In my mind, I'm always the best. In my mind, not just this year, but always, I'm always the best. It's not about the money, it's about the passion. You have to work. I try to do it almost every day. This is why I'm in a top level many, many years. Because I do it extra outside the pitch. Because I'm really like to put myself in a pressure to see what I can do. Keep work, hard to dedicate myself on the percent. This is what I love to do. It's the play football. I still am capable to play more years. Try to be the best like always. How always say that every time this is my goal, I'm still fit, still young, I'm still with the power. So, this is what I like. I want more and more, but I still have many years to play football and I want more. I just try to do my best every season. I want more and more. I want more and more. I still work hard and there in my job, but I have to say, to be in my shoes is not easy. I want to be in my shoes. I always want to be in a competitive person, so it's part of me. I always thinking, when I take that decision, I will be a professional player. I will be something in the football. I was cry almost every day to miss my family, but I'm not regret because it was probably the more intense moments in my life that I lived through. Without sacrifice, we cannot win nothing, so I did an unbelievable sacrifice. My family too. I'm feel happy, all this happened because there isn't. There isn't. I'm unbelievable inside the pitch. This is why the people are so much interesting on me. Are you the best footballer in the world right now? I think so, yes.

=== FILE: Ronda Rousey - Motivational video ＂A DO NOTHING BITCH＂ (DNB) [R21QgcLuBqw].txt ===

And my family, we were always told that we were meant to be something extraordinary. I have this one term for the kind of woman that my mother raised me to not be and I call it a do nothing bitch or I call it a D&B a lot of the time. I kind of take that just like just tries to be pretty and be taking care of by somebody else. I'm scared to death a failure and I'm so scared to lose a way more than any of these other girls and it's the kind of thing that keeps me up a night and it wakes me up in the morning. People like to say that my body looks masculine or something like that. I'm just like listen. Just because my body was developed for purpose I've been fucking millionaires doesn't mean it's masculine. I think it's definitely badass as fuck because there's not a single muscle on my body isn't for a purpose because I'm not a do nothing bitch.

=== FILE: STAN LEE - Inspirational video [iZiNKB28_Ns].txt ===

I'm doing what I enjoy doing. It's like other men like to play golf, so they play golf every chance they can. So you don't say to them, how come you play in golf today you played last week? It was the same with me. To me, it is such fun creating characters, writing stories. It's an exciting life. And when you do something that you know the fans seem to enjoy, that gives you such satisfaction you don't want to stop. Being interested in what you're doing. I know my father, the poor guy. It was during the depression and he was out of work most of the time. So his life was shorter. And it was because there was nothing really that he was doing that could interest him. But I think if you do what really excites you, it just keeps you going as long as possible. Believe it or not, I almost never have been stuck on anything. Writing comes very easily to me. Everything else in the world is tough, but writing, I don't have any problem with that. I can't write fast enough to keep up with the things I want to say. I think whatever you do, you should do what you most want to do and what you're best at. Too many people don't really do what their hearts desire is, but they try to do something else because they think we'll be easy to get a job or to make money. And if that happens then when you're doing it, you feel like you're working. But if you do what you really want to do, you feel like you're playing. It's easy if you do. And I know I wanted to be a musician when I was young, but I had no talent for it. If I had wasted time trying to be a musician, I'd have either been a failure or had just an ordinary musician. But I love writing also and it came easy to me. So I figured I'd stay with mine. I think you have to do what you do best and what you enjoy. And I began to realize that entertainment is very important in people's lives. Most people almost everybody applies it of problems and troubles and things to worry about him. If you can entertain somebody, take his or her mind off, the things that would normally be bothering them. That's a good thing to do. Mostly I've just enjoyed everything I've been doing. And I think my professional life has been a source of much pleasure for me.

=== FILE: STAND OUT - Motivational video [N8ZdlSEzeVA].txt ===

I think I should be no fear. I just should be no fear. I think that's just always remember being pummeled by fear early on. I feel like I could have just got rid of that fear earlier. This might have been a little bit easier. I just don't give a fuck, that's gonna the best thing that did. My future light is just working. It's that great job. Everybody else does. The time is now. The time is now to express and for people to believe in themselves. The time is now for it to be okay to be great. People in this world shun people for being great, for being a bright color, for standing out. But the time is now to be okay to be the greatest you. I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up in the way that they control people with low self-esteem. It's crazy that we live in a world that if you're super positive and super creative, then it's scary. So what does it tell you about the mentality of most people? You don't have to know how to make it. If you truly love cinema. With all your heart and with enough passion, you can't help but make it good movie. I always feel like I could do anything. That's the main thing people have controlled by. Thoughts, their perception of themselves. They're slow down by their perception of themselves. If you're taught you can't do anything you won't do anything. I always thought I could do everything. You got nervous that somebody else was right. It was talking to you. Who made it a position of power like their opinion somehow was right or better than you. You can never stop the thing like, you know, it's just different. You just think differently like doing that's okay, but I'm not wrong. You can get filled with such fear and it's really easy to get to just get your heart broke and sort of beat me. Make sure what you do is the product of your own conclusion. Just don't give a fuck. That's kind of the best thing to do.

=== FILE: STOP WASTING TIME？ - Motivational video [z83YEbSCZhA].txt ===

Now, most of us do our best not to think about death, but there's always part of our minds that knows this can't go on forever. We, part of us always knows that we're just a doctor's visit away, or a phone call away from being starkly reminded with the fact of our own mortality. Or of those closest to us. You must know how uncanny it is to suddenly be thrown out of the normal course of your life and just be given the full time job of not dying, or caring for someone who is. The one thing people tend to realize at moments like this is that they wasted a lot of time when life was normal. It's not just what they did with their time. It's not just that they spend too much time working, or were compulsively checking email. It's that they cared about the wrong things. They regret what they cared about. Their attention was bound up in petty concerns. And a year after year, one life was normal. We all know this epiphany is coming. Don't you know this is coming? Don't you know that there's going to come a day when you'll be sick or someone close to you will die, and you'll look back on the kinds of things that captured your attention. And you'll think, what was I to my mind? You know this, and yet if you're like most people, you'll spend most of your time in life. Tassily presumed you'll live forever. I think you know, if you know what you're supposed to do, I think everybody does. A lot of people just don't go after it. Like most people start out, they say, I want to be a this, but I'm going to be that to make sure I have something to fall back on. And what you're doing is you're setting yourself up for failure, because you're going, there's a possibility that I'm going to fall back. And when you put that out there, then you fall back. And you just say, hey, this is what I want to do and you go do. You usually get your stuff the way you want it, man. Because even if you live to be a hundred, they're just not that many days in life. Way too many people in the room are going to spend the next 30, 40 years of their lives trying to check the boxes of the things that they're not as good at, and that you're going to waste a couple of time in these. I want you to look back on the journey that brought you here. What moments challenged you most? When were you asked to step outside of your familiar territory in order to rise to the occasion of your potential? How have you pushed past your fear? You can follow someone else's script. Try to make choices that will make other people happy, avoid discomfort, do what is expected and copy the status quo, or you can look at all that you have accomplished today and use it as fuel to venture forth and write your own story. If you do, amazing things will take shape. Don't follow the path prescribed by someone else. Are the only person who can live the life that writes the story that you were meant to tell. You don't get this far. You don't get to this point. You are heroes who have faced fears and taken risks and forged ahead to conquer one of the most important chapters of your life. You see when you're in that darkness, you want to sit there and wait for the light to come. When you're in that darkness, it feels uncomfortable. The only way out is to step forward to face your fears to become your own light. I want you to be fearless. I want you to be decisive. I want you to make a decision right now that when you fail and you fall to your knees, I want you to remember the power of you and I want you to get back on your feet. I want you to be a decision today that when you're in the darkness, you'll remember the power of you. Nobody is going to take you to the front of the line unless you push your way to the front of the line. I want to ask you a real question. Do you know how powerful you are? I had to make a decision. I had to decide to become my own light. I had to believe in myself like never before. But I didn't care because it was like I still got to do what I love. That's the thing is that people think it was a struggle and it's like, well, no, because I loved it so much. I still got to go skate and I had time to skate and I didn't have to go sit behind the computer for eight hours and then hope I get time to skate. But I hope that they're not afraid to try something different because you can't listen to the haters. That's my best advice to anyone. If I had listened to the haters, I would have quit a long time ago. I would have quit an hour as a 11 years old. There are people with incredible talent and no motivation. And then there are other people that are willing to work their ass off who don't have a natural ability. But will become successful because they're so determined. You cannot achieve success without failure. You're convinced that you're going to fail or fall or get hurt that will come to fruition because that's what you're visualizing. I never visual, you know, I was willing to get hurt along the way but I didn't visualize myself getting hurt along the way. And I think that's what stops a lot of people and that's really what separates a lot people from being world champions or from being as good as they can because they stop at some point saying, oh no, I am not capable of this or I'll probably get hurt doing this. And if you approach anything with that hesitation, you're going to fail. I always approached it like this is going to work. I'm going to figure this out. And even if it takes me hundreds of attempts. Is this what you dreamt? I didn't dream any of this. None of this was possible or even considered a reality when I was a kid. You know, when I started skating like the best you could hope for was your picture in a magazine maybe a pro board, maybe and free gear. That's it. And then once you've reached an ace for some responsibility and this is, I'm talking about when I was like 12, once you reach an ace for some responsibility, say 18, you're career's over because you can't make money doing it. You can't do it in a adult life. Here's the thankful to still be able to do this for living. This is what I love doing more than anything. And I would do it for free. Like any day of the week. Living the dream, I'm not talking about financial success. I'm talking about loving what you do. If you love art and you do art and maybe you get a little bit of success at it, you're living the dream.

=== FILE: Stephen Hawking - Motivation [CJx5zMGos44].txt ===

I have not allowed my disability to stop me doing most things. At the age of 21, I was told I had an irrevocable disease that would kill me in two or three years. My model is there or no boundaries. So remember to look at the stars and not down at your feet. Here's a guy who cannot walk, who cannot speak, who cannot move independently. And yet somehow he still found a way. I feel a sense of achievement that I have managed to make these contributions despite having a OS. In my life, I have sought to understand the universe and find answers to these questions. I have been very lucky that my disability has not been a serious handicap. Indeed, it has probably given me more times than most people to pursue the quest for knowledge. The ultimate goal is a complete theory of the universe and we are making good progress. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.

=== FILE: TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR LIFE NOW - Motivational Video [5x-M1mtNKAs].txt ===

I just was sitting up here thinking, I haven't lived, I haven't lived. I think the only reason that you're listening to me right now, the only reason that you're watching this webinar, that there's somewhere in your heart of hearts that you've said, as you look at your life, you said, I've had it. And I don't only have you said I've had it, but you said also in your heart of hearts, I can do better than this. It has been said that most people fail in life, not because they aimed to hide this. No, most people fail in life because they're just like I was for 14 years. They aim to low and hip and many never aim at all. I refuse to die, an unlive life. I refuse to die, an unlive life. If there's ever time that we need to begin to stop and fake and assess ourselves, that time is now. I've been working hard all my life, paying bills and taking care of my children and my children and God, and I've just been thinking, I haven't done anything. Because if I die right now, I would be mad. My goal and objective is to die young at an old age, because if you don't have a goal for being here being here is not a given. Most people don't make 60. Most people don't. People just take it for granted that they're going to be here. I want you to say to yourself, it's possible. It's possible. And I want you to follow along with this process. What's your plan? What's your goal? Many people die age 25 and don't get there at another 65. How's this affecting me? You know, we want to all become successful. But I've found that there's some success that's toxic success. You don't want to end up going after goals and dreams and neglect yourself. I want you to think about your goals and dreams and things that you want to achieve. And at the top of the list, I want you to put up there. You'll strateg you for being here. That's the most difficult thing that I've ever done in my entire life. To believe that I have the ability to live alive that I'm not living. I refuse to die an unlive life.

=== FILE: THE GAME - Paul Pierce - Basketball Motivation [NdcG9D0hwm8].txt ===

Man, the first time I ran through the NBA tunnel, man, it was just like chills. It was like that first time you run through the tunnel, you are on that court and it's for real, and it's gonna count. That's when you really fight the same man, I made it. You know, I played a lot of years in this game, I've given this game all I've had. Oh, my life. And just like any difficult decision that you've ever got to make in your life, I think you really got to be a piece of yourself to make a decision like this. I realize it that it's time to move on from a game of basketball. It's up to decision that I have to make in my life, but this is it. My final season. I think I've had a illustrious career on very satisfied with the work that I've been able to do over the past 18 years. And I realize that you can't play forever. You know, I've noticed this a young man's game, and as I get older, not being able to be as efficient as a lot of things I do. You know, the signs, you know, they're there. You know, you can't reach the goals that you, you know, put out there for yourself, like he's done in the past. And it gets harder as you get older and the players get better. And I feel like I have one more opportunity on the great team and something to give on and off the court. I just know what type of people these guys are. And I feel like they want to win a championship. We want to win a championship. I feel like all the pieces are there. This opportunity may never come about again having this type of talent. I see it. I think they see it and I think, you know, they're more hungry than ever. On the personal level, you know, knowing that this is the last time I'll suit up in the NBA uniform. I'm going to have, you know, more fun than ever. I'm going to enjoy the ride. I'm going to enjoy the bus rides. I'm going to enjoy the playing rides. I'm going to enjoy practice every day. And I'm going to just enjoy the camaraderie one last time. Now I've been in the NBA 18 years, but I've been playing with basketball for like 30 years. You know, and that's, it's hard to walk away from that. But, you know, like most homes, you get that 30 year mortgage. You know, I've paid it off. So it's time to ride into the sunset.

=== FILE: THE PATH - Motivational video [UKgrY_9mWnk].txt ===

In the middle of the road of my life I walk in a dark wood where the true way was holy last. How do you know that you're on your path because of disappears? That's how you know. How do you know that you're really doing something radical because you don't you can't see where you're going. That's how you know. But everything you have a land-ton for your identity, a scar. And so you are going to enter the black contemplative splendor of self-doubt at the same time as you're setting out on this radical new path. And then you see if you can put this across people suddenly say, wow, amazing. So here are some of the steps along the path and the amazing thing is is that the steps are very precise. Being to me means seeing the greatness and the uniqueness in you and never letting anybody else convince you to the country. When people ask me, come on, you're always talking about being up and you're always positive and so on. You mean to tell me that you're always that way? This is really him. And it isn't because I'm out there doing something in an artificial way. It's an authentic response to my haven having gotten the junk out of me. And the junk is the way that I used to think, the way that I used to think. Lucky Fuller, who I served with in the Hunger Project at Viseric Council for nine years, who died not to long ago, said that 99 percent of who you are, you can't touch, you can't see, you can't smile. 99 percent of you is untouchable and smellable and visible. It is what Ken Kai's has called your conscious awareness. It's what looks out behind those eyeballs. Now, if 99 percent of who you are, you can't touch and you can't feel and you can't smile, then where is it? Who is it? Where are you? What is this thing called your essence or who you are? And where does it go? Who I am has been in many, many bodies already. And that essence, you see everything on our planet that is alive can never die. It can never die. Life doesn't die. It just transforms. It just moves on to new places, new ways to be, new ways to be. And the way of being that is the most transcendent of all is this way that comes from seeing yourself as love and only having that to give away, only having that to give away. But what you do put out in the world is exactly what's coming back to you. And if you find things coming back to you that you don't like and don't understand, don't ask yourself why these things are coming to you, ask yourself what you're doing to make them come back to you. And when you start putting the responsibility on yourself, you start seeing dramatic changes, dramatic changes. New way of being instead of ethics instead of rules, ethics, a new another new way of being instead of looking all your life for achievements and external things, trying living your life knowledge for the sake of knowledge instead of you. For the sake of knowledge being in a context in which you don't have to collect a lot of merit badges. You don't have to collect a lot of awards and other people's value judgment. That you go to school, you go out into the world and you read whatever you do because it makes sense to you, not because of what somebody else is going to put on a transcript or where you're going to appear in a class list. We need to help our children understand and value the importance of knowledge for the sake of knowledge and doing things that make sense rather than taking the easy way. And I think there's something really significant in that that you don't have to get it all planned out and follow a certain pattern and do it a certain way. If you just sort of trust your inner instincts and go with that and live each moment, the goal stuff will all take care of yourself. And if you're sacrificing and pushing your life aside and suffering on your way to trying to get some place, you'll never get there. It will always elude you because once you get there, you'll just have to upgrade it and that's because that's all you'll know. Nowness is that purest form of sanity living in this moment and enjoying it and all the rest of it will sort of work into a way out. No, that's what Shakespeare said. No, that's what you're self. The more you know yourself, the more you become honest with yourself, honesty becomes just a way of life. No, I don't think the world necessarily does but you can't run your world. You can't run your world based upon what the rest of the people in the world want or don't want. To me honesty is like it's a karma that goes out into the world. How people treat you in the world is their karma. How you react is your and what? When you react to it with dishonesty, that's what you're putting out into the world, dishonesty. And when you put dishonesty out into the world, that's what's going to come back to you because what goes out is what comes back. That all the way as you so so shall you read. I mean, it's in every great institution that there is in the world, whether it's a religion or a philosophy or whatever, what you put out is what comes back. Whatever you plant is what you're going to get back. And the more that you put out honesty, just because it's what you are because you are being honesty. You're not trying to be honest. You are just being honesty. Then that's what will come back to you when it doesn't. You'll just see that as another test for your past. It means that you can find joy in every moment that you have in your life instead of because always looking forward. It means that while you are driving along the countryside, and seeing instead of saying, this is I'm on my way to this point that you can open your eyes and see it with no eyes. See the rolling moments. See the grass. See the deer. See the sky. See you can just stop wherever you are in the second. Wherever you are, and just look around you. And you can begin to appreciate just your and your surroundings and your environment. Then you can begin to appreciate the people that are in your life. And even the ones that are negative and you're having the most difficulty with. You can practice a new way of being with them, which is sending them love, sending them flowers, sending them books, sending them tapes, sending them something. And just see what kind of reaction that you get. Super emotional health is just an attitude that attitude is everything. Forgiveness is the vital ingredient on the path of enlightenment. And if you don't know how to do it, then practice sending out love. Take the person or the people that you're having conflict with. Any place in your life send them something. You don't have to even do it physically. Just send them something that comes from inside. And what's inside is how you choose to take. And if you can make that love and do that, and that is to me the test. Not whether you can love someone when they smell good. When they do everything that you're supposed. But whether you can love someone who has sent you hate or anguish in your life and send it back. You don't have to forget. You don't have to go back. But you gotta get it out of you because it is blocking you and holding you back. They are independent of the good opinion of other people. Of the good opinion of them. Independent of them. They're so busy. Advancing confidently, doing the things that make sense. And bringing success to changing their babies diaper. And bringing success to feeding their garden. And bringing it to the job. They bring it on the airplane so that when they run into somebody who is who is rude to them. A stewardess that is rude, they don't see it as an attack on them. It's just where they are and they send them love. That's when you start coming back to your situation. That's when that's what enlighten when it is. That's what that's the pathway to enlightenment. When you send out that stuff that is destroying you is killing you and one way or another. And you move yourself back over here. And eventually you get yourself all the way back. This is the light over here. This is the place where you can't go back.

=== FILE: THE POWER WITHIN - Motivational video [5NHLZyD0jjM].txt ===

When you have butterflies and you're feeling anxious and you have anxiety or nervous, that's when you're most powerful, I believe. A lot of people, instead of homing this power and using it, they allow it to just consume them. A big challenge, or a big pressure, is like a fire, it's like a raging fire, either you can allow this fire to consume you and just take it off completely, or you can gain control of this fire and harness it. I try to get my emotions under control and use this adrenaline to my advantage. Feel you full, will you give it? Will you rise above and off? And I'm least sure a big idea to get some work. All you can do is all you can do. So you gotta prepare to win. The first few plays are critical. You gotta feed him hard and show him who's balls. You see somebody's going quit, you or he'll. And you gotta look for every weakness. See what he starts, sweat and hard. You know you got him on the run, hit him hard, knock him out with shock him up. Hit him hard, knock him out. Can we shock him up? Hit him hard, knock him out, and we shock him up. Will you be heavily distracted? But we all have, use it, share it. That's what counts. When you have butterflies and you're feeling anxious and you have anxiety or nervous, that's when you're most powerful, I believe. A lot of people, instead of homing this power and using it, they allow it to just consume them. A big challenge, a big pressure, is like a fire, it's like a raging fire. Either you can allow this fire to consume you and just take your off completely or you can gain control of this fire and harness it. I try to get my emotions under control and use this adrenaline to my advantage. Keep a winning, it's not talent, it's not looks, it's not degrees. I believe the key to winning is being the best you can possibly be. I believe if you're proud of your abilities and you're opportunity to look in the mirror and you say that guy's supposed to win, you know, he's supposed to be somebody. Oh, and you go out there and you go find. All you can do is all you can do. They ain't nothing more than all you can do. There's an absolute maximum. You can't do no more than all you can do, you understand that. All you can do is all you can do. All you can do is everything. That's absolute ultimate. Right? All you can do is all you can do. But all you can do is enough. And you be the best you can be. You're going to have a lot of defeats along the way. If there's going to be so many situations, it looks so hopeless. But if you just keep being the best you can be, it's going to look in passport time. Just keep being the best you can be. All you can do is all you can do. But all you can do is enough. The major key to your reaching your dream, you're living up to your greatness, you're making your contribution is you. Know that you are capable of all of the growth that will be expected of you. And then you expect from yourself. You will tackle every challenge headed your way. And if you don't, it won't be for lack of trying. So find something important to you. Find something that you love. You already have inside of you all of the amazing things you need to follow the dreams that you have. You know within yourself that there's something you want to do and I believe that all of us with born with a purpose. And all of us have something that we are supposed to do. And all of us have some goodness within us and that goodness gives us a responsibility. To manifest our greatness. And when you know that you can feel it in your guts and you know that you are deliberately operating below your potential you got you comfortable. But it was challenging and I did it. Repeat after me please. Know how bad it is. Or how bad it gets. I'm going to make it. It's possible. I can have my dream. I can get what I want. I must be created. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want.

=== FILE: TIME - Motivational Video [NUBuyE-EAIA].txt ===

It's time to break out and play a bigger game. I want to leave this with you. My mother used to love this. I dedicate this to you and the dreamer in you. Lastly, say that thing for me more than makes me feel good. It says simply this. If you want to think bad enough to go on fight for it, to work day and night for it, to give up your time, your peace and your sleep for it. If all that you dream and scheme is about it, and life seems useless and worthless without it, and if you gladly sweat for it and fret for it and plan for it, and lose on your terror of the opposition for it, and if you simply go after that thing that you want, all of your capacity, strengthens the gas at it. Faith, hope, and confidence and stern pertinacity. If neither cold, poverty, family, and family should go, sickness and pain of body and brain can keep your way for the thing that you want. Dog and in grip, you can see it and set it. You're getting me. Have somebody in your life develop a relationship with someone who can see what you can't see. And the reason that most of us can't see our greatest is because you can't see the picture when you're in the frame. You need somebody with you. You need an Angela Dundee who's in the corner of a homerole who said, I'm the greatest, but every bulb that he wanted championship, Angela Dundee was in his corner. Michael Jordan was called one of the greatest basketball players of all time, but he never wanted championship until Phil Jackson showed up. There's some people that can pull some stuff out of you that you cannot pull out of yourself. This is why I had lived in what I've learned and how the way in which you can access your greatness and what I realized it and information won't do information on that. Music So the ideal situation for a man or woman to die, that family members, freeing with her, as they cost them. He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed, standing around your bed, the ghost of the dreams, the ideas, the abilities, the talents given to you by life, but you for whatever reason you never pursue those dreams. You never acted on those ideas. You never used those gifts. We never heard your voice and that they are standing around your bed looking at you. With large angry eyes saying, we came to you, no, no, you could have given us life. But now we must die with you forever. And the question is, if you die today, what dreams, what ideas, what gifts, what talents, what books, what voice, what stories will die with you? It's starting to for you to hear this oil in a growl. It's not in South Africa where they're diamond minds. It's at the wealthiest place on the planet. It's the cemetery. There you find potential never realized. There you find dreams that never become a reality. There you find voices of leadership at the world never heard from. What if you live your whole life, only to discover that it was wrong? And it was wrong. If you live your whole life, plain small. I've gone ahead so much more in store. If you maybe that's why I hundred-day withdrawals it, oh God, to reach the point of death, only to realize that you've never lived. Had you never scraped the surface of your potential? I know you've done things that you feel good about that you're proud of, but I can tell you you have so much more in you. You have so much more in you than you can ever begin to imagine. I'm gonna man the way that he is, the only becomes worse. But look at him if he were, what he could be, then he becomes what he should be. Who are you? What do you have? And why should I care? Can do better? All of us can have more. All of us can create more and leave him off. We don't get paid by the hour. We get paid for the value we bring to the hour. It's a what he did was he held himself accountable and he made a decision to do something different with his life. When you're ready to change your life, 99 and a half won't you? In order to reach those living dreams, you gotta make a radical change in who you are. If you do what is easy, that's coming up with excuses giving yourself a pass. If you do what is easy, your life will be hard. But if you do what is hard, your life will be easy. People that are hungry are willing to do the things today, others won't do. In order to have the things tomorrow, others will be wrong. You're hungry? But you like this. Something in you that says I want to play a bigger game. There's something in you that says there's got to be more. There's something in each and every one of you that waits and listens to the voice of the genuine in yourself. It will be perhaps they only guide you will ever have. And if you cannot hear it, all of your life, your days will be spent on the ends of strings that somebody else pulls. And the reason that you're here is because you are going to pull your own strings. The reason that you're here, there's something about you that knows this is not it for me. I want to play a bigger game. The reason that you're here is because you are not willing to settle. The reason that you're here, that being in this energy and around people that are pursuing their greatness, to have something special, you have greatness within it. You have to have a mindset that I'm going to access my greatness and that's why you're here. What about Wilson said his father said to him, why not you? Why not you? You should be successful. People are going to be successful. Somebody will wait in the circle. Why not you? And I said you, there are people who have lost their job. Who've got behind on their bills, who are going through their embarrassment and the shame of bankruptcy and foreclosure and yet and still they did not give up. They kept on fighting to get back to the top and they did. Why not you? There are people that adopt a look down on them and said, you are terminally you. You guys three, three months to live and here's later. They're still here. Why not you? There are people who adopt everything who have been down on their walk and put in a few times to roll together with getting still faith in the law. There are circumstances in the situation of where they work to decide their future and they fall for the house. Why not you? Why not you? Life, everything to all of us is a super goal. Somebody is going to win. Why not you? Why not you? Live from your dream. Why not you? Besides, that I'm going to control my destiny. Why not you? Besides, I'm going to leave a legacy rubber that I'm doing. You. Why not you? Besides, I'm going to make my life now. Why not you? There is each thing that's hit the world you're last. Just one day it will. I believe as we look at ourselves and look at our gifts and look at our dreams that we have a gift. We have something we have gifts that things that we are supposed to do. And as we begin to look at ourselves and look into the future, look at where we are right now. That's great for your legacy being. Who's life will you touch? Who's life will you change? A few can touch the magic strain and famous proud to win them. Alas for those that never sing, but die for their music in them. And last for those that never sing, but die with their music still in them.

=== FILE: The Best Ever - Motivational Video [4OOzK6_ADUg].txt ===

I keep my eyes on the cross. You want to be always pushing beyond what you're comfortable with. Don't wait to be asked because nobody's going to ask you. And don't wait for the perfect conditions because they'll never be perfect. Did nobody get in there and put the gloves on for you. If nobody got in there on that road and run miles and miles for me, nobody took the broken ribs. Nobody took the bloody nose. I did it all. I've dedicated myself to my craft and I bust my hands. There's never personal for me. There's always business. And you just have to take the plan. I never overlook no one. I train for every fighter the same way. I push myself. I believe in my skills and I believe in my talent. There's always a way if you're committed. Just gotta keep changing your brunt. You got fighters. Then maybe faster than me. You got fighters. You may hit already. But you don't have no fighting that can make adjustments like me. You don't have fighters that can be on my level mentally. There's never personal for me. There's always business. You get to where you're trying to get to. I stand focus. Stand on a parallel path. My thing is this. I keep my eyes on a prize. I never focus on things outside of me. My focus is the guy that's in front of me. I always had a dream. And my dream was to be the best. No matter when I have this. When it comes down to boxing, I'm the best at this. Right now, if you believe you're the best in the world. I'll tell them they're best in the world. I'll tell them they're best in the world.

=== FILE: The Dignity of Being Human - MOTIVATION [_oTpSrpxXcg].txt ===

All life forms strive to the max of its potential acceptulidings. All life forms strive to the max of its potential acceptulidings. How tall will a tree grow? This tall is it possible to can? You never heard of a tree growing half as high as it could. No, trees don't grow half. A tree drives it through to the deepest it can. Reaches as high as it can produces every leaf it can to every fruit to possibly can. To the max, every life form strive to the max acceptulidings. Now why not human beings? Just jot this down. You've been given the dignity of choice. You're not a robot. You don't have to repeat this year the same as last year. You can tear up last year's plan to develop a new plan. So the dignity of being a human being. Now here's the choice on being a human being. To be part of all we were meant to be or to be all to strive for all or half or part or some. The choices up to you. Life is not just the passing of time. Life is not just the passing of time. Life is a collection of experiences. Their frequency. Their intensity. Life is not just watching the clock take away. Life is a collection of experiences. Their intensity and frequency. When should you start the day? As soon as you have it finished. Plan the day the best you can. Leaving plenty of room for improvising and surprises and all the stuff that happens during the course of the day. But if you've planned a good productive day, now you start that day. You can't believe how much more valuable your time will be. Don't start the day until you have it finished. Now here's the next one. Don't start the week until you've had it finished. Not a layout of week is a pretty good challenge. Next don't start the month until you have it finished. The places to go and the people to see and the productivity and the sales and the customers and the development and all the rest of what you want to accomplish during the course of 30 days. Don't start the month until it's finished. And then here's the big one. This is really challenging. Don't start the year until you have it finished. To the best of your ability, you can't be finished like minute by minute. And it might get all upset. It might get torn up and you do a new one. You make so much progress the first 90 days that now you've got you've multiplied it all by 2 by 3. Because that happened to me. I thought, wow, yours happened. This is going to be a great year. But the time I'd finished the third month, I'm rolling. I'm so sorry. So many things are happening. I revised my whole years. I got better. I got better day by day and week by week and month by month. And I'm asking you to do the same thing until you can develop a long arm and a long reach until you can develop influence like won't quit. Touch people. Next year you couldn't touch this year. Touch people now. You couldn't touch before. And that's the meeting now. You couldn't conduct people. I've been sold now. Mixed in there. The wasn't there. Missing people. I'm asking all of you to get better. In spite of the winter, in spite of the downturn. The money downturn, the social downturn, the personal downturn, whatever it is. Just get stronger. Get better. I'm asking you to drive worry into a small corner. You've got to worry, some. All this negative stuff serves some purpose. But the key is for you to be the master not the servant. Here's what I'm asking you to do. You'd be the master of worry. Drive it into a small corner. Don't let it loose. And I'm asking you to go home with some new faith and some new courage. I'm asking you don't worry. Drive it into a small corner. We've all got concerns. And sometimes we all wonder. And sometimes there's a little crack of doubt. We worry a little. I'm telling you, drive it into a small corner. Drive your worries into a small corner. And in the ease of the mind, you've got to do battle with in the summer. One is pessimism. The tries to get you only to see the negative side. Of course, there's the negative side. Life is part negative. What else is new? If the glass is half empty, it is half empty. You say, well, I've been only taught to see that it's half full. Well, sure it's half full. But it's also, F-M-K. I mean, can't you handle that? I mean, no, that's not difficult. But here's what pessimism would try to get you to do. Believe that it's only half empty. And when pessimism comes to your mind, you've got to educate pessimism because pessimism is stupid. Pessiveness implies to get you to believe that it's only half empty. Of course, it's half empty, but it's not only half empty. It's also half full. I'm asking you to be in charge. Be in charge of your own mind. Be in charge of your own destiny. Do battle with your enemy. Do battle with your enemies. Take sword to your enemies. Whatever's going to destroy those values, take sword to it. If it's more retakes sword to it. If it's threatened, better. Take your harvest. And all the cons you're away with full response to the word. Don't complain. That fourth season, complaining. Telling you could ruin all of the chances. Complaining sometimes starts as an infection. If you don't take care of it, it becomes a disease. Do battle with it. In the harvest time, reap your harvest without complaint. It's your crop you've sold it. You either made the calls or didn't make the calls. You wrote the letters. You didn't write the letters. You were steady or you weren't steady. You did it or you didn't do it. You put together a good day or you didn't put together a good day. Take responsibility when the harvest time finally comes and say, Hey, it's my crop. Got to take responsibility for it. I do not complain. My masking you to be touched with the smallest of people's challenges. Don't just be touched with the challenge. I'm asking you to be touched with the problem. Let people's problems get to you. Let people's problems touch your heart this year like never before. Be touched. Let life touching. Don't let it kill you. Let it touch you. The problems are out there. People struggling with their economy. They're struggling with their health. Stuggling with their future. I'm asking you to let that get around your heart. Let it do something to you. Don't go on touch. Don't go on move. When you walk out of here, open yourself up. Don't build up the walls. The same world that keeps out disappointments. It keeps out happiness and opportunity. Take the walls there. Let yourself be touched by what's going on up there. Let sad things make peace. As well as happy things make you happy. Let your heart get touched. What a next year you could have. If you pay more attention this year, soak it up, gather it up, and reflect it certain times. What's going on and what's happening. And this year we'll take a more powerful place in your experience. People will not believe the words you've chosen. They will not believe them heart and soul that you've mixed with words. They will believe the power you've got. We've got this extraordinary opportunity now. Let us not keep it. Let us share it. Let us reach out for the long reach. Strong reach and unprecedented reach. Let us reach out and touch people not just before our opportunity. Let's touch people with our lives. Let's touch people with our experiences. Let's touch people with our heart and soul. But here's what I did. I worked around the clock around the clock. So that I would make up in numbers what I lacked in skill. When you're new, you make up in numbers what you lacked in skill. Now when you become more skillful, the numbers can go down. But at first, if you want to compete, or if you want to really get good, you've got to put in the numbers. I'll tell you what's really going to serve you well. And that's the excitement you feel inside. It isn't even probably expressed on the outside. The excitement that runs deep. The excitement that stirs commitment. The excitement that stirs courage. Give me the chance and I will get the job done. That kind of excitement.

=== FILE: The Story Of Quentin Tarantino - Motivational Video For Filmmakers [Bi0yhBW040s].txt ===

I ended up working for like three years on this movie and this was going to be my feature and I was like I was financing it from working at a video store. I would like get like $200 or so and then we go off and shoot for the weekend and that new would run out of money and then I would like go back to work again and then like eventually I would just keep piecing it together. So I didn't have I had so less so little money that I couldn't even process this footage. After like about three years I ended up like starting processing some of the footage and starting seeing exactly what I had. There were good things about it. All right you know I mean you could tell I made people who knew me could look at well that's a quick way. Yeah that's so that has my experience. You had that. It has my day one. Yeah. It was like this was going to be the thing that like set me up. All right and I'd work three years on it and I was able to look at it in a realistic way after being horribly depressed for a little bit. But only a short little bit was the fact that well this was my film school. All right and this was the best film school a person could possibly. All right I actually went out and actually tried to make a feature film. Do you think one of my strongest, one of my strengths is my stories help me. Because I actually can come committing to telling a story. If there's one thing that I've done that I'm like the proudest of of everything. All right is the fact that people talk about wow you've had such success and it's just been so overnight and whatever. Well whatever success I've got has come after like eight years of just nothing working out. You think it's still possible for a upcoming film maker to go the route you guys won still be successful. Make Reservoir Dogs. That's the toughest. Actually I'm not even being as smart as that was a f***ing kick ass movie all right you make a goddamn kick ass movie and you can take it all over the f***ing planet earth not America not f***ing Los Angeles It's not New York the planet f***ing earth and everyone will know it. Being an I'm a forget about being a director. Forget about being an actor. To me the greatest job a person could ever have would be an usher at a movie theater. You know you get to go to a movie theater all day long and then you get to see all the movies for free. I never set up a situation I never set up a fallback situation because I didn't want a fallback you know I wanted him to have to keep eating at it.

=== FILE: This Life Advice Will Change Your Future (MUST WATCH) [rD89m-LTbDM].txt ===

Music A definite purpose must be accompanied by a definite plan for entertainment followed by a appropriate action. Now you have to have a purpose, you have to have a plan and you have to start putting that plan into action. And ladies and gentlemen, it's not too important that you're plan B sound. It is not too important because if you find that you've adopted a plan that's not sound, it's not working, you've always changed. You can modify your plan. But it is very important that you be definite about what it is you're going after, what your purpose is. That must be very definite. Music If you want the mind to pick up an idea and to form a habit, show that the mind will automatically act upon that idea, you've got to tell a mind what you want over and over and over again. No end to it. Any dominating desire plan or purpose which is backed by the state of mind known as state is taken over from the subconscious section of the mind and act upon immediately. I don't know for sure ladies and gentlemen, but I suspect that there's a relatively small number of people in the world that you one time who understand the principle of faith. Who really understands it and know how to apply. And even if you do understand it, if you don't back it up with action and make it a part of your habit life, you might just as well not understand. Because faith without these is death. Faith without action is dead. Faith without absolute positive belief is dead. I don't know how you're going to get in a result through believing unless you put some action back of that belief. The incidentally if you tell your mind often enough that you have faith in anything, time will come when your subconscious mind will accept that. Even if you tell your mind often enough that you have faith in yourself. As you ever thought about my thing, if the belief you had such complete faith in yourself, that you wouldn't hesitate to underthink anything you want to do in life. Have you ever thought about what a benefit that would be to you? If you would sit down and put the other hour by hour, account of the actual work you put in each day for one week and then an hour by hour count of the time that you wasted, you could devote to anything you want to do if you want to do. Bad enough. You're going to get one of the shocks of your life. We're not efficient. You don't have three hours to sleep, but eight hours to earn a living, and then have eight hours of free time. But you can do anything that you want to do with here in this country where we live. And then deathlessness of purpose makes one more alert in recognizing opportunities related to the object of one's major purpose. And it inspires the courage to embrace and act upon those opportunities. Now, we all see opportunities all of the day of our lives, which if we embrace them and act upon them, could benefit us. But there's something in this that we call procrastination. We just don't have the will of the alertness, the determination to embrace opportunities when they come along. But if you condition your mind with this philosophy, you'll not only embrace opportunities, but you do something better. What could you do better than embrace an opportunity? Make the opportunity. That's the idea. Success is something which has to be planned, and success is something which has to be earned in advance. True, there is such a thing as luck, but just remember that luck is something you can create for yourself if you know the rules and follow them just as I give them to you. And the best definition of success which I know is this. Success is the knowledge which to get whatever you want from life without violence. Without violating the rights of others and by helping others to acquire it. The very minute, you decide if something you know that's what you want, you know you're going to do it. All of these negatives that have been bothering you, they pick up their baggage and get out. And just move out, they can't live in the positive man. And you'll imagine a negative, a free reminder of a positive, free reminder of occupying the same space at the same time. Could you imagine that? No, you can. Because it can't be done. Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve. Isn't that a profound statement? You'll notice that it says nothing about the need for education, but simply that whatever your mind can conceive and believe your mind can achieve. Now, if you want evidence that the mind can achieve whatever the mind can conceive without the benefit of formal education, you all have to remember the Thomas A. Edison and see the idea of becoming an inventor. And it'll live to become the world's greatest scientists in the field of invention, with only three months of common school education. You have to move with courage, with faith, with determination, in connection with carrying out for evidence and for. Nothing works the first time. When you try something, you'll probably won't work. When you try something new several times, it probably won't work. And the turning point in my life came when I would hear good ideas, and I was so eager to be successful and selling. I would run out and try the ideas they wouldn't work. I'd try a way of getting an appointment or answering an objection or closing a sale. It would work. My natural response to, and I think, just to be disappointed, and then I realized nothing works at least the first few times. So I decided I would try a new idea five or ten times before I passed judgment. I would not just try it once in quick, like most people do, and that changed my whole life. It was a turning point in my life because I realized from then on, if you've got a good idea and you've got a good goal, and you want to double your income and improve the quality of your life, and you have to try new things in order to get new results. It's not going to work the first time, since I, well, if I didn't work, try something else and try something else and try something else. Now, if you try, only two things can happen. What are they? Success either fail. If you succeed, you do more of it. If you fail, you learn from it, get smarter, and try to get so you cannot lose by taking action. You can only lose by not taking action. Thank you.

=== FILE: UNCHAINED - Motivational video [xCCTWbDEDj4].txt ===

People ask me why do I succeed? I succeed because I am willing to do the things you are not. I will fight against the odds, I will sacrifice, I am not shackled by fear, insecurity, without. I feel those emotions, drink them in that swallow the remaining to the blackness of hell. I am motivated by a culture, not pride, I choose to be. Choose their heart for within, if I fall and I will get up. If I be, and I will be mature, I will never stop getting better, I will never give up. Ever, that is why I succeed. Knowing what to do is very different than doing what you know. Putting you in a position where day and night you are thinking about this stuff and it starts to malignate, it starts to connect. Because as your brain gets overloaded, the beauty of that is your conscious mind kind of disappears a little bit. Your unconscious starts to take over and that's the part of your brain. To make your heart need a hundred thousand times a day without you having to think about it. And the great thing about them is we didn't know, we didn't know it was impossible. That's very helpful thing not to know just what they are doing. But if you start to succeed, so no you are a minor in your life cycle, and so you start to succeed now, you have got something to lose. And now you know, an implement same level, you got something to maintain and that's something to hang on to. And so you have to be cautious about that. The way you deal with crisis is number one thing you should do is feed your mind. And you're doing that. Get yourself new answers. The more yourself new environments get new voices. Have new perspectives. Ask a new question. That's the be a level of motion level hunger and you that makes you go fall through. There's got to be a level of energy in you that when you go share with people, you're able to influence some of the fall through. What I'm waiting again is that the single most important skill of life gets the word that all the years have. Infrared. You're creative enough if you're playful enough if you're determined enough if you're focusing enough. You can find a way if you're giving enough if you're generous enough if you're honest enough if you're creative enough. You won't get people to help you who will find the way you will make that thing happen. So if you build an influence in motion. Because that's what effects are into it. We've got to get ourselves into the emotions we're going to move us to action. We've got to do that ongoing because otherwise all this stuff you wrote down will die. Give a die in your head.

=== FILE: Urgency - Motivational video [yYx-1nrDpHg].txt ===

You've got to develop a sense of urgency. He said, tonight we were exposed for what we are right now. It means that what I did didn't work tonight! And I've got to separate what I do from who I am. Don't get caught up in, well I've tried it for five times in things in workout. If there's something that you want and you have home report, you've got to do whatever is necessary until. And when you give the best you can and that's not enough, you must do what is required. Most of us go to our graves, still holding on! Rather than releasing it, what are some of those things that keep us from releasing it? Because of past experiences, past defeats, past pain. We look back, well it didn't work out then. You probably won't work out now. The most difficult thing it is is to hold the mission! It's to hold the mission! You want to be persistent among what it is that you want to achieve. What this power is I cannot say. All I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man or a woman is in that state of mind in which he or she knows exactly what he or she wants. And it's fully determined not to quit until they find it. And don't give up on yourself. Don't throw the towel in so quickly. Many people give up on the one-yard line. The life is not just that simple. It's not that cut and dry. And that's why most people never realize their personal greatness because they're casual about life. And when you are casual about life, you will end up for casualty. See the last chapter to your life has not been written yet and it doesn't matter about what happened yesterday. It doesn't matter about the things that you've done that you feel guilty about. If you wouldn't do it today, you're convicting and innocent person. You've been reborn to a new state of consciousness. And as I say, we knew better, we would do better. I decide, I'm unstoppable. I'm going to go up and hit. I'm going to do this better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one. Then have an opportunity and not be prepared. Start working and developing yourself. And prepare yourself. What it is that you want because you expect to get it. When you want something out of life, don't worry about how you're going to get it. How is none of your business? You've got to develop a sense of urgency. And we want to make a conscious, deliberate, determined effort to start living life with a sense of urgency and using what we've got. Using ourselves up, sharing what we brought into the universe to share because if we don't, nobody else will.

=== FILE: Usain Bolt - All This For 9.58 Seconds - Motivational Video [DWM3HlIw7d0].txt ===

Normally the first time when you stop continuously When you step on the focus, the biggest thing now Dude, what you say then, the first one And you say, you can follow and it will be the beauty you see but only the way you do, or the one you see A moment where if you come over the собирs I think that a lot of people just DIGEL SUBSCRIBE But before it gets to that point, it's hard to stack hard work. It's day and day out, it's sacrificed, day and day out. Just died this time when you run, then you just wanna stop you, I was gonna give up right there. There was this on us one of the home. The day we get up and you know what, you have a training today. You know, it's gonna be a ten-thead like a hot guy. I don't wanna go to that, but you gotta go. It's so hard and I'll be with all of them. You'll save both, spreading your head, waiting for a day or a night. My coat of arms is, in a couple of years, we're not gonna have any trap because you're gonna take out of it home. 9.6 9.4 you save both. This thing you're doing for yourself, you're not gonna find anybody else. Yes, you've found me supports you. Yes, you've found you supportive, but you're doing for yourself at the end of the day. And you're the only one who's going out here on a track. So you gotta motivate yourself and you gotta want to be smart. That's everybody else on the track. But I don't know what I'm capable of, but I know what I'm capable of. Oh, that's the lead! Why did they not march it? All by himself! I pressed the line, but, 19, 3, 1! You saved both, struck in the hundred, and now he's stuck again! I don't get scared, usually. When I, I may be doing powerful in training, but when I'm going out of track, it's like a train farm. The confidence that I'm not going to succeed, for my whole body, team care, I'm gonna catch the guy, so, I've got my mentality that I've got to go. I'm never scared anything, never scared anyone. So I've got business when I go out there, and everything comes together in our own way. The teams are both, the strength is our work. Listen, the work is behind the scenes. Competition is a easy part. Behind the scenes, the draw of the work is done. Everything is done to get to that one race that you need to work. People always say that, oh, you say, you make it look so easy. I'm like, it's not, it's just because behind the scenes, I do so much work. So, for me to get a chance to show the world, what I do, why I'm discreet, it makes me happy, so no, they're on this time that it wasn't really easy for me, it's just that I put the work in. Well, it's a fake enough. Well, the death is standing for four months, for a seven point one zero, a dude, four-year-old record. You don't know when you're going to get there. I think the key thing is to train hard, and you definitely need competition. You definitely need races and because I've learned over the years that training helps you. But you have to compete against other people, or if I ever tell the Billy Woppen, and make you know what you, what else you need to work on in training. I mean, just fake part of it, I always say, and I've always explained to people that, sounds away, but it has to get back to get better. You know what I mean? So when it's at your worst and you go, oh my god, you just saw that. Then the only way you can go now is how you know me, so you guys are like, sometimes my knees are like, never gonna make it, but only way you can go now. So all the afternoon now is figure out what to do and work on that and move upwards.

=== FILE: WE ARE THE UNDERDOGS - MOTIVATION [d6GG1Z0reMo].txt ===

I gotta say some before we get out of here. I gotta say some. Today's my 25th birthday for those who don't know. Now, I used to daydream to class on its side, and I had a teacher with Sheldon, don't know if I love you. She gave me a journal and on a covered at journal. It said, go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life that you've imagined. Now, that's the quote from an American author, Henry David Thuron. Now, I want everybody to take a look at the room right now, because if you don't know, we'd have underdogs. Straight out of the cop, then was my first taste of being the underdog. I had to audition for over two years to get my role. And a lot of people who work on the movie didn't want me to get it. But he wanted me to get it. That's really all that I need. The best advice I can hear you is being tenacious. Be aggressive. Don't be polite. If you polite, you'll be one of the many people standing in the line. You have to be a little pushy. You have to be prepared to say you're sorry that you were wrong or you possibly have made a mistake. But on the whole, you've got to go for it. You ain't never going to round the bases unless you swing it for me. You just have to want it so desperately that you can go without food. Then you're on your way. And so everybody, to all the underdogs, to everybody who's has somebody telling they can't do what they want to do. Family members even tell them they can't do what they want to do. The people who look in the mirror and when you look in the mirror, all you got is that one person I believe is in you. I'm here to tell you that's all you need, baby. So to the underdogs, I don't care what it is you do. I don't care if you act, I don't care what job you have. You've got a boss that's seen a dozen, seen a hundred, seen your type a thousand times. But let them know they ain't seen you yet, I'm out. And so are you looking for a new breakthroughs to practice and practice? You'll get better and better and better. You can always better your best. You can always go beyond anything that you have ever done. You never hit a state of perfection. You're always bigger than what you do. You'll get knocked down but you won't be knocked out. You'll get knocked down but you won't be knocked out.

=== FILE: WHAT ARE YOUR GOALS - Motivational Video [DNITe9snHqA].txt ===

What I like here to do right now, I want you to think about your dream, because I'm in a room full of dreamers. Think about your dream right now, want your dream about it, and envision it. Dreams without goals are just dream. I set up pretty high goals for myself. What am I going for the short-term? What am I going for the long-term? Make a list of 101 things you want to achieve before you die. I was sure this was someone I said, God, that just seems like a really big task. I'm going to save a while, and I'm going to have a time when I'm going to do that. We know that one of the things about high achievers they all have goals. Only 10% of Americans set goals every year. 10%. We also know the same 3% to 10% controlled 90% of the resources of the world. So literally without goals, you're a directionless. You won't be used. If people without goals get used by other people who have them, people that don't have goals work for people who do. And so you want to be someone who picks up and gets clear about what you want. Make a list of 101 goals. I want to go to Paris. I want to tie dive. I want to run G-Court jump. I want to play the guitar. I want to learn the jungle. I want to learn two magic tricks for the kids. I want to go to the Olympics and Beijing. Whatever it is, make the list. And you'll see there's a lot of stuff under there that you've kind of put down that you want, and you can have anything you want. I set pretty high goals for myself. They're usually higher than what I think most of the people said from me. And I'm very driven to achieve them. I'm a goal that oriented in the kids world. And I just am very driven to achieve those goals. You set goals because you want to achieve certain things in your life. Whether it's goal for me or whether it's buying a house for someone else or whether it's securing a good job or have a family or whatever it is. There's many different reasons why you set goals. I obviously have a lot of goals for my career and a lot of goals for my life as well. But I think it's important to set goals because it means you don't get complacent. You always have something to aim for. You can set results or entertain goals where it's a long term goal or you can set little short term goals to help you get to that long term goal. So instead of saying I want to win the masters, I'll say what will help me win the masters and what I need to improve to get there. I don't think it's enough just to love it and then just to do it and go out and win it. It's not that simple. You need to have structure goals. You need to tell yourself okay, what are my goals for the short term? What are my goals for the long term? Now that I accomplish almost everything, I'm going to post you go out and depend on course things. It's just pretty brief. It's to hit the ball and care, but this is not how you're going to win the masters because you come down to margins and you have to be so clear in your mind exactly what you want to do and what you want to achieve. And for me, it doesn't work without any goals, without any targets, I cannot compete properly. A lot of times my issues, people are not setting goals. That will be something that somebody who will become rich or is to do anything. You've got to be excited about working on that for 10 years. So you've got to have a big enough goal. You know, you attract the best people when you retain them and you keep them focused. Then my experience, you don't go wrong. You know, maybe you don't hit it next year or maybe you fail entirely and you discover something more exciting to work on with the same sort of people. I would say to continue to work hard and don't give up on your goals and I know for me, like I said, I grew up watching my family struggle and grew up with a family that was successful but not born successful and I believe with hard work and with a goal and love and positivity and eventually we're going to be fine. You know, you know, see limits. Because if you come from a space where you're actually ambitious, I don't think ambition is going to behave. I think it's part of the person's natural character. So I always no matter what I accomplish, you're going to see me back at your show saying, I think I got an idea I could make this work. You know, I'll always find a new goal set for myself and work towards a accomplishment because that's what really excites me. That's what makes me happy when it works. About time there's nothing around a support it. It's just me. And they ultimately grow disappointment. Those on the road to achievement cannot be achieved without discipline and consistency. Yes and need ladies and gentlemen, you absolutely must have those goals. What I like here do right now, I want you to think about your dream because I'm in a room full of dreams. Think about your dream right now, what you think about it and envision it. We are dreaming in the dark. We are nothing more than dust. Such what you say last. We are rich and for our discharge.

=== FILE: WHAT'S YOUR WHY - Best Motivational Video [xEwf8Nbk0R8].txt ===

If you want to live in your passion, whatever your passion is, you have to be willing to not make money at it. If you want to do what you love, you have to do what you love. You have a choice. You can choose money, or you can choose what you love. My parents and I'm sure most people's parents say, get a good job, try to make some money, make a good living. Because I think that's a cure if you make go and make money. If you do a job and you make money, lose that job, then you lose the money you have nothing. If you choose your passion, actually just a matter where you make money, you lose money because you're always going to have your passion be happy. So it doesn't actually matter. It's not your safety note. Right. But the challenge of that is that it might be eight years or four years before you're actually making a living at it. First it's a person, something else. And really when I wrote it, I thought nobody would read it. I thought nobody would read it, but I thought this story is so crazy. I just have to tell this story. But these things that seem you can spend all your time trying to engineer the perfect thing. And the truth is, we have no control. We just don't know what's going to work or what's not going to work. So we're here because we're in meeting where a little bit broken is something we until there we have it. So as you do it, you want to take in all the criticism that comes in and work on what you need to work on. So it's that don't take it personally. You have to have this filter inside that takes in all criticism not personally and not judge mentally. You take in the criticism you think is that true. We need to take the hard look at yourself. If it's true, you work to solve and change it. But it's not true. You just throw it out and move out. Enjoy the journey. Not the destination. A lot of us delay our happiness when I get to this level. When I get my degree, when I get the kids, when I get married, I'm going to be happy. Enjoy the journey. Enjoy the whole step. The whole process. Every day that you get up to strive for whatever it is you're after. You know, I'm a goal-oriented guy. Yeah. But you don't celebrate when you get to the finish last. Celebrate all along the way, somewhere, all along the way. How do I stay driven because I couldn't even comprehend the alternative? The biggest poison in us is regret. You won the ultimate lottery. And you're not driven and you're not fired up and you're not going for it. And you're willing to sit like a lump and just wait till you die. Success without fulfillment is the ultimate failure. If you're going to have an extraordinary life, one of the master skills for actually creating that life is mastering this. Mastering the ability to take what you envision and make it real. It's always worth it to do your best. And to believe in something and to work towards the attainment of the goal. And if it is, that you have to expand your vision. Then you climb higher and you do that and you don't be afraid to. I'm sitting between intellect and instinct. Intellect can describe it but only instinct can find. And from the premise of that ideology, I need to go back to all of my life and begin to see not only me but others. How if they position themselves between intellect and instinct and no flint to you to which one. That makes me think for this analogy. And I'm from the Middle Pursuit, the raising of the family. It is simply over there if you find me. I put in what it takes to withstand the pressure. Five hundred neighbors say you don't know what you're got. You don't know what you've got. And to all hell, great solutions. You don't know what you can take into the pressure in the pot. To your life. You don't know what you can endure. Intellect will until people start you in the back and walk away from you. You don't know how much courage to have until you've been on the fire. And I'm the struggle and I'm the trigger. You can learn what's in you sitting back in a lazy boy chair. Hit the remote control. Watch an A3O and cinema. But what all hell breaks through. That's when you get to see what you've got. Hope and creativity are two of the most important things in the world. To any creative person who's had a door slammed in their face. Or actors who have had their auditions cut off or waited for a call back that didn't come. Or anybody anywhere really that feels like giving up sometimes. But finds it in themselves to get up. Keep moving forward. I share this with you. Because the truth is if you want to be an anomaly, you've got to act with me. I run the climb. To the setback is exciting. I want something going wrong. It's what I shine in most. This is hard. Every day is hard. And if you don't have the stomach to weather this storm, you will not be successful. You've got to get me. We're really strong. We're just being so that we're not. Because there's a lot of money. A lot of money. And telling us that we're not pretty enough. Think enough. Smart enough. Good enough. That I want to tell you your best. If you really want to change your really stuck, I know nothing. I'm letting go of everything. And I'm sort of getting relearned as like a with a child like mine. Sort of being in touch with you and going where you want to go and not being afraid of Leave people behind is what's going to actually make you a leader. Just choose one thing to move toward. And then just go with the path. And you'll end up somewhere with you standing or trying to decide what to do. You'll still be here in a year, two years, three years, four years. Just choose something you kind of like and don't hate. Just start moving toward it. And you'll find that the course and path of life will bring you exactly where you're supposed to be. And you can make money doing anything. And the thing you'll make the most money on is the thing you like the most. Don't take it personally. Not just for pickup, but for life in general. Everyone's a jerk to you someday. And when someone's been asked, I'm a student in Bumps in Duen says, It's not about you. It's, you know, he's a jerk. If you have a day and you lose your job and you're girlfriend breaks up with you. And you crash your car. The world doesn't hate you. You just had a bad day. But if we don't physically make a decision how we're going to live, then we'll show up like everybody else because the human mind is not going to make you happy. This brain of yours won't do it. You have to direct it. And there's no worse fate than to achieve everything and not be fulfilled. The world doesn't hate you.

=== FILE: What Is Life - Inspirational Video [dT-A-Ede-Bc].txt ===

The amazing thing is that every atom in your body came from a star that exploded and the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics. You are all star dust. You couldn't be here, stars had exploded because the elements that carbon, nitrogen, oxygen iron, all the things that matter for evolution weren't created at the beginning of time. They've created the nuclear furnaces of stars and the only way they can get into your body is if the stars were kind enough to explode. We learned in the last 15 years that of course not only do we exist in this universe, it is the universe itself that exists within us. Looking up at the night sky and finding a sense of belonging. The most astounding fact is the knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth, the atoms that make up the human body are traceable to the crucible that cooked light elements into heavy elements in their core. Under extreme temperatures and pressures, these stars, the high mass ones, when unstable in their later years, they collapsed and then exploded, scattering. They're enriched guts across the galaxy. Guests made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condensed collapse form the next generation of solar systems, star earth and earth plants and those planets now have ingredients for life itself. So that when I look up at the night sky and I know that yes, we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important and both of those things is that the universe is in us. Many people feel small because they're small and the universe is big, but I feel big. Because my atoms came from those stars. The amazing thing is that every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. You are all star dust. You couldn't be here. The stars hadn't exploded.

=== FILE: Why Not You？ - Motivational video [Lo5Wb0nYMyk].txt ===

I wish there was no suffering. And it just comes with the job. Some of the greatest work comes from pain or some great work comes from love, from loss. It's like wanting to be the best at whatever you do. Never stop at you at the best. I don't believe in doing anything halfway. I believe in going all the way. So, you never stop. When you see hard times and you get knocked down, get back up. And if you keep putting everything you got into it and you keep getting back up when you get knocked down, it's almost impossible to fail. Push until it hurts. Or you want to be always pushing beyond what you're comfortable with. And you're sweating just a little bit all the time. And when that happens when you're constantly pushing beyond what you think what you know is possible. You're always sweating a little bit and you're always a little bit nervous. But that is the drug. And so when you're pushing like that and you're never really relaxed, then it always feels small. Anything you want, good. You can have. So, claim it. Work hard to get it. When you get it, reach back. Someone else up, aspire to make a difference. I found that nothing in life is worthwhile unless you take risks. Nothing. Nelson Mandela said, there is no passion to be found, playing small and settling for a life that's less than the one you're capable of living. To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did. Less browns and motivational speaking you made an analogy about this. It says imagine you're on your dead bed and standing around your dead bed are the ghosts representing your unfulfilled potential. The ghosts of the ideas you never acted on, the ghosts of the talents you didn't use and they're standing around your bed, angry, disappointed and upset. They say, we came to you because you could have brought us to life, they said. And now we have to go to the grave together. So I ask you today. How many ghosts are going to be around your bed when you're time comes? Live my life based upon what other people think about me. I can't consume myself too much or whatever people think. It's just not healthy. I don't think I could continue to do what I do if I was constantly worrying about what somebody thought about it. If you're going to be good at something, it does take a while. Just enjoy the game. You're going to get fed up. You're going to get this home and people are going to tell you you're useless. How do I work? But what I can say after about 15 or 20 years, I learn how to do something well. And I enjoy that, getting there as much as big as it. Now I'm sure in your experiences in school and applying the college and picking your major and deciding what you want to do with life, I'm sure people have told you to make sure you have something to fall back on, make sure you got something to fall back on honey. But I never understood that concept having something to fall back on. If I'm going to fall, I don't want to fall back on anything except my faith. I want to fall forward. I figured at least this way I'll see what I'm going to hit. Full of fall weight. This is what I mean. Reggie Jackson struck out 2600 times in his career the most in the history of baseball. But you don't hear about the strikeouts. People remember the home runs. As the teaching skills get better and better, that hitter needs to be able to adapt in a just. The best thing that ever happened to me, the best thing that ever happened to me is I hit rock bottom. By far the best thing that ever happened to me is hitting rock bottom. I think I think for men I have two boys and I'm going to be in pain when I witness these guys go through this. But I think the best thing that can happen to a man is a heartbreak, a very strong heartbreak, and a very big failure early on in business. And it happens to me early on in life, both heartbreak and business that happened early on, because I thought I knew it all. And it was a slap in the face to save soccer. It says the only thing I know is that I know nothing. If the greatest minds on their deathbed are same things like that what makes you when I think you know everything. If I'm going to fall, I don't want to fall back on you. It's up in my face. I want to fall forward. He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed and standing around your bed. The ghost of the ideas, the dreams, the abilities, the talents, given to you by life and that you for whatever reason you never acted on those ideas, you never pursued that dream, you never used those talents, we never saw your leadership, you never used your lies, you never wrote that book and there they asked, standing around your bed, looking at you, but large hangar-y eyes said, we came to you, and only you could have given us life. And now we must die with you forever. I'm not going to fall back on you. So it's not how much you have. It's what you do with watching path and we all have different ways. Some money, some laws, some pages, some of you that are coming to touch people, but we all have, use it, share it. That's what counts. And the question is, if you die today, what ideas, what dreams, what abilities, what talents, what gifts, what die with you. So, what do you think about this? That's the question when you're thinking, why not you? And answer it. I'm not just doing this motivational video. Why not you? Why shouldn't you win? No, no, forget motivational. Why not you? Actually answer that. Why can't you be somebody that can do something in your business that's never been done before? Why not you? Answer it. So give the argument, logically. Here's why not me, because I don't work hard enough. You can fix that. Stop being lazy. Well, whatever, but because I'm not that good at self. You can learn sales. So, okay, because I don't know much about the product. You can learn the products. But why not you? Because no one in my family has been rich. So what, no one was in rich and Zuckerberg's family before he became who he is today. And nobody was in jobs. Jobs, mom even gave him up for adoption. So many things go wrong when you're starting a company. And often I think people ask, you know, what mistakes should you avoid making? And, you know, my answer to the question is, don't even bother trying to avoid mistakes because they're going to make tons of mistakes. Right? And the important thing is actually learning quickly from whatever mistakes you make and not giving up. Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love. I mean, there are things every single year of Facebook's existence that could have killed us or made it so that if you just seemed like moving forward and making a lot of progress just seemed intractable. But you just kind of bounce back and you learn. And nothing is impossible. You just have to kind of keep running through the walls. So why not you make your argument? Why not you? Truly get into it. Then give the other argument. Why not you actually be on this? Why shouldn't you be the person? And say, I'm a very smart person. I love people. I actually like to make money to make a difference in the world. And you know what I care for people. And I have some things I want to do. If I get money, my pocket would be good. I'll do good with it. And I got a big heart and I am talented. And that's why I know the right people. Boom! That's why I'm not sure. Four years after starting SpaceX rolled out its first rocket, an unmanned booster called the Falcon 1. Falcon has cleared the tower. But the first three test flights failed to reach orbit. When you had that third failure in a row, did you think I need to pack this in? There. Why not? I don't ever give up. I mean, I'd have to be dead or completely impressed. Who commits you can't do it? Who commits you can be part of a group of people? I want so many guys on the YouTube that you know are even some of these guys are considered experts by big magazines and they've written to your time best sellers. And they say some shit like Oh, you know entrepreneurs are born. Give me a damn break. Entrepreneurship can be taught. Entrepreneurship is an inspiration that comes from here for some people that want to solve a big problem. What even entrepreneurship is something you're born but I've completely disagree with that statement. Fully disagree with that statement. If you want to do anything worthwhile in life, you've got to be hungry. And so I started working to develop myself. He said, I want you to practice every day being a disjockey. I said, but I don't have any job now. He said, it doesn't matter. He said that it's better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one than to have an opportunity and not be prepared. So every day I was working to develop myself. And that's what you must do. Entrepreneurship, it is a formula. If you hang around other people that think like this and you watch this video and you watch all of that, you tell them, or some of the people that are feeding the right type of content to you and the right books, you read your imagination once they're working. Because entrepreneur is numbers solving problems. How can I do it better faster? Why can't you learn those skillsets? Why can't you? You can't. So why not you? And don't let anybody convince you that people who solve some big problems and you know, are big thinkers that have to be born, being big thing. I'm here to tell you, you can figure out the formula that they can bigger. Greatness is not this wonderful esoteric elusive God-like feature that only the special among us will ever taste. You know, it's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe and I'm willing to die for. I feel so strong that the reason I'm here is I dream big dreams. I dream the kind of dreams that other people said would not be possible. I'm also living proof that this is how I would move the icon literally from the other side of the trash. If you saw where I grew up and took a picture of it, the neighborhood, the setting, you say it's not, it's impossible that someone can come from there and get here. You can do anything. But there are many people along the way who will say to you, you know, you're dreaming too big. It's not possible. Those things just can't happen. Don't allow anyone, friend, family, acquaintance, teachers, whoever it is. Don't allow anyone to tell you that what you are dreaming for yourself and your family is not possible. It is possible. Don't be one of those people. 20 years from now, I'm going to be walking around the nine to five jobs miserable and angry and bitter because you left your dreams, get away from you. This did not believe strong or enough in yourself and what was possible. Don't allow that to happen. This is an unbelievable time. I can't encourage you enough to continue to think that things are possible and that your dreams can come true. I feel like I failed when I didn't put everything I had in into a problem. It goes back to the analogy I made at the beginning. If you don't put it all out there, if you don't put everything you got and just solve in the problem, then that's failure. You have to learn from the mistakes that you made and you've got to create an environment where people are not afraid to take a risk and not afraid to do things that are beyond what the expectations are. Fear is the disease. Hustle is the antidote. You can't count on sales. You can't count on anything but just crazy hustle and just grit your teeth claw your way to success. There was just no easy way to do it. In order to be this disruptive to what's going on, you have to have. You have to be willing to fight and you have to not be shy. You never stop until you're the best. I don't believe in doing anything halfway. I believe you're going all the way. You never stop.

=== FILE: Why Not？ - The Key To Success - Motivational Video [j6RqbpY1-7I].txt ===

Never plays the gallery. I think, but you never learn that until much later on I think. But never work for other people. It's what you do always. Always remember that the reason that you initially started working was that there was something inside yourself that you felt that if you could manifest it in some way, you would understand more about yourself and how you coexist with the rest of society. I think it's terribly dangerous for an artist to fulfill other people's expectations. I think they produce their general, they produce their worst work and they do that. And if the other thing I would say is that if you feel safe on the area and you're working, you're not working on the right area, always go a little further into the water than the fully capable of being. Go a little bit out of your dad. And when you don't feel that you're free to quite touch in the bottom, you're just about in the right place to do something exciting. I think you already influenced a certain extent. I think what happens is that you look at somebody and think that maybe something you had as a small seed in your own mind, you see maybe that person has extended that or gone quite a long way with what you think you might like to do anything. Yeah, that person's doing what I really like to do and that's what could happen, that's what I can do with what I've got. Been half their lives trying to avoid bad things happening to them. I'm of the impression that bad things are something that really are important to one's life. Bad experiences are not necessarily a bad experience. You can learn from tragedy, I think you can, I'm not sure that I don't think they should be looked at negatively at all. There's a certain kind of regret that when you haven't been adventurous with your ideas, when you get into a later life and you haven't even tried to do some of the things that you really wanted to do and you can look back and say, damn, I'm really, if only I'd have to go at that, you know, things might have been different or I would at least know if I could do it or not. The people I looked up to when I was a kid, like William Barrow's, like little Richard, like John Lennon, and they did it, you know, and I thought, well, I'm gonna, I'm not, I'm so full of myself, but I'm gonna, you know, go through it too. I didn't strive for success, I strive to do something artistically important. And my brother's face just tells the story. And I go into the emergency room and I was like, Donald Smith, and like I'm sorry, he passed. And they took me into the room. There's my father laying on a gurney. Just dead. It still has a tube sticking out of him, and they're trying to innovate him or something like that. But just motionless quiet, no breathing whatsoever. And when I was a kid, I used to land the floor, and my father watched bowling for dollars. And he would lay kind of, like if the TV's here, he'd lay on his back. And I would lay on the floor on his stomach, watching bowling for dollars and shit. And so after I saw him on the stretcher, I put my head on his chest, because I realized that was it. There's the last time I was ever gonna, so I remember asking him once, what were your dreams? And he was just like, why just wanted to get married and have kids. So I guess it kind of happened. He was a good dude. And he worked at the post office as Hall of Fuckin' Life. You know, I just took pay for the family that he had. He didn't necessarily like working for the post office. Or believe in the mail or something. But it was what he needed to do to pay for his fucking wife and his kids and stuff like that. Good dude. Deserved way better than to die screaming. But that good dude, he did die screaming. And I remember thinking, oh my God, in this world, we're even a good man, like my old man is gonna die screaming. There's no point in not trying to achieve every fucking dream that I have. This is my eventual end. One day, that's it. I want you to ponder these four questions. Here's the first one, and that's why. Why pay the price? Why worked this hard? Why go this far? Why try to learn this much? Why try to do it all? Why try to see it all? Why try to have it all? Why do it? Why learn it? Why study? Why put yourself out? Why try to take on this much responsibility? Why develop yourself to the full? Why try to become all that you can possibly become? Why try to earn as much as you can earn? Share as much as you can share? Develop every skill you possibly can. See every human you possibly can. Go to every class you possibly can. Touch everybody you possibly can. Why do that much? Why go that far? Why share that much? Why give that much away? Why try to see everything? Why try to do everything? Why try to become everything? That's a good question, why? And you're the only one personally that can answer that question for yourself. You've got to have your own list of wise. Here's what I want you to do when you go home after you've left this extravaganza. Work on your list of wise. One of the big thrust for success is to come up with a strong enough wise. In leadership training here's what we learn. If the why is powerful, the how is easy. But if the why isn't strong, if your goals aren't powerful, if the vision isn't clear, the old prophet said without a vision we die without a vision. We perish without a dream. We're nothing. This is my future. We're all probably going to go out screaming. The best thing to do prior to that is to try to pack that life with as much wonderfulness, fun, productivity, surround yourself with people that are going to fucking help you do that. Because in this world there's not a lot of support. Many tell people something they'll tell you why throw a rock and you'll hit somebody with why. Like hey man, I want to make a movie. Why? Why do you think you could do that? Why? Why? Nobody else is doing it. Why are you doing it? This is so much fucking why. You go out and you find why not. You surround yourself with why not. People are just like why not. We're like hey man, I'm going to try something like why not. Let's give it a shot. People who try to help you do your dreams, make your dreams come true and shouldn't you do the same for fucking them. We're all in this together. But I've been trying to impart one simple lesson for nearly 20 fucking years. Anybody can do this. You know what I'm saying? Like I wasn't born into a business or the film business or born with a mic in my hands. I have no fucking discernible talent whatsoever man. I have no connections to the business. You miss 100% of the shots you never take. It's always worth the fucking shot. Live a why not life man because we're all going to die fucking screaming. So make sure when you die screaming you're totally fulfilled. Like I took all the shots. I did it. I'd went after everything I wanted to or at least tried. Take the shot. The shot is always fucking worth taking. So I'm here to tell you man, give it a shot. Go out and try. Without a dream we are nothing. I'm asking you to make a list of what you want. What kind of health do you want? What kind of skills do you want? What kind of income do you want? What kind of gifts do you wish to be so? What kind of power would you like to have? What kind of influence would you like to have? I'm asking you to go home and work on the why. Because if you can come up with a strong enough list of why, Hergle life confurnates the how. Why not see how much you can earn. Why not see how much you can learn. Why not see how many skills you can develop. Why not see what kind of person you can become. Why not see what kind of influence you can have. I want you to establish some of your goals. I want you to give thoughtful consideration. Dear goals. And why not? If a farm boy can wander out of Idaho and finally arrive at this extravaganza, why not see? If Mark used to walk away from the tough side of town and find a few people and make a dream come true, why not see? Why not? Why not? You've got to stay here till you go. I mean what else are you going to do? Why not see how much you can do how far you can go? Why not now? There never was a better time.

=== FILE: YOU MUST WATCH THIS - Motivational Video [NPyVSR4MEmA].txt ===

How easy and how convenient is it? First to blame everything in everybody, but the things that we have gone on in our lives. Most of you are waking up every day. Looking for pain, dysfunction, drama, unemployment, being broke, struggling, dropping every excuse in the book about your childhood and the problems and dysfunction that you grew up in that's stopping you from becoming successful. You don't like your friends, so why you still fucking will. You don't trust your managers, agents, employers, so why are they still there? Do you really expect your life and career to be any different from messing with the same things, people and situations? I was reading a newspaper that said that millions of people are dying because of what they're eating, talking about their diet. So that even more are dying because of what's eating this. My message isn't to tear you down and contribute to your negativity. My intentions is to just say enough is enough. I want you to share this message. Stop being a lazy person as full of excuses. Come on up with every excuse in the world as to why you ain't winning. You are the reason you're not winning. You keep messing with negative, evil, and dysfunctional people in expecting positive results. Stop complaining about being out of shape when you never go to the gym. Stop looking at your stomach when you get out of the shower and your body and complaining about the way you look when you're eating everything in sight and never go into the gym. You are the reason you look the way you look. You are the reason you're unemployed. You are the reason why you're surrounding the so-disfunctional and negative. We are being raised in a generation of people. They come up with every excuse in the book as to why they are not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. That's why you're shooting movement. That's why nothing change and nothing will change because you have convinced yourself that everything is wrong is negative and nothing will change in guess what? It won't change. Change your mind and it will change your life. I'm frustrated with the amount of people that are not successful because they have thought their way into a depression. You have thought your way into negativity and misery. You have thought your way into holding on to a dude or a girl that you broke with a year or two ago and you're still sad and miserable and ate and moved on with their life. It's all in the mind. Change your mind and it will change your life. You just have to wake up. You just have to break that negative spirit. You have to break through all that shit that you're carrying. I don't feel sorry for you. You feel sorry for yourself. That's the problem. Even when positive people are trying to give you all this good energy, you have tricked your mind to turn every positive thing that they say into something negative. Every time they say anything that try and motivate you and inspire you, you turn every negative thought and every positive intention. Everything that they try to boost your spirits up, you flip it. You shake it manipulated and you have your soul determined to be negative and miserable. It's unbelievable. If nothing around you changes, change the things that are around you. That there are people out here that could be more successful, that you have fought your way into a depression, you have fought your way into gravitating and moving into the direction of anything and anybody is negative. Everything about your life that you decided that you won it for yourself is so negative that you're expecting to produce positive results. You know, come of your life in your career as a base on the choices that you've made. I love you. I'm asking that you get off the pity party. You stop feeling sorry for yourself. When every level does another double, get off the pity. Make sure you're seasoned to show your moment right now. The question is, are you just going to look at this video and decide, wow, that was some powerful shit and do the same fucking thing. Don't you just share this message. I want you to tag whoever needs to see this message. If you make it till the end of this message, I want you to write enough is enough. It's a new day.

=== FILE: YOU'RE THE DIRECTOR - MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO [eh51FA10o1s].txt ===

You are the star of your show. You are the director. You're writing the script. Stop giving up. Don't let your dreams be dreams. You should get the point or anyone else would quit. If you want something out of life, if you want to change yourself, if you want to cross something, if there's some goal that you want to reach, that is really not easy as some people will make us feel. You should get the point or anyone else. That living a dream, changing your behaviors, overcoming negative habits, it's challenging. It's hard. The word of the characteristics of the qualities of people that are hungry, what will it take for me to get some of the things that I want? And being hungry for those things, you've got to stand up inside yourself sometimes and say, Shut up! You can't do this. You don't have everything it takes us shut up! You've got to stand up to that voice. You are the star of your show. You are the director. You're writing the script. And you will determine whether your life is a smash off his hip or flop. You determine that. You've got to sell yourself every day on your abilities, on what you're doing, on the goal that you want to reach. You've got to sell yourself every day, every day, every day. It will manifest itself in what you're doing, whatever we have right now, whatever we're demonstrating in our lives, is result of what we believe subconsciously that we deserve. You have got to convince yourself every day. You can learn all the techniques in the world if you don't believe in yourself. It won't happen for you. And as you convince you, as you sell yourself every day, every day, every day. You will begin to see a difference in the things that you're doing. Selling yourself on your ability to perform in your heart, to achieve a certain objective, telling yourself every day, here I go again. And I've got what it takes. This is my day, and nothing out here is going to stop me. It's a long way in front of me. What would you get for today? It takes courage to act, part of being hungry when you've been defeated. It takes courage to start over again. We get one out of the two in their life, once you have your life to do it, you're going to lay your families and make whatever you want, or whatever legacy you're going to leave, leave your legs. It's far too young. You've got to stand up inside yourself sometimes and say, Shutter, this is my day, and nothing out here is going to stop me. Stop wasting valuable time. Knowing that if we begin to live our lives, as if each day we're our last, our lives will take off. Take on a whole new, new expression. Knowing each moment that we are blessed with. You are the star of your show. You are the director. You are writing the script. You are the star of your show.

=== FILE: [MOTIVATION] Conor Mcgregor 'What doesn't kill you makes you stronger' [-idijgzSSA4].txt ===

I'm not done by any stretch in the imagination. My handle is a lot of the champion. I will not shy away from it. I will not make excuses to it. I lost in there. It was errors. But errors can be fixed if you face your head on and fixed them. That's it. I will celebrate this like like you should celebrate all adversity because it makes you It makes you grow and it makes you stronger. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. This is something that will make me stronger. We can eat a run from adversity or we can face adversity head on and conquer it. That's what I planted here. I will face it. I will take it on the chin. And I will carry on. I learned. I truly believe we are all equal as human beings. If we are obsessed with something and we truly pursue our passion. Everything we have, regardless of anything else. If you are obsessed, we'll cut, put in the time you will succeed. And that is philosophy that I carry my coaches carry and this is hard work. This is an obsession. Nothing can be hard work. I took a chance. It didn't pay off. I'll be back. I will. I will be where I want to be. I'm 100% confident that I will make it to the top. I have the skills. I have the dedication. It will happen. I'll let you know when it happens. I'm an open company for it. And without a doubt, you will see me on the UFC and the near future. Without a doubt. When the history books are in, I show up. If we are obsessed with something and we truly pursue our passion. With everything we have, regardless of anything else. If you are obsessed, book hard, put in the time. You will succeed. And that is philosophy that I carry. My coach is carry and this is hard work. This is an obsession. Nothing can be hard work.

=== FILE: [MOTIVATION] Conor Mcgregor 'untouchable' [JXX4-wCZVjc].txt ===

I've been on the end of many defeats in my life and I've rosepacks on it. I will not shy away from it, I will not make excuses for it, I will assess it and come back. I will just shoot two years in the gym, two, two, whens, two losses, two life. I just realized that if you say it to yourself and you look yourself in the eye and look yourself in the mirror and truly, truly believe that not a man alive can beat you and that that is the way it is and just true. True, I was in the gym and preparation, I feel that I am on touchable right now. Don't believe you're on the hook and you're going to be a well-keep camp and the performance will come and it means. If we are obsessed with something and we truly pursue our passion with everything we have, regardless of anything else, if you are obsessed, work hard, put in the time, you will succeed and this is hard work, this is an obsession. Everything can be hard work. Hard work pairs, so take notes, nobody looks harder than me inside the acting on outside the acting on IMA, book course. August 20th, I get my revenge and I look forward to it. Once the pre-pantition carries conviction. I look prove a people wrong, I prove a my support right, I just want to tip out at the end of the day and this is all funny games to me, I love it, I love my job. It's human nature, some people will sit and take positivity from that, they will look at that and take inspiration and inspire it, it will inspire it and to go and push for that, orders will shallow and critique and be negative towards it. The only thing that showed those people will stay where they are, the people who take inspiration from it will rise up and I'm also a one day experience that like so. This is this is human nature, some go away, some go to the labor. I'm staying, I'm setting up to be the greatest of all time, I am walking towards it and I will go down as the greatest of all time.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-11T06:29:54.403164Z ===
