I just smile on my long term goals so when we go met on Athens and go on more than one event. So I mean I have a lot of goals but I think that I just want to take a day by day. You know if you want to do something and you want to do that bad, you'll make sacrifices. Those things that I gave up, you know, were things that I wanted to help me get to my goal. You know you can look at any of the athletes in the world. They are the greatest athletes in the world. Do things when they're uncomfortable. Everybody can compete when they're feeling good, happy, excited, rested. But it's the best people who can overcome when they're tired, sure. Not in the great mind, you know, not in the best mindset. Right now things are bad for me but they're not going to be this way always. Mental power that the greatest athletes have can push all the pain aside. That's what I'm going to do with it and no one's going to stop me. It's how strong you can be mentally. I think that really shows who the person is. So I think that's one thing that separates the good from the greatest. And here's what I want to say to you. For those of you that have experienced some hardships, don't give up on your dream. I was behind on my bills and my dreams and I'm saying to them, you can live your dream. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. To pick myself up each day believing that I can do it. There were times that I doubted myself. But I kept running toward my dream. It's hard changing your life. By continuing to run toward my dream, at one day. You will fail at some point in your life. Except you will lose. You will embarrass yourself. You will suck at something. This time when you run and you just want to stop yourself and give up right there. There were this times when I go home. The day we get up and you know what you have a training today. You know what's going to be? You tend to feel like a hug. I don't want to go through it. But you gotta go. It's so hard and I hope you don't know. The decision goes to cash is for you the United States. There is no difference between my humans and your humans. The only thing is if you're trying to get there, you cannot stop believing in any way. No matter what anybody says, no matter what anybody tells you, you have to know it beyond knowing it. It will keep you going when you can't even keep your salt going. But here's the thing. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't quit. I didn't fall back. Here's an important point. Nothing works the first time. When you try something, you will probably won't work. When you try something new several times, it will probably won't work. Nothing works at least the first few times. Every time you lose, it's something you're a one step closer winning the next time. The difference between successful people and not successful people. Let's call it that way. People wake up every morning and have a doubt, they have fear, their lose and race, and then they just give up. The hardest thing in life to learn is to lose. When it's easy, you win, you're happy, you get a high five, your friends are happy. For a ability to take a loss, get up the next day, dust yourself off and keep going. Do you have the guts to fail? Focus on one thing, one area, put all of your energy into watering, one area. If you spread the water across many, many seeds, you don't have as much water for one seed. Focus on one thing, make it your priority and stick with it no matter what. Because there comes a time in your life where you've worked and you've stressed and you're trying to get there and you couldn't on your own. But you have a dream and that dream has to take on the belief for you because you can't do it by yourself. So what I would tell you is, don't stop. Now all your focus, to one idea, one and make it work that will give birth to all the others. Let it go, metal, for is from Mendispickery, in the light heavyweight division of the Olympic Parking Championships. A magnificent conclusion to the 1916 Royal Olympics.