I want you to first pay it and get up on your dreams. And when were you gonna stop and come back and do what makes you happy? I see guys who work at the same company for their entire lives. Exactly like you. They clock in, they clock out, and they never have a moment about having it. You have an opportunity. This is a rebirth. Starting at the bottom of an amyory is wherever you are today. Everybody starts at the bottom. And there is no advantage to starting 10 years ago as a boat starting today. In fact, it's better today than it was then. You just gotta put your toe in the water. If you're gonna wait till you know everything you'll never do anything. You have to work so hard to get, you know, get your stuff heard or seen. And so if you don't absolutely love it, you will burn yourself out. If you want a great jump in the quality of your life and an extraordinary jump in the quality of your life, you gotta set yourself up to win. You gotta set yourself up to the process that allows you to consistently grow, consistently enjoy your life, and consistently produce the results that you're really asking. You know you can't let anyone else tell you who you are and how good you are. Based on persistence alone, you will give you a shot. You have to be able to rise from the failures is what makes a successful person because everybody's gonna have miss hats. They're gonna fall down. You know the people that continue to pick themselves up that are the ones that are gonna find their voice, make it whatever you want to call it. One of the things that really helped me have the courage to change was that I realized that I'm not alone. You're gonna have to go to a different level. Just a little bit. And you always say, well I've got to check somewhere. I'm gonna do a lot more research. So go ahead and just keep going. You're gonna go swimming, gotta get wet. Why you gotta have that dream. That's why the people talk about having a dirty lot of you that have a little bit of a dream When you start something new it's not using So stick with it. Find out way through it just find out an answer. It works. Hope this business works You answered the call This is what's coming out us. We've got to figure out how to navigate this and how to succeed and a lot of people just give up It is through the disaster this through that verse that our strength is developed If everything went the way you wanted it to go you wouldn't have anything to exercise by it It's a gymnasium of life where you get the workout the resistance you find out things about yourself that you didn't know I'm stronger than I thought I was I'm tougher than what I thought I would I'm more resilient than I thought I would Change happens in a moment a break through happens in a moment. What is it breakthrough? A break through is that moment in time where suddenly the impossible becomes possible not just intellectually, but you do something about You know people all the time will say it takes 10 years or took me 20 years to make a change. I always say BS It took you a minute the minute you find me sad I quit or it's over. Oh, that's begin or I love you or I do change happens in a moment, but most of us have to go through process to get to that moment Everything in our life changes the moment we make a decision I mean a real decision a decision is when you cut off any other possibility and you commit to something with everything you've got and you take action Don't ever let somebody else tell you what you can do When somebody else is saying something can't be done, what you got to hear them saying is they can't do it I refuse to die and unlive life This is the time to pursue greatness, but the key is you've got to be doing something that you're truly passionate about It could not be I just want to make money that can't be that it's got to be something that the sun can't come up soon enough in the morning Because if you want to go to your bed Baby steps count too as long as you go and fall in and one day you head almost baby steps up and you might be surprised to where you can get to The calmer we ain't coming you had to do this yourself ain't no back up The calmer we ain't coming you had to do this yourself The calmer we ain't coming How exactly are you going to navigate these new realities? Put another way what are you going to do? No one is supposed to live in here No one is supposed to just spend extended periods of time in here This is a public restroom this is not a living space but worrying not for this space There were some things we wouldn't have no place else to go I mean a lot of decisions a lot of hard decisions were made right here about what you're going to do with your life Where you're going to go how are you going to get there? You got to have a plan everybody's got a dream everybody's got to go what's the plan and your plan is Got to have something I call the C5 complex your plans got to be clear concise compelling consistent and committed you've got to have a plan But when you're trying to do something that you're truly passionate about there is no plan V You This is a rebirth You