This is the UFC. This is real life. We get in and we fight and I know fake shit. You know what I mean? It's real life. When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, it's not something a lie. You're somebody dead. It's what I breathe is like. What are you thinking? How do you sleep? How do you dream? And so what I need you to understand is God. When you're talking about being the best of the best, like we're talking about being in a sport where at the end of the day, the way you win somebody got a surrender. Somebody got to talk about two grown people. We're talking about two grown people survived the anniversary of your talk about real now. You're talking about our now. You're not talking about physical talent. You're not talking about how you look. You're not talking about how strong you are. You're talking about real. You're talking about real. You're talking about who gets to the point where it's too people. And somebody got to talk about, before the other boys get to talk real, are. And so it was an mentality. and every week we do what time we wake up. Now let me do it how you keep it. There are everything we can with how you work out, how you prepare, how you have every single day to it, how you stay. There are everything we can do. Nothing to laugh about this, but everything you can do is catch it here for fair play. And when you want a better view of the tree and stand out one of my instagram fights, I want to go to the movies page, I want to go to the movies, I want to go to whatever it takes so I get it there. And I want to see the name of the media, and I hear it seem as if you're not going to be a mess with it. Somebody goes in there the loomers. He goes walking exactly, he walks out family out here. He walks out three as out here. He walks out people who are invested in time and they're resources and they're winter. And then you come to guys out there who has been in the day of the smile. But at the end of the day, the first thing that was surrender in the person who was in the audience, but I'm a part of it. And here's the body of the man, the hardy work, the hardy duty is just a random thing. I love about Michael Jordan playing. Michael Jordan had the glory. He's filled with up to the eight joints. He played every single minute. He understood. I got a want this thing and I can't take it down. But I can't play this playoff game. He's got to work hard on the other folks. He's got to work hard on the other folks. He's got to work hard on the other folks. But just when you feel like you do that last breath, and your muscles and your shoulders, I can't really go for breath. You stand out here. You've got to be right now. You're quick. You're not doing fine. You're not giving up. You're not giving up. You're not giving up. So number one, you got to hear me. You want to succeed as bad as you're going to breathe. It's an important thing. You've got to feed it. You've got to drink it. You've got to sleep it. Like it has to control it. And if you're going to be the best, the cream in the car, if you're going to be the apex. I didn't want to take this for you. You've got to be it. You've got to be it. It has to take over you. You'll get those out of the seat. You are the best of the best. I don't know what you're doing without your sales. One word. It on a lumen age from you. Number one, you got to hear me. You said the weight, the weight, the only weight you want to surrender in here, you work harder because you work harder than you are. You've got to personally spend it. You've got to know how hard you're going to work. You've got to be prepared to work, and you've got to be prepared to work just as hard as that person's work.