The city average person dies at 25 when it's buried at 75. I don't care who you all will race with age with gender. I don't care about anything that's stuff. And that dream you have kept hidden from the world. You've made excuses for it. You've been letting it. You've listened to people telling you to be realistic. But deep down in your heart you know that you're not living to your potential. And life is now something you're just getting on with. I want to lay some reality on your real quick. Where is the wealthy is placed in the world? Do you know? It's not China, it's not Dubai. It's the graveyard. Because in the graveyard you will find inventions never invented. Business is never erected. Songs never sung, books never written. Ideas never nurture people never realized. Because they were scared to take a risk. It's scary like you. But you want to know something else? You're not in the graveyard yet. We get one life. And every passing moment we will never get back again. You will never start this video with the same perspective you had when you clicked play. You will never brush your teeth the same way twice in your life. They know where you are but in your life. I will never get that breath back ever again. See this present moment is so precious. We have to be here, we have to be in it and make the most of it. We have to live our dreams now because they are possible. 6,000 years ago. Man created the wheel only 6,000 years ago. First written language was created. Sixth that's it. And if I may remind you the airplane is only a little over 100 years old. There was no internet 50 years ago. No cell phone. So don't sit here and tell me that everything that can be done has been done. When we haven't been here for very long there are dreams there. There are ideas and accomplishments that are waiting to be discovered. That are waiting for you. Helen Keller wants to ask what on earth will be worse. The bomb line says it will be so much worse to be on with sight. But no vision. Why can't we have Q was for every disease known in the man. Why can't we have clean water and food education for every person on this planet? Why can't we have peace on this planet? Why don't we have to die to go to heaven? The earth is already in space. We can have heaven right here right now. Just the shift in this. Why not? Because somebody said it is impossible. You can't be done. Tell you this. There's never been a statue erected for a critic. Everybody tell you how to do it. They never did it. More than the story is. Do you be you? Be here now. Your dreams are passed out. We're obsessing over these celebrities. Kim Kardashian. Leave your life. Step in the young greatness. Say the average person. Guys at 25, but it's buried at 75. Know that means. Let's figure it out. Don't let this negative world get to you. Don't let it win. You're not going with the past by leave. But go with it is no past. And leave the trail. Don't let it win.