I'm not afraid to fail. I'm not afraid to fall over, make a mistake. That oftentimes cripples people on the onset of getting into anything. The first time I ever picked up a DJ, Dex was horrible. Horrible now, but I'm not afraid of that. I'm not afraid of that feeling. It actually propels me and works quite the opposite. I can do 18-22 hours a day easily. I'm a veteran at being able to look at an opportunity and go, is that going to take me further or not? Some people don't have that. You won't, it's something you develop. That's why most times out of 10 and you head of a company has been doing it for a long time, because they inherently can make a decision and the blink of an eye. You have to learn that. My breakthrough was actually deciding I wanted to be an actor. The other thing that's important I think is to keep your head down. Keep your head down. When I swim 25 laps, I can guarantee if I look up and start counting those laps. I'm peated out by 15. If I put me head down and keep working away and work at technique, work at internal rhythm, work at, hmm, I hit that length. I don't even know what length for one. Garing to your eye, I look up and I'll be 20 and two more free more to go. I think people find themselves incrementally checking how far they've gone. Now, when you compare to anybody else or whatever, it's just a recipe for disaster. Just keep banging on them. That's the most important. Mountain climbers are probably totally within no point in looking at the difference between climbing 100 feet and climbing 500 feet. It's a point you don't know you're at the top and you get their bell. That's what you need to remember. Just don't look down. The change in my life, it turned my dreams into a reality, it gave me an actual tangible target to go, oh actually I could do this. That was my biggest breakthrough. Of course, I've been numerous breakthroughs over my career in my life, which I'm all proud of, but none so much as that realisation that I want to be an actor. Know what your target is, don't guess it. Be as cool that was the next man because that's that's your petrol, that's your your fuel to get you moving. If you don't know where you're going, what your targets are, you're never going to get that. Peabed. Work hard. Sleep less.