There's no way to convince people of your greatness. You have to know on the inside. Someone asked me once what they, or many times, I think, what I thought it meant to be an artist. And I said, what I think an artist needs essentially more than discipline or even talent is a perspective. So if you are always changing what you do, based on what other people say, you completely lose yourself and you become just something that's constantly affected by what's around you as opposed to stable and your own and autonomous and your identity. I shut it all off and I do not intend to speak to anyone for a very long time. This is my moment for me to experience a rebirth with my own music. I have to shut it all out in no way. The noise, it's loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts and matter. This album is showing that to young girls and to end to boys that want to make music, that you don't have to get lucky on the internet. It's not a social media game. You don't have to find the hot producer and get the hot track to be a star. You can just learn how to play an instrument and sit in your room and practice and write songs and poetry and then you can go around the corner to the bar and meet other artists that do the same thing that you do and you can hang out and talk about music and write songs. And then you can play at the spot around the corner and gain one fan and then do it over and over and over again until you've discovered. To stand at the top of that staircase and seeing the star spangled banner every single day after school. I would play it over and over and I would stand up there and I would study. I left school and I got three different jobs and my dad paid my rent for three months and then when the three months was off, I had to pay. And it was great. It was wonderfully liberating. I stopped and I focused 150% of my energy on my opponents on what do you want to do? What is it that you really want? There's no way to convince people of your greatness. You have to know on the inside whether it's you want to do advertising, we want to be in finance, we want to be a waitress, so bar to know. Whatever decision you want to be, you have to know it inside and nice fight away to your dream. The noise. The noise it's loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts that matter.