I said, when would now be a good time for you to start? Everything I've done in my life has been based on modeling, but also there's something in me that most people don't realize has really made me successful. That's a sense of urgency. I do not settle. I do not wait. You wait in its over. But I said, my deepest genius is urgency. I am one hungry mothl. I will not let enough to be passed me by. I will not see something as possible. Go where all the water. I will not. I grab it right in by the hair. I crush it. I go out. It isn't just talent. How many talent do you know who have unbelievable talent, but they never lived their dream? How many people you know that are brilliant and are depressed? How many people do you know that have an opportunity to create an education but can't fight the way that I'm afraid to go. What happens with people is we tend to go out into the world and we look for those sort of excuses that why things aren't the way we want them. And when you do that, you lose all your power in life. You start focusing on the external on the excuses you lose your power. Here is the way people really think, I will tell you, I can go out on the stage and bomb. You go out there and you just bomb, right? And people who are speck you, who are going out there and trying your artist. It's not how you actually perform that urge the respect of your peers. It's the fact that you went out naturally, didn't it? That's the difference. And that's your grunt. That's the relationship I want you to ever have. That's up to you. But if I can help you from not having it, that's your opportunity right now. And if you don't take this shot now, you tell me what level of regret you might have made in life. If you allow something to distract you, at the moment you're about to get the most important information you need in your life, what if we comprises? If I'm a long caucus, what can you up every morning? We might find ourselves confused in 10 years. No matter what you've ever been through, you have to go through it to get right here. That's where we end. That's where we end. And this is our new day. Our new business stand up and take back and reclaim what we are. We were kings from day one, and we were dives, kingly queens. Change the comfort zone. Your art is telling the truth. In ways that you can't live. The new art didn't even do must be okay with your comfort zone being shut. And on the way to change, it's makes sure you're doing the same thing every day of your life. Nobody lasts longer. No real fun, no nothing to the castle, we come out the sky. We are the sky. But we look at the change we must change. Can we not be great? Isn't beyond our reach because if it is, then we are nothing but sheep. We heard it to the final slow-out. I will not go down that way. I choose to fight back. I choose to rise not for all. I choose to live not die. And I know that what's within me is also within you. Rise up with me. Rise up. This is our new day. It's time for the reclaimed who we are.