Last August I was told that it all likely I had three to six months left to live. No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. We don't get this again. We are going to die and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they're never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place, but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Sahara. Somebody said to me in light of those numbers, wow so you're really beating the grim reaper. We don't beat the reaper by living longer. We beat the reaper by living well and living fully. For the reaper will come for all of us. The question is what do we do between the time we're born and the time he shows up? It's too late to do all the things that you're always going to get around to. And you will need to find your passion. Many of you have already done it. Many of you will later. Many of you may take till your 30s or 40s, but don't give up on finding it. So your passion must come from the things that fuel you from the inside. Find your passion and follow it. If there is anything I have learned in my life, you will not find that passion and things. And you will not find that passion in money. I don't take some money. What goes on can burn. It is not the things we do in life that we regret on our deathbed. It is the things we do not. Because I assure you I've done a lot of really stupid things. None of them bother me. All the mistakes and all the dopey things. And all the time I was embarrassed, they don't matter. Anything to mimic? I don't put too much into it. Because I can take you with. Find your passion and in my experience. No matter what you do at work, what you do in official settings, that passion will be grounded in people. And it will be pound-rounded in the relationships you have with people. And what they think of you when you are time comes. In the teeth of these stupid fine-offs, it is you and I in our ordinaryness that are here. I want things I can tell you. I've been every single day of my life. Is I trying to find somebody else to change their life? We did 39 to get married because I had to wait that long to find someone who is more important than I. And if nothing else, I hope that all of you can find that passion and that kind of love in your life. Thank you. We are granted the opportunity to understand why our eyes are open and why they see what they do in the short time before they close forever.