I kind of set it out there and say, now how we're going to get there, I'm not sure, but it's there. Uh, goals and dreams that I've had. Um, 19 out of 20 that I wrote down in 1988. I completely forgot about it. Myself a check for $10 million for acting services rendered and I gave myself five years. And I dated at Thanksgiving 1995. All of us have things that we're believing for, something that we want to accomplish. Deep down, we know it's a part of our destiny. We can feel it so strongly. But then we hit some setbacks. We didn't get the promotion. The medical report wasn't good. All of the relationship didn't work out. Life has a way of pushing our dreams down. They can become buried under discouragement. Buried under past mistakes. There are dreams buried under divorce. Buried under low self esteem. It's easy to settle for mediocrity. Even though we have all this potential, buried on the inside. Your dream may be very, the good news is it's still alive. It's not too late to see it come to past. We've all been through disappointments and setbacks. Life happens. But instead of remembering the heart, the pain, what didn't work out, the key to reaching your destiny is you have to remember your dream. Dreams that you given up on. You tried it didn't work out. It's been so long. They're going to suddenly come back to life. Problems that looked permanent on the suddenly tunnel rail. Put it in my time. I got to do that. That had been paid and paid again and paid one more time after that. I stayed through my dreams and by doing it, eventually they came true. Dreams without goals. Remain dreams. Just dreams. And ultimately, few disappointments. And I put it in my wallet and I kept it there and it deteriorated and deteriorated. I've completely forgotten about it. I'm pulled out last year in 19 out of 20 I've done. I've had nothing at that time. But it just made me feel better. It made me at that time all it really was for me was kind of making me feel better. I would drive home and think, well, I do have these things. They're out there. I just don't have a hold of them. They have to be out there. Dreams without goals. Really goals like goals. They're really goals. Monthly goals. Really by minute goals. Dreams without goals are just dreams. Just before, thanks given 1995, I'm not that I was going to make $10 million on. I think it would be a moment of them. People don't stand up and protect their dreams. People don't just scare the getting, you know, spoofed in a way. donors. Keep your dream alive because it might come from someday.