While things are going really well these days, I think it's always important to remember that when you're creating a company, there are very dark times and it's about getting through those dark times that best difference between success and failure. We're really focused on making a product that your customer's love and it's so rare that you can buy a product and you love the product when you bring your board it. This is very few things that fit into that category. If you can come with something like that, your business will be successful for sure. The thing about being an entrepreneur is it's just all to you. A lot of people like to make excuses, I don't have connections, I don't have money, I don't have this, but if you find something that you like to do or love to do, be great at it and see if you can turn it into a business and in worst case you're going to have fun doing what it is you love to do and best case you can turn it into a business. I'm just not thinking of excuses. I just think if you really, everybody has that opportunity to go for it, they just have to do it. Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the Jack Welch, Larry Page, Mark Sagabert, I know all of that. I would have liked to share with you that those people, the difference between those people and other people, they are always optimistic for the future. They're never complained. They're always tried to solve the problems of the others. Where is the opportunity? The opportunity lies always lies in the place where people complain. Some people sit there complaining, you think, if I can solve that complaint, that's the opportunity. He sat me down and said, look, I've got this idea where I think we can listen to Indiana basketball, sporting events, anywhere in the world, by using the Internet. Starting a business without any financial backing, it's easy to slip the wrong side. In fact, most wrong people don't do slip the wrong side and the important thing is then just to pick yourself up and start again. If it doesn't work at that time, keep going until you do succeed and not to get up. There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure when you start a business from scratch. If you don't have enough money to pay the bills, you go the wrong side of that dividing line and if you can somehow get enough money to pay the bills, you stay the right side of that dividing line. You get the phenomenal opportunity and everything in one of you can have a life, and a great life, and a money and how privileged future. The only person stopping you is you. You make your own walk and life every time and every entrepreneur makes a role in love. And I don't know anyone who started out as a business man and not had a good walk and a better life. If you're going to start a company, it takes so much energy that you get better over the company or your family and a risk. If you do the work, if you do the preparation, you'll know when it's time. It doesn't mean that it won't be a little bit scary, but you know, it's you'll know.