What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone and it was devastating. Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. Not religion, faith, not hope, but faith. I don't believe in hope. Hope is a beggar. Hope walks through the fire and faith leaps over it. But something slowly began to dawn on me. I still loved what I did. I've been rejected but I was still in love. And so I decided to start over. I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again. I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if I hadn't been fired from Apple. It was awful tasting medicine but I guess the patient needed it. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love and that is as true for work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. I've never really viewed myself as particularly talented where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic. You know, while the other guy sleeping, I'm working, while the other guy's eaten, I'm working. Dedication, all work, dedication, all work, all on the arm, all on the arm, all the work will get me, I'm still coming on time. I listen to my gut instincts, your genius, your gut instincts, they're the purest form of truth that there is. I want you to live the life that you came to live, to be you, not be anybody else. When every answer that you need is already in me. I've never seen any even being. I've traveled all over the world many times. I've never seen one human being who did not the potential in them to live a great and trust. Incredible life! There's no easy way around it. No matter how talented you are, your talent is going to fail you if you're not still. You don't need to ask others for fucking answers. They're very in you if you will ask yourself. But I've met many who refused to change the decision. The captain said to the guy, listen, he said, tomorrow morning at 6 o'clock you can face the firing squad or you can go out this door over here. And the guy said, what's out the door? He said, no one knows all we can tell you just unknown horrors. He thought, and the next morning he selected the firing squad. A lot of people never do the things they want to do. A lot of people stay on jobs where they're miserable. After the shot's ring out, the captain's secretary said, what's beyond that door? And he said, freedom. Many of us choose an active living death. Many of us are walking dead. The walking dead. Then we're not doing what we want to do. Many of us stay in relationships where we're dying together, rather than growing and expanding and living together. After the shot's ring out, the captain's secretary said, what's beyond that door? And he said, freedom. But very few people would select to do it because it's unknown. The captain's secretary said, what's out the door?