As someone who's done what you're about to go and do, I can tell you from experience the effect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is. How will you serve the world? What do they need that your talent can provide? That's all you have to figure out. Don't let anything stand in the way of the light that shines through this form. This is being seen in all of your glory. Because ultimately we're not the avatars we create. We're not the pictures on the filmstock. We are the light that shines through. All else is just smoke and mirrors distracting but not truly compelling. Find your passion and follow it and if there is anything I have learned in my life, you will not find that passion and things. And you will not find that passion in money. Because the more things that the more money you have, the more you will just look around and use that as the metric and there will always be someone with more. And if nothing else I hope that all of you can find that passion and that kind of love in your life. I've often said that I wish people could realize all their dreams and wealth and fame. So that they could see that it's not where you're going to find your sense of completion. So I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out okay. It was pretty scary at the time but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made. You will start that process of change. Do something different the next 90 days than you did the last 90 days. What you have at the moment you've attracted by the person you've become. As far as I can tell it's just about letting the universe know what you want and working toward it while letting go of how it comes to pass. Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college but it was very, very clear that in backwards for two years later. It's not what happens. The determines the major part of your future. It's not what happens what happens happens to us all. Said the key is what you do about it. The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the required classes that didn't interest me and begin dropping in on the ones that looked far more interesting. To find real peace you have to let the armor go. Once that button is functioning in your life there's no story that the mind could create that will be as compelling. My soul is not contained within the limits of my body. My body is contained within the limitlessness of my soul. Like many of you I was concerned about going out into the world and doing something bigger than myself. And one day I'm going to have my own business. There will always be someone who's doing better than you. No matter what you gain you go will not let you rest. It will tell you that you cannot stop until you've left an indelible mark on the earth until you've achieved immortality. But I'll tell you once you throw the towel in you're done. You've got to learn what you can do and what you can't do. You've got to take some things in one year and out the other year. And when you do that you'll be a lot better off. But all of a sudden when something does go wrong or unexpectedly, the tragedy or whatever that apply that in a way that could take you and bring you to a higher level in your life. If you will change, everything will change for you.