You don't have to change what's outside. You've got to change what's inside. It wasn't all romantic. I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends rooms. I returned coat bottles for the five-cent deposits to buy food with. And I would walk the seven miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hari Krishli Temple. And much of what I stumbled into, by following my curiosity and intuition, it's about to be priceless later on. No excuses. No victim mentality. The world owes you nothing. And if you start from the feeling that you need the world to participate in order for you to be successful at taking on this new thing that you're considering doing, you're right to be scared. But if you start from the perspective that the world owes you nothing, which it doesn't. You have nothing to lose. Because really isn't that for every one of the people you brought on to team. Isn't that how you want them to feel when they report to you? You don't want excuses. That doesn't mean that you can't fail or that they can't ever fail. But right when you're starting, you have nothing to lose. So you can't lose. So you can't lose. But 99% of your time imagining what would happen if things went well and planning for that. Because there's no downside. It's like a free option on an adventure. This is hard. Every day is hard. And if you don't have the stomach to weather this storm, you will not be successful. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life. And the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. Don't allow butt to keep you in the corner. A key fuel up in the bleachers looking at life being a spectator, not being a participant making a difference in life. You come in every day fired up. I mean, if you thought about some things that you know that you deserve or you want out of life or you would like to enjoy experience. And you found yourself blocking your separation that never happened to you before. Why aren't you doing what you really want to do? Or I can do it, butt. But just kept on coming up. We block ourselves and we use these words almost like we are in a trance, like we're sleepwalking through life. That we find ways to cancel out our dreams. And I think that butt is a dream killer. Then a lot of things that we want to do. A lot of places we would like to go. A lot of things we would like to experience. And we just stop at butt. But is an argument for our limitations. And when we argue for our limitations, we get to keep them. See, butt will cause you to procrastinate. But will cause you to hide out behind fear. But will cause you to come up with all types of excuses that you can validate your in action and not acting on your dream. And right now more than ever, people need to look for ways to live their dream. People need to look for ways to make it on their own. To build a case on why you can't move on, why you can't grow to the next level, why you can't begin to manifest your greatness, why you can't begin to live life on your terms. Always something there to block you to keep you where you are and keep you from beginning to develop your true greatness. Always some fear. How do we handle it? And I'm saying that if you've been hiding out behind butt, if you've been using the fact that you don't have enough money or you don't have the education, take it head on, go get the education. Get your ass kicked, get back up, and you put the gloves back on and you swing away. I'm here, I'm here, I'm the greatest, I'm the greatest, I'm the most amazing, I don't have a mark on the face, yeah I'm a sense I'm in this country, I just want to do years old, I must be the greatest. Inspire people don't instruct people, concentrate on how you can inspire people, not instruct people, you want to change the world? You don't change them through instruction, you change them through inspiration. They don't write about lives that instruct other people they'd like, write about the great lives that inspire other people. Your life, your choice, directly to said, every hundred soldiers in war. He said, 10 of them don't even fucking belong there. 80 of them are just targets. 9 of them, do most of the fighting. The one, the one, he is a warrior. Be a warrior and you're like, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million. You've got to be willing to go against a tide, you've got to be willing to harness your will. And say, in spite of this, I'm in control here, I'm not going to let this get me down, I'm not going to let this destroy me. When you want to change, it's not easy if it weren't, in fact, easy everybody to do it. But if you're serious, you'll go all out. Yes, I'm going to turn this situation around, I'm not going to sit back and mone and cry over what happened and what went wrong and who did what? I'm going to do something about this situation. Never say never. Because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion. Be a warrior in your life, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million. You're like, don't be one of the millions, be one in a million.