I don't regard what I do is the most important thing in the world at all, but it's right for me. I mean, I happen to be wired in a certain way that what I do works. Well, I can certainly define happiness because that's what I am. I get to do what I like to do every single day of the year. I get to do it with people I like. Other than I tap dance to work, it doesn't diminish. It's tremendous fun, so success is getting what you want and having as it is wanting what you get. Well, I don't know which one applies in this case, but I wouldn't be doing anything else. I do advise you, you know, when you go out to work, go to work for an organization that you admire. People get admire because it'll get a little turn-out. To make money they didn't have and didn't need, they risked what they did have and did need. And that's foolish, that it's just going foolish. If you risk something that is important to you, for something that is unimportant to you, it just does not make any sense. I don't care whether the odds are 100 to 100 that you succeed or 1000 to 100 that you succeed. Defining your circle of competence is the most important aspect of investing. It's not how important, how large your circle is. You don't have to be an expert on everything. But knowing where the parameter of that circle, what you know and what you don't know is, and staying inside of it is all important. It really gets into behaving in a rational manner. It's not getting in your own way. As I say, everybody here has the ability, absolutely to do anything I do and much beyond. And some of you will and some of you will. But the ones that won't, if you because you get your own way, because the world doesn't allow you to, because you don't allow yourself to. It's not necessary to have a huge amount of money in order to enjoy yourself. I enjoyed myself when I was at my $10,000. I live in the same house that I lived and when I was making, when I had about that, I bought a 41 years ago. I liked the house then, I liked the house now.