The only thing that stops you from getting what you want life is the bullshit story and tell yourself why you can't have it. All people care about is how much art you have. People will respect you, who don't out there and try your hardest. It's not how you act with a form that earns the respect of your peers. Is the fact that you went out naturally different? That's the difference, not being scared to fail. You're not having to fail yet. And not having fear of looking stupid. We have this boldly fear of student being, you don't want to look like who is. Sometimes you've got to look stupid in the name of progress. By drilling it into your head again and again and again and again and again. Until your brain just clicks and all of a sudden using the unconscious part of your mind, which is infinitely more powerful than your conscious mind. There's no embarrassment in struggle. It's just not the embarrassment that's including the embarrassment that's not trying your hardest. You gotta get out. Don't blame the boss. Don't blame the leaves. Don't blame your job. Don't win the industry. Just three things that you know where you are. Where you want to go and how you're going to get there. Those are the three things you must have to make adventure any opportunity. If you can't influence your campus life, good luck trying to get your business off the ground. When you're an entrepreneur and you trust a lot of business and you're recruiting people, like you're selling people on your vision for the future your vision for this company. If you can't do that, good luck trying to get great people to our field. Caught of being a great entrepreneur is having that vision deal to create the vision and then sell that vision to other people to get into one of these spires and buy into it. To put it in their time, they'll all work their elbow grease to help you achieve your vision. But you've got to be smart above your goals and that's your vision and that's inspiring. To you and you, when you truly have a vision for your future that inspired you, you're going to jump up out of bed in the morning and feel great about going at life.