Sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down. Sometimes things go real well, and sometimes they don't. Sometimes you're happy, and sometimes you're sad. Now that's that thing called life. You can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something. You're gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever, because believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart, even when it leads you off the well-worn path, and that will make all the difference. Pretending that we're satisfied where we are, pretending that everything is okay, pretending that we don't have any special goals or ambitions or desires when really deep down inside we do really want more. Find out what it is you want and go after it as if your life depends on it. Why? Because it does. It's time for you to look within yourself and decide that I'm in charge of my destiny. I'm in charge here. Then sanity is doing the same thing in the same way expecting a different outcome. I remember that a period of my life I was going to work and I was working on a job that I hated. And at the same time I was praying that I wouldn't get fired. I was praying that I wasn't laid off. I was miserable. Nobody was holding a gun to my head, but I showed up every day. And I used a flimsy excuse well. I got to pay the bills. I've got a car payment. I have to pay. I have a family, I have children. I have a car note and I have a mortgage note I have to pay. I've got a survive. I was showing up for a paycheck. Ladies and gentlemen, that's not living. And a friend of mine said you know when people change and I said no, he said when they get to the point when they say I've had it. I've had it. What is brought you to this point? What did you learn from it? Are you learning anything? Are you doing it over and over and over again? I remember a story about a lady who went to the doctor and she was diagnosed with terminal cancer. And she came home and she was sitting at the table and she was drinking some coffee and all of a sudden she just looked up and she said I refused to die an unlive life. I refused to die an unlive life. And she decided that she was going to live. The real challenge of growth mentally and spiritually comes when you get knocked down. But during those down moments, that's where the growth takes place. That's where the work is. Anybody can feel good when they have their health, their bills, the pay, they have happy relationships, the children are acting normal. Anybody can be positive then. Anybody can have a larger vision then. Anybody can have faith on those kinds of circumstances. Am I correct? Sometimes we have to ask ourselves what's using my life. How you handle it? That's where the growth takes place. The insanity is doing the same thing in the same way expecting a different outcome. Sometimes you're up. Sometimes you're down. Sometimes things go real well. And sometimes they don't. Sometimes you're happy. And sometimes you're sad. Now that's that thing called life.