I came out the room as I am with the lightest. You don't play ball because you got to. I don't have to go in the gym and put up extra shot because I got to. You don't learn to play as you got to. Right that man, something built is to sleep. Some built and built like this. It's all like the looms man. The looms in the hip-layer down below. Playing cars. Running back and forth. And you can't be. Wherever we are, I hate the looms. I hate the looms. I don't tell what it is. That's my biggest problem instead. I can't set looms in. And I want to set looms in. Many kids and many grown-ups do figure out over time what their passions are. We let our intellectual selves overrule those passions. And so that's what needs to be guarded against. I won't ever assemble them. Ever. No one will be able to calm me on those in my face. Most people don't have a compelling vision of their own future. All right, do something. Do it in a much different way you've ever seen before. When you first start doing something, you know, so little about it. You're basically nothing. You're living on purpose. Are you living your dream? Are you acting on your ideas? Are you doing all you can do? Have you gotten comfortable? Are you procrastinating? Are you invading your own greatness? Are you surrounding yourself with people that can embarrass you? Are you challenging yourself? Are you experimenting? Are you learning something different? No, no. But you don't know. This is a very scary spot to be in. Your life and adventure is boring. What brought you here? And so I've got to do this. This is my stuff. This is what I'm supposed to do. This is why I showed up. Where are you going with your life? What decisions are you making right now? As you look into the future? And I'm suggesting that it's necessary that you get outside of your comfort zone. It's necessary for you to constantly look at ways of getting better. It's possible you've got some talents, some ideas in you. You're a filmantie to do some stuff that you haven't even discovered yet. It's not over. Tell I where. It's not over. Tell I where. But the major key to your making things happen in your life is you. Not only is it possible for you to have your dream, and it's necessary for you to challenge yourself to go after and get better and leverage relationships that could help you get to where you want to go. But it's you.