In a child's nature, we see many of our own innate tendencies. Prices serve as false idols everywhere. Prestige, wealth, fame, power. You will be exposed to many of these if not all. Of course, part of why I was invited to come speak today, beyond my being a proud alum, is that I've accrued some very coveted toys in my life, including a not so plastic, not so crappy one, an Oscar. So, we bump up against a common trope, I think, of the commencement address people who have achieved a lot, telling you that the fruits of achievement are not always to be trusted. But I think that contradiction can be reconciled and is in fact instructive. Achievement is wonderful when you know why you're doing it, and when you don't know, it can be a terrible trap. To be or not to be is not the question. The vital question is how to be and how not to be. Sometimes, your insecurities and your inexperience may lead you to to embrace other people's expectations, standards or values. But you can harness that inexperience to carve out your own path. One that is free of the burden of knowing how things are supposed to be, a path that is defined by its own particular set of reasons. You are here for reason. If I had known my own limitations, I never would have taken the risk. I had no idea how to declare my intentions. I couldn't even articulate them to myself. I had been acting since I was 11, but I thought acting was too frivolous and certainly not meaningful. At the age of 18, I had already been acting for seven years and assumed I'd find more serious and profound path to college. Overwhelmed with what I was supposed to pull off when I could barely get myself out of bed in the morning. It's not about quantity. It's about taking pleasure in the perception and beauty of the particular. I'm still learning now that it's about good and maybe never done. That the joy and work ethic and virtuosity we bring to the particular can impart a singular type of enjoyment to those we give to and of course ourselves. Someone will always have a higher jump or a more beautiful line. The only thing you can be the best at is developing your own self. I was able to own my meaning and not have it be determined by box office receipts for prestige. I was so oblivious to my own limits that I did things I was both fully unprepared to do. And so the very inexperienced that in college it made me feel insecure and made me want to play by others' rules. Now it's making me actually take risks. I didn't even realize we're a risk. Your inexperience can either lead you down a path where you will conform to someone else's values or you can forge your own path even if you don't realize that's what you're doing. Your inexperience is an asset and will allow you to think in original unconventional ways, accept your lack of knowledge and use it as your asset.