What's your need? You and your gotta go all the way to the end. Because you commit yourself to such a level where there is no compromise. You give everything you have, everything absolutely everything. And sometimes you find even more because it requires more if you want to be ahead if you want to win. I airtun sent it will always be fast. He will never be old. He will always be the champion of Brazil and of the world. The one thing I would say is to never give up. I think it's a ring. I think the one thing my dad always told me was to never give up. And there was so many experiences I had for my racing career where those moments that I didn't think that I would make it. But I would wake up the next day, I would try and keep myself back into it and I kept believing myself. I managed to get there. This is something to aspire to. And I hope that for the racing drivers out of here, I hope that what I have achieved shows that they can do it as well. I started carting when I was 8. It was just a hobby for me and my parents to do. My dad bought me a really old go-car. I think it had been owned by five different families. When I race I won my first six races. I had one for the first time. I won my first British championship in my second year. And then that's when I met Ron, Ron Dennis and told him that I wanted to be in the fourth World Champion one day. Next morning I get up a train because I feel like I can do it again. I feel like I can get there. And I didn't win the World Championship this year but I feel that if I just keep working at it, it will actually help get there. Because I wake up and I think about racing at all the time. And we're training all the time, we're traveling at the time, we're away from family and friends. But I think for me it's always wanted to be the best. I want to be the best at what I do. And even if I want to World Championship, I always want to, I can always do better. You have a limit. You have so much to see. Something happens when you're so many can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct and the experience as well. You can fly very high.