But I can't ready to war my dream! Very hit the finish! Please take it from that! Prepare the reset! I can't solve the... I can't! I can't! I can't stand on that! I can't! That is crazy stuff! It's just an endless scene! I can't help it! I'm ready! I've got the lead! You're here for running who lead them to Nail. The tremendous strike it go and he's going in. This is unreal. Three offensive, 20 minutes. And despair for Austin Vanga, who's team up in ripped-to-trance. Running on running right. Austin, on ping of Dile at hit here. Well, the fourth goal means that some Arsenal fans, we assume, have seen it after the heading for home already. Now the chance for World Cup to make an entire Arsenal, but the last, something goes right for them right near the end of the off. Good-back and a start of the winning, trouble won't come back. We've come to hear you, isn't it? Talk about minutes and all times. Calls you, man! Welcome to the chance! This is a serious fight between Damels didn't share their authority but had raised it and started, that thoseCS on my MPP are, for me, at the right, today's tournament for. We've done a good thing. But I only have my opponent... If I take him down during that kick, he'd никто, just give my handidiots a try. Get your fucking hands on to the national first round and summ your Street Dragon thread, I'm not sure having seemingly been down and out was, then take back it by ready. I'm surely heading over the last time. Bal's In the acting business you fail all the time, early on in my career, I auditioned for a part in Broadway musical, perfect role for me I thought. I didn't get the job, but here's the thing, I didn't quit, I didn't fall back, I walked out of there to prepare for the next audition and the next audition and the next audition, I prayed, I prayed and I prayed, but I continued to fail and fail. So you will catch a break and I did catch a break. Last year I did a play called Fences on Broadway, one that told me a war, but here's the kicker, it was at the court theater, it was at the same theater that I failed at first audition, 30 years prior. You know, every time you lose at something you're a one-step cluster going in the next time, the difference between successful people, I'm not successful people, are people doing that. The hardest thing to learn is to lose, winning is easy, you win, you're happy, you get a high five, your friends are happy, you're ability to take a loss, get up the next day, dust yourself off and keep going. I have lost everything you can imagine, it's a concern, we have, I have to beat up and put down and everything that can go wrong has gone wrong, but I just kept going. Those of you that have experienced some hot shins don't give up on your breath, no one could have convinced me by holding on, by continuing to push forward, by continuing to run toward my dream, at one day, I would have my own talk show, it's a long shot, ladies and gentlemen, from Liberty City in abandoned building, all to floor, never knowing my mother or a mama, it's a long shot, being here with you today in this goal, in Atlanta, it's a long shot, no color-straining label, eligible, mental retarded, but I kept running to what my dream. I remember when I did my very first show, I worked my butt off, and I was like, I'm saved $12,000 tax returns, you're making our blood money, I saved it work hard, saved myself, ready to 14th Street Way House, put that show up, thought that $1200 people would come over weekend and thirdly, it's filled up and I knew everyone up, but I didn't stop, that didn't deter me, that was in 1992, 93, same thing at 94, 95, and 6,97 up, it's a long shot, I'm still in one show a year working with different promoters trying to get the show up and nobody showed up, but I did this stop, and what I say to you now, looking at me now, here, I am a human being, there's no difference between my humans and your humans, the only thing is if you're trying to get there, you cannot stop believing in anyway, no matter what anybody said, no matter what anybody tells you, you have to know it beyond knowing it. Just keep going, find that thing you love because it's tough work.