I want to talk about Truman's for a second. In a mic case, literally in a dream. He will dream alive because it might have proved someday. What is your individual turn-go? Right now is at 16-year-old. What's your long turn-go? It gets in me, yeah. I want to be the best. Yeah. I read something you said you want to be the best defender, best shooter, best player. What do you have to do? James, we're shot at you. This is just crazy. Just says to that's a feeling. The Bronnish, you take the court for your first game. How are your personnel? Oh, you know, I got a little nose in my stomach right now, but once it's done ball start up, I'll be ready to play. Bye. When you're asleep, ladies and gentlemen, you need your dreams. I'm here to tell you that when you're wide awake, you all so need your dreams. You must have your goals. You'll never make it as a wandering generaway. You must become a meaningful specific. If you're going to work tomorrow because that's what you did yesterday, you're not going to be as good tomorrow as you are yesterday because now you're two days old and no closer to the goal what you do not have. You know what you're supposed to do? Keep down to say I think everybody does. A lot of people just don't go after it. You know, it like most people start out to say, I want to be at this, but I'm going to hit that to make sure I have something to fall back on. And what you're doing is you're setting yourself up a fair because you're going as a possibility that I'm a fall back. And when you put that out there, then you fall back. You just say, hey, this is what I want to do and you're doing. You usually get your stuff the way you want it, man. I feel so strongly that the reason I'm here is I dream big dreams. I dream the kind of dreams that other people said would not be possible. I'm also living proof. This isn't a Hollywood movie. I come literally from the other side of the traps. If you saw where I grew up and we took a picture of it, the neighborhood, the setting, you say it's not, it's impossible that someone can come from there and get here. But it is possible. And not to sound too tight. It's possible because we still live in a country where the entrepreneurial spirit is so alive and so well. And anyone in this country, if you dream big and surround yourself with great people, and leave your ego at the door and share success with others, and have a little luck along the way you can do anything. There will be people along the way. And I remember this, who will say to you, you know, you're dreaming too big. It's not possible. Those things just can't happen. Don't allow anyone. Friend, family, acquaintance, teachers, whoever it is, don't allow anyone to tell you that what you are dreaming yourself and your family is not possible. It is possible. Don't be one of those people. 20 years from now, are going to be walking around a nine to five job, miserable, and angry, and bitter. Because you let your dreams get away from you. Because you did not believe stronger than strongly enough in yourself and what was possible. Don't allow that to happen. This is an unbelievable time. And I can't encourage you enough to continue to think that things are possible, and that you dreamt and come true. It's one of my favorite quotes. I came up with it with my uncle. And he told me this after I injured myself and I realized that I wasn't going to be a football player. And he told me, you know, the never lose sight of your dreams. But he also told me this as who I was. He knew that now was going to be a turning point. I thought I could turn to the streets and follow them to footsteps of my father. Oh, I could dream then possible dream. That fear of having a dream and that fear of, or I can't dream that, I can't, I can't, I'll never be able to do that. You know, it was important to know that yes, you can't have that dream, but you have to know honestly what it's going to take for you to achieve that dream. And so then I came up with the quote and it goes to everybody, all genders, all races. You know, don't be afraid to close your eyes and dream. But then you have to open your eyes and see the reality of what it's going to take for you to achieve that dream. And a lot of people, they kind of see whether this musician is an athlete or entertainers, or even just successful people, but they don't understand the thing that it takes for them to get to the point that they've got. And, you know, that's why it's a very important quote to me and I think it, you know, it has inspired people. It inspires me every day. It's hard changing your life. It was hard when just over three years ago. And the pronounced got building in Detroit, Michigan, where I was operating my business. And I fell on some hard times. And I was sleeping in my office. It was hard coming into the lobby. And the security sets, excuse me, Mr. Brown, can we see you for a moment? And I said yes, and I walked up to the corner and he gave me an envelope. And he said, would you mind reading it here? And I opened an envelope and the envelope was from management that said, this is an office tower. It's not a hotel. Please do not sleep in your office. And it was hard coming through the lobby. And sometimes they would laugh, they would have to go talking about becoming successful. And look at him. He's bathing in the bathroom upstairs on the 21st floor. He sleeps on the floor. Him and two other dreamers up there. Look at him. It was hard ladies and gentlemen. For those of you that have experienced some hardships, don't give up on your dream. No one could have convinced me by holding on. By continuing to push forward, by continuing to run toward my dream at one day. I would have my own talk show. It's a long shot, ladies and gentlemen, from Liberty City in a abandoned building on a floor. Now, we're knowing my mother-of-father. It's a long shot. Being here with you today and this goal. Get it landed to long shot. No college training label, eligible mental retarded. But I kept running toward my dream. Don't stop running toward your dream. Something which is really, really important is, which I believe. You have to change your dreams. Dreams do come true. Make a choice. You just decide what is going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way.