And this quote is about a young man. He was young lawyer in New York. He'd married a beautiful girl. And they had a lovely daughter. And then suddenly he died. And this is what he wrote. This was in his diary. He said, she was beautiful and face and far. And lovely or still, in spirit. As a flower she grew. And as a fair young flower. She died. And when my heart's dearest died, he died. The light went from my life forever. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. It's only a beginning. Always. The young must know it. The old must know it. Because the greatness comes. Not one thing's always good for you. But the greatness comes and you're really just it. When you take some knocks, some disillusionments. When sadness comes. Because only if you've been in the deepest valley, Can you ever know how magnificent it is to be from the highest mountain? Always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember. Others may hate you. Those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself. And a lobster is a soft, mushy animal that lives inside of a rigid shell. That rigid shell does not expand. As the lobster grows, that shell becomes very confining. And the lobster feels itself under pressure and uncomfortable. Cast off the shell and produces into one. Well, eventually, that shell becomes very uncomfortable. As it grows, and the lobster repeats this numerous times. This stimulus for the lobster to be able to grow is that it feels uncomfortable. Now, if the lobster's had doctors, they would never grow. Because as soon as the lobster feels uncomfortable, goes to the doctor gets a valium, gets a percussive. It feels fine. Never gets off its shell. So we have to realize the times of stress are also the times that are sicklos for growth. And if we use adversity properly, we can grow through adversity. These things happen to you and you think you've been dealt a terrible hand. You've had bad luck. And when you just go with it, you just start improvising. Suddenly you realize that you stumble upon some of the best things that have ever happened to you. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. Sometimes, you've got to come. A little piece of yourself off. Yeah? No matter how much it hurts, in order to grow. Yeah? In order to move on. I read some words that I found extremely powerful that I've been caring with me ever since. It is not the critic who counts. Not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles. Or where the duer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who was actually in the arena. Whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood. Whose drives value leap, who airs, who comes short again and again. Because there is no effort without error and shortcoming. But who does always actually strive to do the deeds? Who knows great enthusiasm, the great devotions. Who spins himself in the worthy cause. Who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement. And who at the worst. If he fails, at least fails while daring greatly. So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls, who neither know victory nor defeat. You will have good days and you'll have bad days. But you will always learn something more or something new and you will learn more overall. I'm not going to say anything. You will always learn something more or something new and you will learn more overall. On bad days than good days. I'm here to say you will make mistakes along the way. You will fall down. I have many times. Even I'll lead did. But what we do after that fall is how we make history. Because impossible is nothing. These are words to remember when anyone tries to tell you to give up. Tell you to give in because whatever you're trying to do is impossible. The champ said this. Impossible is just a word thrown around by a small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It's an opinion. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing. Mohammed always predicted from a small boy that he would be the world's head of the way champion. He always said, tell the kids and they will do it. I'm going to be a champ for the world. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. Chicken soup for the soul was rejected by 144 publishers. We don't want to publish a flat-to-show story. Now, if we had given up after 100 publishers who said no, I wouldn't be standing here today. And so you've got to be willing to personally be here. Because we didn't take no. So when the world says no, you say no. I think the biggest disability that we have as human beings is unbelief. We have to be. So what we have is this endless possibility that you have the person veered. It's the universe. Test start commitment. And so today we have 147 titles in print. It's sort of 115 million copies or 47 languages. Everything starts with a vision and a man without vision dies. And so we have to be a person with a vision. And so we have to be a person with a vision. A brass bell that hangs in the center of the compound for all the students to see. All you have to do to quit is ring the bell. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to wake up at 5 o'clock. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to be in the freezing cold swims. Ring the bell. And you no longer have to do the runs. The obstacle course the PT. And you no longer have to endure the hardships of training. All you have to do is ring the bell to get out. If you want to change the world, don't ever, ever. Ring the bell. I have to shut it all up. I have to shut it all up. The noise is loud. You have to cancel out the noise. I remember that it's your thoughts, no matter. I'm your, I'm dancing, I'm dancing, I'm dancing, I'm dancing. I'm putting, I can't possibly be beat. This is my moment for me. You will learn more about yourself, you'll learn more about relationships, you'll learn about life and principles and you'll build your caractel. So if you're willing to decide what you want, believe it's possible, consciously envision the future, feel the feelings of what it feels like if you're to achieve this goal. You can have anything and then you take action. I am the greatest. Even though I was having these troubles at home and even though I know real, I had no job, no security. You know what I mean? I whatever didn't know what actually what I was doing, I didn't have anything to happen, but I still was able to feel like it was. It's an, like, a kid with users imagination. I was basically just using imagination. Some people can see farther than others. We all live in our world of limitations. Some people can see farther than others. I have a big vision. I put a lot of effort, a lot of sacrifice and things I do. If I don't do it, it means I don't believe in it. In this I believe very strong. And I will not give up until I'm top of the world. So that's the way it works. You aim for the top. You don't aim for the second place. The first place I'm on the last one. And that's not my target. I try to do it almost every day. This is why I'm in a top level many, many years. Because I do it extra outside. When I'm 12 years old, most of the people told me. Because some of you are very, very good talent player. That you are very skinny, very slim. And I put in my mind, the body we can improve. You can improve your gym, the dedication and not worth. You can improve. So I've improved myself. A lot of times people believe in saying things but they keep it in their cell. They don't put it out there. They truly believe in it. They become vocal with it. You are creating that law of attraction and will become reality. I want you to see yourself doing what you want to do. Experiencing what you want to experience. Everyone's unique. In order to take, like Bruce Lee said, you take from everyone. And you use what is useful and you discard what is not. And you add what is uniquely your own. Having what you want to have. Doing what it is that gives your life for me and it value. People who go against the others and suppose to, you know, people who do stuff that hasn't been done before. People who do stuff that people say they can't do. That inspires me. Hard workers, people that are chasing their dream no matter what people are saying, no matter what people think. It is a lot of people just go do what they feel like they should do and live with the status quo and go live by all these rules. And hey, this is going to be okay. You know, just go accept your average nine to five rather than striving for something because the ultimate goal isn't to succeed or fail. The ultimate goal is to give everything you have for something that's on your heart and a dream and pursuing that. And if you get to live out your dream every single day, then the result doesn't matter. I can look back 20, 30 years from now and be able to look at this time and say, you know what? I gave everything I had. Dreams are based on something that's in your heart that are passions that are something that you want to go try. Not on chances. I've been on the end of many defeats of my life and I've rose back so I will not show you away from it. And I will not make excuses for it. I will assess it and come back. If you can see it here and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen. I'll never lose the fight. It's impossible, tell me. It's impossible. You'll lose the fight, you'll lie. Yes, tell me my fans in the last time they lost. I'm too fast. I'm the king. Can you tell me? If you like to lose your money, feel full and bad on Sunday. Listen, no killer. You're killing my defraise, right? I'll be listening in three rounds. Listen about four. Listen by two. Who? Listen in three. I'll lie. Why? Listen. Why? Listen. Second round, listen. Listen in four. Say you know I'm going to do something. Say it, put it out there for the world to see. I'm going out and doing it. There's no better feeling in the world than that. And it's as easy as that. Say what you're going to do. And go and do it. I still envision. Two. I'm possibly three belts. I'm going to go with Eddie Alvarez in the main event. Eddie. I don't see how counter can beat a heart like that. I think Alvarez wins. I think Eddie has all tools to get the job done. Hurt no tolerance. Conor, but regal. The effort was still therely perceptible. The time was three minutes, no point seven, say. A four minute mile was possible. Somehow, to do it, I had to run the last lap in 59 seconds. I felt that the moment of a lifetime had come. There was last few seconds seen never in. I think line of the finishing tapes. Today head is a haven of peace after the strategy. I knew I had done it before I even heard the call. I felt as if I was too close to the frame. I remember thinking if I can get through this. It may be as hard, but it's impossible for it to be hard. I've had a lot of hard time since. He thought the life gone from his life forever. But he went on. When you take some knocks, some disappointments, when sadness comes. Because only if you've been in the deepest valley, can you ever know how magnificent it is to be from the highest mountain.