If not me, who? If not now, what? No matter who you are, no matter where you come from, problems are going to be a part of your life. In life you're either going to a storm, right? Are you hearing me? You're on your way to a storm. You are actually in a storm or you're coming out. It's a part of life. Don't be consumed with the problems are of life. But guess what? They're not life. I want you to focus on your dreams. I want you to focus on your goals. I want you to focus on your solutions. I want you to focus on that dream like that you have. It's not all I'm telling you is. Stop letting the problems come from you. And that is the basis for all change. I'm going to say it again. I don't care who you are. We're either going in a storm, like for real. You're literally going in a storm. You're actually in it or you're coming out of it. It's not where around it. So just be careful not to allow the trials and the tribulations to consume you. I just need you to deal with it because it's not going to go away. You're not going to be able to do it. No matter what happens to your past, you are not your past. Because the worst life is if you survive the work of the worst, you've made the biggest mistakes and you're still breathing. And you can learn from that not-built muscle. I was so stuck on the fact that my biological father was not in my life. I was so stuck on the fact that my man abandoned me. I was so stuck on the fact that that never told people that I was here. I was so stuck on the fact that he wasn't there for me. But you know the rhyme, my bike, to get my drive, I was so stuck. You get on the other side of all that push and you relax and you rest. That's when your muscles grow. Look, you get on the other side of this problem and you get to relax and you get to rest when you get on the other side of it. That's when you start growing. That's when life starts to change. That's when you start to attract. You don't attract, you don't attract. You're a dream-like, you're a dream-like job. You're the track those things got by avoiding problems. You attract them by dealing with them. Out here, out here, out here, out here, out here, out here. Out here, out here, out here, out here, out here. Like this, I don't care. But I'm telling you, you're a real, real, with it. You can get through this. You will get through this. You must get through. You are going to get through this. When you get on the other side, I'm trying to tell you. When you get on the other side of the problem, it's everything you dream of. Who changed the way you looked at this, the things you looked at changed. Look on. Get on. And don't ever get on. Never say never. Because limits, like fears, are often just a minute.