I think it was like a handicap. I had a, and I probably might was cross-eyed, you know, where there's no one technically is an alternating squint. And I think, you know, it just, you get a person like that and they can. I'm quite sure that in my case that, you know, you go to a dancer party and you're a self-conscious. And a lot of these athletes, or many good athletes, I think, might have a similar, I wouldn't call it a problem. It might be an asset. In this sense, that it drives them in another way, in, in the, in the many cases and sport or the arts, it actually is a, I look upon that at my age as possibly not a detriment, but an asset. Because it will drive the person through the heights that they might never do normally. And I believe that people in mighty forces will come to your aid. And I believe that, but everything. That's what we all do. We get to 70s, both in the arts, come to the summer of the day, I'll recline as watching television day in the day. It's not worth it. I mean, life's so short and such glorious images in the world and such hollow as well. But I want to see it all. So I've moved out of my comfort zone. It's essential for me. I don't know if I'm a major die. So I've done it to have a broken, every ruling book, and not out of my list, so I need to tell anyone that I'll show you. I did it for to show myself. I looked in the mirror that I'll show you one day and done something completely. I wrote the music and I feel a little bit less. So no matter which round I come, we can't care about all of them. They all went to the same place. But I'll tell you that I've had this experience in my life, not only once, I've had to lift myself about 10 times. And I know that in my life, I'll have to lift myself 10 times more. And I think I'm not the only one. I think that everybody has to do this. I thought maybe it's the old thing, you're the only one. But the only thing I know about life is, is that it's a series of lifting yourself up from one year to the next. And I think that's a very important thing. I think it's very important not to do what your peers think. You should do what your parents think you should do or your teachers. Do what's inside you. You don't set out to build a wall. You don't say I'm gonna make it. Build the biggest, that is greatest wall that's ever been built. You don't start there. You say, I'm gonna lay this brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. And you do that every single day. And soon you have a wall. We have to make our lives because life is tough. You have to believe in the power of life. Everything I did, I was following something I really cared about. Something I loved, something I was passionate about. And I kept following that passion, whether it was cars, whether it was anthropology, whether it was art, photography. And eventually it led me to my huge passion, my real passion, which was making movies, which combined all of those things. Never, ever, ever gave up. I think a lot of it comes down to a lot of people. You must be a super tough mother fucker and all this other shit. And I think it comes down more to just how bad you are from. Again life, if you just want something so fucking bad. I just remembered when I was doing the 50 meter underwater swim, it was really hard for me. I had never been able to do it outside of, you know, still training. And the only two times I did it was when I had to do it. And I just remember I was just like, well, I'm just going to swim until I fucking reach the wall of blackout. Like there was nothing in another option. Like I just wasn't going to quit because I wanted it so bad. Nobody can guarantee what would be successful. Right? So I think the only thing that can guarantee our success is keep the passion, keep believing the future. This is a natural process of life. It is not a misfortune that has to list yourself up. It's a thing that takes place as you go through life. And you keep lifting yourself up. And you just continue to lift yourself up as long as you can run as you're alive. That's the only way that I can see it. Pleasure is short-lived. Last an hour, last a minute, last a month. And it peaks and then goes down. It peaks very high. But the next time you want to get that same peak, you have to do it twice as much. It's like drugs. You have to keep doing it because it's insulates itself. On the other hand, it's joy. And joy is the thing that doesn't go as high as pleasure in terms of your emotional reaction. But it stays with you. Joy is something you can recall. Pleasure, you can't. The secret is that even though it's not as intense as the pleasure, the joy will last you a lot longer. Everybody has talent in just a matter of moving around and telling you to discover what it is. A talent is a combination of something you love a great deal. That's something you can lose yourself in. Something you started in a clock. Look up from your work and it's ten o'clock at night. And it's a great deal. And today's time, it's literally just about you realizing your own potential and being created within your own potential. Oh, this is what I can do. So I need to master this, this myth. Because you see understanding gives us the ability if we cannot see the positive circumstance on the outside, we can build it on the inside. That's why Napoleon said circumstances how I make them. George Bernard Shaw said people are always blaming circumstances for what they are. He said I don't believe in circumstance. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up. Look for their circumstances they want and if they can't find them, they make them, they understand, they can do that. That's really not getting emotional involved. They then set up an emotional state that's quite opposite fear. It's called faith. But I haven't met anybody here at the Academy or anywhere else that hasn't been able to describe years and years and years of very, very difficult struggle through the whole process of achieving anything whatsoever. And there's no way to sort of get around that and the secret is just not to give up hope. And it's very hard not to. Because if you're really doing something worthwhile, I think I think you will be pushed. To the brink of hopelessness before you come through the inside. Another quality that I think is important is kind of being flexible minded or open minded. I'm not saying you shouldn't have a vision for your idea or product, but you need to be open to changes.