I believe that every relationship, every part of life, every part of a human being needs a compelling future. But the future is not more compelling than today. Today could be tough, but if the future is compelling, we can get there. I've always wanted to know the answer to a question that is a process by the question. Of what makes the difference in people's life? I was not popular in school, I loved people, so I was passionate about figuring out what's the difference in people. Why is it that some people are given to every family? You know, the type that really do have parents that love them, that are there for them, they have tremendous educational background, they have all the economic resources, and the end-up spending life going in and out of the rehab. You know, they had all the resources, and then you need somebody who's been abused, or no one's been there for them, or they've been physically abused, or sexually abused, or the worst thing you could possibly happen to a human being, and they try not to be some defying a student being you'd ever need in your life, or out there working to help other people make a difference. So, we all want to believe that our lives have turned out because of our biography. And the reality is we can all find people with a horrible biography of an extraordinary life, and we have people with an extraordinary biography who have a life that none of us have were a trait of them. So what's the real challenge? I believe that the challenge in relationships that life every area is emotional fitness. How did Bill Gates change his economic world? He was a software designer who didn't say how to win gay better software. He asked, and how did everyone else ask, how did we become the intelligence that controls all computers worldwide? How did we become the intelligence that controls all computers worldwide? What do you want? What's the result after? That changes what you do. Quite strong, that's the point, Rocky. He's now we are so drunk we have nothing to food or money, and he said the one thing I love most in the world was my dog. He said, I love my dog because he gave me an unconditional love. I'm like my wife. And he said, so what happened was, we were so drunk that we survived. I couldn't beat my dog. So I went to a liquor store, he said, the lowest there in my life. I stood outside the liquor store trying to sell my dog for strangers. So I tried to sell my dog for 50 bucks. And he said, the time is, one guy didn't go to you with me and bought my dog for me. My best friend and her is the $25. He said, I walked away from there and I cried because the worst thing that ever happened my life. He's a two-week later I'm watching a fight. This white guy is getting bludgeon, but just keeps on coming. And he said, I got an idea. He said, I feel like the fight engine I started riding. He said, I wrote for 20 straight hours. I did not sleep. I wrote the entire movie in 20 hours straight. Brighten. So I'll apply it and wrote the movie. Hold me and done. He said, I was shaking at the end. I was so excited. So I really knew man, I knew what I wanted. I knew why I wanted it. He said, if I could see that formula, he said, but I said, man, I took the action now and time to deliver it. And so he said, I went out and started trying to sell it. Agents. And they all would read it. They said, this is predictable. This is stupid. This is sad to me. He said, I wrote down all the things they said. And I read them at night of the Oxford one we won. And they only spent a million dollars to make Rocky. And it grows $200 million. But fun. The most important thing of all is what we started out with. Why? Why is it a must for you? It doesn't have to be your accounts to wall, but it has to be something you're hungry for. Because the only difference in people is hunger. And they cannot hungry. Get around people that are hungry and something will hit you. You'll watch a conversation, you get around people that are doing better. And all the sudden you start going, my life sucks. What do these people need to get started? Why aren't they starting? We all know the answer is fair. But the difference with you guys or me or anybody who's followed through is more and more afraid of what life would be like if we don't follow through. Then the person who's willing to settle for what they got in kind of hope it'll change and maybe purchase something for the moment and they're not following through with it. It's almost like people overachievers have a little more fear. They're a little more afraid of missing out. They're afraid of not being there. Or they've got a strong enough reason to follow through. But race gets magnified the more you appreciate it. The more you notice that you're guided or that things have happened for you. Those who've been in the same state on the fourfold of these matters, life doesn't happen to you. It happens for you. The judge on the figure out how it's happening for you. If you don't notice it, you ought to experience it. What do you take in action or not? It's one word certainty. When somebody has absolutely certain names, you know, they're a common word of belief, right? But you know, you can believe it at a general level or you can believe it's certain. When you're absolutely certain that if I do this it's going to get that result and that result's going to change my life, you'll do it. When you think it absolutely is not going to work. You're never going to do it. The middle no man's land of, maybe the work, maybe it will, that's the piece that kills people. So if it's a must for you, you got to make it work. Hold the date. That sense of wealth. That sense of abundance in you. The more you can feel that sense of joy, the more easy it's going to be for you to do financially. Because you're not going to be in this scarce, fearful mode. Now that's not enough by itself. You have this great sense of abundance and do the wrong mechanics and be a disaster. Wellf is a product of the mind. Again, no amount of money you ever achieve will make you wealthy. Gratitude will and living a life where you know you're contributing, adding value will. That's what's going to make you feel wealthy, where you're a giver not a taker. That doesn't mean you can't receive, but someone is always looking at what am I getting out of every single thing they do is always poor. But the basis of all that I do comes down to knowing the difference in your life, your relationship, your physical life, your emotional life, any aspect of your life comes down to this sense of psychological strength and emotional fitness. And what I mean by that is this, discipline never works long time. Never. What works is when you become addicted to something positively new, you trade one addiction for another, and you shift from having you doing something to wanting to do something. So our focus is how to make that happen. Everybody's going to make some bad choices, and some of them could cost you seemingly everything. But it may be worth it. Thank you.