Greatness is not this wonderful, esoteric, elusive, God-like feature that only the special among us will ever taste. You know, it's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe, and I'm willing to die for it. Here. The separation of talent and skill is one of the greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams that want to do things. Talent you have natural skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beaten on your credit. Here who says he can and here who says he can't are both usually right. Mind is everything. If you don't believe you can do something you can't. If you believe that your father was a bone, can he left you? Or your mother wasn't any good. If you believe that your upbringing was substandard, and therefore you have to walk around as a refugee from that crisis situation for the rest of your life, or ever bearing the burden of that experience, and that will be your life. It's like you have to save your own life. Nobody's going to be able to save it for you. So we have to do what we have to do. No matter what it is. We have to do what we have to do. I really tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place. And I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep it at a permanent leave you're letting it. You need a nobody. It's going to hit his heart as life. But they ain't about how hard you hit. And keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how we didn't start. Now if you know when you're worth the bloody get what you're worth. But you've got to be willing to take the hits. And not point in finger say you ain't when you want to be because of him or her or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You better than that. You're going to go to all the battling. You've got to go through the get the way you want to get. Who's got the right to stop him? I mean maybe some of you guys got something never say something. You really want to do something you never said to somebody something. And you're told no even after you pay your dues. Who's got the right to tell you that who? Nobody. It's your right to listen to your gut. Nobody's right to say no. After you earn right to be where you want to be a dude you want to do. To be a human being now is a blessing. To go through you have a feeling you're experiencing at this time is a blessing. Please don't get me over the nonsense it is on. It's why know that a solution will come. And you're struggling to accept what you want. I deep it feel is not that we are inadequate. I think it's clear that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our life not only dog food that was frightened. You're playing small it's not served the world there is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people don't feel insecure around you. People all know the shyness of children. It's not just been some of us it's in every way. And as we let all our life shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear. Our presence automatically liberates our people. We are the only one who can do this. We are the only one who can do this. We are the only one who can do this. It's a more important promise. What would you get for today? We get more and more opportunities in our life. One chance in life to do whatever you are going to do. To lay your families and make whatever you want. Whatever legacy you are going to leave. Leave your lives and it's found forever. When the losses come and die we're done. The effort nobody judge you. Because effort is between you and you. You're all. You're all. Because everyday is a new day. Every moment is a new moment. So now you've got to go on this show you're doing all my different creatures now. And I will find you. Because I'll piss off for greatness. I'm just a dreamtest of the greatest. And I'll keep it in me. And no man in your can be despised. Those are young men who can only want to make a lot of money to throw. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to say what you want. And so the boo who said if you want to do it the same level I'm on. I'm making tomorrow at the beach at 4am. So the young man got there at 4am. He already rocked the road. Got on the suit. You should watch shorts. Oh man, Graham's his hands. How bad do you want me to accept? He said real bad. He said walk on out in the water. So he walks out into the water. Watch this. When he walks out into the water it goes way to deep. That's all man crazed. He's making mud but he breaks. He said come on out of the water. He came out of the water. He came out of the water. Right at his mouth. My man like I'm walking. Go back in here. It's God is mine. But all man started talking to say he wanted me to accept it. He said I do. He said walk on the floor. He can't drop his head. Helping down. Holy down. My man. Just stretch him. Holy down. He had him held down. Just he told my man was trying to pass out. He raised him up. He said when you were under water what do you want to do? So I went to bring you. He told the guy he said when you want to succeed as mad as you want to free then you'll be successful. And when you get to the choice where all you want to do is be successful as bad as you want to free then you'll be successful. And I'm in it and you've never won. That most of you say you want to be successful but you don't want it bad. You just kind of want it. You don't want it bad if you want to party. You don't want it as much as you want to be cool. You've most of you don't want success. You're much as you want to sleep. Somebody who loves sleep won't be lost success. And I'm here to tell you today if you're going to be successful you've got to be willing to give up sleep. You've got to be one of the work on the three hours of sleep to ours. If you really want to be successful someday you will have to stay free days in the world because if you go to sleep you find this and you have to be successful. That's how bad you got to live. You've got to be successful. You're much as you want to be cool. You've got to be successful. You're much as you want to be cool. You've got to be successful. You've got to be successful.