Rock, bear if I ran to go. Range green. First stage tank, pressing up. A wealth, a well-fled out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold. That third failure in a row did you think I need to pack this in? Why not? I don't ever give up. I mean, I'd have to be dead or to be in the past day. Eight-leaf slater must death the company on another flight. We have lift off. This time around, everything worked. Perfect. That fourth launch hadn't worked. That would have been it. I'm a little bit of not having to resources to announce it. Successful entrepreneurs probably come in all the size of the ship. Some of the things that this private radio, I think are very important. I think really an obsessive nature with respect to the quality of the product. Really, really liking what you do. Whatever area that you get into, even if you're the best, the choice of chance of failure. So I think it's important that you really like what it means. You don't like it. Life is too important. When my brother and I were studying up-to-risk company, instead of getting an apartment, we just ran to this small office. And we stepped on the couch. We had just one computer. So the website was up during the day, and I was quoting it nine. Seven days a week, full of time. You just keep guarding. You can get it done. For at the 90 billion dollars, like 50 years' worth of breaks into solar and wind, to the cylinder and to the cylinder and to the test level. I mean, I had a friend who said you don't just pick the winners and losers. You picked the losers. I'm available 24-7 of just how to solve this year. I call me three-am in a sunny morning out of here. Like his bets, so we didn't just repay the principal. We actually repayed it with interest and an abosment. So ultimately, the US Act, they were actually made a profit of it to cover over $20 million on this loan. Work like hell. I mean, it is tepted. It put in 80-hour, 80-hour-dark weeks every week. If other people are putting in a pot of hour work, Greeks and you're putting in 100-hour work, Greeks, you will achieve in four months what it takes them a year to achieve. Natural human tendencies which we're thinking. So a challenge for entrepreneurs is to say, well, what's the difference between really believing in your ideals and sticking to them versus pursuing some unrealistic cream that doesn't actually have merit? Your product will so it needs to be much better. It can't be a little bit better. The oldest things improve the odds is it says. I think my sort of drive to get it done is somewhat disconnected from hope and enthusiasm or anything else. I just, I actually don't care about hope or enthusiasm. Motivation. Just give it everything I've got. The irrespective of what the circumstances may be.