I was feeling from the beginning that I was different than the other ones. I'm always competitive player and not just in the games. I'm in a train, I'm like that. In your home, with my sisters, my mom, with my nephews, I'm always trying to competitive hard and try to win. I'm like that. I'm never changed. Because I like what I do, I like my life, I'm happy person. You're probably the most famous footballer in the world. In my mind, I'm always the best. In my mind, not just this year, but always, I'm always the best. It's not about the money, it's about the passion. You have to work. I try to do it almost every day. This is why I'm in a top level many, many years. Because I do it extra outside the pitch. Because I'm really like to put myself in a pressure to see what I can do. Keep work, hard to dedicate myself on the percent. This is what I love to do. It's the play football. I still am capable to play more years. Try to be the best like always. How always say that every time this is my goal, I'm still fit, still young, I'm still with the power. So, this is what I like. I want more and more, but I still have many years to play football and I want more. I just try to do my best every season. I want more and more. I want more and more. I still work hard and there in my job, but I have to say, to be in my shoes is not easy. I want to be in my shoes. I always want to be in a competitive person, so it's part of me. I always thinking, when I take that decision, I will be a professional player. I will be something in the football. I was cry almost every day to miss my family, but I'm not regret because it was probably the more intense moments in my life that I lived through. Without sacrifice, we cannot win nothing, so I did an unbelievable sacrifice. My family too. I'm feel happy, all this happened because there isn't. There isn't. I'm unbelievable inside the pitch. This is why the people are so much interesting on me. Are you the best footballer in the world right now? I think so, yes.