I'm doing what I enjoy doing. It's like other men like to play golf, so they play golf every chance they can. So you don't say to them, how come you play in golf today you played last week? It was the same with me. To me, it is such fun creating characters, writing stories. It's an exciting life. And when you do something that you know the fans seem to enjoy, that gives you such satisfaction you don't want to stop. Being interested in what you're doing. I know my father, the poor guy. It was during the depression and he was out of work most of the time. So his life was shorter. And it was because there was nothing really that he was doing that could interest him. But I think if you do what really excites you, it just keeps you going as long as possible. Believe it or not, I almost never have been stuck on anything. Writing comes very easily to me. Everything else in the world is tough, but writing, I don't have any problem with that. I can't write fast enough to keep up with the things I want to say. I think whatever you do, you should do what you most want to do and what you're best at. Too many people don't really do what their hearts desire is, but they try to do something else because they think we'll be easy to get a job or to make money. And if that happens then when you're doing it, you feel like you're working. But if you do what you really want to do, you feel like you're playing. It's easy if you do. And I know I wanted to be a musician when I was young, but I had no talent for it. If I had wasted time trying to be a musician, I'd have either been a failure or had just an ordinary musician. But I love writing also and it came easy to me. So I figured I'd stay with mine. I think you have to do what you do best and what you enjoy. And I began to realize that entertainment is very important in people's lives. Most people almost everybody applies it of problems and troubles and things to worry about him. If you can entertain somebody, take his or her mind off, the things that would normally be bothering them. That's a good thing to do. Mostly I've just enjoyed everything I've been doing. And I think my professional life has been a source of much pleasure for me.