When you have butterflies and you're feeling anxious and you have anxiety or nervous, that's when you're most powerful, I believe. A lot of people, instead of homing this power and using it, they allow it to just consume them. A big challenge, or a big pressure, is like a fire, it's like a raging fire, either you can allow this fire to consume you and just take it off completely, or you can gain control of this fire and harness it. I try to get my emotions under control and use this adrenaline to my advantage. Feel you full, will you give it? Will you rise above and off? And I'm least sure a big idea to get some work. All you can do is all you can do. So you gotta prepare to win. The first few plays are critical. You gotta feed him hard and show him who's balls. You see somebody's going quit, you or he'll. And you gotta look for every weakness. See what he starts, sweat and hard. You know you got him on the run, hit him hard, knock him out with shock him up. Hit him hard, knock him out. Can we shock him up? Hit him hard, knock him out, and we shock him up. Will you be heavily distracted? But we all have, use it, share it. That's what counts. When you have butterflies and you're feeling anxious and you have anxiety or nervous, that's when you're most powerful, I believe. A lot of people, instead of homing this power and using it, they allow it to just consume them. A big challenge, a big pressure, is like a fire, it's like a raging fire. Either you can allow this fire to consume you and just take your off completely or you can gain control of this fire and harness it. I try to get my emotions under control and use this adrenaline to my advantage. Keep a winning, it's not talent, it's not looks, it's not degrees. I believe the key to winning is being the best you can possibly be. I believe if you're proud of your abilities and you're opportunity to look in the mirror and you say that guy's supposed to win, you know, he's supposed to be somebody. Oh, and you go out there and you go find. All you can do is all you can do. They ain't nothing more than all you can do. There's an absolute maximum. You can't do no more than all you can do, you understand that. All you can do is all you can do. All you can do is everything. That's absolute ultimate. Right? All you can do is all you can do. But all you can do is enough. And you be the best you can be. You're going to have a lot of defeats along the way. If there's going to be so many situations, it looks so hopeless. But if you just keep being the best you can be, it's going to look in passport time. Just keep being the best you can be. All you can do is all you can do. But all you can do is enough. The major key to your reaching your dream, you're living up to your greatness, you're making your contribution is you. Know that you are capable of all of the growth that will be expected of you. And then you expect from yourself. You will tackle every challenge headed your way. And if you don't, it won't be for lack of trying. So find something important to you. Find something that you love. You already have inside of you all of the amazing things you need to follow the dreams that you have. You know within yourself that there's something you want to do and I believe that all of us with born with a purpose. And all of us have something that we are supposed to do. And all of us have some goodness within us and that goodness gives us a responsibility. To manifest our greatness. And when you know that you can feel it in your guts and you know that you are deliberately operating below your potential you got you comfortable. But it was challenging and I did it. Repeat after me please. Know how bad it is. Or how bad it gets. I'm going to make it. It's possible. I can have my dream. I can get what I want. I must be created. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want. I can't get what I want.