Man, the first time I ran through the NBA tunnel, man, it was just like chills. It was like that first time you run through the tunnel, you are on that court and it's for real, and it's gonna count. That's when you really fight the same man, I made it. You know, I played a lot of years in this game, I've given this game all I've had. Oh, my life. And just like any difficult decision that you've ever got to make in your life, I think you really got to be a piece of yourself to make a decision like this. I realize it that it's time to move on from a game of basketball. It's up to decision that I have to make in my life, but this is it. My final season. I think I've had a illustrious career on very satisfied with the work that I've been able to do over the past 18 years. And I realize that you can't play forever. You know, I've noticed this a young man's game, and as I get older, not being able to be as efficient as a lot of things I do. You know, the signs, you know, they're there. You know, you can't reach the goals that you, you know, put out there for yourself, like he's done in the past. And it gets harder as you get older and the players get better. And I feel like I have one more opportunity on the great team and something to give on and off the court. I just know what type of people these guys are. And I feel like they want to win a championship. We want to win a championship. I feel like all the pieces are there. This opportunity may never come about again having this type of talent. I see it. I think they see it and I think, you know, they're more hungry than ever. On the personal level, you know, knowing that this is the last time I'll suit up in the NBA uniform. I'm going to have, you know, more fun than ever. I'm going to enjoy the ride. I'm going to enjoy the bus rides. I'm going to enjoy the playing rides. I'm going to enjoy practice every day. And I'm going to just enjoy the camaraderie one last time. Now I've been in the NBA 18 years, but I've been playing with basketball for like 30 years. You know, and that's, it's hard to walk away from that. But, you know, like most homes, you get that 30 year mortgage. You know, I've paid it off. So it's time to ride into the sunset.