All life forms strive to the max of its potential acceptulidings. All life forms strive to the max of its potential acceptulidings. How tall will a tree grow? This tall is it possible to can? You never heard of a tree growing half as high as it could. No, trees don't grow half. A tree drives it through to the deepest it can. Reaches as high as it can produces every leaf it can to every fruit to possibly can. To the max, every life form strive to the max acceptulidings. Now why not human beings? Just jot this down. You've been given the dignity of choice. You're not a robot. You don't have to repeat this year the same as last year. You can tear up last year's plan to develop a new plan. So the dignity of being a human being. Now here's the choice on being a human being. To be part of all we were meant to be or to be all to strive for all or half or part or some. The choices up to you. Life is not just the passing of time. Life is not just the passing of time. Life is a collection of experiences. Their frequency. Their intensity. Life is not just watching the clock take away. Life is a collection of experiences. Their intensity and frequency. When should you start the day? As soon as you have it finished. Plan the day the best you can. Leaving plenty of room for improvising and surprises and all the stuff that happens during the course of the day. But if you've planned a good productive day, now you start that day. You can't believe how much more valuable your time will be. Don't start the day until you have it finished. Now here's the next one. Don't start the week until you've had it finished. Not a layout of week is a pretty good challenge. Next don't start the month until you have it finished. The places to go and the people to see and the productivity and the sales and the customers and the development and all the rest of what you want to accomplish during the course of 30 days. Don't start the month until it's finished. And then here's the big one. This is really challenging. Don't start the year until you have it finished. To the best of your ability, you can't be finished like minute by minute. And it might get all upset. It might get torn up and you do a new one. You make so much progress the first 90 days that now you've got you've multiplied it all by 2 by 3. Because that happened to me. I thought, wow, yours happened. This is going to be a great year. But the time I'd finished the third month, I'm rolling. I'm so sorry. So many things are happening. I revised my whole years. I got better. I got better day by day and week by week and month by month. And I'm asking you to do the same thing until you can develop a long arm and a long reach until you can develop influence like won't quit. Touch people. Next year you couldn't touch this year. Touch people now. You couldn't touch before. And that's the meeting now. You couldn't conduct people. I've been sold now. Mixed in there. The wasn't there. Missing people. I'm asking all of you to get better. In spite of the winter, in spite of the downturn. The money downturn, the social downturn, the personal downturn, whatever it is. Just get stronger. Get better. I'm asking you to drive worry into a small corner. You've got to worry, some. All this negative stuff serves some purpose. But the key is for you to be the master not the servant. Here's what I'm asking you to do. You'd be the master of worry. Drive it into a small corner. Don't let it loose. And I'm asking you to go home with some new faith and some new courage. I'm asking you don't worry. Drive it into a small corner. We've all got concerns. And sometimes we all wonder. And sometimes there's a little crack of doubt. We worry a little. I'm telling you, drive it into a small corner. Drive your worries into a small corner. And in the ease of the mind, you've got to do battle with in the summer. One is pessimism. The tries to get you only to see the negative side. Of course, there's the negative side. Life is part negative. What else is new? If the glass is half empty, it is half empty. You say, well, I've been only taught to see that it's half full. Well, sure it's half full. But it's also, F-M-K. I mean, can't you handle that? I mean, no, that's not difficult. But here's what pessimism would try to get you to do. Believe that it's only half empty. And when pessimism comes to your mind, you've got to educate pessimism because pessimism is stupid. Pessiveness implies to get you to believe that it's only half empty. Of course, it's half empty, but it's not only half empty. It's also half full. I'm asking you to be in charge. Be in charge of your own mind. Be in charge of your own destiny. Do battle with your enemy. Do battle with your enemies. Take sword to your enemies. Whatever's going to destroy those values, take sword to it. If it's more retakes sword to it. If it's threatened, better. Take your harvest. And all the cons you're away with full response to the word. Don't complain. That fourth season, complaining. Telling you could ruin all of the chances. Complaining sometimes starts as an infection. If you don't take care of it, it becomes a disease. Do battle with it. In the harvest time, reap your harvest without complaint. It's your crop you've sold it. You either made the calls or didn't make the calls. You wrote the letters. You didn't write the letters. You were steady or you weren't steady. You did it or you didn't do it. You put together a good day or you didn't put together a good day. Take responsibility when the harvest time finally comes and say, Hey, it's my crop. Got to take responsibility for it. I do not complain. My masking you to be touched with the smallest of people's challenges. Don't just be touched with the challenge. I'm asking you to be touched with the problem. Let people's problems get to you. Let people's problems touch your heart this year like never before. Be touched. Let life touching. Don't let it kill you. Let it touch you. The problems are out there. People struggling with their economy. They're struggling with their health. Stuggling with their future. I'm asking you to let that get around your heart. Let it do something to you. Don't go on touch. Don't go on move. When you walk out of here, open yourself up. Don't build up the walls. The same world that keeps out disappointments. It keeps out happiness and opportunity. Take the walls there. Let yourself be touched by what's going on up there. Let sad things make peace. As well as happy things make you happy. Let your heart get touched. What a next year you could have. If you pay more attention this year, soak it up, gather it up, and reflect it certain times. What's going on and what's happening. And this year we'll take a more powerful place in your experience. People will not believe the words you've chosen. They will not believe them heart and soul that you've mixed with words. They will believe the power you've got. We've got this extraordinary opportunity now. Let us not keep it. Let us share it. Let us reach out for the long reach. Strong reach and unprecedented reach. Let us reach out and touch people not just before our opportunity. Let's touch people with our lives. Let's touch people with our experiences. Let's touch people with our heart and soul. But here's what I did. I worked around the clock around the clock. So that I would make up in numbers what I lacked in skill. When you're new, you make up in numbers what you lacked in skill. Now when you become more skillful, the numbers can go down. But at first, if you want to compete, or if you want to really get good, you've got to put in the numbers. I'll tell you what's really going to serve you well. And that's the excitement you feel inside. It isn't even probably expressed on the outside. The excitement that runs deep. The excitement that stirs commitment. The excitement that stirs courage. Give me the chance and I will get the job done. That kind of excitement.