I ended up working for like three years on this movie and this was going to be my feature and I was like I was financing it from working at a video store. I would like get like $200 or so and then we go off and shoot for the weekend and that new would run out of money and then I would like go back to work again and then like eventually I would just keep piecing it together. So I didn't have I had so less so little money that I couldn't even process this footage. After like about three years I ended up like starting processing some of the footage and starting seeing exactly what I had. There were good things about it. All right you know I mean you could tell I made people who knew me could look at well that's a quick way. Yeah that's so that has my experience. You had that. It has my day one. Yeah. It was like this was going to be the thing that like set me up. All right and I'd work three years on it and I was able to look at it in a realistic way after being horribly depressed for a little bit. But only a short little bit was the fact that well this was my film school. All right and this was the best film school a person could possibly. All right I actually went out and actually tried to make a feature film. Do you think one of my strongest, one of my strengths is my stories help me. Because I actually can come committing to telling a story. If there's one thing that I've done that I'm like the proudest of of everything. All right is the fact that people talk about wow you've had such success and it's just been so overnight and whatever. Well whatever success I've got has come after like eight years of just nothing working out. You think it's still possible for a upcoming film maker to go the route you guys won still be successful. Make Reservoir Dogs. That's the toughest. Actually I'm not even being as smart as that was a f***ing kick ass movie all right you make a goddamn kick ass movie and you can take it all over the f***ing planet earth not America not f***ing Los Angeles It's not New York the planet f***ing earth and everyone will know it. Being an I'm a forget about being a director. Forget about being an actor. To me the greatest job a person could ever have would be an usher at a movie theater. You know you get to go to a movie theater all day long and then you get to see all the movies for free. I never set up a situation I never set up a fallback situation because I didn't want a fallback you know I wanted him to have to keep eating at it.