Music A definite purpose must be accompanied by a definite plan for entertainment followed by a appropriate action. Now you have to have a purpose, you have to have a plan and you have to start putting that plan into action. And ladies and gentlemen, it's not too important that you're plan B sound. It is not too important because if you find that you've adopted a plan that's not sound, it's not working, you've always changed. You can modify your plan. But it is very important that you be definite about what it is you're going after, what your purpose is. That must be very definite. Music If you want the mind to pick up an idea and to form a habit, show that the mind will automatically act upon that idea, you've got to tell a mind what you want over and over and over again. No end to it. Any dominating desire plan or purpose which is backed by the state of mind known as state is taken over from the subconscious section of the mind and act upon immediately. I don't know for sure ladies and gentlemen, but I suspect that there's a relatively small number of people in the world that you one time who understand the principle of faith. Who really understands it and know how to apply. And even if you do understand it, if you don't back it up with action and make it a part of your habit life, you might just as well not understand. Because faith without these is death. Faith without action is dead. Faith without absolute positive belief is dead. I don't know how you're going to get in a result through believing unless you put some action back of that belief. The incidentally if you tell your mind often enough that you have faith in anything, time will come when your subconscious mind will accept that. Even if you tell your mind often enough that you have faith in yourself. As you ever thought about my thing, if the belief you had such complete faith in yourself, that you wouldn't hesitate to underthink anything you want to do in life. Have you ever thought about what a benefit that would be to you? If you would sit down and put the other hour by hour, account of the actual work you put in each day for one week and then an hour by hour count of the time that you wasted, you could devote to anything you want to do if you want to do. Bad enough. You're going to get one of the shocks of your life. We're not efficient. You don't have three hours to sleep, but eight hours to earn a living, and then have eight hours of free time. But you can do anything that you want to do with here in this country where we live. And then deathlessness of purpose makes one more alert in recognizing opportunities related to the object of one's major purpose. And it inspires the courage to embrace and act upon those opportunities. Now, we all see opportunities all of the day of our lives, which if we embrace them and act upon them, could benefit us. But there's something in this that we call procrastination. We just don't have the will of the alertness, the determination to embrace opportunities when they come along. But if you condition your mind with this philosophy, you'll not only embrace opportunities, but you do something better. What could you do better than embrace an opportunity? Make the opportunity. That's the idea. Success is something which has to be planned, and success is something which has to be earned in advance. True, there is such a thing as luck, but just remember that luck is something you can create for yourself if you know the rules and follow them just as I give them to you. And the best definition of success which I know is this. Success is the knowledge which to get whatever you want from life without violence. Without violating the rights of others and by helping others to acquire it. The very minute, you decide if something you know that's what you want, you know you're going to do it. All of these negatives that have been bothering you, they pick up their baggage and get out. And just move out, they can't live in the positive man. And you'll imagine a negative, a free reminder of a positive, free reminder of occupying the same space at the same time. Could you imagine that? No, you can. Because it can't be done. Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve. Isn't that a profound statement? You'll notice that it says nothing about the need for education, but simply that whatever your mind can conceive and believe your mind can achieve. Now, if you want evidence that the mind can achieve whatever the mind can conceive without the benefit of formal education, you all have to remember the Thomas A. Edison and see the idea of becoming an inventor. And it'll live to become the world's greatest scientists in the field of invention, with only three months of common school education. You have to move with courage, with faith, with determination, in connection with carrying out for evidence and for. Nothing works the first time. When you try something, you'll probably won't work. When you try something new several times, it probably won't work. And the turning point in my life came when I would hear good ideas, and I was so eager to be successful and selling. I would run out and try the ideas they wouldn't work. I'd try a way of getting an appointment or answering an objection or closing a sale. It would work. My natural response to, and I think, just to be disappointed, and then I realized nothing works at least the first few times. So I decided I would try a new idea five or ten times before I passed judgment. I would not just try it once in quick, like most people do, and that changed my whole life. It was a turning point in my life because I realized from then on, if you've got a good idea and you've got a good goal, and you want to double your income and improve the quality of your life, and you have to try new things in order to get new results. It's not going to work the first time, since I, well, if I didn't work, try something else and try something else and try something else. Now, if you try, only two things can happen. What are they? Success either fail. If you succeed, you do more of it. If you fail, you learn from it, get smarter, and try to get so you cannot lose by taking action. You can only lose by not taking action. Thank you.