It's time to break out and play a bigger game. I want to leave this with you. My mother used to love this. I dedicate this to you and the dreamer in you. Lastly, say that thing for me more than makes me feel good. It says simply this. If you want to think bad enough to go on fight for it, to work day and night for it, to give up your time, your peace and your sleep for it. If all that you dream and scheme is about it, and life seems useless and worthless without it, and if you gladly sweat for it and fret for it and plan for it, and lose on your terror of the opposition for it, and if you simply go after that thing that you want, all of your capacity, strengthens the gas at it. Faith, hope, and confidence and stern pertinacity. If neither cold, poverty, family, and family should go, sickness and pain of body and brain can keep your way for the thing that you want. Dog and in grip, you can see it and set it. You're getting me. Have somebody in your life develop a relationship with someone who can see what you can't see. And the reason that most of us can't see our greatest is because you can't see the picture when you're in the frame. You need somebody with you. You need an Angela Dundee who's in the corner of a homerole who said, I'm the greatest, but every bulb that he wanted championship, Angela Dundee was in his corner. Michael Jordan was called one of the greatest basketball players of all time, but he never wanted championship until Phil Jackson showed up. There's some people that can pull some stuff out of you that you cannot pull out of yourself. This is why I had lived in what I've learned and how the way in which you can access your greatness and what I realized it and information won't do information on that. Music So the ideal situation for a man or woman to die, that family members, freeing with her, as they cost them. He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed, standing around your bed, the ghost of the dreams, the ideas, the abilities, the talents given to you by life, but you for whatever reason you never pursue those dreams. You never acted on those ideas. You never used those gifts. We never heard your voice and that they are standing around your bed looking at you. With large angry eyes saying, we came to you, no, no, you could have given us life. But now we must die with you forever. And the question is, if you die today, what dreams, what ideas, what gifts, what talents, what books, what voice, what stories will die with you? It's starting to for you to hear this oil in a growl. It's not in South Africa where they're diamond minds. It's at the wealthiest place on the planet. It's the cemetery. There you find potential never realized. There you find dreams that never become a reality. There you find voices of leadership at the world never heard from. What if you live your whole life, only to discover that it was wrong? And it was wrong. If you live your whole life, plain small. I've gone ahead so much more in store. If you maybe that's why I hundred-day withdrawals it, oh God, to reach the point of death, only to realize that you've never lived. Had you never scraped the surface of your potential? I know you've done things that you feel good about that you're proud of, but I can tell you you have so much more in you. You have so much more in you than you can ever begin to imagine. I'm gonna man the way that he is, the only becomes worse. But look at him if he were, what he could be, then he becomes what he should be. Who are you? What do you have? And why should I care? Can do better? All of us can have more. All of us can create more and leave him off. We don't get paid by the hour. We get paid for the value we bring to the hour. It's a what he did was he held himself accountable and he made a decision to do something different with his life. When you're ready to change your life, 99 and a half won't you? In order to reach those living dreams, you gotta make a radical change in who you are. If you do what is easy, that's coming up with excuses giving yourself a pass. If you do what is easy, your life will be hard. But if you do what is hard, your life will be easy. People that are hungry are willing to do the things today, others won't do. In order to have the things tomorrow, others will be wrong. You're hungry? But you like this. Something in you that says I want to play a bigger game. There's something in you that says there's got to be more. There's something in each and every one of you that waits and listens to the voice of the genuine in yourself. It will be perhaps they only guide you will ever have. And if you cannot hear it, all of your life, your days will be spent on the ends of strings that somebody else pulls. And the reason that you're here is because you are going to pull your own strings. The reason that you're here, there's something about you that knows this is not it for me. I want to play a bigger game. The reason that you're here is because you are not willing to settle. The reason that you're here, that being in this energy and around people that are pursuing their greatness, to have something special, you have greatness within it. You have to have a mindset that I'm going to access my greatness and that's why you're here. What about Wilson said his father said to him, why not you? Why not you? You should be successful. People are going to be successful. Somebody will wait in the circle. Why not you? And I said you, there are people who have lost their job. Who've got behind on their bills, who are going through their embarrassment and the shame of bankruptcy and foreclosure and yet and still they did not give up. They kept on fighting to get back to the top and they did. Why not you? There are people that adopt a look down on them and said, you are terminally you. You guys three, three months to live and here's later. They're still here. Why not you? There are people who adopt everything who have been down on their walk and put in a few times to roll together with getting still faith in the law. There are circumstances in the situation of where they work to decide their future and they fall for the house. Why not you? Why not you? Life, everything to all of us is a super goal. Somebody is going to win. Why not you? Why not you? Live from your dream. Why not you? Besides, that I'm going to control my destiny. Why not you? Besides, I'm going to leave a legacy rubber that I'm doing. You. Why not you? Besides, I'm going to make my life now. Why not you? There is each thing that's hit the world you're last. Just one day it will. I believe as we look at ourselves and look at our gifts and look at our dreams that we have a gift. We have something we have gifts that things that we are supposed to do. And as we begin to look at ourselves and look into the future, look at where we are right now. That's great for your legacy being. Who's life will you touch? Who's life will you change? A few can touch the magic strain and famous proud to win them. Alas for those that never sing, but die for their music in them. And last for those that never sing, but die with their music still in them.