People ask me why do I succeed? I succeed because I am willing to do the things you are not. I will fight against the odds, I will sacrifice, I am not shackled by fear, insecurity, without. I feel those emotions, drink them in that swallow the remaining to the blackness of hell. I am motivated by a culture, not pride, I choose to be. Choose their heart for within, if I fall and I will get up. If I be, and I will be mature, I will never stop getting better, I will never give up. Ever, that is why I succeed. Knowing what to do is very different than doing what you know. Putting you in a position where day and night you are thinking about this stuff and it starts to malignate, it starts to connect. Because as your brain gets overloaded, the beauty of that is your conscious mind kind of disappears a little bit. Your unconscious starts to take over and that's the part of your brain. To make your heart need a hundred thousand times a day without you having to think about it. And the great thing about them is we didn't know, we didn't know it was impossible. That's very helpful thing not to know just what they are doing. But if you start to succeed, so no you are a minor in your life cycle, and so you start to succeed now, you have got something to lose. And now you know, an implement same level, you got something to maintain and that's something to hang on to. And so you have to be cautious about that. The way you deal with crisis is number one thing you should do is feed your mind. And you're doing that. Get yourself new answers. The more yourself new environments get new voices. Have new perspectives. Ask a new question. That's the be a level of motion level hunger and you that makes you go fall through. There's got to be a level of energy in you that when you go share with people, you're able to influence some of the fall through. What I'm waiting again is that the single most important skill of life gets the word that all the years have. Infrared. You're creative enough if you're playful enough if you're determined enough if you're focusing enough. You can find a way if you're giving enough if you're generous enough if you're honest enough if you're creative enough. You won't get people to help you who will find the way you will make that thing happen. So if you build an influence in motion. Because that's what effects are into it. We've got to get ourselves into the emotions we're going to move us to action. We've got to do that ongoing because otherwise all this stuff you wrote down will die. Give a die in your head.