You've got to develop a sense of urgency. He said, tonight we were exposed for what we are right now. It means that what I did didn't work tonight! And I've got to separate what I do from who I am. Don't get caught up in, well I've tried it for five times in things in workout. If there's something that you want and you have home report, you've got to do whatever is necessary until. And when you give the best you can and that's not enough, you must do what is required. Most of us go to our graves, still holding on! Rather than releasing it, what are some of those things that keep us from releasing it? Because of past experiences, past defeats, past pain. We look back, well it didn't work out then. You probably won't work out now. The most difficult thing it is is to hold the mission! It's to hold the mission! You want to be persistent among what it is that you want to achieve. What this power is I cannot say. All I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man or a woman is in that state of mind in which he or she knows exactly what he or she wants. And it's fully determined not to quit until they find it. And don't give up on yourself. Don't throw the towel in so quickly. Many people give up on the one-yard line. The life is not just that simple. It's not that cut and dry. And that's why most people never realize their personal greatness because they're casual about life. And when you are casual about life, you will end up for casualty. See the last chapter to your life has not been written yet and it doesn't matter about what happened yesterday. It doesn't matter about the things that you've done that you feel guilty about. If you wouldn't do it today, you're convicting and innocent person. You've been reborn to a new state of consciousness. And as I say, we knew better, we would do better. I decide, I'm unstoppable. I'm going to go up and hit. I'm going to do this better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one. Then have an opportunity and not be prepared. Start working and developing yourself. And prepare yourself. What it is that you want because you expect to get it. When you want something out of life, don't worry about how you're going to get it. How is none of your business? You've got to develop a sense of urgency. And we want to make a conscious, deliberate, determined effort to start living life with a sense of urgency and using what we've got. Using ourselves up, sharing what we brought into the universe to share because if we don't, nobody else will.