Normally the first time when you stop continuously When you step on the focus, the biggest thing now Dude, what you say then, the first one And you say, you can follow and it will be the beauty you see but only the way you do, or the one you see A moment where if you come over the собирs I think that a lot of people just DIGEL SUBSCRIBE But before it gets to that point, it's hard to stack hard work. It's day and day out, it's sacrificed, day and day out. Just died this time when you run, then you just wanna stop you, I was gonna give up right there. There was this on us one of the home. The day we get up and you know what, you have a training today. You know, it's gonna be a ten-thead like a hot guy. I don't wanna go to that, but you gotta go. It's so hard and I'll be with all of them. You'll save both, spreading your head, waiting for a day or a night. My coat of arms is, in a couple of years, we're not gonna have any trap because you're gonna take out of it home. 9.6 9.4 you save both. This thing you're doing for yourself, you're not gonna find anybody else. Yes, you've found me supports you. Yes, you've found you supportive, but you're doing for yourself at the end of the day. And you're the only one who's going out here on a track. So you gotta motivate yourself and you gotta want to be smart. That's everybody else on the track. But I don't know what I'm capable of, but I know what I'm capable of. Oh, that's the lead! Why did they not march it? All by himself! I pressed the line, but, 19, 3, 1! You saved both, struck in the hundred, and now he's stuck again! I don't get scared, usually. When I, I may be doing powerful in training, but when I'm going out of track, it's like a train farm. The confidence that I'm not going to succeed, for my whole body, team care, I'm gonna catch the guy, so, I've got my mentality that I've got to go. I'm never scared anything, never scared anyone. So I've got business when I go out there, and everything comes together in our own way. The teams are both, the strength is our work. Listen, the work is behind the scenes. Competition is a easy part. Behind the scenes, the draw of the work is done. Everything is done to get to that one race that you need to work. People always say that, oh, you say, you make it look so easy. I'm like, it's not, it's just because behind the scenes, I do so much work. So, for me to get a chance to show the world, what I do, why I'm discreet, it makes me happy, so no, they're on this time that it wasn't really easy for me, it's just that I put the work in. Well, it's a fake enough. Well, the death is standing for four months, for a seven point one zero, a dude, four-year-old record. You don't know when you're going to get there. I think the key thing is to train hard, and you definitely need competition. You definitely need races and because I've learned over the years that training helps you. But you have to compete against other people, or if I ever tell the Billy Woppen, and make you know what you, what else you need to work on in training. I mean, just fake part of it, I always say, and I've always explained to people that, sounds away, but it has to get back to get better. You know what I mean? So when it's at your worst and you go, oh my god, you just saw that. Then the only way you can go now is how you know me, so you guys are like, sometimes my knees are like, never gonna make it, but only way you can go now. So all the afternoon now is figure out what to do and work on that and move upwards.