I gotta say some before we get out of here. I gotta say some. Today's my 25th birthday for those who don't know. Now, I used to daydream to class on its side, and I had a teacher with Sheldon, don't know if I love you. She gave me a journal and on a covered at journal. It said, go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life that you've imagined. Now, that's the quote from an American author, Henry David Thuron. Now, I want everybody to take a look at the room right now, because if you don't know, we'd have underdogs. Straight out of the cop, then was my first taste of being the underdog. I had to audition for over two years to get my role. And a lot of people who work on the movie didn't want me to get it. But he wanted me to get it. That's really all that I need. The best advice I can hear you is being tenacious. Be aggressive. Don't be polite. If you polite, you'll be one of the many people standing in the line. You have to be a little pushy. You have to be prepared to say you're sorry that you were wrong or you possibly have made a mistake. But on the whole, you've got to go for it. You ain't never going to round the bases unless you swing it for me. You just have to want it so desperately that you can go without food. Then you're on your way. And so everybody, to all the underdogs, to everybody who's has somebody telling they can't do what they want to do. Family members even tell them they can't do what they want to do. The people who look in the mirror and when you look in the mirror, all you got is that one person I believe is in you. I'm here to tell you that's all you need, baby. So to the underdogs, I don't care what it is you do. I don't care if you act, I don't care what job you have. You've got a boss that's seen a dozen, seen a hundred, seen your type a thousand times. But let them know they ain't seen you yet, I'm out. And so are you looking for a new breakthroughs to practice and practice? You'll get better and better and better. You can always better your best. You can always go beyond anything that you have ever done. You never hit a state of perfection. You're always bigger than what you do. You'll get knocked down but you won't be knocked out. You'll get knocked down but you won't be knocked out.