If you want to live in your passion, whatever your passion is, you have to be willing to not make money at it. If you want to do what you love, you have to do what you love. You have a choice. You can choose money, or you can choose what you love. My parents and I'm sure most people's parents say, get a good job, try to make some money, make a good living. Because I think that's a cure if you make go and make money. If you do a job and you make money, lose that job, then you lose the money you have nothing. If you choose your passion, actually just a matter where you make money, you lose money because you're always going to have your passion be happy. So it doesn't actually matter. It's not your safety note. Right. But the challenge of that is that it might be eight years or four years before you're actually making a living at it. First it's a person, something else. And really when I wrote it, I thought nobody would read it. I thought nobody would read it, but I thought this story is so crazy. I just have to tell this story. But these things that seem you can spend all your time trying to engineer the perfect thing. And the truth is, we have no control. We just don't know what's going to work or what's not going to work. So we're here because we're in meeting where a little bit broken is something we until there we have it. So as you do it, you want to take in all the criticism that comes in and work on what you need to work on. So it's that don't take it personally. You have to have this filter inside that takes in all criticism not personally and not judge mentally. You take in the criticism you think is that true. We need to take the hard look at yourself. If it's true, you work to solve and change it. But it's not true. You just throw it out and move out. Enjoy the journey. Not the destination. A lot of us delay our happiness when I get to this level. When I get my degree, when I get the kids, when I get married, I'm going to be happy. Enjoy the journey. Enjoy the whole step. The whole process. Every day that you get up to strive for whatever it is you're after. You know, I'm a goal-oriented guy. Yeah. But you don't celebrate when you get to the finish last. Celebrate all along the way, somewhere, all along the way. How do I stay driven because I couldn't even comprehend the alternative? The biggest poison in us is regret. You won the ultimate lottery. And you're not driven and you're not fired up and you're not going for it. And you're willing to sit like a lump and just wait till you die. Success without fulfillment is the ultimate failure. If you're going to have an extraordinary life, one of the master skills for actually creating that life is mastering this. Mastering the ability to take what you envision and make it real. It's always worth it to do your best. And to believe in something and to work towards the attainment of the goal. And if it is, that you have to expand your vision. Then you climb higher and you do that and you don't be afraid to. I'm sitting between intellect and instinct. Intellect can describe it but only instinct can find. And from the premise of that ideology, I need to go back to all of my life and begin to see not only me but others. How if they position themselves between intellect and instinct and no flint to you to which one. That makes me think for this analogy. And I'm from the Middle Pursuit, the raising of the family. It is simply over there if you find me. I put in what it takes to withstand the pressure. Five hundred neighbors say you don't know what you're got. You don't know what you've got. And to all hell, great solutions. You don't know what you can take into the pressure in the pot. To your life. You don't know what you can endure. Intellect will until people start you in the back and walk away from you. You don't know how much courage to have until you've been on the fire. And I'm the struggle and I'm the trigger. You can learn what's in you sitting back in a lazy boy chair. Hit the remote control. Watch an A3O and cinema. But what all hell breaks through. That's when you get to see what you've got. Hope and creativity are two of the most important things in the world. To any creative person who's had a door slammed in their face. Or actors who have had their auditions cut off or waited for a call back that didn't come. Or anybody anywhere really that feels like giving up sometimes. But finds it in themselves to get up. Keep moving forward. I share this with you. Because the truth is if you want to be an anomaly, you've got to act with me. I run the climb. To the setback is exciting. I want something going wrong. It's what I shine in most. This is hard. Every day is hard. And if you don't have the stomach to weather this storm, you will not be successful. You've got to get me. We're really strong. We're just being so that we're not. Because there's a lot of money. A lot of money. And telling us that we're not pretty enough. Think enough. Smart enough. Good enough. That I want to tell you your best. If you really want to change your really stuck, I know nothing. I'm letting go of everything. And I'm sort of getting relearned as like a with a child like mine. Sort of being in touch with you and going where you want to go and not being afraid of Leave people behind is what's going to actually make you a leader. Just choose one thing to move toward. And then just go with the path. And you'll end up somewhere with you standing or trying to decide what to do. You'll still be here in a year, two years, three years, four years. Just choose something you kind of like and don't hate. Just start moving toward it. And you'll find that the course and path of life will bring you exactly where you're supposed to be. And you can make money doing anything. And the thing you'll make the most money on is the thing you like the most. Don't take it personally. Not just for pickup, but for life in general. Everyone's a jerk to you someday. And when someone's been asked, I'm a student in Bumps in Duen says, It's not about you. It's, you know, he's a jerk. If you have a day and you lose your job and you're girlfriend breaks up with you. And you crash your car. The world doesn't hate you. You just had a bad day. But if we don't physically make a decision how we're going to live, then we'll show up like everybody else because the human mind is not going to make you happy. This brain of yours won't do it. You have to direct it. And there's no worse fate than to achieve everything and not be fulfilled. The world doesn't hate you.