What I like here to do right now, I want you to think about your dream, because I'm in a room full of dreamers. Think about your dream right now, want your dream about it, and envision it. Dreams without goals are just dream. I set up pretty high goals for myself. What am I going for the short-term? What am I going for the long-term? Make a list of 101 things you want to achieve before you die. I was sure this was someone I said, God, that just seems like a really big task. I'm going to save a while, and I'm going to have a time when I'm going to do that. We know that one of the things about high achievers they all have goals. Only 10% of Americans set goals every year. 10%. We also know the same 3% to 10% controlled 90% of the resources of the world. So literally without goals, you're a directionless. You won't be used. If people without goals get used by other people who have them, people that don't have goals work for people who do. And so you want to be someone who picks up and gets clear about what you want. Make a list of 101 goals. I want to go to Paris. I want to tie dive. I want to run G-Court jump. I want to play the guitar. I want to learn the jungle. I want to learn two magic tricks for the kids. I want to go to the Olympics and Beijing. Whatever it is, make the list. And you'll see there's a lot of stuff under there that you've kind of put down that you want, and you can have anything you want. I set pretty high goals for myself. They're usually higher than what I think most of the people said from me. And I'm very driven to achieve them. I'm a goal that oriented in the kids world. And I just am very driven to achieve those goals. You set goals because you want to achieve certain things in your life. Whether it's goal for me or whether it's buying a house for someone else or whether it's securing a good job or have a family or whatever it is. There's many different reasons why you set goals. I obviously have a lot of goals for my career and a lot of goals for my life as well. But I think it's important to set goals because it means you don't get complacent. You always have something to aim for. You can set results or entertain goals where it's a long term goal or you can set little short term goals to help you get to that long term goal. So instead of saying I want to win the masters, I'll say what will help me win the masters and what I need to improve to get there. I don't think it's enough just to love it and then just to do it and go out and win it. It's not that simple. You need to have structure goals. You need to tell yourself okay, what are my goals for the short term? What are my goals for the long term? Now that I accomplish almost everything, I'm going to post you go out and depend on course things. It's just pretty brief. It's to hit the ball and care, but this is not how you're going to win the masters because you come down to margins and you have to be so clear in your mind exactly what you want to do and what you want to achieve. And for me, it doesn't work without any goals, without any targets, I cannot compete properly. A lot of times my issues, people are not setting goals. That will be something that somebody who will become rich or is to do anything. You've got to be excited about working on that for 10 years. So you've got to have a big enough goal. You know, you attract the best people when you retain them and you keep them focused. Then my experience, you don't go wrong. You know, maybe you don't hit it next year or maybe you fail entirely and you discover something more exciting to work on with the same sort of people. I would say to continue to work hard and don't give up on your goals and I know for me, like I said, I grew up watching my family struggle and grew up with a family that was successful but not born successful and I believe with hard work and with a goal and love and positivity and eventually we're going to be fine. You know, you know, see limits. Because if you come from a space where you're actually ambitious, I don't think ambition is going to behave. I think it's part of the person's natural character. So I always no matter what I accomplish, you're going to see me back at your show saying, I think I got an idea I could make this work. You know, I'll always find a new goal set for myself and work towards a accomplishment because that's what really excites me. That's what makes me happy when it works. About time there's nothing around a support it. It's just me. And they ultimately grow disappointment. Those on the road to achievement cannot be achieved without discipline and consistency. Yes and need ladies and gentlemen, you absolutely must have those goals. What I like here do right now, I want you to think about your dream because I'm in a room full of dreams. Think about your dream right now, what you think about it and envision it. We are dreaming in the dark. We are nothing more than dust. Such what you say last. We are rich and for our discharge.