Never plays the gallery. I think, but you never learn that until much later on I think. But never work for other people. It's what you do always. Always remember that the reason that you initially started working was that there was something inside yourself that you felt that if you could manifest it in some way, you would understand more about yourself and how you coexist with the rest of society. I think it's terribly dangerous for an artist to fulfill other people's expectations. I think they produce their general, they produce their worst work and they do that. And if the other thing I would say is that if you feel safe on the area and you're working, you're not working on the right area, always go a little further into the water than the fully capable of being. Go a little bit out of your dad. And when you don't feel that you're free to quite touch in the bottom, you're just about in the right place to do something exciting. I think you already influenced a certain extent. I think what happens is that you look at somebody and think that maybe something you had as a small seed in your own mind, you see maybe that person has extended that or gone quite a long way with what you think you might like to do anything. Yeah, that person's doing what I really like to do and that's what could happen, that's what I can do with what I've got. Been half their lives trying to avoid bad things happening to them. I'm of the impression that bad things are something that really are important to one's life. Bad experiences are not necessarily a bad experience. You can learn from tragedy, I think you can, I'm not sure that I don't think they should be looked at negatively at all. There's a certain kind of regret that when you haven't been adventurous with your ideas, when you get into a later life and you haven't even tried to do some of the things that you really wanted to do and you can look back and say, damn, I'm really, if only I'd have to go at that, you know, things might have been different or I would at least know if I could do it or not. The people I looked up to when I was a kid, like William Barrow's, like little Richard, like John Lennon, and they did it, you know, and I thought, well, I'm gonna, I'm not, I'm so full of myself, but I'm gonna, you know, go through it too. I didn't strive for success, I strive to do something artistically important. And my brother's face just tells the story. And I go into the emergency room and I was like, Donald Smith, and like I'm sorry, he passed. And they took me into the room. There's my father laying on a gurney. Just dead. It still has a tube sticking out of him, and they're trying to innovate him or something like that. But just motionless quiet, no breathing whatsoever. And when I was a kid, I used to land the floor, and my father watched bowling for dollars. And he would lay kind of, like if the TV's here, he'd lay on his back. And I would lay on the floor on his stomach, watching bowling for dollars and shit. And so after I saw him on the stretcher, I put my head on his chest, because I realized that was it. There's the last time I was ever gonna, so I remember asking him once, what were your dreams? And he was just like, why just wanted to get married and have kids. So I guess it kind of happened. He was a good dude. And he worked at the post office as Hall of Fuckin' Life. You know, I just took pay for the family that he had. He didn't necessarily like working for the post office. Or believe in the mail or something. But it was what he needed to do to pay for his fucking wife and his kids and stuff like that. Good dude. Deserved way better than to die screaming. But that good dude, he did die screaming. And I remember thinking, oh my God, in this world, we're even a good man, like my old man is gonna die screaming. There's no point in not trying to achieve every fucking dream that I have. This is my eventual end. One day, that's it. I want you to ponder these four questions. Here's the first one, and that's why. Why pay the price? Why worked this hard? Why go this far? Why try to learn this much? Why try to do it all? Why try to see it all? Why try to have it all? Why do it? Why learn it? Why study? Why put yourself out? Why try to take on this much responsibility? Why develop yourself to the full? Why try to become all that you can possibly become? Why try to earn as much as you can earn? Share as much as you can share? Develop every skill you possibly can. See every human you possibly can. Go to every class you possibly can. Touch everybody you possibly can. Why do that much? Why go that far? Why share that much? Why give that much away? Why try to see everything? Why try to do everything? Why try to become everything? That's a good question, why? And you're the only one personally that can answer that question for yourself. You've got to have your own list of wise. Here's what I want you to do when you go home after you've left this extravaganza. Work on your list of wise. One of the big thrust for success is to come up with a strong enough wise. In leadership training here's what we learn. If the why is powerful, the how is easy. But if the why isn't strong, if your goals aren't powerful, if the vision isn't clear, the old prophet said without a vision we die without a vision. We perish without a dream. We're nothing. This is my future. We're all probably going to go out screaming. The best thing to do prior to that is to try to pack that life with as much wonderfulness, fun, productivity, surround yourself with people that are going to fucking help you do that. Because in this world there's not a lot of support. Many tell people something they'll tell you why throw a rock and you'll hit somebody with why. Like hey man, I want to make a movie. Why? Why do you think you could do that? Why? Why? Nobody else is doing it. Why are you doing it? This is so much fucking why. You go out and you find why not. You surround yourself with why not. People are just like why not. We're like hey man, I'm going to try something like why not. Let's give it a shot. People who try to help you do your dreams, make your dreams come true and shouldn't you do the same for fucking them. We're all in this together. But I've been trying to impart one simple lesson for nearly 20 fucking years. Anybody can do this. You know what I'm saying? Like I wasn't born into a business or the film business or born with a mic in my hands. I have no fucking discernible talent whatsoever man. I have no connections to the business. You miss 100% of the shots you never take. It's always worth the fucking shot. Live a why not life man because we're all going to die fucking screaming. So make sure when you die screaming you're totally fulfilled. Like I took all the shots. I did it. I'd went after everything I wanted to or at least tried. Take the shot. The shot is always fucking worth taking. So I'm here to tell you man, give it a shot. Go out and try. Without a dream we are nothing. I'm asking you to make a list of what you want. What kind of health do you want? What kind of skills do you want? What kind of income do you want? What kind of gifts do you wish to be so? What kind of power would you like to have? What kind of influence would you like to have? I'm asking you to go home and work on the why. Because if you can come up with a strong enough list of why, Hergle life confurnates the how. Why not see how much you can earn. Why not see how much you can learn. Why not see how many skills you can develop. Why not see what kind of person you can become. Why not see what kind of influence you can have. I want you to establish some of your goals. I want you to give thoughtful consideration. Dear goals. And why not? If a farm boy can wander out of Idaho and finally arrive at this extravaganza, why not see? If Mark used to walk away from the tough side of town and find a few people and make a dream come true, why not see? Why not? Why not? You've got to stay here till you go. I mean what else are you going to do? Why not see how much you can do how far you can go? Why not now? There never was a better time.