I wish there was no suffering. And it just comes with the job. Some of the greatest work comes from pain or some great work comes from love, from loss. It's like wanting to be the best at whatever you do. Never stop at you at the best. I don't believe in doing anything halfway. I believe in going all the way. So, you never stop. When you see hard times and you get knocked down, get back up. And if you keep putting everything you got into it and you keep getting back up when you get knocked down, it's almost impossible to fail. Push until it hurts. Or you want to be always pushing beyond what you're comfortable with. And you're sweating just a little bit all the time. And when that happens when you're constantly pushing beyond what you think what you know is possible. You're always sweating a little bit and you're always a little bit nervous. But that is the drug. And so when you're pushing like that and you're never really relaxed, then it always feels small. Anything you want, good. You can have. So, claim it. Work hard to get it. When you get it, reach back. Someone else up, aspire to make a difference. I found that nothing in life is worthwhile unless you take risks. Nothing. Nelson Mandela said, there is no passion to be found, playing small and settling for a life that's less than the one you're capable of living. To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did. Less browns and motivational speaking you made an analogy about this. It says imagine you're on your dead bed and standing around your dead bed are the ghosts representing your unfulfilled potential. The ghosts of the ideas you never acted on, the ghosts of the talents you didn't use and they're standing around your bed, angry, disappointed and upset. They say, we came to you because you could have brought us to life, they said. And now we have to go to the grave together. So I ask you today. How many ghosts are going to be around your bed when you're time comes? Live my life based upon what other people think about me. I can't consume myself too much or whatever people think. It's just not healthy. I don't think I could continue to do what I do if I was constantly worrying about what somebody thought about it. If you're going to be good at something, it does take a while. Just enjoy the game. You're going to get fed up. You're going to get this home and people are going to tell you you're useless. How do I work? But what I can say after about 15 or 20 years, I learn how to do something well. And I enjoy that, getting there as much as big as it. Now I'm sure in your experiences in school and applying the college and picking your major and deciding what you want to do with life, I'm sure people have told you to make sure you have something to fall back on, make sure you got something to fall back on honey. But I never understood that concept having something to fall back on. If I'm going to fall, I don't want to fall back on anything except my faith. I want to fall forward. I figured at least this way I'll see what I'm going to hit. Full of fall weight. This is what I mean. Reggie Jackson struck out 2600 times in his career the most in the history of baseball. But you don't hear about the strikeouts. People remember the home runs. As the teaching skills get better and better, that hitter needs to be able to adapt in a just. The best thing that ever happened to me, the best thing that ever happened to me is I hit rock bottom. By far the best thing that ever happened to me is hitting rock bottom. I think I think for men I have two boys and I'm going to be in pain when I witness these guys go through this. But I think the best thing that can happen to a man is a heartbreak, a very strong heartbreak, and a very big failure early on in business. And it happens to me early on in life, both heartbreak and business that happened early on, because I thought I knew it all. And it was a slap in the face to save soccer. It says the only thing I know is that I know nothing. If the greatest minds on their deathbed are same things like that what makes you when I think you know everything. If I'm going to fall, I don't want to fall back on you. It's up in my face. I want to fall forward. He said, but imagine if you will be on your deathbed and standing around your bed. The ghost of the ideas, the dreams, the abilities, the talents, given to you by life and that you for whatever reason you never acted on those ideas, you never pursued that dream, you never used those talents, we never saw your leadership, you never used your lies, you never wrote that book and there they asked, standing around your bed, looking at you, but large hangar-y eyes said, we came to you, and only you could have given us life. And now we must die with you forever. I'm not going to fall back on you. So it's not how much you have. It's what you do with watching path and we all have different ways. Some money, some laws, some pages, some of you that are coming to touch people, but we all have, use it, share it. That's what counts. And the question is, if you die today, what ideas, what dreams, what abilities, what talents, what gifts, what die with you. So, what do you think about this? That's the question when you're thinking, why not you? And answer it. I'm not just doing this motivational video. Why not you? Why shouldn't you win? No, no, forget motivational. Why not you? Actually answer that. Why can't you be somebody that can do something in your business that's never been done before? Why not you? Answer it. So give the argument, logically. Here's why not me, because I don't work hard enough. You can fix that. Stop being lazy. Well, whatever, but because I'm not that good at self. You can learn sales. So, okay, because I don't know much about the product. You can learn the products. But why not you? Because no one in my family has been rich. So what, no one was in rich and Zuckerberg's family before he became who he is today. And nobody was in jobs. Jobs, mom even gave him up for adoption. So many things go wrong when you're starting a company. And often I think people ask, you know, what mistakes should you avoid making? And, you know, my answer to the question is, don't even bother trying to avoid mistakes because they're going to make tons of mistakes. Right? And the important thing is actually learning quickly from whatever mistakes you make and not giving up. Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love. I mean, there are things every single year of Facebook's existence that could have killed us or made it so that if you just seemed like moving forward and making a lot of progress just seemed intractable. But you just kind of bounce back and you learn. And nothing is impossible. You just have to kind of keep running through the walls. So why not you make your argument? Why not you? Truly get into it. Then give the other argument. Why not you actually be on this? Why shouldn't you be the person? And say, I'm a very smart person. I love people. I actually like to make money to make a difference in the world. And you know what I care for people. And I have some things I want to do. If I get money, my pocket would be good. I'll do good with it. And I got a big heart and I am talented. And that's why I know the right people. Boom! That's why I'm not sure. Four years after starting SpaceX rolled out its first rocket, an unmanned booster called the Falcon 1. Falcon has cleared the tower. But the first three test flights failed to reach orbit. When you had that third failure in a row, did you think I need to pack this in? There. Why not? I don't ever give up. I mean, I'd have to be dead or completely impressed. Who commits you can't do it? Who commits you can be part of a group of people? I want so many guys on the YouTube that you know are even some of these guys are considered experts by big magazines and they've written to your time best sellers. And they say some shit like Oh, you know entrepreneurs are born. Give me a damn break. Entrepreneurship can be taught. Entrepreneurship is an inspiration that comes from here for some people that want to solve a big problem. What even entrepreneurship is something you're born but I've completely disagree with that statement. Fully disagree with that statement. If you want to do anything worthwhile in life, you've got to be hungry. And so I started working to develop myself. He said, I want you to practice every day being a disjockey. I said, but I don't have any job now. He said, it doesn't matter. He said that it's better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one than to have an opportunity and not be prepared. So every day I was working to develop myself. And that's what you must do. Entrepreneurship, it is a formula. If you hang around other people that think like this and you watch this video and you watch all of that, you tell them, or some of the people that are feeding the right type of content to you and the right books, you read your imagination once they're working. Because entrepreneur is numbers solving problems. How can I do it better faster? Why can't you learn those skillsets? Why can't you? You can't. So why not you? And don't let anybody convince you that people who solve some big problems and you know, are big thinkers that have to be born, being big thing. I'm here to tell you, you can figure out the formula that they can bigger. Greatness is not this wonderful esoteric elusive God-like feature that only the special among us will ever taste. You know, it's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe and I'm willing to die for. I feel so strong that the reason I'm here is I dream big dreams. I dream the kind of dreams that other people said would not be possible. I'm also living proof that this is how I would move the icon literally from the other side of the trash. If you saw where I grew up and took a picture of it, the neighborhood, the setting, you say it's not, it's impossible that someone can come from there and get here. You can do anything. But there are many people along the way who will say to you, you know, you're dreaming too big. It's not possible. Those things just can't happen. Don't allow anyone, friend, family, acquaintance, teachers, whoever it is. Don't allow anyone to tell you that what you are dreaming for yourself and your family is not possible. It is possible. Don't be one of those people. 20 years from now, I'm going to be walking around the nine to five jobs miserable and angry and bitter because you left your dreams, get away from you. This did not believe strong or enough in yourself and what was possible. Don't allow that to happen. This is an unbelievable time. I can't encourage you enough to continue to think that things are possible and that your dreams can come true. I feel like I failed when I didn't put everything I had in into a problem. It goes back to the analogy I made at the beginning. If you don't put it all out there, if you don't put everything you got and just solve in the problem, then that's failure. You have to learn from the mistakes that you made and you've got to create an environment where people are not afraid to take a risk and not afraid to do things that are beyond what the expectations are. Fear is the disease. Hustle is the antidote. You can't count on sales. You can't count on anything but just crazy hustle and just grit your teeth claw your way to success. There was just no easy way to do it. In order to be this disruptive to what's going on, you have to have. You have to be willing to fight and you have to not be shy. You never stop until you're the best. I don't believe in doing anything halfway. I believe you're going all the way. You never stop.