How easy and how convenient is it? First to blame everything in everybody, but the things that we have gone on in our lives. Most of you are waking up every day. Looking for pain, dysfunction, drama, unemployment, being broke, struggling, dropping every excuse in the book about your childhood and the problems and dysfunction that you grew up in that's stopping you from becoming successful. You don't like your friends, so why you still fucking will. You don't trust your managers, agents, employers, so why are they still there? Do you really expect your life and career to be any different from messing with the same things, people and situations? I was reading a newspaper that said that millions of people are dying because of what they're eating, talking about their diet. So that even more are dying because of what's eating this. My message isn't to tear you down and contribute to your negativity. My intentions is to just say enough is enough. I want you to share this message. Stop being a lazy person as full of excuses. Come on up with every excuse in the world as to why you ain't winning. You are the reason you're not winning. You keep messing with negative, evil, and dysfunctional people in expecting positive results. Stop complaining about being out of shape when you never go to the gym. Stop looking at your stomach when you get out of the shower and your body and complaining about the way you look when you're eating everything in sight and never go into the gym. You are the reason you look the way you look. You are the reason you're unemployed. You are the reason why you're surrounding the so-disfunctional and negative. We are being raised in a generation of people. They come up with every excuse in the book as to why they are not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. They're not winning. That's why you're shooting movement. That's why nothing change and nothing will change because you have convinced yourself that everything is wrong is negative and nothing will change in guess what? It won't change. Change your mind and it will change your life. I'm frustrated with the amount of people that are not successful because they have thought their way into a depression. You have thought your way into negativity and misery. You have thought your way into holding on to a dude or a girl that you broke with a year or two ago and you're still sad and miserable and ate and moved on with their life. It's all in the mind. Change your mind and it will change your life. You just have to wake up. You just have to break that negative spirit. You have to break through all that shit that you're carrying. I don't feel sorry for you. You feel sorry for yourself. That's the problem. Even when positive people are trying to give you all this good energy, you have tricked your mind to turn every positive thing that they say into something negative. Every time they say anything that try and motivate you and inspire you, you turn every negative thought and every positive intention. Everything that they try to boost your spirits up, you flip it. You shake it manipulated and you have your soul determined to be negative and miserable. It's unbelievable. If nothing around you changes, change the things that are around you. That there are people out here that could be more successful, that you have fought your way into a depression, you have fought your way into gravitating and moving into the direction of anything and anybody is negative. Everything about your life that you decided that you won it for yourself is so negative that you're expecting to produce positive results. You know, come of your life in your career as a base on the choices that you've made. I love you. I'm asking that you get off the pity party. You stop feeling sorry for yourself. When every level does another double, get off the pity. Make sure you're seasoned to show your moment right now. The question is, are you just going to look at this video and decide, wow, that was some powerful shit and do the same fucking thing. Don't you just share this message. I want you to tag whoever needs to see this message. If you make it till the end of this message, I want you to write enough is enough. It's a new day.