I have heard you say that one in seven men who see a urologist already have irreversible bladder damage. It's crazy. But we did a big study where we looked at men visiting urologists. We tested them and they tested in this zone where we called basically the bladder was no longer squeezing like it can. So the bladder, put simply as a big old pump and over men's lifetime the bladder has to empty through the middle of the prostate and out the urethra. So as women go older they don't have problems with the pump getting weak because their urethra is relatively short and they don't have this prostate which can get bigger with time. But men they have a prostate which gets bigger as we age. So very similar to the problems of the erection. So 50% of 50 year olds will have in a large prostate 80% of 80% of 80 year olds so on and so forth. And of the men with a large prostate have to be symptomatic. So if you have this pump which is struggling to empty because it's trying to squeeze your in through the middle of this donut which is the prostate the bladder gets tired after a while. It's a pump that fails and if men allow that to progress 1 and 7 come to me and that the pumps already go. What does that mean for them? Well either they will need to cat the rise the rest of their life to get the urine out either in and out or have a catheter in or they'll need a very aggressive surgery in the hopes that they'll be able to pee on their own by what we call craday-voining. Paring down. They're on my mind. They're pushing the urine out. So it can be avoided if when men get symptoms they go to the doctor relatively early and either they get a surgery early because that's the best way to preserve the pump. What would the symptom be that they are just getting would it be urinary retention or this feeling where they're having to go a lot but they can't go and feeling like there is urine still that they still have to pee? Yeah it's the former it's pushing or straining to go. Men who can't empty their bladder effectively. So one test we'll do is we'll have guys peeing to machine. We'll measure how strong the stream is. We'll give them a score and then that can be predictive of the need for surgery, etc. But more importantly we measure how much the left behind after they go. And if that number is zero you're good. However if that number starts climbing you pee out 400 you leave a hundred behind. You wait another year you pee out 300 you leave 200 behind. Pretty soon the ratio is nothing comes out and you leave everything behind. So that is the best way to kind of predict this loss of bladder function is by seeing how much is left over. Other signs can include ignoring your not emptying so that can suddenly lead to frequency getting infections. Right? Because you're in a direct infections because our number one defense against infection is peeing out the bacteria. And if you are not into your bladder well basically there's like a little swamp in the air or the bacteria like someone around having a field day and then manifesting with the infections. How would a woman know that she has the equivalent? Women will very rarely have these obstructive symptoms because they don't have the the hardware to cause the bladder to to malfunction. But the important lesson here is that you know the bladder causes this mischief. Lots to squeeze all the time and there are many lifestyle factors that lead to more bladder mischief and make me have to peeing more often and make you miserable. But and so sometimes a man will come to therologist saying, doc my prostate is horrible. And no they have the same thing that women have this overactive bladder. Yourologist job is to separate like what the problem is. But for men that have struggling urine you have to rule out the pulpe problem because if you don't you're going to have to get a catheter life long and that's not what you want to believe me. In terms of you know what can we do about the overactive bladder? This kind of irritative symptom type of thing not pushing or straining but having to go often running to the bathroom, having to get up in the middle of night like basically having accidents when you don't want to. These are bladder behaviors. So not not prostate behaviors. That's we have talked about this. We need to clarify this. You have also said which I thought was brilliant. How many times you pee in the middle of the night can predict the likelihood of death? So big men analysis. I think from 2015 men analysis when you take all the best literature you combine it and you try to come up with conclusions. So this men analysis of that men who have nocturia that's greater than two times at night they get up three times a year or more or 30% more likely to die of all causes. Heart attacks. It's kind of things. Does that mean that if you pee three times in the middle of night you're doomed? Of course not. Not a causal relationship. It's a correlative relationship. Meaning the answer probably is that if you're getting up three times in the middle of the night to pee you've got other stuff going on. One do you have sleep apnea where you can't sleep soundly and that's making it more often. Two do you have a demon in your legs because you have heart failure. You get to pee more often in the middle of the night. Three you have metabolic abnormalities. You have diabetes which makes you pee more often. All these kind of potential risk factors will make you pee more. So the fact that you're peeing tells me you're unhealthy. If you mitigate that on healthiness, if you lose weight, you start to exercise, you reverse your diabetes. Guess what? You won't pee as often. Right? So a lot of these things are reversible in life with human bodies amazing if we treat it right. Would is there a normal amount of time someone gets up? And again I'm thinking about my dad shout out to Nate in Ecuador probably embarrassed. He often says, okay, well I'm waking up in the middle of the night. Two, three, again, he lost me at three to go to the bathroom. Yeah. He is 74. Would that be prostate? Would that be bladder? Would it be impossible to tunnel? Yeah. So it's typically unusual to have to get up in the middle of the night less than age 50. Right? Once fine. But once you start getting it more and more often, we know as we get older, again, the latter loses capacity. As we get older, we tend to make less hormones that prevent us from being in the middle of the night, specifically we make less ADHD. If you have sleep apnea, the body perceives this lack of breathing as high blood pressure to the chest. And so it sends out, Nate, your atratic peptide, which makes us spill salt into the urine which pulls fluid with it. So again, these other medical comorbidities will make us have more not to worry. So I'd say if you're getting up more than three times at night, you first should look at lifestyle factors. And then obviously look to improve the other metabolic components that we just discussed. But yeah, here at risk for other things because that's a warning sign that's going on. It's really interesting because just again, as a practicing physician training in safety on the medicine and even geriatric surgery, here's some flow max. See you next time. It's a very dangerous approach. One, you're making the assumption that it's the prostate. It could be bladder. It could be the fact that this person's drinking eight liters a day. And we can talk about bladder, or since then. We definitely talk about bladder intents because you just killed half the less. I just. The other thing though is that flow max is a drug that, you know, it's temp cells. And there's all these other drugs which will improve the strength of the stream. But it doesn't protect the pump. So actually the worst thing you can do for guys with obstructive symptoms is to give them flow max because then you won't seem again for another 10 years. But by the time they've come back, now the bladder has had the damage that's unreversible, irreversible. So flow max is not a drug that will protect you long term. So if you have true prostate enlargement, I'm an enthusiast for early intervention. That is doing procedures that will help, you know, take away some of the resistance of the process. So men, P-better, and they protect their long term bladder function. You can use medications to have this effect as well. These drugs are typically. Feverize the ones that actually physically shrink the size of the prostate, kind of a chemical surgery if you will. These drugs will prevent the need to go to the emergency room because you can't pay the need for surgery in the future. But if you just give somebody flow max and say, you know, see you see when I see you're at high risk for having that person have long term bladder damage.