Everybody is going to want to know what is your diet. What is it? Yeah, I mean for me, and I talk about this in the book, I really focus on cellular biology when I think about diet and the diet that I've presented in good energy, it's very first principles. It's not dogmatic, it's about what molecular components do we know, support the cell and doing its best work? Because if a cell is functioning properly, like we don't have symptoms, so I think one framing when I talk about diet that people need to realize is that all symptoms and all disease are necessarily the results of cellular dysfunction. There's no symptom or disease that arises in a vacuum. There is cellular dysfunction happening if you have a symptom or disease. And one of the key ways that we help ourselves function properly is the 70 metric tons of molecular information that we put in our mouths at our lifetime, right? That both builds our body, literally builds the structure of the cells and also tells the cells what to do, change our epigenetics, our cell signaling, our genetic expression. So really thinking about food as molecular information. And when I was really looking at what are the components that cells can benefit from in their journey to function properly, there were five things that I think are important. One is I'll start with the one that is so relevant to you, which is healthy protein. Protein is an incredible signal. We have, well, run through them all first and then we talk about the all that. So the five things that I think are really important for healthy cellular function that we should include in every meal is healthy protein, antioxidants, omega-3 fatty acids, a probiotic source, and a fiber source. And so for different reasons, each of those can signal to ourselves good function. The health, I mean, you talk about this better than the one literally on the face of the planet, but healthy protein is like a signaling molecule. We have literally nutrient sensing cells in our gut that see the amino acids and it changes the expression of what they do. I think it's so funny, the whole like GLP1 agonist conversation and like everyone, you know, we're having this fever pitch about these medications that are exogenous GLP1 analogs. In reality, when a nutrient sensing cell in the gut, the L cell is stimulated by specific amino acids, valene is one of the ones, but others glutamine, arginine others. When it actually senses those amino acids, it produces GLP1 in much higher concentration. So certainly there's a utility for these drugs in certain patient populations, but everyone in America, given the obesity epidemic, should know how to stimulate their own satiety hormones with specific food nutrients. So protein for so many reasons, obviously it's also a signal to ourselves for antabolic processes for building and maintaining muscle mass, so many other purposes. But then we look at antioxidants. You know, one of the biggest root causes of the diseases in the symptoms that we have today is excess oxidative stress. It's this like firestorm happening inside ourselves that we have the power through three ways to actually improve with our diet. We can eat antioxidants. We can reduce our consumption of pro-oxidant foods. And we can also express antioxidant genes in ourselves through other foods. So that's a key one. Fiber, of course, is going to feed our microbiome, which is the gunner, then produce short chain fatty acids, which have a whole range of positive metabolic benefits. Our probiotics sources, similar to the fiber, are going to support our microbiome. And help us create the diversity and abundance of helpful bacteria in our gut that is so relevant to all aspects of mental and physical health. And the omega-3 fatty acids are so critical because if we're eating good omega-3 sources, first of all, we're going to be eating some really beautiful whole foods like fish and seeds and nuts that have these compounds. But they are so important as a signaling molecule in our inflammatory cascade. And just like oxidative stress, chronic inflammation is one of the key root causes of our chronic disease epidemic and the symptoms we're facing and omega-3 is which incorporated into the cell membrane, literally form a substrate for anti-inflammatory immune chemicals that can, you know, be very important in resolving inflammatory processing the body. So all that is to say, when we focus on getting those five components in most all of our meals, and the way we do that is by having a short list in our head of our favorite sources of each of those things of the protein, omega-3s, antioxidants, fiber, and probiotics sources have your little mental list of your favorite things in each of those categories. Stock your kitchen with them and then it's very mix and match, just like grab your hemp seeds, grab your, you know, sardines, grab your beef, whatever it is and make a meal that has those. And eating becomes much, much simpler. So anyways, that's really how I try and focus my eating is component-based more than dog my based. And those components could go from they could work for keto, they could work for vegan, they could work for paleo, they could work for like ancestral diets, maybe not carnivore, just because I do talk about fiber, but one fascinating thing about fiber and carnivore, and I actually make this caveat in the book is that one of the short-chain fatty acids that your body makes when you eat fiber is buterate. And we also make buterate on a very low carb diet in a different way by actually producing it through fat oxidation. And so even though carnivores aren't eating fiber, they're still making a very similar molecule to what the microbiome makes, and are kind of getting it in a different way. And so that's the one I would say exception, but long story short, that's yeah, I focus on getting those five components and eliminating all refined grains, refined sugars, and refined cedoils, and that's how I focus on my diet. It's interesting because it shows how adaptable the body is. You had mentioned carnivore, and yes, the carnivore diet is low in fiber, but the body can adapt and make buterate. The body is amazing, and I would argue that it can adapt to various types of diet. You talked about protein, you talked about antioxidants, omega, probiotic, and fiber. What are your favorite, and I want to go through each of these, because I'm curious is to know what your favorite is. What is your favorite protein? I'll run through them super fast, and basically if you go to my kitchen and I've posted videos of my kitchen, this is essentially what is my kitchen. Based on what I'm about to say, it's my favorite sources of each of these things. So for protein, I have a freezer full of ground game meats, which I get from both hunters and also from force of nature, or other really wonderful original company. So for protein, it's ground elk, ground bison, ground venison, ground grass vet beef, ground regenerative pork. I also have all have pasture raised chicken breast, chicken thighs, turkey, things like that. So basically lots of really sustainably sourced meats. I also do happen to love beans and legumes for protein, and they don't affect me at all in a negative way. I know this for a fact, because my HSCRP is less than 0.3. So for people who say that they're inflammatory, check your biomarkers, but beans and legumes and meat. And then I like eggs, but eggs also aren't the best protein source. Like I, you know, six grams per egg. So I usually supplement a little of my protein today with about three eggs, but mostly it's the meat that I get the protein from, really originally sourced. What about the antioxidants? Antioxidants, it's just a kitchen full of farmers market fruits and vegetables. It's colorful and rich colors as possible. So I just try and get as many, I basically shop for my fruits and vegetables based on color, not based on type, because I can cook with any vegetables and you know, low glycemic fruits. So purples, reds, yellows, greens, etc. lots of colorful fruits and vegetables, but the main antioxidant, the highest antioxidant sources are actually spices. Tea, cocoa, and so using a lot of cocoa in my cooking like 100% organic, cocoa tons of spices and then teas as a drink like green tea. Those are some of the highest antioxidant sources. And then some nuts and seeds have antioxidants. The highest antioxidant net of all of them is pecans, actually. So by, by like a large margin. So I eat a lot of pecans. For probiotics sources, I love sourcrout. I have like five different types in my fridge. From the farmers market, organic beat and cabbage sourcrout, carrots, sourcrout, things like that. I love cavas, which is a low sugar, kombucha alternative instead of using sugar and tea to make a drink. A fermented drink, it actually just uses beats and water. And that's it. So the fermented drink is basically from fermented and the carbohydrates with beats. I love kimchi and I love unsweetened full fat grass-fed yogurt. And so those are my my my probiotics sources. For fiber, it's basil seeds, hemp seeds, chia seeds, flax seeds, beans, legumes, raspberries, which is the highest fiber fruit and avocados, which are very oddly super high fiber. So those are my main fiber you know, it is on. When you look at the breakdown. Like 13 grams of fiber, but chia seeds and basil seeds are great because they have like five grams of fiber per table spoon in their easiest sprinkle on salads. And then for omega-3s, it's a pantry full of canned wild cop fish that I put on top of lots of different things. So I have wild cop salmon, wild cop macarol, wild cop sardines from wild planet. I love those. Those will have like 2,000 milligrams of omega-3s per package. And then in terms of plant-based omega-3s, I love hemp seeds, flax seeds, basil seeds, and chia seeds. And then certainly wild cop or regeneratively raised beef has a decent amount of omega-3. So so that's kind of the spectrum of pretty much what I eat.