Welcome to the Dr. Gabriel Lineshow. In this episode, I sit down with Dr. Eric I. President and Chief Medical Officer of Weave, Neuroscience Biotechnology. Now, I met Dr. Eric at Global Special Operations Week, and why was I so interested in the things that he was talking about? If you are someone who struggles with brain fog, energy, depression, PTSD, someone who struggles with traumatic brain injury, if you've gotten hit in the head, or been exposed to things that might jar your brain, and you've tried everything. This episode is for you, it's for anyone and everybody that is suffering with anything related to their brain. I hope you enjoy this episode. I hope you learned as much as I have, as always, this information is free to the public. Please, please take a moment to share it, spread the good word, rate, subscribe so you don't miss an episode. And if you are interested in information like this to make you the better and best version of yourself, take a moment to go to the website, subscribe to our newsletter. This is free content delivered directly to your inbox without having to do anything. Because remember, friends, together, we are forever strong. Dr. Eric Juan, thank you so much for coming on the show. Very excited to be here. Thanks for having me. Yeah, and so people should know a little bit about our history. We met at special operations, week, it was global special operations week, and it was really incredible. All the operators from around the world got together. Well, they all didn't get together, but the people, the medicine, the community got together to really move the needle and anywhere one of the individuals there. Yeah, yeah, it was very much an honor and privilege to be able to speak there. It was run by an organization called Global Soft, Stu Brayton and Keenan Yohoe or good friends who are running the operation, but yeah, I was able to speak and provide some updates on some of our clinical trials. And of course, the community is very interested in emerging data with traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress. So, was able to provide an update to the community there. Yeah, and you are a former Navy. I'd love to hear a little bit about your background, especially the listener. Oh, sure. Yeah, so I was a Navy flight surgeon, which attached to a Marine Corps unit, HMM268, and we deployed as the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit. We had a somewhat unfortunate distinction. We had some of the first casualties of operation I rack you freedom. And as a bioproductive that, I've always been looking for something that could help the men and women that I served with, which is a big part of why you end up in the organization that I'm with. But I left a military service finished up my medical training at the Harvard Occupational Medicine Program and ended up at the Bowen Company, where most people know we build planes and satellites, but we have emergency rooms. At all of our heavy manufacturing sites, and I took on a different role as your chief technology officer for medical services, which is how we interface with this technology. And was hearing how could help men and women who were struggling with a variety of conditions, and specifically those of post-traumatic stress and concussion type symptoms that really drew me in. So, fast forward a few years, I did quite a bit of diligence during the company about eight years ago. And this is this wave narrow? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. So, it's really been a full sprint ever since. The war is never pretty for anybody, for the families, the individuals there. And I can only imagine that that really impacted your trajectory of how you even thought about medicine. Yeah, it's hard to articulate the type of impact that can have on the whole community. And, you know, the mission for me at least changed quite a bit from one of force readiness and support to how do I help all these men and women not just in the near term, but long-term. Because the conflict was very kinetic, a lot of traumatic brain injuries, a lot of post-traumatic stress. And those tend to be more long-term lingering conditions. And so, you know, I might not see them. That's right. That's right. And so, it is one of those challenges to try to find clinically meaningful therapeutic second help people through these issues. And it is one of those things that we learn that there is this secondary effect to families where both spouses and children can struggle both with not having the service member at home, but also some of the trauma gets shared. And so, so that's been a big part of our effort as well. The reason I asked you about that is, you know, we were talking about my husband who is now in his astrology residency. He was in the seal teams and he was a medic in the teams. I don't know if I told you that, again, he had been to war and there was a lot of things that he couldn't help with. And that actually saw a lot of lower blast injuries and there was a lot of just experiences that he wished that he was able to do more weight in that moment. And that's why he actually went into your all-year-old or in part one of the reasons he went into your all-year. Wow. Yeah. And so, that's where my questions were coming from because, again, he had been a medic at war and there is only so much that can be done. And when you experience that, it seems as if you take that experience and do you really good work in the world. Yeah. It certainly drives a different level of passion. You know, when the motivation is about mission and purpose, you can work long hours, grind through a lot of things and not even think about it. It just ends up being kind of a labor of love. And I would say that the science and the evidence around traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress has evolved kind of at an unmatched pace. I would say over the last decade. And so it's a fascinating time to be in the Serena and to see the types of developments that are happening both from a neuropathologic perspective. But our world when we're talk about a lot of physiology and functional brain imaging, there's been a lot of knowledge gained even year over year since month to month, we're learning new things. So rapid. That's so rapid. And to give people a background, you told me that you had done environmental medicine, environmental and occupational medicine, and then emergency medicine found this and then obviously were a flight surgeon and found this, you know, as you went back to, re-exammer what you were doing, you found Wavenero, which I'd love for you to explain a little bit about the technology and the treatments and what it is impacting. Sure. So the basic technology, it's emerging three different capabilities. One is a functional neuroimaging technology called quantitative EEG or electron cephalogram. So much in the same way an electron cardiogram is an electric physiologic picture of the heart. These EEGs are electrophysologic pictures of the brain. And we're specifically looking for disruptions or dysregulations in brain activity and neural networks. And we can identify that. We can, with a fair amount of precision target those areas and try to restore function to the circuit. And we use another technology that's FDA cleared for depression, but we're using it kind of agnostic to the diagnosis and looking to restore function to a specific circuit, most common with the default mode network. And when we see that type of function return, we also see concurrent improvement and symptoms. And we can talk a little bit more about that, but to give you an idea, it's about 30 minutes a day, the treatment. And it's usually between four and six weeks depending on the severity of the injury that we see. And just to share kind of my first experience with this technology, I was very skeptical. But I had a marine buddy. He wouldn't mind me mentioning his name, but let's just call him J to keep him medical privacy. But basically because he doesn't want you, he's not people calling him. Yeah, but he's a very dear friend. He was really struggling. And it wasn't just him. His friends were calling me saying, hey, can we do something? And I worry that he was going to commit suicide. I was. Yeah. And he he sort of the classic poly trauma with the VA calls it poly trauma case. He had post traumatic stress, traumatic brain injury and opioid addiction. And the third was a bi-product of a failed back surgery. He had pseudoarththrocers of L4L5 and chronic pain. And he's on about 170 morphine equivalence per day, which is a very high dose for the audience that may not be aware. Anything more than 100 morphine equivalence per day, or will double your risk of all cause mortality in any given year. So that was the respiratory failure injury. It's for a variety of reasons, but respiratory failure is a common reason. But there can be multiple organ issues that happen with chronic opioid use. Even is very common to see hypogonadism and low testosterone. And so there's multiple issues that happen that can happen. The opioid use. Exactly. Yeah. So it's called opioid induced hypogonadism. And so a lot of these people who are on chronic years of opioid end up requiring, you know, many different medications to manage their symptoms. But, you know, when I met with him, I talked to him. I wanted him to give this treatment to try because one of the novel therapeutics that I'd seen at that time. At that time. Because what you're talking about is transmecnetics, personalized transmecnetics simulation. Yes. In short. For the listener, basically, Dr. Eric and I are kind of framing up for you is why and if and, you know, when someone should use things to treat depression, head injury, TBIs, which then manifests in a whole host of ways, including hypogonadism, including depression, including energy fatigue. I mean, you and I share patients together. I send not only as my husband seen individuals that wave neurobit, I have patients that use these kind of protocols that that's how impactful they are. But anyway, at the time, how long ago was that? This is around the 2015-2016 time frame. Not that long ago. Because transmecnetics simulation. And I know that that's only one of the modalities that you guys use. It wasn't so novel at the time, right? It was not as well known as it is now. And I think it's become more mainstream and accepted as a non-formers food or co-intervention that can really help with depression. And I've seen many cases of people who had given up hope. They tried many of these anti-depressants and top therapy, kind of behavioral therapy. And this was the approach that seemed to help them the most. And so I knew that TMS by itself was very promising. And the question became, could you personalize it in a way that could help other populations? And we can take a deeper dive into that. But just to finish the story about my friend, my friend, I think. That came right. Yeah, so he came in. And I have pictures where he was very disheveled. He looked nothing like the crew chief that I deployed with, you know, decades earlier. And he came in grudgingly. And within the first week, we could see a change because he was sharing again. He was going to work out. And at the two week mark, his wife sent me a picture, instead I got my husband back. And he shaved. And you could see kind of the life come back into his eyes. And within a month, he had given me a call and said, hey Doc, I'm off my opioids. And my initial reaction as most medically trained doctors would be, hey, that's a little dangerous. That's a lot of opioid to come off in such a short period of time. But he had tapered himself down. And kind of boggled my mind, you know, traditional medicine. We don't expect to see these kind of changes in such a short period of time. But I knew this was my friend. He's not going to lie to me. And both him has spoused his children. We're all saying that this was really quite transformed. So I started paying attention. I said to him about it, does not have the Marines. And it was a very consistent benefit that we're seeing. And so I still remember the day, there's a Navy Seal Master Chief. Your husband may know. I won't mention him by name either. But does he under five, five? He's not. He's not. Okay. Okay. But yeah, at this point, there's a lot of special operations who were coming in. And the organization had asked me to come in as one of the leaders. And I had declined several times. I was just very happy in my role of Boeing. And this seal Master Chief kind of put his finger in my chest and said, what do you stand for, brother? Are you going to do this for the rest of your life? Stay at Boeing, or are you going to get in the trenches and help out your brothers and sisters? And really, that resonated with me in a way that I was not anticipating. Because this was a different level of mission of purpose if we can help a vulnerable community, not just patient to patient but a whole population of people that are struggling with a condition where there are very few effective therapeutic options. That was worthy of a pretty significant career change. And so spoke to my wife about it and she agreed. She said, this is all you think about. This is all you talk about. Why was it that that was the thing that caught you? I mean, you saw a lot of different kinds of injuries. Was it that the TBI, what we're talking about, specifically the traumatic brain injury, was it because the treatment seemed to do something? Why was it that caught your attention over say something else? That's a big piece of it because to this point there haven't been a lot of therapeutic set were really helping in a meaningful way. And I spent the prior 15 years trying to help men and women who are struggling with this. And we could see improvements, but this wasn't a matter of weeks people having improved cognition, having improved sleep. These were secondary effects of the injuries that we typically didn't see through traditional medical therapeutics. The other part of this that I found really intriguing is it's really the first time in the course of human history where we had the ability to predictably in some level of precision, modulate brain activity in a way that could be helpful. So to me that was worthy of spending a life trying to advance the science and help these communities that were really struggling. And I could see that both among close friends that I deployed with but other people who are coming in looking for answers. It's just it's so meaningful, especially with what you're doing now. When you started the technology or started using the technology you saw this with your friend Jay, we talked about one component of it. So it's the EEG. The other component is the trans-renetic simulation is that right? And then there's a third component? Well the third component is computational analytics that go into designing the protocol for each individual. And that's what we're trying to get FDA cleared. Right now we have a lab full of neuroscientists who are customizing protocols to each individual. But to scale that we have an automated protocol generator that can now do 100,000 EEG per second. And so if we're talking about being able to administer this treatment to millions of people. And right now the estimate is 150 million cases of post-traumatic stress globally. And I suspect that's an underestimate just with Ukraine and Israel. There's growing numbers of trauma every day. And for us a lot of my perspective as a military doc was about the veteran experience. But I've learned social trauma survivors are a much larger population of trauma than what we see in the combat related arenas. And so... What do you mean? Can you tell me more? I didn't realize that. Yeah so women or men who survive sexual trauma are living with PTSD many times. And that can manifest in many different ways. But as we opened up our clinical trial. So the first phase of our FDA clinical trial was sponsored by U.S. Special Operations Command. And the second stage was picked up by Texas A&M with the idea that we need to open this up to civilian and not just do military cases only. And we saw the large influx of interest from sexual trauma survivors. And one of the issues that we encountered was that an inclusion, exclusion, correct here for the study, was that they should not have index trauma. The first trauma should not happen for the age of 16. And sadly the majority of those sexual trauma cases, the index trauma happened before the age of 16. So they didn't qualify for the study. Which is a horrible reflection on society at large. But it was one of those things where as a technology we forward and progress is we're learning new communities that we can help. And that has been a population we've seen fairly significant in promising data. So we're still a year away from being up to unblind that data. But yeah it was one of those things that was challenging to learn. But PTSD extends far beyond just the veteran and military community. Thank you to Trulene for sponsoring this episode of the show. Now before you fast forward through this ad, let me mention that the reason that we have so many ads is so that you can enjoy this content for free. Take a moment to support the sponsors because that's how we get this content out to you. Now, every day wellness is a product that is amazing and they have these wellness shots. Basically the company Trulene made a wellness shot that I can travel with that I can bring on the plane that I can use at the hotel and here's what it has in it. It has 1000 milligrams of vitamin C, a little cayenne pepper. It has turmeric in it. It has rich phytonutrients. Take a little pack. Put in water. Taste delicious. I use it all the time. I use it when I am sleep deprived. When I am traveling, when I need a little extra boost, no caffeine, nothing just great flavor and an incredible phytonutrient shot. You can get yours there. Not only sponsoring this episode, but in addition, they are offering you 50% off. Go to Trulene. That's TRU, L-E-A-N.com for 50% off and again, it's everyday wellness. They're wellness shot and if you are enjoying this episode with Dr. Eric Juan, you'll have to understand how important it is to augment your overall health and wellness because again, the underlying health and wellness will allow you to stand up against the storm of life. Trulene.com 50% off. Thank you to Puri for sponsoring this episode of the show. One of the reasons why I always take an omega-3 fatty acid is for overall brain health. It doesn't matter your age. Even my kids take omega-3 fatty acids. Moode, it is wonderful for mood and overall cardiovascular health and inflammation. I am bringing to you Puri O3, which is a high quality, well-tested fish oil. Let me tell you about this. Puri O3 is third-party tested and certified by Clean Lake projects. I'm sorry, Clean Label Project. What it is is it makes available the testing results. No contaminants, no heavy metals. These are things that, as a provider, as a mom, I'm very concerned about. I don't want to be giving a supplement that is a concentrated supplement that has a whole bunch of contaminants. Puri O3 is a world-class supplement line and company. I absolutely am thrilled to bring this to you. And by the way, they are offering my audience 20% off. All you have to do is use the code Dr. Lyon for 20% off. Puri Omega 3 Fish Oil has a high dose of 2,000 milligrams of Omega 3 fatty acids, EPA, DHA, and Natural Triglists Ride Form. I personally can tell the difference. They also have products that have little packets where you can throw it in your bag. It has vitamin D in it, it has magnesium, no fishy flavor, nothing. It truly is what I think is going to be on the forefront of top products. So, support your health, throw it into your regular routine, go ahead and grab your Puri O3. And that is Puri ORI.com slash Dr. Lyon. That's Puri ORI.com slash Dr. Lyon. So, to kind of summarize the wave neuro technology, which is what we're talking about. And actually what we're talking about is overall brain health. We're going to learn all about how it works, what people are looking for. You and I have gone through cases and it's just so fascinating the way that someone could potentially process information where they might be tired or where their brain might be. I don't remember what you call it, but it was a bit, it was somewhat overburdened or it wasn't, it was very elegant the way that you set it, but essentially it was a non-optimized brain. And that potentially things get a little bit worse before they get better or it's not just this trajectory upwards of healing our improvement. But the brain function itself, you talked about traumatic brain injury, which is a physical insult to the brain. Now, you mentioned PTSD, which is a non-physical, it would be a manifest physically, but it's an external stimuli of an event. Both PTSD can come in a number of ways, whether it's sexual trauma or war trauma any of those things. And then is there another and then depression? So, you also mentioned depression as ways in which non-pharmaceutical ways in which we treat the brain. Are there any other potential subgroups, sub set of groups of things that we're treating? So, if the listener is at home thinking, why do I care about what Dr. Eric is talking about? You care because probably quite frankly, everybody should go through this testing because you might have hit your head and your brain waves are functioning out of lack, right? But are there other specific domains of people that are listening out there that they should potentially get their brain checked? Yeah, to your point, I think it's useful for everyone to get any EEG and to see how their brain is doing, getting a baseline, provide a reference point for which if there is some type of injury that occurs in the future, you at least know how is my brain functioning back in 2024? But there are other sub-populations that are emerging as potential use cases for the technology. Not just what we've neuroscience is doing, but the whole neuromodulation community is looking at can this be helpful for substance use disorder? I talked about my friend Jay who was struggling with opioid use, we're seeing some use cases for autism. To be clear, there's a large amount of research, double-blind RCTs, the gold standard of scientific evidence that needs to be done before we can make any kind of claims about this. But I think it's fair to say that we're seeing some early signal that this technology may have some use cases that warrant further investigation and interrogation. And I think when we talk about those different indications, it's worth spending a moment talking about network modeling. And I think that means the example that you were talking about earlier, and this is, I think, a fairly exciting development in the neuroscience world. And what is emerged is something that's called triple network theory. There's a Stanford professor, his name is Vinod, you know, I maybe miss pronouncing it, but he proposes triple network theory, where there's sort of three separate circuits that dominate neurocognitive function. And every thought feeling in emotion we have isn't coded three dimensionally in time and space. And if we had the same exposure, let's just say we look at a cup of coffee, you know, how that would look in your brain and my brain, maybe quite different. So there's a lot of complexity to this. We have 89 billion neurons, each other interconnected to 10,000 other neurons. And how that picture shows up in an image can be very different. But there's certain invariant components to that that you can image and see and potentially pick up neuro pathology as well. And so the three circuits are called the saline's network that's very closely associated with depression, the default mode network, which is sort of the area that we've been most intensely focused on. And the central executive network or front to pride on that work is also called. And these three interplay and have been researched with a really good amount of rigor. And so there's a Stanford researcher by the name of Nolan Williams, who looked at an accelerated protocol to treat depression. And specifically was targeting the saline's network. Our work is very focused on default mode network because dysregulation of the DMN has been strongly correlated to TBI and PTSD. And before you go further, default mode network, can you define a little bit about what that is? From my understanding, it's kind of the way in which the brain waves run in outside of cognitive control or cognitive thought process. When I was at Washington, there was a man named Marcus Reikel. Do you know who that is? Yeah, I think he won the Nobel Prize or something. Something crazy or was nominated for the Nobel Prize for some of his work and default mode network. And I remember just talking to him because he is like this big brain imaging place there. But could you explain, and that's kind of how I understood it from what he said, but I'm sure that there's another way in which you, yeah. So the DM, we'll call the default mode network DMN. It's your resting state kind of it idle. And a lot of neuroscientists would say that this is the specific network that deals with self-monitoring and self-awareness. And so any type of dysregulation here can manifest in a number of different ways. The important part is that there appears to be a pretty linear relationship between disruption of the DMN and severity of post-traumatic stress. And there's some great work done by there's a researcher out of floor state and Kevin Clancy who has found that if we tune to that and we treat that, we can see improvements in those symptoms as well. And that's part and parcel for our approach. And so this network modeling allows us to take strategic approaches to these treatment protocols. And so I mentioned the Stanford approach, deer treating an specific air called the left-door slot-uprifrontal cortex, and they're trying to tap into a circuit that salience network. And specifically, if they're able to, they call it anticorelation reverse, the communication between what's called the subject in the anterior single-court-text and the left-door slot-uprifrontal cortex, they see vermission and depression. So you can actually see this on FMRI. How long does that take to happen? And that protocol is just a week. And you can actually see, so you put someone into an FMRI machine, which is a machine in which you can actually see, how would you describe an FMRI machine? Yeah, so the different FMRI and a traditional MRI is taken over a time series. I see you can look at function over a period of time. And in this case pre-imposed treatment, you could look at changes between how the brain connectivity is a current. Is it current? Is it current? Is that correct? Exactly. So it's more of a dynamic type of neuroimage rather than a static still image. E.E.G. is similar instead of looking at metabolic activity, it's looking more at electric physiological function. And so whereas they're targeting depression and the salience network, our approach has been to look at the default mode. Now we're actually stimulating in different locations. The medial prefrontal cortex, that is what's been most closely associated with post traumatic stress and TBI. What's interesting is that a lot of physiologically TBI and PTSD look very similar. Now there's some neuroscientists that would argue it's almost instinctual. And so you start to wonder, is PTSD perhaps a secondary byproduct, at least in veterans of some form of traumatic brain injury because we are learning just the training that a lot of service members go through is TBI inducing. And when I talk to these operators and they talk about breaching doors or even one of the, there's two other populations where we've seen significant overpricedization blast exposures. One is artillerymen and the others EOD explosive awareness to say also. But the EOD guys have a rough job because they have to practice exactly. And I know that there's ways in which they try to mitigate exposures. Yeah. Well yeah, the men of women that we're taking care of, they're taught, you know, you train how you fight. And so the men of them safe distance when you're breaching door, they're not always following that because they want to, they want to get in, they want to do their jobs. But a lot of physiologically we can see pretty clearly these kind of disruptions. But to bring this full circle, there are some great work done. There's a researcher out of uniform service university Daniel Perl who did autopsy on veterans who had significant blast exposures. And they specifically found areas of the brain where there's disruption, he calls it Astroglyl interface scarring. And this is where white matter turns into gray matter. And as the blast wave comes to you, the drop is kinetic payload specifically at this junction. And that's where we see the scarring and the disruption. If that rings a bell, if Astroglyl rings a bell is because we've had this new discovery of the climatic system that's been associated with brain health and specifically during the deep stages of sleep, this is the system that washes away the oxidative stress that's accumulated throughout the day. And so when that system is disrupted through blast injury or scarring, sleep disruption becomes part and parcel to that. And it is a very common symptom constellation that we see. And so you start seeing you had Chris Froo on earlier and he talked about operator syndrome. The commonality to this, our biology doesn't care what the label is. You call PTSD, you call TBI, you call it operator syndrome. But the types of injuries, our biology is sustaining. All of these are neurological issues. And I think for the patients who come in and see their EEG, it's a very disarmant conversation to have because they now realize, okay, I'm not just a jerk. I'm not just out of control. There's a genuine neurological issue that we need to reconcile. And that's where you can really team up and partner and start doing some good work together. So someone comes in, they come into Waibnaro, they go through this process. What would they expect? What would you expect to see? What are the things that our outcomes and lengths of time? Sure. So we do 15 to 30 minute EEG, it's an ice-flow resting EEG. And that is processed by our lab. And then there's conversation usually with one of our doctors or neuroscientists. And we have about a hundred different centers now that have been trained and know how to use this type of capability. And then there's a consultation where the physician can tune the TMS device to treat the individual with some optimal parameters. And so that entails a 30 minute treatment daily. And the optimal parameters and people don't feel this. This is right do-day. Do-day. You can't, so the TMS device does provide a pulsing sensation. The big magnet, right? It is. It's generally about a 1.8 test of coil, but the stimulation itself isn't painful. It feels like a mild tapping sensation. And it's generally, there's different protocols, but between 6 to 10 seconds of pulses and then there's a period of rest. And then the pulses start again. And so, you know, there's a protocol called ThetaBurse. That's very short. It can be between 5 to 15 minutes. But standard protocols usually more around 30 minutes. And that's our protocol as well, although we are researching now in the state of Ohio a 15 minute protocol. So, I think that this dialing in of ideal parameters is a work in progress. And there's a number of different ways that we can approach it. But daily, the commitment is roughly 30 minutes a day for about four weeks. Some people will go up to 6 to 8 weeks. It sort of depends on how severe the symptoms are. What's interesting is usually people feel someone improvement within the first couple of weeks. And what, in what way, they sleep better? Usually sleep is the first thing people talk about. And that's intriguing to me is not necessarily quantity of sleep, but the quality of their sleep seems to change. And we now had a group from the wounded warrior project. This foundation very generously gave us some funding to do work with veterans who came into our San Diego office and all of them were these ordering. And we can see roughly 25% improvement in deep sleep, which is pretty meaningful. And so, that ability to get deeper, more restorative sleep has many secondary benefits in terms of the ability to, you know, handle stress, resilience, managing information, cognitive function. We also saw improvements in heart rate variability, which are interesting. And HRV, heart rate variability is something that isn't always talked about necessarily medical circles, but I, in functional medicine, and especially in kind of key performance, you know, the trainer world is become a metric. That's very much an area of focus as a proxy for emotional resilience. So, interesting to see those kind of changes as well. Yeah. And when you think about the other things, are there things that an individual will first fall? What do you expect to see? And we can talk about that one patient. We won't name him that we have together, which seemed to have a very striking, striking scan. I don't know how else to describe it. But again, you look at these scans. I'm much more often than I do, but if we were to take that patient from what you remember, how would you describe what you saw initially? Yeah, there's pretty significant disruption of activity in the prefrontal cortex. And the prefrontal cortex is an area responsible for executive function, organization of thought, and impulse control. And those symptoms were being exhibited utterly. By the individual, and really within a few weeks of treatments, subjectively he was feeling these changes and improvements kind of returning back to normal. Because he had a pretty significant head injury. And that was corroborated by the changes we were seeing on the EEG as well. And so having what we'll call longitudinal biomarker, we can see and track these changes over time. I think is important for not just the physician, but also the patient to see because they become their own strongest advocates. And the individual we're talking about is a highly motivated individual who takes great care of himself. But other patients, they may become inspired to be better advocates for themselves. They may have a cleaner diet, they may exercise more. And one of the areas we really enforce is protecting their sleep and using good sleep hygiene. I hate hearing that. I'm a terrible sleeper because there's just so much to do. And I now hate hearing that. Why would you prioritize sleep over, say, exercise or diet? I don't know that we have to pick one over the other. You know, I'm trying to make myself feel better. No, I mean, nutrition and exercise are foundational to any sort of regimen, right? Like everyone, if you're going to pick one foundational building block, those two are really high on the list. But recovery and sleep, I think deserve to be mentioned within that, you know, one of those foundational pillars. And the reason for that is there are many processes that happen during sleep that are important. And one of those we talked about the climatic system, we have the structural scaffolding in our brain, these glial cells that shrink during our sleep. And we didn't know that until quite recently, there was a research for outing University of Rochester making a netter guard who used two photon microscopy, dynamic imaging to see these glial cells shrink during the deep stages of sleep. As cerebral spinal fluid rushes through those channels and washes away the oxygen stress that he can't waste throughout the day. And in a separate study done out of University of Washington, they lumber punctured and started washing the university. They say Louis. Yeah, that's why it was exactly. Yeah. They loaned our punctured people after just one night of sleep deprivation. And what they found was accumulation of proteins that may sound familiar to you, or anything. Exactly. They saw an accumulation of tau protein. Now that doesn't mean, you know, tau proteins occur naturally. It doesn't mean they're phosphorylating and creating these neurofibilatory tangles per se. But what we learned is it's not just an accumulation issue, there's a clearance issue as well. And so if we're trying to protect our cognitive health, deep restorative sleep should be one of the areas that we're really trying to pretend. There's also a stage of sleep, REM sleep, where this is a stage of sleep, where a lot of emotional confidence happens. And so our ability to manage this stresses out the day, a lot of these things, we benefit from during these deep restorative stages of sleep. Are there things that would you see individuals cause backsliding. For example, cannabis use or alcohol. So they're on a great trajectory, where you're doing the EEG, you're treating them with a magnet, you're putting them on very specific protocols, you're matching their wavelengths. I know that there are certain brain waves that are active during sleep that are supposed to be slower during waking. And those oftentimes there's a reversal of that. And traumatic brain injury is that true? Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately, especially with cannabis being a bit more normalized these days, we do see slowing of brain activity. And I don't want to be kind of a preachy guy or anything like that. But there should be some awareness that both alcohol and cannabis, these are compounds that will slow down brain activity. And it's very hard for us to overcome that. So we do see people backsliding with regular use of these things. What does it do when you say slowing brain activity with that, there just be processing speed, or are there other things that happen? It is processing speed. And so we reinforce specifically alpha activity of the brain, which is the cycle rate that your brain process is an information generally between 8 and 13 hertz, which means we encode information 8 to 13 times per second. Mine's more like 7. I'm sure that's not true. But these slower brain waves kind of 7 between like 4 and 7 we call theta. And then slower than that we call delta. Those are your sleepy brain waves. And so when your stage one stays too sleepier generally in theta and then we move into delta. And with the slower brain waves, we're able to restore our ATP and people get deeper and more sort of sleep and refreshed for the next day. Now during our wakeflowers, you should see mostly alpha and then bed activities more of your fast way of activity. That's associated with complex thinking, complex processes, lots of sensory inputs. But you will see in the wakeflowers people who use alcohol and cannabis excessively more theta activity than we want to. And so that's where we talk about the slowing of the activity. They may feel like they're in a bit of a fog. And that's what we're trying to prevent. If individual were to remove that without treatment from additional stimuli from the magnet would so you remove the alcohol you remove the cannabis. Do their brain waves return to normal it's there's no other way to flip the switch. Then or is there then trans magnetic stimulation? The body doesn't naturally go back to a normal rhythm. Does it? So there's a lot of variables involved. And so the quick answer depends on somebody's age neuroplasticity. And what are the other behaviors that are associated with the individual? So if somebody's taking really good care of themselves and they smoke a joint one night, they're probably going to be just fine. If they're heavy smokers over years, they're recovery maybe slower or the brain may reorganize in a way or it's just operating a little bit slower. And so there are many things people can do to optimize brain function. We've touched on some of them exercise very few things are as useful to brain function as exercise. Do you care what kind? It doesn't matter to me so much what kind I think you know movement is always the key even for the elderly population even just walking is helpful. We do push-ups before the podcast. I heard that on your last podcast we didn't do it today but maybe we did push-ups. So yeah so I have a really good friend who she's amazing and she was a former Secret Service agent and she said I said you know like hey heavy should we do push-ups together? And she's like Gabrielle you want your guests to be relaxed and be able to be in the flow. You and Matt can do push-ups but don't you dare rip that guest into it I think okay. You're right. That's impressive that's impressive. Yeah so I try not to be too prescriptive in terms of saying you know hit exercises the best or I know resistance training is what the intensity matters. I think you know when it comes to blood flow and you know there seems to be different metabolic changes just looking at Martin Gabalas work and I think maybe intensity matters but anything is better than nothing. Yeah you did remind me of one of the things where we we had sort of clicked at Softweek based on discussion uh this was George Brooks's work at UC Berkeley where he was specifically he spent the neuroscientist to spend quite a bit of his career studying the lactate shuttle and so if there was any question about whether exercise health's brain function we can dispel that notion there's a clear correlation and what they found is that you know growing up we always associated lactate and lactate casted as a negative by-product of exercise we get sore muscles but it turns out lactate is a preferred fuel for the brain and this lactate shuttle specifically not only is it providing fuel for the brain but it's also increasing the amount of vascular and the theolier growth factor so it's increasing vascularity through the blood brain barrier someone called veg f which also increased the amount of brain-drivenorotrophic factor which is a proxy for neuroplasticity and so we're learning at a cellular level how exercise can improve and then upregulate brain function so and to develop lactate to your point the intensity actually matters quite a bit. Yeah I mean again I think that's fascinating I'm so glad that you pointed that out because we think about exercises medicine there are lots of things that someone could do that wouldn't be good for their brain like stacking drinking and new sleep and smoking a lot of pot and not exercising but the thing that sounds like a terrible don't do that but the things that we can do that really make an impact are working really hard physically to the point where you're producing lactate and allowing that to be fuel for the brain choosing a really good healthy diet sleeping which I'm guilty that I don't I I know I need to but again I have two little kids they like to come away kiss up million times a night just might not be a realistic thing but when you think about improving individuals cognitive function that that's part of it the when my husband went and by the way so he didn't have any no I'm sure he had blast injuries you know they is just because breaching and doing all that stuff and you know even micro injuries when you you shoot guns there's like micro trauma that happens one of the things that they had told him was to be very particular about sunlight was to be very particular about being outside something about melatonin something about blue light I don't know if any of that has changed this is this is a couple years ago when he got treated were are there certain other things that you recommend for patients and brain health yes I love that you brought that up because there were two normal prizes awarded for the discovery of blue light and so you want to have them no I wish no I was you know I wasn't privileged enough to be part of that team but blue light specifically is 450 to 500 nanometer light it's richest in morning sunlight and this is our first biological to start our circadian rhythm and so the advice is to be outside sometime during your first wake waking hours and to get natural unfiltered blue light into your eyes and when you do that there's a specific receptor in your eye called a melonops and that sends a signal we just learned about this yesterday by the way yeah so it sends a signal to your super cosmetic nucleus that will tell your pineal gland to release melatonin roughly 14 to 16 hours later so the second part of that is is you have to listen to your biology and the first sign of nighttime solenoids usually between 9 and 10 pm you do actually have to get into bed because when your melatonin spikes you know there's a short window and if you fall asleep at that time you'll get very deep restored it's amazing and if you miss that window you may stay up quite a bit now that all makes sense yeah does that have to do that happens to me all the time so basically I get really tired and like I just got to read this one more article just this one more thing yeah and I'm like I'm up even though I just I fight it so hard yeah okay Matthew Walker he's one of the he he's sort of one of these podcast heroes at every time I list to him like that guy's really good but he is mentioned that we're one of the we're the only species in nature that voluntarily deprived itself of sleep and it is usually the overachiever that's doing that and so I'm guilty of it as anyone so to the degree possible yeah we have to be vigilant to it and try to get really right you're absolutely right so I think that before I kind of got down the path of of brain function brain waves flipping backwards the reason I brought that up is because my husband there was no way I don't think that so basically when he did his can he was awake but his brain waves looked as if he was asleep was almost as if they had flip lock I don't think that there would be any way for him to fix that or redirect that naturally without some kind of electrical impulse is that would that be fair to say that that that this may be that eventually this EEG of the brain this treatment of the brain would be as common as going for your annual physical and getting an EEG yeah so each case is individual your husband was in a pretty kinetic environment and so I don't want to speak in absolute because it's hard to predict what may or may not have happened but brain stimulation certainly allows people a quicker path to recovery and if we were seeing theta and delta waves in the prefrontal cortex that is specifically a snare that we do very well with and it's a really common pattern in our operators in general what we noticed among this cohort speed specifically of service doesn't matter can be an army delta green beret you know air force brach get those brachs out of here I'm totally kidding yeah anyway the first thing we observe is they're very fast brains they're very fast processors they could be many of them have the profile of an Olympic athlete don't tell them that but we also see the similar signature where they're slowing in the prefrontal cortex and I suspect some of that is they're in an environment they go overseas they're in a combat environment where they have to be hyper vigilant they're usually operating at night because they have the tactical advantage of night vision goggles 18 times zones away it is circadian rhythm nightmare I did not know that with it because the night vision are just because they're awake when they should be asleep and we're not an optional with that be the reason why yeah they particularly in Afghanistan and I rack the enemy didn't have you know knobs and NVGs and so a lot of the operations have it at night yeah and Shane and my husband was in Afghanistan yeah yeah and so you take six months to a year of that kind of environment night after night after night many times multiple missions a night and you ask them to come back home it's hard to get back into a circadian rhythm and many times without the knowledge of getting blue light in the morning our biology takes a little while to catch up and given enough repetition and crinacity of that type of environment there's reorganization of brain activity that's hard to move back now not in a positive way is what you're saying that there's a reorganization almost as if you get an injury a tenant injury and the collagen lays down cross linked in a way that it shouldn't that's right yeah now the happy part of that story is God our mother nature dependent on whether you believe in God you know we've been engineered to be healing organisms and if we give the brain a friendly reminder and a stimulus that you want to be operating at this speed body does the most the heavy lifting for us we don't have to overpower the brain with lots of energy although electro convulsive therapy is a modality and I don't diminish the value of it I think it's incredibly valuable so the sorry to interrupt you the so that's ECT electro convulsive therapy yeah which is you guys don't do that or you do we don't do that so that's typically what you guys are thinking is was it one flew over the cook who's nest or clockwork orange or something where they they it is exactly what it sounds like but that's not what it it is it seems as if ECT would be scary and shocking its electro current therapy like shock therapy but it's not kind of how it's been that's right that's right and not really often used anymore and I am sorry if I'm speaking out of turn for the psychiatrists out there but when I train in psychiatry so I train to the University of Louisville in psychiatry for two years and out of all of the patients that we saw I think maybe only one or two in two years where was a candidate for ECT which was really depression that was absolutely resistant to every kind of medication yeah well that is a population where ECT is pretty effective and well yeah I don't I don't like the one flew over the cook who's nest but that is the move that is the procedure that they describe in the movie but these days it's a fairly safe and fairly effective procedure and so I don't want to diminish the value of that you know I've had the privilege of working with numerous academic psychiatrists and it definitely has its place definitely and there there are patient populations who are served well by ECT what we're doing is much lower energy and you know you don't require any anesthesia or no anesthesia people are awake they stay awake maybe they get sleepy that's right it's very it's very mild but but that gentle stimulation you just need a little nudge and then the brain and our biology takes care of most of the work for us do you want to know what I drink in the morning that is a little bit salty and gives me a huge pick me up well I'm going to tell you and that is element chocolate element that's LMNT in my coffee I brew a black cup of coffee with a shot of espresso and then I put a scoop of collagen and a little bit of MCT oil in it and one fourth a packet of element chocolate sometimes I use chocolate mince I've also saved chocolate caramel it's kind of this like chocolatey caramel uh amazing so I get my caffeine I get some collagen for of course here's skin and nails and I get electrolytes in my coffee sodium potassium magnesium all amazing I have now created my own supercharged drink which you can to and by the way this is a different way to take element that's a little packet of electrolytes if you get headaches maybe you get headaches with your caffeine because you dehydrate yourself or maybe you get headaches because you sweat a lot while training or maybe you just live in Texas where it's hot and so you definitely sweat a lot you definitely get headaches and this is why I love to add electrolytes to what I'm drinking and it can be coffee it can be water lately it's been coffee and it tastes amazing you can get yours at drink element that's drink LMNT dot com you'll get a free sample pack when you use the code a doctor lion and by the way if you don't like it it's totally risk free you'll get your money back no questions asked I love this stuff you will too this episode is brought to you by timeline nutrition uh mightopure the product that I wish I had developed but didn't so I've teamed up with timeline nutrition to bring you one of my ultimate favorite products and that's my dopure mightopure is a science backed uralithin A uralithin A sounds like a species of something or other what it is it's a post biotic and 30 to 40 percent of you humans cannot make it why is it important it's important because it's one of the first gut muscle access connection mightopure helps the muscle and all mightocondria when you take it you can take it in pill form you can take it in powder form I recommend trying the starter kit they have ginger and berry I put some in my yogurt it's amazing here's what it does for you it will improve your potentially your energy your strength your endurance again mightopure helps with mitochondria and the name mightopure it helps with the regeneration and cleaning out old mitochondria and if you remember anything about I don't know fifth grade science mightocondria they are the powerhouse of the cell so you have to have good mitochondria to have good energy and one of the hallmarks of aging is a decline in this mitochondria so if it sounds like you need more energy more strength more endurance and something that tastes great mightopure is a way to go go to timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion that's timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion and you'll get 10% off your first order I recommend either the starter pack or the pills try it I know that you're going to feel great have you done your blood work if you haven't I have a solution for you and that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker wise blood work so important well you know I use inside tracker my friends use inside tracker also my parents use inside tracker inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user friendly they have an amazing interface you can check it out on your phone you can check it out on the desktop which you know hopefully you're using a small one inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones iron thyroid insulin the list goes on a bobe it never stops and by the way if you are a professional and you have clients inside tracker also has a pro platform amazing I really feel that inside tracker has a revolutionized healthcare and listen blood work can be expensive but it doesn't have to be inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off 10% off anything on the store in the store anything as it relates to subscriptions 10% off go to inside tracker.com like inside tracking your body use the code doctor lion and do not wait if you are due for your blood work give this a shot it's extremely valuable back to the show what do we know about children what do we know about children and hyper activity what do we know about children and autism and again whether it's wave neuro or these technologies because wave neuro what makes wave neuro so unique and by the way I am so grateful for what you guys did for my husband thank you and what you guys do for so many others out there I think that it's really it's really tremendous and the thing that makes you guys unique is that you use EEG so use the electricity the electro current imaging I don't know how else you would say that with the transbiotic stimulation with the program that then creates a protocol to implement that get that all right yeah yeah okay and so I've seen it work well I've seen it work for my husband I've seen it work for my patients and it makes me think about children because we know that probably a lot of also hyper activity originates in the brain again I'm not a pediatric or child specialist what would you say to that and are there any trials for brain function and children yeah well so first I should match as very much our honor and privilege take care of military service members and especially folks like your husband who sacrificed so much for the country and it's something that I'm very passionate about and I think our whole organization rallies around the community a specific to kids it's not as well researched we're still learning a lot of the the science has a ways to go but there are large population sized studies and end of the thousands and in the thousands of autistic spectrum children where we can see slowed in delayed development the prefrontal cortex and and these are not our studies their studies Yale has one of the largest databases where we can see and prepped not coincidentally it's a default mode network that develops that is dysregulated in many of the autistic children interestingly just because there's an article published within the last week gut microbiome this regulation seems to be an issue an autistic development as well and so there's so much heterogeneity in this population I don't think at least for speaking for myself I can't speak from any position of great knowledge I think we're learning every day but that specific issue an electrophysiologic disruption seems to be pretty clear and they're even listing sensitive and specificities for ASD in the 80 to 90% tall using the EEG so I think in the future it may be I don't know that it'll be a diagnostic tool but I think it can be a clinical support study where if children are exhibiting these behaviors and we see these EEG changes that may help leaves down the path of having more accurate diagnosis. Do you or have they done studies where they anticipate improvement in certain symptoms or even not even with autism but with hyperactivity? Yeah so the studies so we would like to do a large double-blind RCT on autism we do have a group in Australia who has done two studies one that's been published where they look at this open label study they don't have a sample CBO but in these children they noticed clinically significant changes in social behaviors meaning they were making more eye contact their vocabulary increased and many of the changes that we hear from the parents and we see in the children are difficult to quantify and measure scientifically that's been part of the challenge in terms of putting together a methodologically rigorous study that would pass with FDA there's no universal scale or metric that is that has been declared so we were using something called the car score there's also an A-dust score there's a number of different metrics that we can use but that's one of the first issues that we need to be able to tackle before we invest you know these trials cost millions of dollars and so to be thoughtful stewards of any kind of funding that we receive we'd want to ensure that on the back end of such a trial that we would have good data that would convince a scientific community that this is a both safe and effective therapeutic so that is something we're aspiring to do but we have some early pilot studies that are giving us some promising data and that's reasonable you want to make sure that the money that you're spending that from funding is used well have you this might be another hard question because again this is very difficult to control but have you had anyone go through this process on a ketogenic diet or some kind of diet that or take beta hydroxybuterate or some thing or a neurotropic that we would believe or know depending on what the literature is depending on the input show improvements yeah it's a great question and unfortunately I don't think we document that specific type of diet but yes we've had a number of in-ecession because I can specifically remember the cases we did have a cohort of seals come through and three of them were on a ketogenic diet and they were specifically on that diet for purposes of some of the neuroprotective qualities a ketogenic diet confers and dead rate responses to treatment. I wonder if they had better responses and another individual but it would be so hard to so hard to measure. Yeah it's hard to parse out what contribution the diet would make but it does make sense that they would have some advantage in terms of the treatment being more beneficial. What is new? I mean I totally agree with it that and it would be so fascinating to see eventually if maybe there is other has to be some synergistic effect because the a ketogenic diet which is 70% fat was used for the treatment of seizures. In children yeah I'm sure there is some kind of some kind of crossover a few more questions are there any nutrients that you guys feel seem to really support treatment whether it's fast fatital colon or any kind of dietary nutrient? That's a great question. We have an astro supplementation with any type of dietary nutrient per say. There is a segment of the population it's very controversial this MTHFR mutation. There have been some families who have let us know that when they supplemented an autistic child with metal folate they saw better response. I spoke into some researchers both at U Pen and at Children's Hospital A who are skeptical about the clinical validity of MTHFR it's kind of I think a space that's the evidence is just starting to come in and so I can't say with any strong scientific evidence that that would be something I'd recommend to other populations but it was we talked about supplements that's one of the first that comes to mind. One of the areas that I think is worth mentioning and it's not a supplement especially a DAA tract medication but we had a couple of operators who did not respond to treatment and there were some of the first that we saw not have any kind of response and the commonality between these two was that they had very low testosterone and so one of the secondary effects of blast injuries and TBI is neuroendocrine disruption and it's very common to see not just really low testosterone sometimes zero and when they went out and got supplemented and came back after having a stable dose of TRT they had great responses to treatment and so it seems that there there does need to be some degree of hormone balance that lines itself towards having a more effective response to treatment. That's fascinating any any thoughts is to why? Well yeah I mean the physiology of it especially in men this is kind of it it's sort of a critical hormone to have anything about all the biological pathways in impacts and especially in terms of cognitive function of brain function we need to have at least some amount of circulating and free testosterone and so when you restore that system it makes sense that we would see a better response to treatment and you could see as well those were people who were struggling with motivation and you know all the different things associated with you know testosterone placement therapy they would benefit from so that is kind of led to there's a group called the Special Operations Care Fund SOCF and Tom Hochscher-Dibles Solutions was another nonprofit that contributed to something called we're called the Tri-Fecta Study and so Brandon Wise is a researcher out of John Hopkins University designed to study where they're first getting testosterone replacement therapy then they're going down to Mexico this is Marcus Capone's group that's they're getting eye-begining therapy which is a psychedelic and then they're coming to San Diego to get our treatment and so that's the tri-factor with the conceptual framework of first balancing the neuroendocrine system then eye-begining is allowing for neuroplasticity and then our treatment is writing on top of it and reinforcing alpha and DMN restoration and the feedback that we've gotten thus far has been not that one plus one plus one equals three they feel that this is so synergistic you know we're hearing one plus one plus one equals ten and we're still blind to the results I can't share that data yet but I think that's where the future is going is different protocols and stacked therapies if we're truly in this to help these communities you know no treatment works in isolation and there may be different regimens that help you know these populations recover faster and better as there've been any pushback any criticisms of the technology the protocols the things that you guys are putting together again I mean medicine is interesting it's it's a science of uncertainty people think that you know medical science is certain it's a challenge it's human body just as you've been saying is incredibly complex it's a great question I remember I attended a talk at the solkens to San Diego and and they said you can always find the innovators in pioneers are the ones with arrows in their back but um I'd have to tell you the neuroscience community psychiatrists neurologists have all very warmly embraced the approach and I think anytime we're working together collaboratively to advance the science it's been a very kind of warm environment to work with and there's a lot of good information sharing out say largely is been positive we may encounter naysayers here and there I think that's part of the process but largely I would say I've been blown away by the collaborative environment and how this community whether it's academic clinical or commercial is working together to try to find answers for the community and work together to you know advance the evidence base and the science. Well I love the work that you're doing what what is on the forefront for you guys. Well the first thing is we'd really like to complete this FDA trial and we're currently enrolling in Plano, Texas Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Columbus, Ohio we're about to open and Seattle and Costa Mesa. Are you still recruiting for those spots? We are still ready. All right go ahead give us this field. Knock it out. Yeah you can you can include in the show notes I'm not sure how much I'm allowed to share there are rules that govern sort of what we can say. They're interested in being part of the study should they yeah there is a link that they can go to to enroll in the study there's a second FDA trial happening in Dayton, Ohio that is sponsored by the state of Ohio I should mention that there were legislators in the state of Ohio Senator Hoagland and Doc Johnson who is in self and air force veteran who sponsored our treatment for any veteran or first responder in the state of Ohio so part of that was to conduct an FDA grade clinical trial as well we just finished phase one of that which was a safety study and then we're embarking on stage two which will be the double blind RCT so we'll have two separate studies that are ongoing. That's incredible and people can find you well not find you but find we've narrow yeah at we've narrow will include all of the links and is there anything else that you wanted to share with the listeners or the viewers? I guess the closing message would just be that there's never been a greater time for hope if there are people struggling with any variety of mental health conditions neurologic conditions there's so much exciting research happening innovation in this area that there is valid and incredible reason for them to have hope that in our lifetime we'll see really meaningful breakthroughs in this area so I hope that they will be encouraged to keep fighting for their health and if we can be of any benefit yes please reach out through our website or you know I'll include my email and you will not know friends we will not but yes anyway you are doing an incredible incredible job helping and we will put everything there so that they can find out more if they have any questions they can ask our team and will get them over to you if they are military veterans where do they go? There's a wave neuro landing page for veterans as well and so the treatment is covered by tric here and so we can fund through that mechanism but I know most of our clinics welcome veterans and then if someone is listening to this and they are civilian can they come and find out about their brain learn how to get their brain better? Yes of course yeah most of our centers will just do EG's for information educational purposes as well and if they want to treat but they could also get that there. Yes that's a little bit amazing Dr. Eric one thank you so much for coming on it's we could have gone for another probably hour and a half but once your trials come out and all of that stuff I would love to have you back and we can chat all about it. Absolutely that'd be great you