So like, you know, basically 75% of the world is over fat. 92% of Americans are over fat. And I'm going to stop you. I'm going to stop you right there because I bet you. So we talk about them 70% of them being over fat. We would also say then 70% of you under muscle. Yeah, absolutely. Well, so like, I do have patients who. Quality of muscle. Quality of muscle. Yeah, I have some patients who because they weigh so much. They do have an okay amount of muscle if they weigh weight less. And so yeah, but I absolutely agree. There's a I have a avalanche patients with normal weight obesity or sarcopenic obesity. Now, this is the worst thing ever. It's someone who's so sedentary and just sits on the couch and has no muscle at all. And so even though they look hugely fat, they actually don't weigh that much. Thank you to Vivo Health for sponsoring this episode of the show. I am bringing to you my favorite Vivo Barefoot show. It is what I've been using for the last year to train in. And I'm going to tell you what Vivo Barefoot is on a mission to create regenerative footwear. Why do I love Vivo Barefoot? It allows me to lift in a way where I feel the ground. I never have to worry about if my shoe is going to be unsteady. I'm able to get in a good squat position. I'm able to do a good deadlift. I'm able to train closer to what I would do if I was in fact, Barefoot and studies show that foot strength increases by 60% in a matter of months, just by walking around in these Vivo Barefoot shoes. I love these shoes. They have a range of shoes for kids, adults, walking, hiking, training, everyday wear. You will not be disappointed. And in fact, go to VivoBerefoot.com slash a doctor lion. And they're offering 100 day trial on their footwear. That's VivoBerefoot.com slash a doctor lion. And you can use the code, doctor lion 15 for a discount on their footwear. Dr. Ted Naman, he is a friend and truly, you know, you have innovated a lot of the protein discussion from a practical standpoint. And I consider you a great friend and an excellent physician and sounding board. So welcome back to the Doctor Gabriel Langeau. Wow, thank you so much. That was very complimentary. It's great to be here. I feel the same way about you. Yeah, no, great. Thank you. Okay, ready for some rapid fire questions. And you and I are friends. So I am going just so you all know, I will do Ted justice. And I'm going to put him on the spot. Top three ways to lose body fat. You can only, you can only give me three. You got to give me your top three. Oh, wow. Okay. I mean, let's see. I mean, obviously the big buckets in the in the way it lost jar are died next size, but were you looking for something more specific than that? Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Protein, fiber, wear it as training fit in. And for those of you guys who don't know Ted, which everybody should know, Ted, he talks a lot about training. And he talks a lot about protein and satiation. You name it. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So well, protein would have to be on their for sure. So number one would be targeting protein, prioritizing protein, protein awareness. You want to make sure you're eating adequate protein. You want to be eating that protein earlier in the day and earlier in the meal. And you're just trying to leverage it for a society and body composition. And all the other great things that protein does for you. So number one would be protein prioritization. Number two would be lowering the energy density of your carbs and your fats. So if you can keep the energy density of carbon fat lower, you're going to automatically lose calories. You're going to be avoiding some hedonic hyperballible combinations of high energy and c carbs without together that you can't say no to. And then the third thing would be exercise. Basically, you are eating the calories of a moderately active version yourself at all times. And if you're not at least moderately active, you're screwed. Like you'll be going nowhere. You can only get so far with diets. So you have to be having a little bit higher energy flux and that's going to be some kind of exercise probably more than most people try to lose weight or already did. So so those are the big three. If you really just put a gun in my head and say, what are the biggest things? It would be protein prioritization, lower energy density of non protein, macros, carbon fats. And then just uping the exercise in any way you enjoy so it's sustainable. You know what I mean? I love that. I love that. Read a region, protein, lower energy density and exercise. Protein recommendations. How do you recommend protein? How do you think about it? Right. So, you know, we we've pretty much established that you don't need more than 1.6 kgs. I want to point 6g for kg of ideal body weight or normal body weight or non-obuse body weight for maximum muscle protein synthesis. But I think going a little bit higher might give you satiety benefits that we haven't really explored as you know, so I'm going to do a lot of things. I'm going to do a lot of things that we should in the literature. So I kind of like a grandpa pound of your ideal body weight for your reference body weight for your height. So not has nothing to do with how much you actually weigh. You know, I have all these patients who they're like, yeah, I should I should be about 220 and I'm 250 now and I'm like, I know you should be like 150. You know, it's just like way lower than the average. Absolutely ideal body weight would be for your height. And then a grandpa pound of that. I think is a super awesome target. Most people even if they're a little bit below that are going to be fine. So that's basically my favorite metric is a grandpa pound of ideal body weight based on your height, which might have nothing to do with how much you actually live. A wonderful recommendation. One gram per pound of the ideal body weight. As you mentioned, the evidence is really 1.6 grams per kg. However, when we're thinking about other things like satiation and perhaps protein turnover if someone was getting ill or increasing their training volume, I mean, there's many different reasons why one could choose protein over fats or carbs. When you think about protein, do you care about the protein? Less and less to be honest every day because we have some really good studies now on various types of soy protein and lagoon protein and other non-animal protein isolates. And they do seem to be okay if you up the quantity a little bit. So you're basically getting enough of all of the individual amino acids. So I'm worried about source. I'm worried about quantity. So just getting a total quantity high enough is more important to me than where it came from. Because at the end of the day, it's just 20 amino acids broken down. So I'm actually looking at the carbs and fats that come along with a protein more than I am, where the protein actually came from. Because there are some animal proteins that just have horrible macros, like hot dogs. It's like, okay, carnivores and instant win. Maybe not since your hot dog has only 15% protein in it. And the ratio of fat grams of protein, gram does horrific. And you'll probably not lose any weight doing that. So I'm not like, oh, it just has to be animal protein versus plant protein. Because there's some jacked vegan out there just consuming a bunch of soy islets whose way more successful than someone who just hit the carnivore button and it's just eating hot dogs. You know what I mean? So I'm worried about the fat and carbs that come along with protein. I'm worried about the total of the protein. I'm worried about the ratio of protein non protein energy. But at the end of the day, the protein is actually just 20 amino acids that breaks down to be at leaner stomach. Anyway, so who goes actually right from. Although there is a little bit of a spectrum of difference between plant proteins and animal proteins when it comes to some of the essential amino acids. So, you know, you have to take that into account. But as long as you have the quantity by, you know, maybe 20 or 30% of the most, you can get there with any source of protein. And that is true. When we're talking about dietary protein, the evidence does suggest and point to that it is the total amount of protein. And one could overcome the source if the protein is high enough. If you are hitting one gram per pound ideal body weight, does the source matter when it comes to the amino acids? The answer to that is actually no, Ted is correct on that. I will say that the lower your protein in your diet is the more important it comes from animal base sources. The other aspect of that is there if dietary protein, yes, consists of 20 amino acids, I think Ted, we are going to see the importance of the low molecular weight molecules like creatine and serene touring and some of these components when we look at the food matrix. So, from my perspective, adding in a mix of animal and plant-based proteins, it is probably going to be more effective for overall aging, you know, B12 zinc. Curious is to what your thoughts are on that. And then I will also say when your younger does the protein source matter as much, not necessarily. Yeah, no, all grade points I totally agree with you. If you're flying your protein plane really close to the ground and you're trying to live on your 48 grams per day, it's a huge big deal. If it's animal versus plant. But if you're like some Jack vegan body builder who's just consuming hundreds of grams of soy ice lids every day, yeah, it doesn't really matter what the spread of the amino's are. So, the less protein you're eating, the more critical it is that it's of the right spectrum of amino's. And then I totally also agree with the micro nutrients that come along with that protein. And I do think that probably omnivore is, you know, optimum there's a reason why humans are omnivores. And I do see patients who are strict religious vegans and they do have deficiencies in B12 and in zinc and in iron and icey assault time. I also have patients who are pure carnivore who have horrifically low, full eight levels and sometimes my museum. And so it does seem to be optimal to be somewhere in between this sort of like middle path might be the way to go on honestly a lot of this stuff. So, yeah, good point. Yeah, definitely the combination of both plant and animal is ultimately where we're going. And Ted said something that changed my perspective of thinking a while ago. I had always thought about the negative impact of process foods and we're going to move to kind of that highly palatable food discussion. But when you take us back and you think about it, well, protein patterns are highly processed. And definitely in the words in which we choose to speak about this probably makes a difference. So, our all processed foods bad know because, again, even the soy proteins, that's a process type food. Right. Yeah. And like, you know, from a first order heuristic, okay, just eat whole on processed foods, sounds really good. And that's kind of overarching correct. But then there are so many like whole and processed foods that if you just ate, you know, if I just ate dates and honey and tala and lard and that did, it would be probably not great. So, but then if I'm eating my, you know, artificially sweet and Greek yogurt with amazing macros, I might have like, you know, a huge success with that product. And so, there's some, it's not 100% there are unprocessed foods that are not going to be close to your goals and there are processed foods that will. And so, I wish it was that easy, but it's not. And I hate to sit, but if you just look at the trend, humans are eating more and more processed foods, we will continue to eat more more processed foods. We're not going to colonize Mars, eating whole unprocessed. You know, you're not just going to pull a turn up out of the ground and kill animal with your hands when you're on the, you know, asteroid colony or whatever. So, so like going forward, it's just going to be more and more processed. So, we really need to have a way to parse out which of these processed foods are good and bad and it's not going to be enough to just say unprocessed food because nobody will be able to afford that or they won't build the find it or it's not going to be, you know, it's just going to be less and less common, unfortunately, which is probably bad, but that's just the way it's going. And it is absolutely the way it's going and it's it is and will be about finding solutions. You mentioned eating protein earlier on in the meal and also earlier on in the day. Why would one want to do that? Right, right. So, protein is incredibly say shading is the most say she can make a nutrient. And it takes a while for that information to get to your brain. You know, it's going to be 20 minutes before your amino acids are hitting your bloodstream and then you're getting some of this fullness from the lower portion of this montest and in the in Cretans and the GLP blood and all of these other signaling hormone it takes a while. It's kind of slow. And so if you can frontload that protein, you're just going to eat less down three calories. We have lots of studies on like preloads where you give someone a food, something to eat or drink and then they hit the buffet in our two later and we weigh it measure how much people eat and proteins are really great preload especially if it's before a meal. So we have studies where like for example, people drink a protein shake half an hour before their meal and they just eat in a hundred and ten less calories. It's a it's sort of a frontloading thing for a satiety effect that takes a little bit of time to really maximize. So it's just really helpful to eat your protein for us. Like so that's the way to desert should be left. So if I just gave you like a whole box of crispy cream to eat, you're going to eat the whole thing and then I'm like, oh, and here's your 50 gram protein shake and you'll be like, okay, you'll force that down. You know what I mean? So now you really haven't gone anywhere even though you ate your 50 grams of protein with that meal. On the other hand, if you drink the 50 gram protein shake, you know, and then maybe 20 30 minutes later, I eat the box of crispy cream. If you're going to eat like two and you're going to be done. And so it's just very valuable to frontload that protein shake. Not only per meal, but you know, in your day. So we have studies on people who eat more protein earlier in the day. And they're just more successful. They just eat less downstream calories later because they kind of got something they really need. And so that's why protein prioritization, you know, you know, it should be the focus of every meal, every snack. Where's the protein? How much protein are you getting? Getting more protein? Or something else first that has fiber or water in it. So drinking two glasses of water before you eat, this is been shown to people eat less calories, eating a salad before you eat less calories. So you're frontloading protein fiber in water, which are the main things that raise, you know, satiety for calories. It's giving you more weight and volume and nutrients for just less calories, basically. And that makes me, you know, to just mention that is absolutely correct. And we see that in brain studies. There's been a lot of work. Heather Lydie really kicked this off when she imaged young women, whether they were skipping breakfast or having high protein meals and then the later on downstream effects of their food choices. So if you are out there listening and you are thinking, I have my protein dialed in another layer of strategy would be when you are sitting down to a meal, have your protein first. Perhaps even have two glasses of water, then have your protein and see if that impacts the amount that you're consuming. Ted really believes in calorie control as well as as I do. There's some camps that say calories don't matter. I am in the camp that I firmly believe the quality of the calories and the calories do matter. Do you care about how distribution happens of dietary protein? Way less than I used to. So now I'm mostly worried about how much you get in a day. And it's probably good to divide that into two meals instead of one. So if someone sort of bookended their eating window with bulls of protein at both ends, I think that's great. There also seems to be like a bulls effect to protein and muscle protein synthesis. So if you get like a meal with a large amount, it would be better than just having like an IV drip of like one gram every 10 minutes. You know what I mean? So I like this sort of large amount at once. So this is probably the main tool to pick up for the last couple of weeks, with bells in there to raise engine in charge of friedrofen stuff, and will eatrayены. So while the gate wins in fact, it's more of a big influence at all. I think these are helpful. Beyond that, not super worried about it. Excellent advice. You're talking about a protein hierarchy. Number one is how much protein you're getting and then dividing it into two meals, at least, or two meals, and it's not. But two meals is certainly adequate depending on your capacity to eat, really like that advice. When you think about fiber versus fat, where does fiber fall when you are designing a diet or telling your patients? Where does fiber fall versus fat? Well, okay. So first of all, the more carbs you're eating, the bigger deal fiber is. So if someone's eating, you know, less and less carbohydrate, I'm not as worried about fiber. For fiber seems to be more and more important as the percentage of calories in your diet from carbohydrate goes up. So the more carburet and the more fiber you should be eating. So I'm almost more worried about a ratio between fiber and non fiber carbohydrate than I am, like fiber overall. But I do think it's a mistake to eat zero fiber. I think it is providing some satiety and for like hardly any calories. So you're just leaving money on the table if you're not eating some fiber and getting some satiety benefit from that. So I'm not like trying to nag people, oh, make sure you eat your, you know, 30 grams of fiber per day. But I am like, okay, let's look at the ratio of fiber to non fiber carbs in the foods that you're choosing because I think that's a big deal. And so yeah, for me, it's like you should be leveraging fiber some extent because it's helpful. And then you really just want to keep the ratio of fiber non fiber carbs as high as you can. So give me an example of that. What does that look like? Great, great. It looks like let's say I buy some wonder bread and it's got a slice has, you know, 50 grams of carbs and one gram of fiber or zero gram of fiber. But then I got my, you know, my easy, keel bread, my sprouted bread that's like, you know, super whole grain, whatever it might have 25 grams of carbs and five grams of fiber. So it's like a five to one non fiber to fiber carbohydrate ratio versus the wonder bread, which is like 50 to zero or something like that. So that's the sort of thing that I'm talking about. You just, if you're looking to label, you just look at the sort of the rough ratio between total carbohydrate and fiber carbohydrate. And you just want the fiber to non fiber ratio to be higher, you know, higher is better. And so that's that's mostly what I'm talking about. Thank you to thesis for sponsoring this episode of the show. If you have been following me for any amount of time, you know that I love thesis. It is the world first customized, nitropic company. What does that mean? Nitrophics are nutrients found in nature or the human body. They enhance cognitive function. We talk a lot about the body. We talk a lot about muscle health optimization. You're not going to get there if your brain is not functioning. If you are looking for enhancing your thinking, your focus, your energy, your mood, thesis is the way to go. I use this company personally. I recommended to all of my friends and my patients. By the way, while many companies take a one size fits all approach. thesis doesn't. It's not one supplement. There are multiple different formulations in which you will go to their website. You will take a quiz. You will answer questions and you will get a starter kit with four different blend recommendations to try over the course of a month. They are an incredible company, incredible people head over to take thesis.com slash a doctor lion. You can get your own customized thesis starter kit. Also, you can use the code. Dr. Lion at checkout for a discount. I really like that. Do you use our number that you should for example, if you see that it's less than x you're out? I like to see it at 15% or so. Like a six to one fiber to nine fiber would be pretty good. That's just basically all fiber. That's what you're looking at. Do you have a favorite source? Do you have a favorite source of carbs for yourself personally? I absolutely do. I like soluble fiber. soluble fiber is really the best for society. I'm free. It is a pretty good source of this. There are some fruits that I eat a lot of berries are my absolute favorite apples are second. I eat a lot of apples has soluble fiber. Of course, all of this stuff has almost no protein. This is like an side dish to something with protein in it. But it's excellent. A compliment to some high protein food. I love fruit. I like basically any kind of low sugar fruit. All of your peppers and your cucumbers and tomatoes and all of your of a codos and all of your low sugar fruit. I love all of your fruit fruit as well. Like citrus is amazing. Lots of really high-saltide recovery. Lots of fiber. Lots of water. Very low energy density. So yeah, but if you look through the ones I'm eating the most, it's probably fruit mostly berries, apples and then your low sugar fruit that people think are vegetables like cucumbers and tomatoes and peppers. And then two versus well eat a lot of carrots. I'll eat a lot of potatoes. I'm typically throwing those in the air fryer and not adding any fat to them. But those are some of my favorite carbs sources. It's basically fruit tubers, the low sugar fruit people think are vegetables and a few whole grains in there too. I eat like some air pop popcorn, maybe some brown rice that kind of thing. Do you worry about fruit us the fruit us and the fruits? No, not at all. So, so you know I have to ask these questions. I'm anticipating questions. From our community about fruit us because we did have one of these world. We had a world leading expert on fruit us metabolism. Yeah, so basically fruit us is bad in overfeeting. And fruit us is bad in overfeeting when you get a lot but all that one. So if you're just pouring regular soda with high-frucks, this corn syrup on top of a high-brickaloric diet and so on is already overfat. Yeah, that's going to be mercilessly giving you fatty liver and it's bad. But saturated fat is just as bad as fructus. There's just the fructus in saturated fat are two sides of a coin where they're both empty calories. They're both bad in overfeeting. They're both bad in hypercoloric situations. They're both mercilessly driving fatty liver and But they're both super harmless if you're on a low calorie diet if you're hybicaloric if you're thin if you're metabolic healthy. They are empty calories true, but they're harmless. The does make some poison on all this stuff. So if you're thin in your healthy and you're metabolically Intact in your not eating a hypercolor diet not too worried about fructus or saturated fat. However, because they are empty calories and because they are You know, not really that helpful other than being a pyramid resource. You do want to keep them to a smaller percentage of your diet, which is probably why the guidelines say, you know, less than 10% of your calories should come from saturated fat and less than 10% should come from sugar and that also Sort of illustrates the fact that there are two sides of the same coin and they're both kind of bad and you don't want to eat tons of it. That's an interesting point. Do you so you do believe that the guidelines did do an appropriate job for saturated fat and sugars in that perspective? Absolutely because these are both just empty calories that are frequently just unnecessarily added to the food supply Deleting out other things. So like you know, saturated fat. Let's let's look at a wild animal which has amazing macros. You're venison. You're actually in ground beef. It's just a crazy awesome food, but I'm going to over I'm going to overfeed a cow and make it the fat is cow you've ever seen and then I'm actually going to make ground beef and throw more fat into that and make the cheap 70 30 ground beef in the grocery store, which is actually only 18% protein. And protein has a super high energy density, super low protein percent kind of actually horrible from a satiety calorie point of view or any point of view. And what's in there that's making it bad just a crap ton of saturated fat that you generated by overfeeding an animal and then maybe even adding more when you made the ground beef. That's really fat is bad. This is the reason why red meat looks bad in all your epidemiological studies is because they've overfed the animals. They've added more fat later to make it cheaper and you basically end up with a horribly protein delute monstrosity that just has a bunch of saturated fat from the overfeeding your cultural practices and then the economic drivers of just deluding out all your cheap meat. So your hot dogs and your burger patties and your super cheap 70 30 dollar pound ground beef in the grocery store. This is all terrible and it's terrible because of all these saturated fat that's been added for profit by agriculture and industry blah blah blah. Fructose is the same way I'm going to take a sugar can or a sugar beat or whatever I'm going to you know, press it with rollers I'm going to squeeze out all the sugar I'm going to drive I'm going to crystallize it I'm going to sprinkle it on every single thing I eat and then boom I'm just putting fructose in everything makes it more palatable you can eat way more of it. It's just pure empty calories and it's that literally fructose and saturated fat are the flip sides of the same coin one on the car upside one on the animal side one on the plant plant side and I'm sorry when a car one on fat one on plant one on animal there's same thing flip sides of the same coin. And if you really want to give somebody that you liver like your mouse in the lab you just overfeed them with both sugar and saturated fat like your high sugar butter diets are just making fatty liver like crazy in the lab. A few really good points that you made number one the idea that red me and it's bad for you and it seems to not do well in a lot of the epidemiological studies which is essentially large population and low quality evidence. Because of the saturated fat content or you know the overfeeding aspect of it a really good point it's not the red me per se red me and their venison by send there's lots of lean lean stakes it is the likely over the overfeeding effect. I have a question on satiation which is really kind of where you've got so I've known you for years. And originally there was a lot of talk about protein and fiber and now you've really evolved the conversation through practice to this satiety model. Do you think that when individuals are overfed via saturated fat will start with saturated fat that it deranges their satiety or their capacity to have satiation meaning as they are overfeeding or going through periods whether they are emotionally overeating or overeating because they're making bad choices. And it's a feed forward mechanism. It's a talk more about what we're actually consuming and where the numbers of obesity are driving to that's really a point. Got you got you well. So like you know basically 75% of the world is over fat 92% of Americans are over fat and. I'm going to stop you right there because I bet you so we talk about them 70% of them being over fat. We would also say then 70% of the under muscle. Yeah absolutely well. So like I do have patients who. Quality of muscle quality of muscle. Yeah I have some patients who because they weigh so much they do have an okay amount of muscle if they weighed way less. And so yeah I but I absolutely agree there's a I have a avalanche patients with. Normal weight obesity or sarcopenic obesity now this is the worst thing ever it's someone who's so sedentary and just sits on the couch and has no muscle at all. And so even though they look hugely fat they actually don't weigh that much. And this is your absolutely right there is a simultaneously an under muscle crisis because we've basically disconnected movement from survival so nobody ever has to move at all you can literally just sit on your couch. You're in tire life you've got Uber eats on your phone your whole job so on zoom. You never have to even stand up you can just live your whole life without moving so everybody's simultaneously over fat and under muscle another yeah I totally agree this is absolutely true. And to the point that you know we're measuring body fat and maybe you're using or using an in body or using dex what are you using. I mean I don't do a lot of body composition measurements with my patients to be honest because I can just look at them and tell them they're over fat so it's not that helpful I mostly just do low by just stuff like waste to height measurements that's where I'm at idea of it like you know skin calipers in the office we do dexa in the in the office but I'm not like regularly doing those to track anything because you can just measure your ways to conference at the beloved and know exactly. What are your problems and how do you what number do you like to hit and how what someone do it so someone is like wow. This is so great I don't have to go to the doctor I don't need to get an in body scan I don't need to get a dexa what do I have to do to. Got it got so waste a height ratio is incredibly powerful incredibly important super super good and free so you measure your waste circumference at the belly button with your abdomen completely relax. Then you cry because it's so high and it's so much higher than your pants size right you know it's the like I have so many patients who they're they're shoving their their until to do a you know thirty two. Genie into whatever but you measure their abdomen at the belly button and it's like forty and so you measure your waste. At the belly button abdomen fully relax divide that by your height you want that to be less than half your height so wait should be less than half your height. And it's it's going to work on almost everyone yeah even people who look kind of skinny I have a lot of skinny fat. Patients they look pretty thin like nobody would ever think they have any issues but if you actually measure their waste at the belly button they're out of no and fully relaxed it's so yeah it's not. It's not always as low as you wish to most so that's a really great metric for just about anyone. And it's free like he said waste height measurement is very helpful less than half. What did you say less than half your your height right your waste should be less than half right so if I'm you know seventy five inches tall my ways to come to should be thirty ten point five or lower I mean that's probably the bad example with. To match math but like you know if you're your 60 inches tall your way should be less than thirty inches. Other than. Thank you to timeline nutrition for sponsoring this episode of the show. When we talk about muscle health aging the human body the energy generating machine that we are going through life with I have to say that if I could have developed one supplement. It would have been might appear might appear has a compound in it called yearlithin a and yearlithin a is what we call a post biotic and it helps increase your energy by affecting your mitochondria which is extraordinary. And if you're interested in living a forever strong or muscle center lifestyle then you understand you cannot be healthy without healthy muscle as you get older especially will to say older for people in their forties. One must think about the health of their mitochondria and that is why I am hooked on timeline nutrition's might appear you can try their might appear very or ginger powder into your daily smoothie routine. They have a vanilla protein shake with mitochondria they also have soft gels which are great when you are on the go I use them myself head over to timeline nutrition dot com slash doctor lion. That's timeline nutrition dot com slash doctor lion and you will get 10% off your order. Really easy to do and and I'll mention I you know part of me agrees with you do we need to continuously measure body fat you you know one would know perhaps looking at themselves or doing a measurement like this. Because we don't have great ways of getting a wonderful comprehensive picture what do I mean by that we're not directly measuring skeletal muscle. You could have an individual who is over fat and if you measure their skeletal muscle it looks as if they have enough but the reality is that is not healthy muscle is typically marbled. It is not necessarily is metabolically effective as it should be because the tissue changes skeletal muscle as an organ system that tissue changes you get fat infiltration decrease and flux meaning you're not moving glycogen you're not utilizing these fatty acid by products the way that you should. And again we've really been hyper focused on body fat and the reality is just like fructose and saturated fat body fat and muscle are opposite sides of the same coin essentially. Right right and and you're totally right you can all these measurements are just really rough estimates nothing's accurate. Dexas kind of an accurate skin folds and accurate your impedance is accurate the only way the best we've got is some for compartment model and MRI and it's going to cost you $1,000 and even then even if you knew exactly what your composition was. It's a Sicifian daily struggle the rest of your life to constantly get more muscle and less fat and you have to worry about that it's like a war of grams every day and every time you eat and you're trying to get more muscle and less fat and you're going to be doing that forever and health is. Never owned only rented and the rent is due daily and so like it even if you had a snapshot that looked pretty good. It's going to go down hill after Christmas or Thanksgiving or the cruise you're going on so it doesn't even matter it's like. Let's pretend I did a Dex on someone and it sucks you're too fat you don't have enough muscle now what are you going to do about it and then oh by the way you have to do that every week for the rest of your life so I just don't find it's entertaining to track these things but it's not value added for me to be honest like I've. I'm going to practice you've been in practice how long we've been in practice. Let's see there was dinosaurs and then I'm late listen so Ted I know these answers but the reality is it's so fun that Ted and I get to chat and you guys are all involved in this conversation. I'm asking because the more advanced a clinician is there are certain components of the body or certain ways of practice that. You know we see it's very cyclical in the beginning of our practice we talk about this in the beginning of your practice as a physician you know we do have lots of providers listening. You are testing and tracking everything literally everything and by the way that is extremely overwhelming for the patient. As you advance I mean I'm in my second decade of practice as you advance in to practice you do less you are hyper focused on more and you are hyper focus on the things that truly move the needle. If I put a gun to Ted's head which I'm not going to and I said is Dieter exercise more effective in moving body composition and creating changing home your status he would say exercise. Probably so probably so but it's so right. I'm holding him but but again that is very difficult to impart which is why you know you can't really do one without the other you really have to nail in nutrition. You can be training like a maniac but you do have to have your nutrition and balance and he's done a wonderful job at that. So we've talked about protein we've talked about how to prioritize it we've talked about carbohydrates and fats. When you are looking at the overall picture what are some numbers that you would give and how do you think about it if for example in your model of a two meal a day eating how much are you consuming are you worried about. The dose of carbohydrates that then stimulates insulin safer example over 50 grams or are you worried about the impact of a dose of saturated fat at that first meal. Got it so yeah so protein basically targeting protein first. I'm really in for a pound of ideal body weight based on your height and then divide in two or three meals or two meals in a snack and like an eight hour eating window that would be kind of ideal for me the. I thought is basically like if you're if you're dieting you you want to keep pat fat to about half a gram per pound of ideal body weight based on your height. So yeah I'm stopping you I'm stopping you I this was on my question list. How do you determine ideal body weight I'm going to tell you I determined ideal body weight but there's lots of talk about because everyone is going to be thinking okay I got to calculate this how do you determine ideal body weight. So you know if like if I'm just looking at someone and I don't care about gender or anything I basically do some fancy calculation of solving for a BMI of 22 what your height would be in meters. I mean you if you're height meters solve for what kilograms would get you to a BMI of 22 but that involves like square roots and a lot of math and it's kind of you have to be a math leap just even understand that but you know how. BMI is kilograms per meter squared and if you just take a BMI of 22 for everybody on the planet men women large mall whatever just as a rough average and then you enter your height in meters squared and you solve that for kilograms you will get like ideal. Body weight for pretty much anybody in to indiscriminately whether you know their male or female or whatever but like on a practical level I did have like in the book I had a little quick and easy calculation where for women you get a hundred pounds for the first five feet of height and then you get five pounds reach an additional inch over five feet so if you're. If you're five that tall even you should weigh a hundred pounds if you're five four that would be a hundred and twenty pounds so a hundred pounds for a five feet and then five pounds reach inch over five feet which is four inches which is four times five twenty so that would be on the. Men exact same thing except men are allowed to weigh one ten for the first five feet and then five five pounds for each inch over that if you know I'm saying. So like if the male was five four he could weigh you know hundred ten plus four times five is twenty hundred thirty. That is like you know really easy anybody can do it way to look at it when I'm designing calculators for ideal body weight based on height I'm basically solving. For kilograms using height and meters and a BMI of twenty two. Interesting interesting you want to hear my way of doing it so so there I mean because listen there's no it's very difficult how do we know. And you you may totally not agree with this because again there is no it's really difficult to say what is your ideal body weight I think the last time if someone was ever fit so for example. I don't know in college I weighed a hundred and ten pounds pretty lean and fit that's my ideal body weight. The last you know I look at my husband in college he was pretty skinny. Sheen but his ideal body weights two hundred pounds the last time he was super fit he was at two hundred pounds and I think picking a. Weight in which you felt great and is could be just as effective I know it's not scientific. But I have found and also pushing yourself a little bit I often pick and we often have patients pick a call to wait. Yeah and that works for all people like me because we weren't always that but that's not working for the next generation because like they had like childhood obesity and they were never at a good way. And so it's a scarily becoming less and less. Like that's going to work less and less going forward unfortunately but yeah I do actually like that for older people it's like you know. Yeah that's that's a really good point with this whole childhood obesity thing we we have to then begin to think. Where do we set our standards in terms of nutrition we then you know my mind we have to go back to. What are the calories that they're and this is a it's going to be a huge challenge because the people listening to this podcast are doing the thing. But what about everybody else who is outside of the arena. What are the recommendations that we're going to tell them when we're going to tell them that the RDA is you know you should have what 48 grams of protein depending on how. We're going to be doing it for some real struggle because it's again to us or yeah. Yeah just go look at a school lunch look at a hospital lunch look at a nursing home lunch. It just makes you want to cry it's disgusting it's disturbing and protein is what's really getting thrown under the bus on all of those. I know it's so odd. It's odd because I think that there's a political agenda there I think that there's a money agenda there and when I say politics I mean we have to account for the whole world it's not just us and. There's a lot of challenges with animal based products and even taking out the animal based products even the plant based products. How are we going to prioritize that's not really the message that we're getting it truly is. Reduce dietary protein which is the worst piece of advice I could ever give somebody. Yeah I agree yeah I hear you I mean the whole plant based thing I mean okay they might be right that fibers good and they might be right that lower in a agency's good and then might be right that you're going to have a less hedonic. Factory's in your diet, but they're really missing the protein angle. For the most part the big picture and a lot of the plant agenda is like oh you're already eating too much protein don't even worry about that and I just really don't agree with that. problematic. And if you have a bigger view, you can see, okay, there are some advantages to this plant-based thing, which might be fiber and energy density in the lower head on the head. I agree. But they're missing out in the protein side. So why don't you actually look at both sides, combine them all, and kind of, you know, take some sort of middle road where you can actually see the pluses and minuses on both sides of the political aisle. So I basically hate politics. I'm super apolitical. And I can just immediately see all the good and bad on both sides. And so I'm just squarely in this all middle zone where I'm just like just absolutely a gas at the extremes on either side. And I do the same thing with carbs versus fat. I do the same thing with plants versus animals. And I do think there's this sort of agnostic neutral middle ground where you can actually see the getting bad on both sides and kind of weigh it out. And it's probably optimal somewhere between. Absolutely. And then the just to kind of round out, I don't know if I got the answer for the question because I'm sure people want the tactical aspect of it. Do you care about the dosing permeal of carbohydrates and... Oh, right. Okay, so fat less so. Like fat can, fat's fairly positive. It takes a very, very long time to be absorbed and to, you know, gets packaged into carbohydrates and it filters through lymphatics and it gets dumped out in the thoracic duct and goes through delivery and gets repackaged and ends up in fat cells. And so the time of fat, I really don't worry about too much. You probably want enough with each meal to add to the longer term to tidy. But it can kind of just be distributed evenly in, you know, more or else however you want. Carbohydrate is a little more strategic. So I think carbs could have a ergonomic benefit. Pretty good. So like some people, if they eat carbohydrates right before they work out, they might have a better workout. They might be able to perform better, either at cardio or resistance training. So there seems to be a bit of an ergonomic effect to carbohydrate kind of like caffeine. And so it's almost like a pre-workout effect. So I think using carbs strategically and the things that carbs do that I think are good are possibly ergonetic before during a workout. Possibly speeding up recovery after workout, you know, or if you're doing multiple bouts of working out in a day. So like if you're, you know, playing soccer for four hours, you might want to drink your gatorade somewhere in there. So it's like basically timing carbs around workouts before during your after. And then possibly in the evening, there might be rest-in digest, person-pathetic, benefit-to-carbohydrate, which is why so many people backload their carbs to eat them later in the evening because you seem to trigger more of a person-pathetic rest-in digest state. So I like using either backloading carbs later in the day for just like people, some people sleep better, or just using them around workouts before they're in or after. And so like a carbs is more of a strategic thing around exercise for me. Special thank you to Inside Tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. The name is Inside Like Inside Your Body Tracker.com slash Dr. Lion. Why do you care about Inside Tracker? Because you care about your blood work. You must understand what is going on with your muscle health. One way to do that is not just by tracking strength, but also by tracking blood markers. Things like fasting insulin, blood glucose, triglycerides. These are all markers that will tell you where your metabolic health is and where your muscle health is. Go to insidetracker.com slash Dr. Lion and you'll get 20% off their entire inside tracker store. I use their mobile flabotomists. I get a report. It's super easy. I have a ton of friends that are practitioners that also use inside tracker not just for their patients, but for themselves. As a health care provider, you can go to Inside Tracker and you'll see the Inside Tracker Pro, which enables coaches, health professionals to provide premium and personal life services by leveraging inside trackers analysis. I know that's a lot, but here's what I'm just going to ask you to do. Go to Inside Tracker.com slash Dr. Lion and you will get 20% off the entire inside tracker store. And do you dose it? For example, I tell my patients that if they're going to have a meal, it's to not exceed outside of training 40 or so grams of carbohydrates because I don't want a secondary insulin response. Again, if you're eating all these vegetables or some of these fibers carbs, potentially you could go higher, but I give them the baseline recommendation that 50 grams, 40 to 50 grams or less if you're not training, the rest of the carbohydrates are earned during exercise or post exercise, the amount that I give them is I'll say for every one hour of moderate intense training where your heart is over 120 beats per minute or so. I might offer them anywhere from 40 to 60 grams of carbohydrates or something like that. Do you have a number that you shoot for? Yeah, yeah, roughly. So like, you know, per day, I'm thinking about a gram per pound of ideal bodyweight in carbohydrate, similar to gram per pound in protein with the caveat that you want the fiber to non fiber ratio as high as you can get. And then I'm a little bit less worried about, you know, per meal if the fiber to non fiber ratio is high enough, that'll kind of take care of itself, I think. But I do agree with what you're saying. You could add in an extra, like a gram per minute for all the high intensity exercise you're doing. If you do an hour of high intensity, like liticate exercise definitely another six-year-old of the carbs, sure. So I like that. It's, you're going to eat roughly gram per pound. You're going to div eat up with your meals or use it around exercise or in the evening. And then you're going to basically keep the fiber to non fiber ratio as high as you can get. And that's kind of how I would make my carbide recommended recommendation. What about saturated fats or fats around training? Do you have any concern? worry about it just it's so passive and it's so delayed and there's just no, nobody's getting an irregogenic benefit from fat, nobody's getting like anything right away. So the the carbide rate is so immediate. It's definitely more time sensitive and more of a timing issue. It's a way more tactical. Fat is not tactical at all. So you just mix it in with your meals so you get a little more satiety and you want to make sure you don't want to go less than 20% of your calories from fat. Pretty much ever. Probably somewhere in the 20 to 40% of your calories is good, you know, right in the 30 35% fat would be awesome. So yeah, so you just you have to have some fat in there for a bunch of reasons and it doesn't really matter when the timing is the least important when it comes to fat in my opinion. Yeah, absolutely agree with you and the evidence would suggest to die at lower than 20% fat can affect hormonal status. I see this often with men, particularly the lower their fat intake below 20%. Again, these are just individual cases anecdotally, but they're testosterone decreases and you will definitely see the information in the literature about lower fat diets and potentially impacting hormonal regulation. What about exercise? What kind of exercise where do you throw exercise if someone is looking to be less fat and more muscle just improve body composition? What's your point of view? Yeah, so basically there are three forms of exercise that everybody should be doing. The first one is resistance training, right? You have to put maximum tension in all of your muscles and you have to give your body the signal that it needs more muscle or you're going to die. That's the only way your body will make more muscle. You can't you can't create muscle by just eating more protein. That's like pushing rope. You have to demand more muscle from your body. By telling your body you're going to die if you don't have more muscle and that's doing things to failure. I like compound exercises, push pull legs, hinge. You want to do at least twice a week, full body to failure. Three times we probably slightly better, but you're basically trying to do big compound movements all the way to failure. That's resistance training. Everyone should be absolutely doing. You're never going to get more muscle about it. Super critical. The second thing that everyone should be doing is cardiovascular exercise. The positive adaptations from cardio. You want a higher VO2 max because that's more associated with longevity than pretty much any other number you can measure on a human. You want to challenge your cardiovascular system regularly. I like people to get maybe not to maximum heart rate, but close, 90-95%. At least once or twice a week, you're trying to, of course, talk to your doctor first because there's somebody out there with every time you do maximum effort cardio, you have a 0.00 or 0.1% chance of just dropping dead because you have some widow maker left-hand surgery sending a thing that you don't know about. But the vast majority of time, you're just going to be better and stronger after doing this sort of thing. But as long as you're healthy, you want to be approaching maximum heart rate once or twice a week at least to try to get positive adaptations. We're going to improve your VO2 max and your cardiac output and how are you tens? How are you tenser? Are we talking? I'm talking rate-of-perceived exertion of 10. You really want to kind of push out of your comfort zone and as you crank the intensity up, you get better and better adaptations. It's just like resistance training, the closer you get to failure, those reps are where you're getting all of the bang for your buck. When it comes to cardio adaptations, you're getting a lot of those at the higher output levels. You're just not going to get the same thing from walking, for example. So you're trying to get a bunch of adaptations from exercise but you're trying to increase speed, you're trying to increase power, you're trying to increase skill, you're trying to increase endurance. And you're not going to get all those things without doing some high-end cardio. So I like people at least once a week to do more of an endurance cardio, at least a half an hour. We'll add a fairly high-art rate. I like people to try to approach maximum of heart rates at least once a week if not more because of the adaptations you're going to get. So you're trying to get cardio adaptation. So everyone should be doing a high-end cardio and endurance cardio and then just cardio, more higher volume zone too, zone three, whatever you want. So you've got resistance and cardio and again, you have to have both just like diet and exercise are equally important and you have to do but you have to do resistance and cardio. You're never going to be an optimal health without both of those. So yes, you want to be strong, you just want to be muscle, but you also want to be fast as hell and you want to have tons of endurance. And so resistance and cardio both. And then the third form of exercise that everyone should be doing is just general movement, a high-step count, a high-level of non-exercise activity thermogenesis just walking around a lot. You know, our, you know, your hunter-gatherers are getting 20,000 steps a day and we're getting 3,000 steps a day. And so you just want to be at least moderately active because there are so many people out there who are just constantly thinking about their diet, diet, diet, diet, they're, they're just really white-knuckling the diet. Everything has to be on process and paleo and they're looking their macros, but they're never doing enough exercise and they're never going to get exactly where they want to be. And half those people would be better off just doing just a way higher volume of exercise and then eating whatever the hell they want. Because exercise, as your caloric burn goes up from exercise, your body just very smoothly regulates intake to expenditure perfectly. And you'll never get that at low energy expenditure. So if you're just sitting on the couch and really trying to dial in your diet, harder and harder and harder, you're just not going to get to where you want to be. And so a lot of these people need to think way less about their diet and just crank the volume of exercise way higher. And so you really want to be pulling the diet and exercise lovers equally hard and not get too freaked out about one of the other. That makes me think of the biggest misconceptions that are just discussed. What do you think the biggest, if you were to pick, we'll go to three, how about three, or maybe two, whatever you want. The biggest misconceptions related to fat loss that we're seeing now. Wow. Let's see. That's up. The three biggest like from like mainstream media type thing. Yeah, anywhere. Yeah. And maybe there are the old things like just restrict calories and walk more. I don't know. Do you think that there is a certain misconceptions? I think one big one is basically a monofocal approach where you're just looking at one thing. So like, okay, it's just all about fructose. Just don't eat fructose. Look at all the fructose. Or it's just about animal foods. Okay, if we were all vegan, if we were all went plant-based or just looking at something like that, you know, you just need the lowest fat you possibly can. So if you're any time you're doing a monofocal approach where it's just carbs, it's just fructose. It's just fat. It's just saturated fat. It's just calories. It's just the exercise. You're really going to get like 10% better and then just completely fail. And you really have to integrate all of these things at once. And so everybody's right about something and it's really all them together. And it's a higher priority percent and more fiber and lower intensity, unless he donics, in less processed and doing cardio and your stepcat and resistance training and muscle quality. And all of these things are like kind of equally important. And if you're not looking at all of them together, you're just not going to, you know, get the whole picture. It's just monofocal reliance. And then every time you read a clickbait article, it's about one thing. It's like, you know, everyone's eating weight to make saturated fat. Or you're already getting plenty of protein, you know, we're obsessed with protein, you know, or it's like there's a fiber problem in America. It's like you just focus on one thing. And it's just really not going to explain everything. And it's really not going to get you there. And I'm definitely worried when somebody tries to just blame everything on one thing. Very smart answer. Putting you on the spot. Very smart answer. I could not do better. That is an excellent, excellent answer. What do you tell or have you had people that you find our weight loss resistant or their body composition just doesn't move? Have you had that experience with your patients? Yeah. And it's especially people who've just always been obese. So I have patients both their parents are morbidly obese. They were morbidly obese as a child in adolescents as an adult. And they've had so much fat cell hyperplasia. Basically, your fat cells can either hypertrophy where they get bigger and die. Or they can undergo hyperplasia, which is where you multiply them and get way more and more more fat cells. And these people have, maybe 10 times as many fat cells as someone who is never overweight. And they hit this major wall on body fat percent because they, you know, let's say they were 50 percent body fat at one point. And they have 10 times more out of sight than everyone else. They can die it down and shrink down all their fat cells a lot. But they get just so hungry at this shrunken out of a sight level. Their their leptin resistance or whatever you want to call it. They're leptin to out of an act in ratios or all screwed up because they have so much fat tissue hyperplasia that they can only get so low and they're just starving out of their mind. It's like if I try to get down to 5 percent body fat, I would be the same little hunger that they have when they're 30 percent body fat because of how much fat's all hyperplasia they've undergone earlier in life. You know what I mean? And that is just a really tough situation. And honestly, I do prescribe drugs for people who've had this just lifelong program to be a city. I am prescribing JLPw. Under subgrading, Mr. Trezzepotide, Giuseppe Bandir, Wigavy, I'm in Jaro, Jaro, Zambic, your semagletide. I'm using all these drugs and they are effective and they are basically just massively overdriving, society signaling in a way that you could never accomplish. With food and that does seem to be helpful especially for people who've just always been overweight because it's so hard for them to get to normal weight. It's the same amount of difficulty it would be for me to be like stagely bodybuilder style. You don't mean those are about the same degree of difficulty. So, yeah, definitely people who've been fat forever, super super super super tough for them to get all the way down to their goal. What do you do on the flip side of that? You know, we talk about fat and the opposite sides of the same coin. Do you then prescribe something for skeletal muscle health? What are your thoughts on that? If someone has low engines, yeah, if you're a high bogonaddle, I might be prescribing testosterone or something like that. But typically, no, it's really just protein and lifting for most people. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. I would love to highlight their micro factor. You know, people ask me all the time, what kind of foods do I recommend, what kind of diet, and the reality is humans get into this behavior of eating the same thing over and over and over again. And that also means that they get the same nutrients over and over again. And that is one reason why I recommend micro factor. And this is a complete daily nutrient pack. It has antioxidants. It has co-cutin, essential fatty acids. It even has a fruit and veggie cap, a multivitamin. The big picture is you're not going to get everything that you need just by eating food, especially if you are one of those people that just gets into the rut of eating. That is why diversifying foods and diversifying supplements can be very helpful. If you are not taking a multivitamin, I strongly suggest micro factor. They're complete daily nutrient packs. Super easy to travel with. You don't have to lay out the whole pill box. Everything comes in one small pack. You can grab a handful, throw it in your suitcase, grab it for when you head on over to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. You know, I think in an ideal world that eventually will get to a place in medicine, we have pretty set standards for how we're treating obesity. Which again, I do. I feel like we have an obesity problem. I always say we don't. We do, but I don't believe that that's at the root. But we have standards and treatment protocols put into place to deal with someone who is obese or having fat cell hyperplasia. Yet, we ignore the muscular skeletal health issue and even the medications available. Sarcopenia wasn't an ICD 10 diagnosis until 2016. Obesity was finally a diagnosis in 2013. The perspective that we have has to change so that we can then be more effective at treatment. Because those with fat cell hyperplasia or those with exceedingly low muscle mass, the skeletal muscle system can be somewhat wanted. Muscle protein synthesis. A fact can be blunt in it really does people to service if we cannot prescribe things that augment skeletal muscle health. And we're so restricted that it has to be based on hypogonatism or low levels of hormones. Because it's just a matter of time before the skeletal muscle health is going to catch up to them. Again, these are these are just my thoughts and I'm hoping collectively as physicians, we can really begin to move these guidelines and bring in muscle-centric medicine and create guidelines for that. It would be really really helpful for people. Yeah, I agree. And even like, you know, post-manipausal women with the severe osteoporosis, acupena, anabolic agents are probably way better than bisosinates and protein and lifting and anabolic are probably where it's at. And you can probably just walk into the room and just glance at someone and look at their appendicular lean mass and be like, oh my god, you need way more protein, you need to be lifting. You might need anabolic if you're, you know, post-manipausal female with an undetectable estrogen testosterone. And so you're like all over that, but the average person is not even on their radar. Like nobody in the clinic is talking about muscle amount or quality or any of this stuff. And you're right, that should be that. You know, it's like, you know, how much can you binge-press should be like, you know, what are your vital sides? It's like, you know, how much can you dead live? What's your, you know, dead hang time? What's your, you know, it's like what, ratio of your body weight can you overhead press? These should all be like on your chart, along with your blood pressure. And so like you're preaching the choir, I like really appreciate muscle centric approach. And it's a massive huge big deal. And if everyone was dialing that in, it would be enormous. Well, maybe as I begin to put together the board for muscle centric medicine, I can count you in. Absolutely. Yes, please definitely. I would love it. What are some of the biomarkers that you're looking at in your clinic? Things that you think are really important. Right, right. Well, kind of like you said earlier, now that I've been out of practice for, you know, our out of residency and in practice. And dinosaurs were alive. Yeah, I got out of residency in 2000, believe it or not. And I used to do so much more lab testing. I did all this, you know, functional medicine training and I was checking all these crazy labs. And the, the, the, the, with age, you get like this wisdom and you kind of realize that some of this stuff actually doesn't really matter. And so I do less and less and less testing. And you know, I hate to say, but if you go to like a naturopath who's fresh out of school and has no real good feel of how everything works, they're going to be thousands of dollars shot going labs. And you, you've got your reverse T3. And like all these crazy crazy things that are just so not helpful. And the long idea is the lesson less I look at in terms of lab testing. So it's a very, very short list of things that I'm looking at. But I do like, he and the club in A1C, that's a critical test that I'm doing in everybody. I do like fasting lippids and I'm looking at triglycerides, especially, very, very useful to see how you do you want to share the numbers? So you guys fasting triglycerides is a certainly one of the things of that we think about for insulin resistance and just metabolic dysfunction. What number, what numbers are you looking at? Right. So basically, you want, you know, fasting blood draw no calories 90 to 12 hours and you want to triglycerides to be under 100. Anyone with triple digit triglycerides is has an issue. And if you hit, you know, 1, 21, 30, your severely insulin resistance. And of course, the textbook is like under 150 is normal, but it just gets worse and worse, you know, anything above basically 100. So lower is better. Definitely want to be double dated instead of triple dated is under 100. And that's a really useful test in my opinion. So yeah, A1C, I'm looking at that a lot, fasting lippids, I'm looking at that. I'm looking at, you know, and of course, I'm also in anyone who's struggling, I'm checking a thyroid, I'm checking testosterone, I am checking some of these other hormones. But you know, and everyone who comes in gets a, you know, a completely like count of conference metal panel, A1C, lib is thyroid, these kinds of things. But I'm not doing a lot of other fancy advanced testing beyond that because it's just not that helpful because at the end of the day, everyone needs more cardio, a better diet, higher protein energy ratio, higher, cyber calorie, you know, more lifting, more cardio, more muscle, less fat. These are all cissophia and things that you have to work on every day forever. And it's, you're playing the long game and it's a marathon and not a sprint. And so whatever you're allowed to today, I just pretend I checked them, they suck and now you need to work harder in the kitchen and in the gym. Right. And actual numbers are not that helpful. I, I just love that, that you're saying this because again, you've been in practice for quite some time and it ends up being full circle. We can do these fancy things that, yes, some people need them. We have to build the foundation, we have to get the foundation right. Once you build the foundation, you get to have a lot more flexibility in the fun stuff, whether it's red light or sauna therapy, all thing cool plunging things I love. I do all of these things. But building the foundation for long, lasting health and the trajectory of one's health and wellness is so critical. You have, we had one of your business partners or medical partners on, we're talking about an app about satiety before we close out. I'd love for you to mention it where everyone can find you, find the app, etc. Yeah, great. Thank you so much. I've been working with Dr. Andreas. I felt another awesome primary care family medicine doctor, like us, you know, we're the greatest, let's face it. So, Dr. I'm a Delta Doctor fan and I developed this or with his Delta Doctor team developed this Hava app, HAVA. You can check out the website at Hava.co. There's an app for, you know, on the Google Play Store and on the app store and I've always been, it's basically an app that just calculates satiety per calorie of foods and it's looking at things like protein percent and she density, fiber, fraction and hedonic factors and basically, you know, you put in your extra lean ground beef and you've got like an 80 out of 100 spectacular and then like a cookie is literally a zero because the hedonic factors are just going to make you eat a ton of them for no protein or water or fiber or this tidy calories, you know, literally zero and so it's just a very interesting way of looking at your diet from a qualitative point of view instead of a quantitative point of view. You basically take pictures of everything you eat, it all gets tracked, you're looking at a satiety score, you're looking at protein that there are two things that the app is trying to encourage you to do. Number one, eating a protein and number two, keep the satiety score in a good range. So that's basically lower energy density carved in fat. So if you're eating lots of protein and then, you know, fruits and vegetables, you're going to do great. If you're just eating cookies, you're going to do horrible and it's just a, I think it's especially helpful for somebody who just doesn't know all this stuff. Like, you know, you and I, we walk into the grocery store and just glance at a food and the nutrition label and boom, it's like the matrix. We can see exactly what all the macros are and exactly what it's going to do long term and exactly what the satiety for calorie is. It's almost intuitive at this point. But that's the skill that you have to learn and most people just have no idea. And so this app just takes all this complex nutritional information and just makes it super simple and dials it down to like one number and I think it's pretty cool and, you know, people would check it out and see what they think. But yeah, it's been great working with Dr. Ryan Feld. He's awesome and it's whole team's very tall. Super tall, holy cow that guys tall he was six, seven or something and I'm five, ten, but I feel so short every time I meet Dr. Ryan Feld. He's just really tall. Well, Dr. Ted Naman, thank you so much for coming on the show. I really appreciate all the work that you're doing. If you guys don't follow Ted, you definitely should. I will link to all of his stuff. His Twitter is wonderful and his website, his Instagram, you name it. I'm going to put it here again. Thank you so much for your time and I am counting you in and the Muscle Center of Medicine Board. So thank you so much. Awesome. Thank you.