Alzheimer's doesn't start with memory loss. It starts silently, decades earlier. In places you'd never expect. How young is then too young to think of a brain health? But never too young. The fourth section is not too young. Today's guest might completely change how you think about your brain, your food, and your future. Dr. Alexis Wood is a leading researcher at Baylor College of Medicine. She studies how your genetics and your diet interact to shape your brain. From the moment your born to the moment it starts to fade. Lifestyle changes could certainly delay on itself. We're diving into some big questions today. What is it that we know about childhood nutrition? Can we affect ADHD just by nutrition alone? What role does the current science information landscape have to tell us about how we can feed our children? Never go of one study. Ever ever ever ever ever. Okay. I can show you studies that say smoking does not cause a lot of cancer. This conversation doesn't just focus on what's going wrong. It's about what you can do to protect yourself and your loved ones. What to eat, what to look for, and how to fight back. Set up a healthy food environment, and model good food bait is set boundaries for your children. Because the earlier you understand this, the better the chance you have of changing your brain's future. And it starts with changing our children's present. Where are we in the landscape of childhood nutrition and genetics? I want to really hear and focus in on the research that you're doing and the questions that you're asking. Okay. I think we have basically nothing in children in child nutrition and genetics. A tool bring those together. I would say that even in child nutrition, it has been overlooked. In fact, the history, so you know, every five years, as you well know, the USDA can't wait for some major changes. Right. You're lost. Just kidding. Just kidding. I'm sure you talked about it. Still waiting. Produces the dietary guidelines for Americans, which changes slightly in each iteration, how the purpose is stated. But it's essentially how to make dietary choices that will keep you healthy or reduce your risk of chronic disease. And it was only in the last iteration. They included my advice. I know for two to three year olds. You know? And if you read it, I understand no one wants to read right in the weeds. The very honest, very transparent and they spell it out. We had no research on foods and their effects on cognitive and social health. You know, anthropometrics, but height, weight, we've got. I mean, we need more, but we're there. This piece we had nothing so we're sort of inferring from other populations and we don't even have great things there. So it's really a black hole I feel for children. I feel confident saying that because when I speak to people at the USA, they agree. You know, they're very excited by the idea of creating a cohort of children that we can study the effects of diet on more social cognitive development outcomes. So that's a black hole. And we're doing everything from what we know in adults. And I think we actually know a lot in the science field as adults. But now I'm scientists we're up against the white of world. And how people interpret it, what they choose to make into a news story and so on. And that's bringing a lot of issues to our goal that feels a bit like a step back. Do you think that it's always been that way? And when I say always been that way, meaning issues to your door. Because there is more information out there than ever before. I think we are all struggling with what to trust, what not to trust, who to trust, how to understand the science. And then also children, again, there is nothing, I mean, even for protein recommendations. We don't really know for kids. We don't buy opti kids. How do you see your work helping? And what is it that you're working on now, specifically? So I've started a study. So we won't be analyzing the data. We won't be during conclusions. But we are looking at establishing a longitudinal cohort of children from 12 months, assessing their diet, taking blood samples to look at both biomarkers of dietary intake. Because it's so hard to assess that and everyone children add another layer. You mean they don't listen. And they're not going to do food free food. Well, they're not going to tell you what they're eating. No, and parents, you know, may not be with their child all the time. They may be divorced. They may have big hair. They may have a friend's house. So capturing is challenging. So we're looking at some biomarkers in the blood. But we also want to use the blood to try to capture when that food is being digested and processed and absorbed. How does it change the body? And then we take those changes and say, can we look at what those might do for health now and long term? That's fascinating. Are you able to share any of the biomarkers or meaningful metabolites? No, we haven't done anything in kids yet. We did find that red meat was associated with an anti-inflammatory metabolite. Most of that actually was, this was in adults was actually confronted by the association at a population level of eating red meat and high BMI, which is not to say that eating red meat leads to the high BMI. It's just there are conflated. And we did find an unknown molecule associated with avocado intake too. And we tracked the effects of those molecules on health outcomes, which is really interesting. Where do you think the landscape is right now for kids? So the information that you know, I know that you feel very passionately about childhood nutrition and brain function. I'm assuming all of these things. Yes. So scientifically, I think it's an emerging field. Okay? I think for parents, I don't think they know that. I think a lot of even scientists were shocked to be like the when the USDA produced their guidelines. They pull a lot of experts together to do the literature review. And I've had anecdotally from people in the room that people were like, I didn't have any said you didn't know. What do you mean they're like who? Go get them, go find them. Yeah. They're not there. So that was very surprising to scientists. They'd be even more shocking to parents, right? And caregivers of the children. And in terms of the landscape, I think the good thing is, we have a lot of parents now. At least I meet. And I think I see out there that are very interested in the importance of nutrition for children that, um, believe it has help effects and it can help them now and help their developmental children. And that is a wonderful place to start because I feel like from the point of view of chronic disease 30 years ago, I'm drawing around and decade. It was an uphill battle to persuade people and even some clinicians that what you eat could affect your diabetes risk and so on. I totally agree. So we're starting from a better place. I think the the flip side is it's overwhelming and confusing. I I couldn't agree with you more and probably more so now than ever with the increase in tick talk and media and the damage that it can potentially do, which I think is really profound. You studied ADHD, right, a hyperactivity disorder. Are we seeing more of that now and do you think that there is a genetic versus an environmental influence? We are seeing more and numbers of diagnosed cases. I find it hard to believe we are seeing a change in the children's presentation of the behavior. I do believe it's very possible that as expectations as school landscapes change, school expectations, set ups, classrooms and so on. The behavioral response is one that is labeled attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. And it's actually to me ADHD is a diagnosis of certain behaviors and then impairment is a key pot. And if it's impairing yes, then it's there. I'm not sort of super interested in a debate of is this real or not. So we are seeing more cases. It's definitely has strong genetic elements. I did a lot of heritability studies. Yeah, I know there's a I think he works also with twins with twins. We used monitors like autistic and said and dice like autistic these are twins who have different amounts of genetic sharing. But they each within a twin pair that to show the same amount of their common environment. You're able to do just that information. So no actual genes or genetic variants to take traits and take the overlap between behaviors and say how much of this is genetic environment. And ADHD came out as one of the most heritable traits. I think there's some mathematical issues in there. But it is heritable and I think it's also one of the child's definitions we have found the most robust evidence for which genes are playing into it. Tiny portion. But that makes me feel even more confident there's a genetic element. What about the nutrition aspect? In terms of ADHD, there's a lot of information out there that for example is a parent listening. And I've heard parents at my children's school say, I don't want to let my child have, I don't know, get rid because of the red dye or various food out of it. Have you heard those? I have heard those. I hear those. I'm lucky enough that people trust me to ask questions when I meet them in my daily life. Right. I'm lucky and I had someone text me and say, hey, my kid has ADHD. The medication is that we're going to, my son has ADHD. He also has lactose intolerance and that parent had put those two together and said, is it, do you have him off lactose? Because she knows when she's kind of to bring treats into class, sound scary, free. She keeps him off dairy because of his ADHD. And I was like, oh, that is actually a very separate issue. I'm very aware of those. Feel strongly. Scientists are interested in that. They can see a mechanism for that, a rational for thinking that. I've never known a study get very far with showing that. I think we have failed to find evidence that diet can significantly impact symptoms of ADHD. The place to go if you want to check out a hundred percent grass fed and grass-finished beef stick that are nutrient dense and clean, you want to go to Paleo Valley. Now, these beef sticks who doesn't love a good beef stick, they taste amazing. No added sugar, no artificial anything. They're fermented, which means they support your gut. They deliver more bioavailable nutrients and they have a long shelf life without the use of harmful additives. They've found one in my purse from when I was pregnant. I did not eat it, but that's still not the point. Paleo Valley has been sourced from regenerative farms here in the US, which is really important. We've got to support these farmers. It's like getting farmers of market quality delivered to your door. Go to PaleoValley.com-doctorline to get 15% off automatically. That's PaleoValley.com-doctorline, real food, real ingredients. I will tell you, people are always messaging me about what kind of foods that they can eat on the go and for kids. There are a whole host of beef sticks, there's chicken sticks, you name it, they have it, they are incredible and you will not be disappointed. That being said, I don't want to take away, I do hit parents. They will I took my child off this and they are doing fabulously. And I'm very respectful of that and if you could do that and that works for you, I'm not going to say that's wrong. I'm not going to say you didn't get that right. I was at a population level. If we wanted to shift that diagnostic percentage rat or we wanted to shift the customer environment, we have failed to find evidence that changing that. Do you think that we've looked, do you think that we have good enough clinical evidence have we been able to look at it in a meaningful way? Potentially? I think it's no, I don't think we have. I do I think we've struggled to do it in adults. I think we have to, we have to also remember adults have been studied much much longer. Mentor of the criticism about how we've devised our evidence was done on studies in adults. We also have to remember that ADHD is relatively new and interest in children and understanding that. What happens in childhood may impact that comes is also relatively new. What happens in childhood? Well, I think there was a sort of sense. I mean, obviously not among pediatricians and pediatric scientists, but child is sort of a discrete category rate and we didn't assess the diet. They just need to eat healthy and grow and it'll be fine and they're not getting diabetes. They're not getting heart disease. It's not so important. In fact, in the UK, Kate Middleton picked this up as her interest and had a campaign for a focus on the early years and a focus on the importance of those, which arose out of a concern that the country, as she saw it, was not focusing on those important years. So I think it's safe to say it has been overlooked. So there is a lot of potential to find things, find exciting things. Really figure out how to help kids. When you're looking at nutrition in your lab and nutrition genetics, what are some of it? So you'd mention that you're working on a study now looking at metabolites in children. Yes, you will be. Are there certain diets that you believe or feel that there's enough evidence for that we can say this is a good choice for kids? If you're prepared to make the leap that we can generalize from adults to children, which I think is reasonable, except that we don't study brain development. So that is a huge huge. It's pretty consistent across the literature that a Mediterranean diet as well. And how would you define a Mediterranean diet? Oh, my goodness. I'm going to go back to my coding of how I code it. So we are going to say high in pulses and whole grains high in low fat dairy high in high in low fat dairy. I mean, high in white meat, fish, fruits and vegetables, moderate in alcohol, which I don't think sadly for me is going to stick. That is pretty much unpicked fat. So if I did interesting that that never really made the headlines from the scientists know the meaning. I was like, not really like that. Yeah. I would not advise alcohol. I did drink alcohol. So, fair play. I think that will go into the no, no into added sugars and really whole foods, nothing crazy. Yeah, it is. I think the focus of the Mediterranean diet, which we do not assess well in our studies from the tools we use was the olive oil and the fats and the oils. And we have really not been able to look at that well, except in one intervention as a whole. I mean, there are some smaller randomized control trials. So under that caveat, I sort of look at it and I'm like, yeah, I mean, if I take someone with just sort of a little bit of interest and say, well the best diet is high in fish and white meat and pulses and whole grains and fruits and vegetables, they'll be like, what time is something I don't know. Right. And I'm like, I think it might be that simple. It's very hard to do from multiple reasons, but that might be 90% of your variants in nutrition can do run-out all the way. Maybe you run-out old a crucial lifespan if you're not a bodybuilder or an athlete, but facing a condition. You know, I think it's an interesting thought in terms of the Mediterranean diet because I've seen different Mediterranean style diets. And we know that in terms of, for example, iron deficiency in in children young adults, you know that that certainly is of concern and I know that the iron content and say white meat is a bit lower than a bit lower than red meat. And I really don't think any of our studies in which we can really draw these conclusions have got at, but a little bit of my soup sop box. The immense amount of privilege that go absolutely into being able to choose a diet like that. To choose, yes. A obtain, consume, and stop. I mean, all of that. And I really bothers me sometimes when I, you know, took people when I see people feel like I'm failing my job because I can't do this. And I'm like, I mean, come on, you're not failing. There's multiple other things. You're doing an amazing job to be here. I'll ask me these questions. And so the study I mentioned, one of my second and my top table, I'm like, study really looking at the effects. I got into because I said, I have, it just doesn't make sense to me that we demonize red meat. And we continue to do it now. We just continue to do it. And I'm going to be such a privilege to have it. Right. Other countries. And also though, for some people, some forms of on-person's meat can be affordable. They're palatable. They don't, everyone gets to, I didn't want my dinner. I get another one. You know? And I'll tell you a story. I presented the findings. I went to the American Society Nutrition two years ago. And I presented the study. And I said, basically, we didn't, what was the study? The study was to use just self-reported red meat intake, divide it into unprocessed and processed red meat, quantify their intake, identified by a marker in the blood that correlated with that, and see what the health effects of those might be. And it was to look at whether red meat increased information, which is a risk for how did ask it is. Is this the metabolites link intake over healthy diet? Is that the one to better answer? No, that's the miles one. It's a red meat in metabolomic study of red meat. Un-toggy-toothed metabolomic study of red meat can take something like that. In American Genomecline Conetration 2024. And essentially, I went into it because I was like, this should be a pretty healthy food, like all things in moderation, right? And I don't see the evidence we see in everything. Theological Studies playing out in controlled trials. Now that might happen for various reasons. So let's take a look. Let's take a look at sort of fascinating. Imagine eating the way we assess it, we get some idea of the fat content and so on. Like, fairly low fat, unprocessed protein. And the rates, the amount people were consuming is that these are slightly odd. It was not super high when I had a seven stakes for breakfast. Imagine showing that really affect your health, like, these are probably little into this. And we didn't find any association. We didn't, we didn't ever even go into analyses to say, it was healthy. We just said, we did not find this association with increased information. And we can tell you why, because we just mixed with other studies, some studies might. And I presented it at the ASL. And I'm like, and it was a blood bath. That is the only word I can use. I mean, wow. The audience got so angry at me. Someone stood up and criticized it for being a cross-sectional study, which is very fair. But all the other studies that session had been cross-sectional. Wow. Someone else just settled a stuff and finished with, I'm going to dedicate my career to proving you wrong. And I was like, I hope you can see it. Because I'm very happy. Were you? Was that a lie? And I think that brought home to me the effect of misinformation, the bias, and how it may not even, when I'm day-to-day being a scientist, just be out there, is like, okay, we should communicate more. We have a duty, we are funded by Texas to communicate more. But I do see my job as largely producing these results. So here. And so it was like, okay, the misinformation is causing problems down the line. And I was like, wow, it's around me. It's a base of, it was really shocking. But then, I was getting round two, is the motorway to actually help me out and cold it off. I was like, we're just going to add some move on. And you were surprised. I was like, what? I am so unprepared. Like I had no concept. And this is an academic meeting. This is ASS. It is. Yeah. I mean, I can't, not everyone is 100%. But for the most scientists, yes, this is where we're going. It's around. It used to be experimental biology and ASS combined, right? It was. It was, yes. And so I had people come up with me and really thank me for sharing that first reasons. And one that stopped with me. Sadly, I was getting in a cab for dinner, so I couldn't talk to her. She said, I'm a dietitian. And I have a lot of people come through my practice, the best recommendation. I can give them for what they will do. And what is achievable for them is to increase their red meat. And I'm not allowed to say it. I don't know about you, but I stop breastfeeding a long time ago. And I'm not talking about my kids. I'm talking about me and classroom, which is in the first of Mother's Milk. This is where good health starts. And that's why I've added Amra, classroom, to my diet. And I use it in my ice coffee. It is a whole food supplement packed with 400 bioactive nutrients like prebiotics, peptides. These compounds are amazing. They support digestion, optimized performance, help with all kinds of things. And Amra uses a unique technology to preserve these nutrients in their purest form. So you know what you are getting is actually what is on the label. This is one of the finest products that I have seen. I also love that they are third party tested. You can trust it. And we've got a special offer for you. So if you are struggling with your gut health or you want something extra and you don't want to breastfeed as an adult, get 15% off your first order at triamra.com. That's TRY-ARM-R-A.com slash Dr. Lyon and use the code Dr. Lyon at checkout. And I need this research. Would it be my top food if I could pick any food? No, that's just early. Who knows? But for these people, they can do that. And I can't. And so I've got where we got back around to like, what do we know? Yeah. You know, foods that you think are valuable for people, what we actually know, what is the best diet or individuals? Oh, you would have the like, wait, the red meat and the red meat. We have not because we really did the ice-up from it. Again, at the end of the day, I don't care what people eat. I care that they're healthy. There's a million different ways to get there. Wait, but if we are going to push in one direction and push a narrative that says go more plant-based, then we have to have signs to back that up and we don't have that. Right. And what I think is the science, if I felt comfortable saying what a recommendation would be, that would be a diet of both fruits and vegetables. We are not consuming of fruits and vegetables. The RDA for protein is very low. We need more nutrient-dense foods. The RDA is probably even the raw meat number. Right, it's probably an irrelevant number. And unfortunately, because of media, we are confused as a country, as a world. And so that's why I think it's important. And that's actually why I started the podcast. Is I wanted to have transparent conversations? Right. And we need scientists like you who, you're a career scientist. And you're getting up in front of ASN, which is some maybe non-scientists, but the majority of them are academics. Right. Yeah, absolutely. And that's to move into a landscape where there are a good scientist has nose their bias. Right. And they can put that aside to answer a question. And also a good scientist should know one study does not a recommendation make. Right. It was one study to say, hey, I think I might have to say this. We gotta replicate. We have to do a trap. Through all this stuff multiple times and to see that response is pretty shocking. Did that change the way you thought about doing research in the future? I mean, it had to be kind of in the back of your mind. Like, oh, do I want to, well, I mean, you're a pretty strong personality. So maybe you were like, you know what? I'm going to do more on that. And pretty much did. I got a little angry. Yeah. And again, you know, I can step back and say, you don't need to get angry at individuals. Maybe I can channel this feeling into productive science. But I, you know, I would talk to people and I talk to the Catholics who will work a association who will fund research if it's good and they're quite unbiased. I know how to extend this. We gotta do it again. Like, I'm interested. It did make me like a little like, it's hard not to take it also personally. When you go up in good faith and just say, I am reporting data and people are like, I mean, I didn't, I didn't even generate the data. You someone else's. Yeah. Happens all, but it happens. It does. It does. It does. People get very angry. You know, we did an episode talking about cycle sinking on the data behind that and whether someone wants to train around their menstrual cycles is total, I can appreciate feeling more fatigue all of these things. But we don't have the data to say that that is what is necessary and maybe eventually we will. But we don't have it at that time. And so, and I think it was important. Great. You said if people want to change around that. And I had you say that in some of your clips. And, you know, so I used to be a bodybuilder. I was interested in how just new menstrual cycles. I was going to compete when I got pregnant with my son. Wanted, but was quick, so great. I mean, by design. And so I was going to compete pregnant. I thought that'd be really cool. They don't have to win or just the experience. But I couldn't keep protein down. I was vomiting a lot a lot. I didn't. So I didn't lift and then I now do it. I now do it recreationally. I prioritize other things more than I would like to than heavy lifting. But I looked at the menstrual cycle in the training. Because if I'm really limited in my ability, and I was like, ah, the data are not there. And I was like, but you know what? Right? Before I am a little feel, I definitely have lower ability in number of reps. I can do because I track it religiously right around my cycle. There's no data to say that's any different. Right? You should always, in the style of lifting. I do go to failure pretty much. Have your rest. Do your rip. And then if you can do more, you're not doing it right. So. And so, as I, you know what, though, I'm kind of tired and right before. I don't really want to push myself out. And that's fine. Right? That's a very, as a good choice to make. Right? So decoupling that need for data to say something we want. We don't have to weaken one and recognize other constraints or other pressures or other drivers of our lifestyle. And so, you know, I go into that. I feel tired. Yeah. And it doesn't have to be a data driver. You can be driven. You can be driven. There's a problem that we feel like now it has to get it soon. Right? No. I think that that's right on. Your work on brain function. So there's one, you know, you've actually published quite a bit. This one, so this was in obesity society, cognitive performance in BMI and childhood. The shared genetic influences between reaction time but not response inhibition. Can you share a little bit about this study in our eye? Can you just provide a background? Is that this study provides this was the first direct evidence of shared genetic factors between slower reaction time and higher BMI and children? Okay. Yeah. And the great thing is we replicated that study in an independent sample. So, you know, so we do see that cognitive abilities associated with the tension deficit and high-pructivity disorder. So I think the best way to explain it that's also scientific is challenges with self-regulation. You know, my PhD did a lot of looking at how cognitive self-regulation actually gave rise to what we see as high-pructivity and possibility. And people at the centre of the time were pushing forward research that has really stood the test of time that children with ADHD don't necessarily have a lower performance. It's just much more variable. And so we have this concept of self-regulation and cognitive regulation how you regulate your attention, how consistently can you pay attention? Can you plan, can you organize those sorts of facets of cognition? And we do find that children with obesity also have lower schools in those. And I was fascinated why can we show this and demonstrate it and then what does that mean? Either for the e-tology of obesity, maybe they're having trouble self-regulating their food to take or maybe it's a consequence of obesity in which case perhaps there are population we can give more support to. Maybe it's both. Probably about, right? But the problem is correlating those two, even longer, you cannot dramatically increase a child to obesity and see what happens. They're cognitive development. There's not a lot we have learned how to do to meaningfully and stably change people's cognitive self-regulation yet and that is largely genetic or, ah, or is it both? Probably you have a good genetic potential but the environment can be huge. I always tell people that one of the most heritable child cognitive abilities is reading a ability, bring a child up without books they're not going to be able to read. So you cannot that right out the water with the environment, right? Now it's extreme. But so, you know, I really wanted to look at, because the correlation between those abilities and increased BMI, words and in best correlation, right? Lower abilities, high BMI. Lower cognitive ability. Yeah, lower ability. Yeah, lower ability. Suffering, you eat. Yeah. So you know, that was a project that I worked on in my postdoc at Witton. Oh, really? Yeah, we never ended up publishing it but we looked at body composition, brain function under FMI. There you go. I saw the higher the BMI and actually the higher the waistline, the lower the brain volume and the lower the cognitive restraints and various markers from like the strupestings like that. I think that is a beautiful example of what I was trying to do to which is, okay, we see an association on an investment association. Can we provide a little bit hotter evidence? Right, but it's not just, they didn't test so well or it. And so you use brain imaging. I didn't have that option. I use genetics. If I can find genes at driving these, I mean, that's pretty amazing. Yeah, that's probably even more valuable. Oh, so they're the combination of all of it. So that was what we found is that this association, these two domains, the BMI, that Michael, that physical domain and that mental domain, the cognitive domain, shared genetics. And what I took from that is they really are interlinked. They are meaningful for each other. It's not an artifact. And this is the meaningful relationship. It is BMI and is it fair to say cognitive performance? Yes, yes, that would be very accurate on specific tests that we give. And so the reaction time is just the precise metric of a broader self-regulation test given to the children. Also, there was one finding here, again, this may have been in the discussion, that this might help explain why disorders like ADHD are linked to obesity as a true. It is true. Which would, is there a, you know, it's interesting? Is it a bidirectional relationship? Does ADHD? So would, would obesity drive ADHD and vice versa? My understanding we've never studied that specifically is that obesity can impact behavior in the ADHD direction. Can you know, lowest African? I don't think it could push it over the threshold. It does seem that ADHD can push over into the threshold of obesity, which I think is probably linked to it occurring over time. But there's really interesting study designs that provide strong evidence that ADHD increases the risk of obesity. One of the sponsors of the show are place is a key to that. Now, many of us still use non-stick cookware and if I come to your house, I guarantee I will be rating your cabinets to throw them out because non-stick contains harmful chemicals, like Teflon, PFAS. We've all heard about this. They leach into food and if I could go back in time, I would change out my cookware. But it's never too late to start to make better choices now and in our house, we use our place, which is a toxin-free, high-performance cookware and appliances designed for safer, simpler use. And by the way, they don't kill your aesthetic of your home. They look amazing. None of the cookware has forever chemicals in it. It is worth it if you change one thing, change your cookware. And if you're wondering, all right, Doc, what should I try first? Well, they have a four-piece cookware set, which saves you 150 bucks. You can start there, throw out the rest, stop cooking with toxic cookware and upgrade to our place today. Visit from our place that's FROM-O-U-R-P-L-A-C-E.com. So, use the code, Dr. Lyon, for 10% off, site-wide. And you have a free 100-day risk-free trial. Free shipping and returns, so you can experience quality cookware. How young is then to young to think of what brain health? Navituyang. But a four-piece set is not too young. I think that's right on. And then what about this idea of reversal of cognitive decline or watching cognitive decline throughout life's challenges? Do you think that there is an influencer? I think we would like there to be. We are keen to study and find out if that can be done. We haven't shown that yet. I do think there is enough to say that lifestyle changes could certainly delay on set. It could certainly, if there is on set, I'm going to help the body, which can get a lot more things functioning better. I think what we're talking about here is I think diet and lifestyle may be good and prevent cognitive decline. Once that process is starting, I'm not sure, but I think we've icy no reason to say we can't slow it. I really don't. And what is actually cognitive decline versus at the brain level versus someone functioning in the real world? There actually are quite different. What do you mean by that? That's fascinating. Coordination. Not falling. Let's say you said to me, well, we have looked and we can actually trace that. Alzheimer's we are tracing, right, the biomarkers in the brain that accumulate like talents on. But cognitive decline, if we could map it physiologically and I can tell you that exercise doesn't change those. I would say, but it can do health. It can give you social support. It can give you structure. It can increase your function. It can give you coordination. It can prevent falls. It can prevent failty. Like frailty. Sorry. It's a little simplistic to say it has to operate almost at the disease level to say it's not going to help and enhance the lives of people that we're trying to help and improve. Maybe the cognitive, maybe you can't reverse the biology of cognitive decline. I think there's a good chance to count, but if you can't, I wouldn't give up on lifestyle yet. Yeah, of course not because then you are just doing nothing. You're letting life happen to you. And we know when health is not maintained or at least there's not attention to it, then we know where that goes. You look at groups. You do the research. You don't do clinical practice. I think it's important to mention that individuals that are interpreting the science, say someone who is a science communicator or an influencer or something like that might take a study and say, if you will. This is what this study showed and then this is how we can apply it. Do you want to just mention a little bit about how we can think about studies and then the interpretation of data and how that can direct or not direct or influence our choices? Sure. I think the biggest take home is if you're reading a science communication being a myth, never go off one study, ever ever ever ever ever. I can show you studies that say smoking does not cause lung cancer. Now, for all sorts of reasons, the one being that one of the reasons we study a lot of people and we have probability statistics is you can get the wrong finding by chance. So when you think about that, but I could show you that. I could show you, you know, studies that say parenting doesn't matter, which just common sense. We're not going to go there. Don't ever go off one study. That's where I think we go wrong. I'm not saying people have a time to do this. It's a body of evidence and there will be it leaning in one direction. But I can tell you that even some of the most strong findings we have, every so often a scientist is like, I'm going to see if I can repress. Maybe I didn't wrong. Yeah, like, and it's harder to get that one. We don't want lots of just repetitive stuff, but it is that strong. So don't go off one. I'm sure all listeners know, it does make sense looking at biases. You can be a very good scientist and have something to sell. Right? Absolutely. But that is, again, I wouldn't go off one facet from anyone article. It's just, you know, it's sunk. Just know that it's always more complicated. And when you said we like tough conversations, I wanted to say yes. It sucks for public health, but it's a conversation. It is. It's a conversation. You know, this idea of precision nutrition. The metabolism is conversation is very interesting. Can you share a little bit about the idea of diet and nutrition and the metabolomics in the body, just to explain to people what that is, what that breaks down to be. Yeah. So, you know, we eat our food. It goes into our stomach. It gets broken down. We're in our intestines. As it's broken down into small molecules, those are absorbed. And that's really the first time that the food is yeting into our bodies. Like a drug, right? That might affect our health. So like, I don't think the process of taking an aspirin for a headache is different than anything in Apple. So we know what we can picture an aspirin being broken down and getting into our bloodstream, same with our food. And so what I use metabolomics for is try to pick that up. What is just passed through. You won't see an apple in there. What will you see? And the most striking finding is that if associations between food x and health y are there, the association between the metabolite that comes from food x and outcome y are just unbelievably strong. And that is what I think is so fascinating. Do people have the same metabolomics? If I eat an apple and you eat an apple, do the metabolomics from what we know? Do they show up the same? So these are, in my mind, these are the bioactive compounds. And obviously, please correct me where I'm wrong. In my mind, these are the, this is the food matrix. Then we eat protein carbohydrates fats. We have vitamins and minerals, but there are compounds that these then become, whether it's in the gut microbiome or in the bloodstream, however, and that they are different for me and that they are for you, even if we're eating the same food. So there are some, I don't think there will ever be anything that's 100% universal. Right. I mean, we find people genuine allergy to water. Right. There's anomalies where we cannot count on human physiology. There are some that are probably old but damn it. You know, universal. We probably will see people having different amounts after the same food didn't take rate, which makes sense. That's right. That's right. That's right. And I do have some early evidence that there are some molecules that some people who report eating the same foods based on, in this case, whether they have diabetes or not, we just don't see an association between that molecule on that food. So I think there is early evidence that was a lot universal with some differing levels of association. There may be some unique associations there. So for example, in my mind, if I were to think about an example, I eat a pomegranate and through the process of digestion, it creates a postbiotic uralithinate. 30% of people can make that while the rest of us can't. Great. Would that be an example of something like a metabolite or a measurement? Absolutely. And those examples are more commonly than we think. There's a set of genes that metabolize linelac acid and people with a certain variance on a lot of these cluster of genes don't make certain, such as fernases. So we see that in, you know, that's such a much better example. I'm going to use that example I give is sometimes in my 20s and I've moved out of home. And I, before I realized I was a phrypto's intolerant, although this should have any sign. That's interesting. Are you sure? I mean, I had the chance. But what if you have a small test and I'll let you overgrowth? Well, it's possible. But I don't have any other symptoms. I don't have any bloating. I don't have any. I don't have any. Nope. Okay. My one is pretty rock star on that front. But you know, so I had eaten watermelon, delicious. And gone to the bathroom and it had come out whole. And I was like, I'm dying. This is I am dying. Oh, my mother. I'm telling you, I don't know what is it. She's like, oh, no, fruits always gone straight. Are you like, we never had a fruit. Right? Like, and she's like, oh, yeah, no. And was funny is, I mentioned it. You're slated to my then ex-fiance saying. He was like, oh, yeah, you could never eat strawberries. Like, what do you mean I could never eat strawberries? I was always eating them. And he was like, be yours. I'm comfortable and so on and put it together. But what I would say is pretty sure my buddy did not get any metabolite. I mean, it was just going straight through. That's a good example. I mean, that's a good example with this is an interpersonal variability. Would that mean that certain foods would be better for certain people? Do you think that? Yeah. I mean, that would be extraordinary if we could say, all right, here is your metabolomic profile, you need x, y and z. I mean, I don't know if we'll ever get there because of the breakdown of whatever you're looking at. I think it impact myocondrial. I probably most likely will look like a clinical profile and say, because of this, you need these foods and it was metabolites that told us that. Because this group do not get this metabolite, this group do, this get more or less. That kind of thing. But that is one of the passion projects that like, unbelievably, it sounds to me so again obvious. When you ask the question, can you just explain, what is the thing between diet and metabolites? And I'm telling you, I'm my grants, I get that over time and it just sort of foxes me and I'm like, it might be an English expression, confused me. Because it's very obvious to me and it seems very obvious that there is right there precision health. It doesn't seem obvious to me that following that for precision health will lead to clinical level changes in health outcomes. I think it could very likely, but we haven't shown that, right? But the idea that, actually, between people and sometimes with inner person, like, at different points in their life, maybe even different points of the day, maybe what else they've eaten, what is arising in their body after they're intake. One of the most overlooked aspects of health is addressing mitochondrial health. And that's really where all the energy starts and that's frankly, I believe we're aging starts and mitochondria in skeletal muscle is, I think, really a focal point. And this is why I love and have been using mitochondria forever. They also just release their gummies which are amazing. You might see me just throwing them in my mouth. But here's why. mitochondrial health is actually a post-biotic. It's a post-biotic. You're a little bit in a, and it works by promoting essential cellular cleanup. It clears out old dysfunctional mitochondria, which is really everywhere. mitochondria is everywhere in the body and it is critical to maintain the way that you feel just in general. And from my perspective, although I focus on muscle health, mitochondrial health and youralithin A affects the body in all aspects from brain to joint health, from immune health, we're going to start to see more. One of the tremendous things about timeline, this company, which I really, really believe in, is that they focus on the evidence first. There's a lot of different choices for supplements out there, but I will say that timeline does it differently than anybody else. And timeline is offering 10% off your order of mitochondria. Go to timeline.com slash lion. If you want to have more energy, more endurance, better brain function, better immunity, and better mitochondria. I'm just amazed, that's not like obvious. Yeah, I think it's just a really great perspective. You'd imagine something that I think is fascinating. Are there certain groups that don't show various metabolites? Not that I know of. For example, if you have obesity, then you can see that there are a lot of things that are not going to be in the metabolites. Not that I know of. For example, if you have obesity, then you might be, again, I don't want to see deficient because we don't even know what the recommend. We don't know what a baseline need for a metabolite is. Right. Right. No, we don't even know how they transient, how much they stick around. They may not be a good, you don't have this metabolite, and it may be like the metabolite we indicate you're not getting what you need on that pathway, right? That starts with genetics and your lifestyle, and then you put the food in, and you come out at a health outcome, they're like the mediating picture. They're like the brain MRI between the BMI and the cognitive performance in your study. Do you think there could become clinical targets because the mild study, do you want to share a little bit about the mild study? Sure. We had about 300 US participants. We excluded people with type 2 diabetes because we were looking at progression to diabetes in the study, and they also had to do an oral glucose tolerance test three times worse. The worst. I'm telling anyone when he's had a kid like you're putting this in your study and they're like, no, don't do it. So part of that study, which was really to look at how the microbiome influences can be a good version of the brain. Oh, mate, prevent conversion of diabetes. We did collect a lot of information on what they ate. We gave them a pretty validated food frequency question at their horrible. I know. Yes. They did. The Dave Clarefeld was just on here talking about how terrible they were. My director will just sometimes randomly run to me about them. And then you know what, you want to give me enough money to do 24 hours of recalant objective measures of a set. Bring it on, I'd love it. I also, slightly here. He was once like trying to educate me very passionate. And I was like, Danny, I don't disagree. Right. But there are some things we know. I think we know whole grains, you need protein. And they're all substantiated by a very vast number of studies that use, like nutrition epidemiology for all its sins. Like a study shouldn't be taken in isolation. An athlete should not be taken in isolation. We've got pretty far. We know some stuff. And he looked at me and he went, you know, like he. They're awesome remarkably concordant and effective findings. I'm just nervous of how we get there. That is fair. That is fair. So we gave them a food frequency questionnaire, assessed their metabolites. More related, the patent of metabolites with their dietary patterns. Spoiler alert, all the healthy dietary patterns were good. None was better than the other. And then we looked at, did those metabolites influence ability to control your blood sugar on the oral glucose tolerance test? But did you guys control for everything diet before we were going to assess their habitual diet? And then they came in and we had a fasted, yeah, a tabloom, a panel. And we got their glucose at the fasting and we get off to a 2,000-sauans. And we found that, yeah, all good diet. You eat a, a, a, a, a, a, a metatries, the higher you are adhering to the recommended Mediterranean style diet, the USDA guidelines plug for my plug for my set of employers there. I was also the dash diet. The diet you approach is to hypertension. The metabolites associated with adherence are strongly associated with metatry glucose control, suggesting they may reduce diabetes risk. Do you think that, um, do we know if processed foods have, um, I love, I love the protein. I'm so hot. I love the face of which means I'm asking a good question. Can you share a little bit about your thoughts on processed foods and maybe how that is impacting? Well, why don't you start with your thoughts on processed foods just because you made that face. So that means that, yeah, this is a, this is a good question. This is terrible. Um, my thoughts on processed foods are that they are typically affordable, available and palatable. And we have to stop from that point. We have an entire nation to feed. If they are unhealthy, that doesn't mean we shouldn't find that. We need to know, but we have to count it in those terms about elimination. I think it depends on how you define processed foods. And I don't mean that, you know, I review a lot of studies. People have come up with definitions. It's this million we've got certain stages. But the concept of a processed food is so diverse. Right? If I make spaghetti bolognese by hand, or maybe I pick something like lentil bolognese, I would never think lentils. I don't like them. You know, is it processed? Right? I've all done it. I mix things. I've added things. May I reluctantly admit there is emerging consistency to evidence that processed foods may not be the best for health. Or is it the amount? The amount? Oh, it's like everything is the amount. Right. There's a side of bacteria. And so on, there's nothing you eat that's going to kill you tomorrow. Right. I'm going to give you diabetes tomorrow. Which I think is the problem, right? Right. I think about it. There's so much flexibility in what we're eating and how our lifestyles are. For example, sarcopenia doesn't happen in a day. Right. None of it does. Right. And you've got to maintain it, which was my interest in self-regulation. If your goal directed behavior is 50 years in the future, how do you go towards that? Um, and weight loss and weight maintenance, very different things, right? Because of that. And you, that's what Jim Hellisauce. Yes. He was amazing. Right. Are you going for a goal or not and once your feedback and wants the psychology around that? I did find very interesting. You described this metabolite summary score as a more biological meaningful tool. Do you feel kind of, I mean, that was just so interesting. So basically, the work in metabolites that you're doing, it's really fascinating. And I, again, I think it's kind of the way the future, because now we're looking beyond just proteins, carbohydrates and fats, but we're looking at, okay. So you eat this car, but then the breakdown is what actually, and what is the gut microbiome doing within a house of adapting? Yeah. That is novel. I don't know if novel. It's just very thoughtful. So what is this, as, as? Um, actually, it's just basically, if I took those bioactive compounds associated with a certain dietary intake and I summed them up, you've got a score. Because looking at, you know, we found hundreds of metabolites associated with a dietary pattern, which one would expect from a very complex diet you learn, right? Looking at them individually, this does not give us a clear direction to follow. Yeah, that's actually, that's a really good point. And maybe do you think it's a reductionist way of saying, okay, so eat this apple because the apple is going to be good. But is it the inner play between, I don't know, fruits, vegetables, fibers, proteins? I think so. I think the metabolomic profile you get for many of you depends what you eat it with. I mean, I did look for really strong evidence of that in fun, but we do know, you can change the glycemic load of a meal, right, by changing what you eat with certain foods. You can add some fat to your sugar. It will be digested slowly and you'll have a different insulin response. That's just the same, really, different biological systems as the metabolites. So I think they do interact. And I think that's a really complicated piece of looking at nutrition is we need to know what individual foods might have the potential to do or not do, but it depends on how they're eaten. And maybe how they're prepared, which brings in the processed issue. What are you most excited about that you're working on right now? I would be, well, I'm very excited about the ability to maybe characterize the metatolome of people with pre-diabetes. It's not just a very good thing to be right in some deep analyses. And we have maybe been way more successful than I ever hoped at being able to discriminate between without knowing what their status is, discriminate between them. Maybe taking that forward, I'm just really fascinated by what changes the effects of food on your body. So maybe theta night does, right? In that sense, I'm like, didn't we all go out drinking alcohol when we were 19? Go to bed at 2am. Wake up at 7, I'm hit those glasses. Now that is not happening. Something physiological has drive that behavior response to that healing response to alcohol. So we can change within ourselves too. And I think even just, I'm probably less at the implementation end of the going, okay, now I'm going to figure out morning and night. I'm more of the, like, can I demonstrate that convincingly that we need to be thinking about groups of people who are fundamentally and the same person responding differently, perhaps across their lifestyle, perhaps, on whether they develop diabetes or not, perhaps time of day is acudient. Can I demonstrate that we're bustling and repeatedly in a compelling way that other scientists could really take that forward for public health? Which is really meaningful work. You know, you think about these early life behaviors, do you think that there is a relationship between early life behaviors that track with aging? It's a really good question. You know, had a heads up, this might come up and I thought about it. And we do see the tracking of some behaviors right across the lifespan. I just don't, I don't believe anything is immutable. And you know, on the two AM, drinking my help conversations, it always comes out like, just so optimistic. Right? Like, everyone can be, everyone has worth and value, read sort of the same thing, right? Not that what we eat and whether we actually just think to or whether about a tool. But, I do, every moment you put your body in a healthy physiological state is better than every moment. It's receiving a health, it has a chance to use the word insult. Right? We will always have, we ate the cake, whatever we want to drank the mug or eat it. And I think never did that. I don't believe you anymore. I think we have a sense that it's that repeatedly, rate over time and the views are going to state. And so, of course, childhood is part of that. Children are, you know, I worked in infant cognition for a while as well because I wanted to demonstrate how complex infants are with their, how much they could do and see and understand. I believe it's fundamentally important to treat an infant like with the respect you would treat an adult. Right? So, unless you're saving their life, I was not a big fan of just moving kids who are in the way. But you never did that, you were not, I mean, I mean, you pushed me out the way we're going to have words, right? Do not cross her. That's right. And so, in a framework of like, this time is really important. You may also, it's a great time to set up some behaviors and some trajectories. And the nice thing about childhood is that care give up, whatever that is is you've got a wonderful enriched opportunity in which they're all eyes and all ears to share something. Right? You think it's helpful and beneficial. I don't think we know fully how far that carries, but it's almost unethical. Not to do that, right? Right? And then, I believe that what the things I care about in parenting my children, keep some healthy now, we'll set them up for success and impact their health trajectory. Can I show you a convincing study on that? No, not yet. No, yeah, not yet. Do you think that you looked at the increase in screen time? Have you been looking at that? And yeah, some kind of influence on brain development. So we have someone at the sort of decision research center who's a developed more objective measures. Screen time and they've decided about it, I said, then they wanted to write some studies around that. And I lead with two other wonderful colleagues, a study that looks at, it looks at ostensibly the amount of screen time, self-regulation and BMI, and does screen time decrease self-regulation. And it would be a minus that one of the pathways by which screen time may be associated with increased obesity risk. My personal interest is can we alter that? Which is more, that it's not? There is definitely an association between screen time and lower self-regulation and high BMI. Is it causal? We don't know. That association is there. Can we alter it? And so I'm very interested today, I think about, for my developmental psychology, parenting rate. And the model we give parents for the ideal general parenting, set boundaries, model good behavior, maintain those boundaries flexibly responding to the needs of the child. And in a club, it's not going to be respectful. So don't coerce them. Collier Mindshower, he's took that framework and applied it to food parenting. And said, today, that just about seems to be our best population advice. Set up a healthy food environment. Model good food babysitter, set boundaries for your children, and help them stay within those boundaries in a flexible and responsive way. I as a parent realize I did exactly the opposite of the screens. Right? I think we all understand food should not be used as a reward. Or a punishment rate. How often do we say, well, if I probably said yes today, if you read for an hour, you can have 20 minutes screen time. And I'm like, maybe the parenting around the screen time is part of the problem. And I think about when we look about parenting around emotions and emotions self-regulation, you want to give your child a safe space to express those emotions. And your role as a parent is to help shape what they do with them. How do they down regulate and unpleasant emotion without hitting something? Or the tantrum that we see, L, you're very developing a program. So what did I use to say to my kids? I won. So when it's 12-18, when eight-year-old was coming to three and was allowed an iPad, my goodness. Like I remember the name of the name. She went to cry when her time was up. And I was like, Sam, what happens if you cry over electronics and he parative? If you cry over electronics, you don't get them for a week. And he was quite happy with it, but I was like, man, that is horrible parenting. Like you're like blunting their emotional response and not allowing them to deal with it. And it got me thinking like, but maybe he was dealing with it. Well, I don't know. I mean, you know, it was like don't cry in front of me. I say, go away. Who knows if they're dealing with it, hopefully. Or if they're, you know, it's not about talking about it and saying, how do you down regulate this healthy? I was like, I don't want to hear it. And I also then, you know, when we talk about fostering good self-regulation in the home, and good cognitive development, it's a lot of like asking kids about their day, doing things with them, helping them problem solve in a way that it's not that is autonomy promoting. I know that kind of thing like, hmm, that's a lovely break house you built. Do you think it would look nice with a chimney? What else could you add to it? Let's stuff, right? Because you did earn your peachy and part-in psychiatry. Right, development psychology, yes. Yeah. I mean, that is a lot of stuff. I have two very... Fast- different lines that I'm trying to bring together, with chalky, trisha, metabolomics, and combative development. Right, bring that in. Do you think there is a unifying statement that, and again, I understand, as a scientist, you probably don't like unifying statements in terms of, I mean, because good scientists always say, well, potentially we might see this, but we're just so fun at party. Right. I actually have a feeling you're very popular parties, but had nothing to do with the Margarita or the burpees before. But what do you feel comfortable? Maybe it isn't proven yet, but are there a few things that you truly believe are related to, say, the positive development of our children? Sure. I do. I believe modeling could behave, which can be really hard, definitely. Even sometimes, over-model-an, talking about it, so when I'm very upset, I'll say, I am upset. I don't know how to do this emotion. I wouldn't say to an adult, right? So the kids can see that, right? Modeling, good modeling. I think, again, setting boundaries. How would you define setting boundaries? Oh, I mean, it could be bedtime as this time. Right. It could be, we don't speak to people like that. It could be, you always say, please. You know, you always say, thank you. When you have someone who hasn't used you, so still, in my preteen, I will hand something, and if you don't say, thank you, just hold onto it. You know, and you love, say, thanks, Mom. So setting those, they're cool boundaries, but I guess you could call them goals, you could call them behaviors, and consistently modeling them, and adhering to them, but being responsive and flexible. You know, the child has changing needs. Maybe those behaviors are boundaries need to change. Maybe the extent you hold them to that standard needs to change. I think that is really key, and I also think, treating children like adults and talking to them and explaining, they can understand, they can understand. And if they don't, they'll get there. They'll get there. They'll take. I mean, the human, are you studying child cognition and cognitive development? I am blown away by the complexity, and I want to say the word adaptivity, how adaptive it is. So it will take what they need, and I'll say it in, and just, get rid of the rest. I mean, we're all struggling with information overload. We struggle going back to tick talk as a nutrition, because what, why don't I want to believe, which is a reasonable concern. To an, a side of that, or face with this information, I've allowed it in there. So good at what I'm going to take this thing. This is what I need right now. I'm going to build on it as phenomenal. I think, you know, the future is obviously this younger generation. And if we can get it right for them, yeah, in terms of nutrition, behaviors, modeling, and I definitely believe that all of that starts, I'm not a professional child reerer, but I do have to. The things that you're saying make a lot of sense, and if I were to take away from all of the things that you talked about, it is good modeling. An appropriate diet could be different for everybody, whether you can afford luxury foods or not, but really thinking about, yeah, how do we pattern a matter-terranean style diet, which makes tons of sense, and that there's this level of inter-individual variability from a tabloid McSdam point, and don't get your information off to talk. But you don't want to think what I find kids really respond well too, because I often I go into schools, you know, and the things is telling them at the food level, they set up what your values are and why. Why you believe in a healthy diet? And almost letting them make their own, I mean, you can't just let them make their interest in the diet. We do that, actually. Right. We do that. And I took to my kids a lot about why I ate a healthy diet, and what it can do. And it's more I set the values up here. Now, my pun is very different. He's very focused on the behavior, and we've had a good coming together, like, hey, there's a middle, they are a little. Let's not let them make too many health mistakes. He did when my daughter was three, and I was like, sir, the healthy meal. We don't serve anything else. But it is their choice if he did, because I wouldn't force an adult to eat, and then there's healthy food else. Why? And he said, Becky, your three-year-old has had candy for dinner for three nights straight, and I was like, you know, maybe that's a little bit. We did it like that. That was a little bit much of a little more. A little bit more. But yes, I would say, absolutely all of that. And watch this space, because I think I would like to think we're on the brink of being able to at least quantify and demonstrate the importance and the power precision nutrition that would be extraordinary. I would be amazing to be able to say, I mean, I would do it at a population level, but there was no reason if we did it well, and you had the time, you could go have to do it. Feed you stuff, they'll look at it, you know, in your own clinic, and figure it out on that level, which is just huge. Yeah, super exciting. Well, Dr. Alexis Wood, I'm sorry, Becky. Becky Wood, you are a joy, unusual for a scientist, very robust. Robust and extremely well-educated in your doing tremendous work. I am so grateful that you were willing to spend the time with me. Thank you so much. Well, thank you so much. That's really kind of. Thank you. If this episode challenged what you thought you knew about food and health, share it with someone who deserves better. Then fear, base nutrition and confusion. If you are hungry, four more truth, tap that subscribe button.