What would you say to someone who is afraid of dying? Not much. A son of my mom. Her eyes were so afraid. So I decided when I saw her eyes in the end of her life that I was not going to be afraid of that. My guest is Elena Brower, bestselling author, poet, meditation teacher, hospice volunteer and now a candidate for Buddhist chaplaincy. The letting go is the whole practice. Letting go of the body, letting go of the mind, letting go of the attachments to the people that you love. It's so hard. I see how hard it is. Her new book, Hold Nothing, is a guide to living fully as a practice with clarity and respect. Very few people would actively go to seek out helping someone die wow. And so many people are dying alone. I am speechless that you are here. In my life, I have learned so much from you and to have you on the show to share your experience with the world. In a world where we are spending billions of dollars trying to live longer and escape death, which it's something nobody gets out of. We spend very little time and very little energy thinking about the end. I've only just become more comfortable with it since my mom died. That was about eight years ago now. None of us actually really consider what it means to die well. We're very few of us anyway. And I've discovered that this is one of the things that I can do in this world. Yeah, is to help people live well. And so that they can die well. In full transparency, there are a handful of people that I really go to in my life. And you and James, you're on that very short list. I sent you a text and you responded with this. And this is the five remembrances. I am of the nature to grow old. There is no way to escape growing old. I am of the nature to have ill health. There is no way to escape having ill health. I'm of the nature to die. There is no way to escape death. All that is dear to me. And everyone I love are of the nature to change. There is no way to escape being separated from them. And finally, my actions are my only true belongings. My actions are the ground upon which I stand. And there is no way to escape the consequences of my actions. How can we think about and live well with such intense impermanence? I think the way that we live well is by keeping all of this in mind. It's not to kind of, yeah, that's coming later. Some other time. I just experienced learning news of a kid who was 15 who died in a very sudden accident, very unexpectedly. And that could happen any day. And I have been, I don't know for the last five, ten years, even more. I think about what it would be like if today were the day that somebody came knocking or calling and saying, your son or your partner, you know, has died. And of course, we may look at that and think, well, how morbid, how ridiculous. When actually, it's one of those things that keeps me living very intentionally and carefully my life without a lot of ranker, without a lot of dread. I'm ready. And I'm going to enjoy this day. I'm going to enjoy this moment. Looking at you, I can't even believe the road that we've traveled years, many, many years, many years, probably many, many lifetimes. Many lifetimes, many moments, together, keeping these five remembrances, which by the way, of thousands of years old from the Angotara, Suta and Suta, Suta, um, Tick-Nod Han did that translation. And I learned it from people like Roche Joan Halifax, Frank Oster Sueski, that people who take the time to share what it means to really serve what it means to sit at the bedside of people who are dying, what it means to serve people who are in penitentiary, who have, you know, very few resources for healing. And I keep those remembrances close because it helps me live my life to the fullest and do my service in all of those realms to the fullest. When I was in Gerry Atrix, and again, you and I do, we speak a lot about death, and I struggle with the idea of it, especially with two little children, um, four and five, and when I went through Gerry Atrix training, there was a, it was full of death. Yeah, there were two kinds of physicians, I would say. There was, on one hand, the physician that they were, this is what they were doing. They were hospice, doctors, they were seemingly unafaced, perhaps they were accepting. And then I think that there were doctors like me that were afraid and felt very vulnerable to that, seeing it. Lockword, it didn't feel inspiring, it felt, I couldn't wrap my head around it, terrifying. Yeah, terrifying. Yeah, that's how it was for me. At first, I don't know why. I was called to this hospice volunteer training, and I took it. It was a full weekend. You know, I don't know, 16 and 17 hours. And I then started volunteering in hospice. This was several years ago, and I walked in the first few times, and I was so afraid. I was so, I just, it was so awkward. I didn't know what to do, and I just went in and did whatever I was asked to do. And this is a local hospice, and the town where I live and five beds, it's not profit. So we're doing everything. You know, I learned a bunch of rules. You could never hand a patient, medication, I learned all these rules. I follow them myself. But in this kind of a place, it's like anything goes. Everyone is there to die. When I see somebody being wheeled in, I know this is, this is the last stop for them. And it's beautiful. And I have to practice not knowing how this is going to go. I have to practice not trying to make things perfect for this patient or this family. And I have to just remember, life and death are very close to each other. What can I do today to make things easier? It may be it's dishes, maybe it's changing a patient's, you know, basically diaper. Maybe it's helping to serve them a beautiful lunch on a beautiful tray with a little flower. Maybe it's just cleaning the room. Is there an active death process? That it just feels and sounds intense. And I can speak for myself. And I can speak for you. It's listening or watching. Very few people would actively go to seek out helping someone die well. And so many people are dying alone. What are the risks of not being aware of our own fragility? Now, I don't see it that much in the hospice because these people know that they're coming to die and they're ready there in a state of relative acceptance. Some of them are even choosing medical assistance in death, which is legal in the state where we are. But when you keep life and death very close, you know that you have this very sort of sacred secret teacher, death. I'm going to keep you really awake and aware. So what's happening? When you try and sort of keep it at a distance, there is a level of fear that pervades everything. And it's so frustrating for folks because they can't let go in the whole practice. As far as I can see in my very humble and very limited experience of three years, it's not long, but I'm committed to this for the rest of my life. Those folks really struggle and it's hard to watch. And it's the letting go is the whole practice letting go of the body letting go of the line. Letting go of the attachment to the people that you love. It's so hard. I see how hard it is. Some of my mom, our eyes were so afraid. Yeah, so I decided when I saw her eyes in the end of her life that I was not going to be afraid of that. My question was going to be, why not just wait? Why not wait and towards the end? Be afraid and be afraid for a moment and avoid it. And what I'm hearing you say, it's probably where the title of your new book comes from, hold nothing, likely a different way to do it. And this is an invitation to let go and come home to yourself. I'm committed to this. I'm committed to offering what I know as I learn it about this. It's very, very brief to day by day, imagine what it would feel like if this were your last day. This was my last day. I think we did okay. The kids fell, sleep on me last night. We had the best time with Jane. I mean, okay. Every single day now, because of the presence of this death is like in the marrow of everything that we do, we know this. Because of it, I am really conscious about how I'm approaching everything. If you're listening or watching and you're thinking about this and how uncomfortable it is, what if you were to picture that today is your last day or God forbid, you just got a really harrowing diagnosis. Who are you choosing to put by your side now? You're better be cultivating that friendship or those friendships. Keep those connections alive. I was talking to Sierra Campbell, my friend who founded nurture. This is her job. She helps folks die. It's her full-time job. And she said, make sure that you talk about connections, the people who you keep close now in this life, and who you would choose if you were going to die soon. Who, whom, would you choose to be there? You know, you're one of my people for sure. But that's what that's our task. Think about that, cultivate those friendships. Keep those connections alive. It's wise and uncomfortable. Yeah. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new we've created. It's called Forever Strong Insider. And it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel lion show. As a forever strong insider every week, you'll get ad free episodes written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show. A community Q&A segment where you can submit your own questions for upcoming guests. We're going to call this the Strong Seed. And behind the scenes content, a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel, and navigate daily life. Go to foreverstrong.supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. We live in a very fast-paced world. And again, we've known each other for years and I watched you do and continue to do extraordinary things. In addition to that, you push less. I mean, you are a world renowned meditation teacher. Very early on in our friendship. You were traveling. You were going to all these different places and speaking all over the world. Now, you could certainly do all those things. Only every now and again. But now it's different. No, I really love how I really love the volunteer hours that feeds me. It is very different. And there was a term that I came across a couple of years ago on being an island of coherence. It's a scientific term, actually. But I fully took it into my soul. I was like, wow, what does that actually mean? And I decided that's what I wanted to become. As long as I'm on that island, say with Jimmy, Shane, you know, do you? And another one of my best friends who's sitting over here, helped design this beautiful podcast studio. This book, Hold Nothing, has proved downly, touched me. I I already ordered five copies and I will be ordering more. Many things here that are tremendous. But one of which I noticed is letting go of your personality. How and why should we even consider that? There are a few things that I'm thinking about. The first is sort of the more surface and then there's a cool, Taoist teaching that I think is worth mentioning. The surface is I spent most of my adult life building up this persona personality. I'm a teacher. I travel the world and do this thing. I teach yoga, meditation, and I'm a business person. I have this wonderful business that supports my family and many, many hundreds of other families. And this letting go of the personality has everything to do with getting back to the essence of who we actually are. And if we don't have an answer to that question, who actually are you, then it might be time to sit still and actually practice being an island of coherence. I found then meditation five years ago, 2020, and was immediately touched by the level of discomfort and awkwardness that I felt sitting still, stock still and not moving. And what I've come to understand is not moving is actually the way because when we move, we're moving away from what it is that we're trying to avoid. When I sit still, I can really face it. Ah, this is what my mind is doing. These are the thoughts that continue to secret from my mind very naturally. This is how I habitually follow said thoughts and the practice is actually to not follow the thought. To see the thought being omitted, emitted rather from my mind and to not follow it to just let it drop. That's the respectful thing to do for my brain and for my body. And for for this island of coherence that I want to become. So I let those thoughts go, then that intern becomes letting the personality go, and that intern yields somebody who is a force for calm who can walk into a situation like somebody in active dying process. One of my dear bosses at the hospice Whitney, I love you. She came in the other day and she said, this person is about to begin the active process. I can hear it feel. Let's see it. All of us could, of course. And would you mind making the room a little more sacred? She said, I was like, hmm, my language, my love language, and I began cleaning. I started with really deep clean of all the surfaces and then I started lighting up little plants all over the place. I put new flowers up, I washed all the vases. Like that I can do. And that we don't realize that but imagine if you were dying. So the end of your life you're in a hospice was maybe one person you know, but maybe not nobody that you know. And some little fairy comes around and starts making the flowers fresh and cleaning the space so that your transition is a clear one. How about it? Don't you love that idea? I think death really scares me. Yeah. And I'll take a ferry at the end. I'll be there. God willing. Well, how about we just, right here, I'm going to try to negotiate death. Do it together. How about we just all do it together? I think of a bea just join join a cult. I'm going to go to Costa Rica. We're going to hang out. We'll wait for this tsunami. It will be, no, yes, we were definitely prepared. But I had to use humor and bring you in because it is that uncomfortable. I'm just noticing my own way of trying to avoid this relationship with growing old and dying and losing everything that I hold dear. We are in culture, sister. We're in culture to shy away from it and turn away. Our culture does not include like most indigenous cultures include ritual and respect for the dying process is a very natural part of life. Why do we turn away from it? And this is when we look at the way in which we're made. So comfortable, all the convenience is of this life, the fast food, all the chemicals that are put in everything. Everything, all in the interest of efficiency, we're losing contact with these rituals and ways of being and seeing that include death. How important is it to become comfortable with this process? You know, I think there's to go back to that Taoist teaching I mentioned earlier. There are two polarities absence and presence, right? And the Tao absence is the fundament. The most generative force, it's the thing from which everything arises. What if we were to start as parents from the very very beginning realizing that we put these people on the earth to take over for us, to do a better job than we do? What would be the result? That we are now looking at your babies, who might love so much both of them as the next step? Why would we avoid that? We are in permanent. Practices for Matt, my producer, listening, who is in his early thirties with a very young family. Although he's been a soldier for him, the relationship to life and death may be different. Same with Shane, my husband, who also served, he will say that he's not afraid of death. Right. And that every warrior knows what they are called to do. And he also has said that once he let go of that fear, things didn't necessarily matter. He wasn't shackled by his own thoughts. That makes sense to me. Is it important for someone like me to become comfortable with this? And to be clear, I wanted you to come on to this podcast. Number one, very few people have taught me more. In this world, just by watching you. And number two, we spend hours. Myself, you at home, learning about life and health. And no percentage of that time is allocated to when it ends. staggering actually when you think about it. And we know a lot about what it means to you know, live well, healthily, vibrantly, radially. And I don't think that that's a bad thing. But I do think that we need to, I do think to answer a question that it is important. You know, Matt and Shane, they have had the experience of serving to wake them up to the reality of death in Japanese. There's actually a term, show G, life death. So close. There isn't a separation. It's one word. Show G. I hope I'm saying it properly. But it's taught me a lot, because it just keeps the two of them. They're right there next to each other. There's no distance between them. When I sit for meditation, that is exactly what I'm thinking. Each time I see a thought coming up, let it die. For you personally is this to augment bravery. I do think my quick answer is yes, but maybe it just is bravery to keep these two things very close. Life death, birth death. That is bravery. I was so nervous. Just coming here. You and I are best friends. And I was nervous coming here because is this even relevant? And now I'm sitting here talking to you and I'm like, you know what, if two people watch this, it means something good. We did it. Keeping death close. It drives my happiness. Happiness generating. In is part of that because it allows you to save each moment deeply present. Yes. It's all about presence. I think that's the one thing. I learned the most from one of my teachers is Roche Joan Halifax, the founder of your prize sense center. Presence is the main teaching that I've derived from being in her field for these last five years. Presence is what is all we can give. When you say my actions are my only true belongings, that's what I can give. I've walked into the hospice and tried to solve things and fix things and help kind of those things of real. They all assume brokenness and wrongness. But serving, presencing people as my service that I can do. And that makes all the difference. I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors of the show and that is Puri. This podcast has allowed me to speak to extraordinary experts and they have one unifying message. There are only a few core compounds that we need in the diet. And one of those is Omega 3 fatty acids. Puri's O3 Ultra Pure Fish Oil, which is third party tested and certified by both the Clean Label Project and IFOS. So you know what you're putting in your body. It is safe, pure effective. It is tested for 200 contaminants and Puri publishes all their results online. I've teamed up with Puri to get you an amazing offer. 20% off site wide. Even on already discounted subscriptions, which means you can save nearly a third off. All you have to do is go to PuriPURI.com slash Dr. Lion and use the code Dr. Lion at checkout. Do you do that with rituals? And should we have rituals? You'd mentioned other cultures have a lot of rituals. A coming of age. We don't seem to have that here. No, we are task at this particular point in time given where we are in terms of the health of our country and these two polarities. We have this really sort of sick culture. I mean ill culture. And then we have this crew. We're all after like cold plunges and all the biohacking. We can possibly imagine all the great products that have been put out there. And somewhere in between those two is a person who's willing to be present for the truth of their own death, truth of everyone else's death, and actually serve in small ways toward that truth. And that's where I come in. I think I can do that. I think I can continue to volunteer and continue to share the joy of volunteering because it's so lovely. You know, you can continue doing your work. I'm not saying everyone has to do this. It's hard. But I am saying it's really nice to go and serve someone who's dying or someone who's incarcerated. Oh my god, it's the opposite of what we want to be doing with our free hour or two hours of the week, four hours of the week. However, when I enter into those settings, time disappears, time stops. I'm there. Not just for them. I'm there for myself. I'm there to feel what it means to actually be of service. I'm there to present folks who are so not served well in these times. And for me, that it propels me. It keeps me going. It makes me better right or better friend, better daughter, better mom, better partner. And we don't think about it. But I'm here to, I'm here to vote for that. I'm here to sort of advocate for volunteer. Take care of your mind. Sit still, really listen to people that you love cultivate the relationships and the conversations that are difficult. Cultivate the friendships that you want near you when you die. They care. Not things we talk about every day. Not at all. You and I, you were chatting and you said you're having these conversations a lot more. Yes. There seems to be a cadence to the conversation where people go, okay, you know what? I got it, dyes of a deal, something like that, right? That people will hear and listen up into a point and then especially the young and healthy ones are, okay, I'm ready. Is that happening? Do you feel? Yeah, for sure. They're, you know, it's hard. It's hard. I don't try and force it on anybody. If I masked the way you're asking, I will talk about it. My kid doesn't want to hear it at this moment in time. I mean, he's 18, he's 18, almost 19 and I totally understand. You got all forced it on him. If I'm leaving to go there, I'll say, hey, I'm heading over to the hospice now. And there was a time where he'd be like, why are you doing that? What'd you tell him? I said, actually, it brings me a lot of joy and it helps me appreciate the fact that you're here in my life. I love you. I'll appreciate James. I'll appreciate all the people who might get to work. My friends. And then there's nothing else you can say because obviously that is what's true. Is there an age that we should begin to talk about death? I remember I called you because Erie said, do you know, Mom, what happens when we die? Are we going to have it? Or angels get to talk to us? And I honestly didn't know what to say. I didn't know how much of death's even talk about. What did you end up saying? I think I just called you. And then I said, oh, what should I say? And you sent me a voice memo and I plated for her. Well, that's awesome. I probably said something to the effect of no kid is too young to understand that life starts in my friends, something like that. And I don't doubt that there are some forces or greetings that we receive based on the information that I have watching people in hospice almost every time. I'm going to lift my hand for a second. Right before death, an arm goes up, if they have mobility and arm goes up like this, almost every time. There are so many stories of this in the field of hospice, care, palliative care. I can't help but think there's some hand, some energy reaching down and they're reaching out toward it. I can't help but think that. So you could say to a child, you know, I don't really know, but it has to be something that you feel and you believe. And if that's what you want to think about, that the angels are coming for you or there's somebody who's passed on already that might be coming to welcome you. Cool. Great. Let's keep talking about it. But I think as a parent, if you're listening and you don't know what to say and your child is asking, you can say, I don't really know, but here's what I think or here's what I saw when this person died. Just be honest, you know, we don't, we don't have answers. Do you think if individuals have a lot of trauma and grief in their life that they meet death differently, I don't know. I wonder about that. I certainly saw my mom's eyes, like I mentioned, prior. I actually stood up over her bed and I flipped open her eyelids for a moment before she passed. I just wanted to see her eyes one more time. It was pretty as brown eyes. And she was just afraid like I said, they just look so scared and I just wanted to do something about it. We kept why is she not a piece with letting go of this body? And I just whispered into her ear, we're all going to be fine. We are all taken care of your grandboys, your girls, we're good. Everybody's going to be okay. Come closer to it. Let go. Don't be afraid. And she died shortly thereafter, who's to say that my words helped. I don't know. I hope they did. Do you feel that you know less? Not more. I see you seen this. Yes. Yes. That's the craziest part. I sit still for so many hours of the week, honestly, at least seven hours of the week. I'm sitting very still. And I don't know more. It's not about getting more information or knowing more. It's just about being more comfortable with all of these very uncomfortable concepts. Even think about how you and I know each other. How did we get here? We were both willing to be very uncomfortable. Get past it because we could see that there was somebody across the way who was actually going to be with us for life. How did we figure that out? We were both listening very well. I'm convinced of that. And that's what's sitting sitting still gives me. It doesn't give me information or knowledge. It gives me good listening patience and the care that I can be present with somebody when I don't feel comfortable. And that's through Zazen. Yes. That's the word for Zen meditation. Zazen. Zazen. Zen meditation. How is Zen meditation different than transcendental meditation or other various modalities of stillness? So TM Vedic meditation, lots of other kinds of meditation they require. The use of mantra or mudra, which is like a hand placement. All of that is wonderful and all of it has been a part of my formation. All of it. There's no better or worse here. There's no hierarchy. The reason why I personally love Zazen is because there's nothing there. They're just sitting. The word for it is actually just sitting. She can't Zazen Japanese. And just sitting means literally just coming closer and closer to the way in which my mind works and seeing how absolutely funny and terrified it's been and how easy it is to just let go of what drops. Let go of what drops. Everything is so a femoral. My mind is dropping another thought. I'm going to drop it to. I'm mind is dropping another thought. I'm going to drop that one to until there's nothing there. And then I get up from that seat. 40 minutes, 30 minutes and hour, whatever it is. I am a slower, calmer being. I am an island of coherence to the people around me. You can't shake me for hours after that. A munchakeable. You know, and you've taught me how to be physically strong. You know, how to really prioritize muscle. I have muscle now that is just the best thing ever. Physiologically, structurally, everything. I feel so good. This is this is that for my mind. I would argue also that she've always been very strong and that you have sought to put yourself into deeply uncomfortable places to have this unshakeable presence. You write in whole nothing that's as unmeditation allows the body to disappear into the practice. We live in a world that is faster past than it was 10 years ago. It's only accelerating. How would we even begin to embody this kind of stillness so that one could metabolize trauma or grief? I think the first thing I want to say is in addition, a sort of an adjunct to that question. We also live in a world where visibility is very important. It's everything. Here we are. Lights are on, books are out. My book is not out, but your book is out. Where is your book? My book is coming out. We have a few months left. Be sitting and the dropping of the thoughts, the personality, all of the sort of configurations of the mind, the disappearing that I write about, that is so I can be present for you, for your kids. Why are those kids love me as much as they do? Because I'm right there. You smell good, you're funny. So they talk about how I'm being consumed. This episode is brought to you by something sweet and it's not me. It's Manakura. Let's talk carbs. Specifically, honey and no, it's not another nickname for my husband. I usually call him something else. People have this idea that carbs are bad and that is simply not true. I use Manakura honey daily. Well positioned carbs like Manakura honey, they have been amazing for my personal training. I think of Manuka honey, which is what it is, is a functional carbohydrate, not just a sugar. It's serving a purpose. It's not just adding empty carbs. Honestly, we use it anytime. We need a natural sweetener. The bees collect the nectar from the Manuka tea tree in New Zealand. It's very complicated. The nectar is unpacked with bioactive ingredients and the honey that is produced has three times more antioxidants than your ever-tony. If you're looking for good honey, under-or-looking for something sweet, you can check out their website to learn more head to Manakura.com slash doctor line for $25 off your starter kit. The disappearance is really so that everything else can happen and I don't need to be there. I can just be present for what is happening. I'm not trying to do more or be more or be more visible. I'm just trying to be present. God, it's so hard. It's so hard. And think about it because for exactly the reason that you said, we live in a world for visibility if we want to speak and share. You will go to hospice and there are five beds. We will talk and you will help millions of people. I know. Even have a whisper thinking about dying while it is not an if. It is a when and again, just very personal to me. These are things I reach out to you about all the time because on one side we have joy. And I think that we all feel so privileged to have each other and our families and their is a level of for me and I hope that I'm speaking to you out there who is listening a level of vulnerability of complete and total loss of everything that you hold dear. I love my parents so much I love my best friend Don Laman and I also know that there will be a moment. We will not be together. How good are you to finish the last question? How good are you? How practiced are you at letting this go? Letting them go? Not at all. That's the that's the charge that's the task at hand. That is it. And I will say to finish that thought the sitting still when I'm grieving especially after I heard about that 15 year old kid I can't even. I sat for an hour that morning the next morning after hearing it I barely slept that night. It just couldn't get over me. I'm like all toss-piss. I'm you know but when something sudden like that happens and it's out of order like that and it's the kid dying before the parents. Wow it just really throws you for a loop but I sat for that hour and I suddenly felt okay okay I'm back and I could feel the waves of grief. The waves moved through me. They're so palpable now and slowly I was able to move that sadness through my system because I was sitting still. It's the craziest truth and it's really boring. It's not bright lights and it's not visibility and it's not a personality. It's the opposite. It's the disappearance that you just sighted. We have to disappear in order to be able to metabolize and then once we've metabolized these things little by little years we can really serve other people and helping them get through a challenging time. Where is the balance between the personality and the ego being driven? There's a drive of contribution. It sounds to me that there are layers of this. There's being driven to contribute but then also just being is the word study and present to be contributing? How do we enter twine those two things? I like the word study a lot. I use it a lot perhaps too often but yeah I have to be very careful when I walk into that hospice that it's not about me. I have to be very careful when I'm talking to my kid. It's not about me or my agenda. I am here to serve your unfolding. I am here to serve the unfolding of this person who's in the death process. I'm not here to be perfect and make it nice and help. Nothing is broken. I'm just here to presence and it keeps coming back to that because that's the only truth. It's not exciting. That's the the funny part. I wish we had some big. This is the teaching. It's like no, actually the teaching is how present can I be? For you, when you're having a hard time, when you text me and you say, I don't understand this. I can't rub my head around this. How present can I be for you? What practices have I done or tried that have helped me? How can I share that with you without foisting a agenda on you? That's how that's friendship. There are tactics. There are practices that do help. Most of you have told me about grace. This is an acronym that she uses. That she's taught to clinicians and doctors and people in the social engagement field of any kind. G, gather your attention. Our, recall your intention. I can do this now in just a moment like this when I walk into a room. I'm gathering my attention. I'm recalling my intention. The A is attuning to myself. How am I doing? Can I attune to the other people in the room? Has everybody else doing? C, can I consider what will serve? What will actually serve right now? And mostly it's going back to the very boring, but very real. I can present these people. And E, engaging and ending. Like sure, that's something we can cite here. It's lovely. It really does help me. But there's nothing like super exciting about any of this. It's just how present can we be for each other at the end of life? We're all going in that direction. So we're here. It's weird. It's I, um, I hope that I am doing a service to those, that person listening because there are a million health conversations that we can have. Oh my god, so many. And you've helped me have so many. And I feel so good. A 55 years old. They feel amazing. Because of you, we've been doing this for eight years. You've been seeing this in your experience. There is this practice of grasping. I, I see this biohacking space, this, how are we going to live in our body? Well, how are we going to be jacked? Yes, it matters James. How do we think about our brains and our experiences in ultimately my wish for people, which it really isn't even my business to wish for people? But I believe that they can be strong, both mentally and physically, and they should be able to choose. And when I think about your book, hold nothing and we, we talk about death because again, selfishly it's the thing I'm most afraid of. Yeah. But it could be anything. It could be the relationship that you're grasping. It could be the stage you want to speak on, the job that you want, the friendship that is no longer working. Any of those items, it could be any of those things. And what I am struggling with internally is I, as I just talk about this and just try to share as openly as I can, is that I believe and many people want to do this thing. Shame. My husband, he's in his third year of surgical residency after being created, a decorated seal, seal with multiple word deployments and a medic. Yet, here he is pushing. And I'm more talking, 100 hour week. Yeah. Easily, right? Felicipe comes home on a Tuesday night at 130. I go into the the kitchen. He's sleeping there with pizza. He was busted with a pizza. But there is there is a drive. And if we are to hold nothing and if we are to be deeply comfortable with life and sitting allows us to drop our personality, our identity. How do we configure the two, two fulfill as I would when I, you know, talk to James or Darmat or whatever it is that vision for us. How do we combine the two? How do we do that? This I do not know because everyone is different. I know that I'm trying my best to grasp less as women especially, if you're a woman listening, you know, to stop trying to hold everything and everyone together and know that everything and everyone, they're on their own road, on their own journey in their own process. At a certain point, we get somewhere in our 50s, I guess, maybe even 40s, where we can let go of more and not so tightly on the things that are no longer important. Thanks to one of the sponsors of the show, bond charge. Ben, if you're a mom out there and you've been carrying the whole team, I got a different form of therapy for you and that is red light therapy. In listen, good light impacts sleep hormones mood and even your ability to recover and focus. bond charge has created science back tools to help me live in better alignment with my circadian biology. Artificial light is overloading us. They have blue light blocking glasses that are staple in our house. They have red light. They have red light light bulbs. They also have infrared, pmf, mats to help chill my body relax my muscles and support full body recovery. If you've never tried red light therapy, this is the time to do it. They have some of the best devices that I've ever seen great for skin, mitochondrial health and overall resilience. If you care about your skin, if you care about your sleep, if you care about your body and want to try something new, check out bondcharge.com slash doctor lion, use the code doctor lion to get 15% off your entire order. Simple, proven, designed, do support your biology. We hold a lot of shame, we hold a lot of grief, we hold a lot of blame, we hold a lot of ranker. As I mentioned, we hold a lot of grudges. Those are the things that we can practice with first. In my humble opinion, that's what I'm practicing with. All the shame of all the mistakes that I continue to make. All of the grudges that I have ever held against anyone who has ever done me wrong. All those things are a good good place to begin. Are you a grudge holder? I don't think so. You know, there are a couple of things that I'm just like, how could that person actually do that? How could they actually think that about me? And then I have to let that go too. Wow. How quickly can I let go of that thought, that mistake? I would say a lightning speed. James is at my correct. She is the we have James and studio here. But it's a practice dude. I have known you 10 year, almost 10 longer. Let's see. Longer, you 2013, 2013. Right. You have not worked up lightning speed any faster because when I met you, you were at lightning speed. I've been really working on it. Lightning speed of letting go and not holding on to. Again, two types of learning, I don't know how often we learn when people tell us. You never tell me things. You say, perhaps what is your round about way? You know what I'm talking about. I can't even put it into it's an invitation. It's not a telling. It's not advice. It's an invitation or a question. Maybe. What do you think about this? Perhaps you can consider this? Jimmy, do we have a round about way that she offers a solution? And why do I bring this up because there are things that perhaps come very natural to some people and then some things that are just very cultivated and this letting go and emptying of your identity, but yet you've been tremendously successful. Yeah, I don't know. And I create it. What does success even mean at this junkshare? I don't know. I'm just trying to figure that one out too. I'm redefined. Like speaking of letting go, I'm redefining what success is actually. The entire construct is crumbling before my very eyes. I feel. And now it's up to me to create what I want. And I think what I want is a life of service, of friendship, of being an excellent partner and being a great mother. And as one teacher once said to me, inefficiently using what I have, I don't think I've been entirely efficient. I think that I've been very forgiving and I'm becoming more and more intimate with the contents of my mind. But I'm really eager to see what happens over these coming years when I could just shed a few more things. One of my teachers talks about illuminating and shedding. That's kind of the process of sitting. And I'm doing that in a partnership. I'm doing that in my friendships. Illuminate what is happening. And then shed what is not needed. You have a page and a chapter here really, this emptying of self-doubt thing. Went right there. I have to go in because you might not take this personally, but you are extraordinary. And you're writing and your transmission is extraordinary. And I feel so honored and so fortunate to have walked all of these years with you. It is a surprising and unusual friendship. So say the very least. You say the very least and yet all makes perfect sense. I think what we share is kind of a panoramic acceptance. It's such a great word. It's just so broad. It holds everything. It doesn't need to. It doesn't need there's no judgment. There's no fear. There's just this full level of acceptance. And that acceptance. And I dare say the acceptance of our own mortality impermanence. That of everyone we love. It brings a certain caliber of vibrancy to things. The colors are bright. The connections are real. There's no veil. I think that's everything. That's what holding them. To me that's what holding nothing really means. In order to hold nothing, you obviously have to let go of everything. Yes. Self-doubt. You do mentor people. I don't know if you still mentor people. I do. I do. I do. I love it. Actually, there are, I would imagine just like as a physician, a handful of curated items that may be less than ideal for an individual to carry. One would certainly be self-doubt. Yeah. I would love your experience with it or how one would get rid of it or why even have it. The scene which we're swimming that would give rise to such a thing as self-doubt. The scene which we're swimming is kind of internalized and dare I say patriarchal environment. That's just what's true. I'm not saying it's good about it. I'm just saying that's what's what does that mean? Exactly. Meaning it's hard for all of us, both men and women, to let go of the winning and losing paradigm. It's very difficult. I know. Winning or losing. If we could let go of that binary, the whole world would feel different. Everything would change. There would be no war. There would certainly be no lines in the sand. And I know this is a much bigger conversation, but that's what I mean by internalized patriarchal. I think there's a lot of winning and losing happening. And that keeps us from actually doing what we're meant to be doing, which is connecting and carrying. I was going to ask you, do we know what we are meant to be connecting and carrying? I was thinking right above. Produced, but best podcast is your way of connecting and carrying. Those are just the surface modalities that you've discovered and are fluent and boy proficient in. But really, I know you. I know you a long time. You're trying to connect and care for people. You started cherry atrics. Who does that? Who does the monomer best out? But still, you're your little path led you right there. So the elders first thing first thing. Do you want to learn more? I was not ready. I know. I am still not ready for it. But as a core fundamental belief, you remember when it was winter. And I myself and Kara was out. It was a tough winter. Wearing, I don't know, deaf. She was probably wearing 80 pounds and I was wearing my backpack with 40 pounds and we are walking 10 miles up and down New York City. Yeah, yeah, I'm from. Incidentally, last week, my 16th found weight vest was delivered to my house. I'll be starting to hike with that soon. Very excited about this. Yes, I remember. And I say this for this idea of utility. James and I were talking about this quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson and Emerson, that it's not the purpose of life isn't to be joyful, which that might be a mistake, but it is to be useful. That might also be mistake. It might not be utility in hold nothing. I just want to read this this line because I love it. Life presents us with endless choices to doubt that we're capable enough. Why's enough or creative enough or release that doubt and learn to trust ourselves implicitly? We are living in a world of too much visibility, too much information and constant comparison. It's crazy. I just want to know how we navigated and should we hold nothing and we let go of self doubt and numerous other items. That's what. So the doubt usually is the result of some kind of coping mechanism or something that we heard when we were very small. We have not forgotten it. Even if our brains have forgotten what was said or done, our bodies haven't. It's somatic grief. It still lives. Letting go of that is the practice. I mean for me, it was sitting still. That's what worked for me. And some combination, I will be honest of that and this weight training that you have been doing at first very reluctantly. I might add. When I met you, I'm pretty sure you were, I won't even say it. Let's just say it. Deeply plant-based. Deeply plant-based. Which I was okay with. Yeah, no. It's fine. After all, though, your blood sugar was just continuously. You know, just creeping up towards where we didn't want it. No, it's much better. It's much, I mean, look at you. Yeah, much better. But I will say this. The letting go of doubt is so much about sitting still, watching the tendency of our mind and teaching ourselves to release as swiftly as possible the thoughts that perpetually arise. If we do that, how do we choose the next right thought? There is no choosing. The mind will continue to secrete thoughts. Oh, goodness. The practice is to keep letting go. And after some years of this, at least in my experience, it was two or three years of this. Very assiduous practice. I know it's annoying. That's just, I know. I know. I'll tell you when I start. You'll start when your kids are older, perhaps. But after those two or three years now, in real life, in real time right now, as I'm sitting here looking into your pretty green eyes, I can actually hit on a doubtful thought. I can see it and drop it. So the next thought that might arise might be something very supportive and helpful. And that's that will be my next offering. Usually the best offering is nothing at all. Unless I'm being asked a question, I will not speak now because I've seen what my mind does. And there's no point to it. Just let everything be in your mind. No wonder you're more quiet when I call you to scum, but everything's happening. Of its own volition. Everything is happening. You know, I always just wonder how do newborns get so much energy? They wake up. They cry. They go to the bathroom. Well, they get something that we don't. They get cholesterol. The OG energy shot. And I'll tell you what, I'm always looking for ways to improve my energy. And gut health since that's where good health starts. And that's why I've added Amra cholesterol to my ice copy. Amra is a whole food supplement packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients, things like pre biotics. Pepp-guides that help strengthen immunity, support digestion, optimize performance in case you want another newborn. Amra uses a unique technology to preserve these nutrients in their purist, most bio-available form, which is why it stands out from nearly everything else that I've seen on the market. We have a special offer just for my audience. You can get 15% off your first order. Go to try Amra that's TRY, ARMRA.com slash Dr. Lyon and use the code Dr. Lyon at checkout. Intergenerational healing. As you do this work, as you drop, more doubt, more patterns, more personality. Please share with me this thought and concept of intergenerational healing. It's such an interesting one. There's we are looking at seven generations. Back, seven generations ahead, we do some work for ourselves. We begin to be friend our mind. Begin to get really good at illuminating and shedding ideas, doubts, fears. Whatever the case, and because I'm doing it, I can see that my son somehow, I have no idea how is more confident moving through the world. There were these inflection points over time where I would get clear on some aspect of my own doubt or fear, and I would see a playout and him. Tell me, I don't know. Okay, I can't believe I wish I knew how. There's probably a million experts that you can have on this podcast that will tell you how structurally, cellularly, what happens in the mother happens in the child, even when the child is no longer the mother's belly. I'm sure that's true. But I'm watching it playout in real time. When I do my work, my kids somehow get a little closer to himself and a little closer to me. There's a certain level of intimacy that I'm having within myself, fearlessness within myself, that I see in him. I don't know how to explain it. I wish I could be more articulate. I don't know how to explain it. But I could see it, feel it. And when he's older, I think he'll be able to speak to this. Like, he will have seen me. I was very open about getting sober. It was in 2013. 2014. I was there. I remember. I was very open with him about it. I wrote this really beautiful spoken word called ritual of recovery. He was there as I would practice it. He was there listening to it. I would practice it in all these different locations to really try and memorize it for myself and to offer it to people. He would say that something changed within him when that happened. And I would concur. He was a different guy after that. And so was I. I don't know. I wish I knew. But I do know this for sure. I was unwilling. I shyed away from my grandmother's death. I did too. She was dying. I was on vacation with a boyfriend and I had this family and I was like, I'm not going. I'll reticulish this. I regret this so deeply. Gramm of bell. She was amazing. I wrote about her in the book and she loved me so much. I can't imagine that. I would have missed it. So I will never shy away from death again. And the way that I was able to approach my mother's death was very, very different. And that is a healing of a sort that is intergenerational. So you're picking up on something that I think is important on a personal level that you're listener, the reader of this book will find ways to detect it in their experience. It's one of the things that happens naturally. We don't have to really try. If I heal something within myself, the generations behind me, the ones that went through World War II, the ones that are coming after me, Jonah, if he ever has kids and his and theirs, everybody heals. What we are going to do actually, because I do have five copies. I'm sure I will buy least five more. I would love to offer. If you are listening, we've never done this on the podcast. But if you are listening and you write a review for this episode, I will send out. I'm not going to give you all my copies. I will send out three of the five copies that I have. And I will have them signed by you. Again, if you are listening to this episode, please write a review. I will pick the top three reviews and send them out of copy. I think this book is so important. And it talks about, again, you're writing as an extraordinary. As I've watched you grow up, we both grow up in parts together. Yes. I always ask, how and I ask James, is to how is she just so good at things? How is she just so good at James's laughing? Because we, you know, I have a team of 13 to 20 people and honestly, Elana could probably do all the jobs, all at once. Now, maybe not your job, but I couldn't do his job. But how does someone become? And again, there's no ego to you. It how does someone become so capable? And is it because you continue to open up to your true self? One of the teachers in the lineage that I practice, Shonrius Azuki, his sort of right hand for many, many years was teacher by the name of Kudegiri Rochi. Kudegiri came up with this term, settling the self on the self. And I think even though I've probably had all these capacities all along and I remember several jobs along the way before it became a yoga teacher doing many different, wearing all the hats in the room. But I think since I started sitting meditation, I'm just able to be aware of what is needed around me because I've been settling the self and so I have this five very direct intimate experience of myself. And you know, I can look at the copy for your website and be like, hey, gee, let's work on this and work on it and in an hour, it's done because I'm also the customer so it's easy for me. But I can do almost anyone's job, you know, and is it just from a level of clarity? Because there's not this self-doubt, noise, ego or no one. I really am so interested in serving in whatever way that I can. And this just happens to be like what happens sometimes between you and me. But we have taken care of each other for a long time, but it's very natural. And I think it's only because you in your field have a level of presence and like rigor. Yes. And in my work, I have a level of presence and that's what I can bring in that yields a certain kind of rigor and attention and care for things. I think that's all you're picking up on. It's not a certain like, oh, she's so smart, talented, whatever. It's just that I'm present. I would argue it's smart and all of those things. We could all argue about that. But there is what I'm also getting at is there's a level of clarity that allows you to execute swiftly that it might take someone three months to do. And this is really an example for the listener at home. It is an example of what I believe is possible when you can recalibrate your mind. I'm not there. I see a new, I see it in chain. There's a level of silence that allows for, in my mind execution, which is kind of the very opposite of what you're doing. It's you're just doing the next right thing, the next moment, the next step. There's a level of ease that, again, how do we live well and how do we live true and how do we live effectively? Part of that is, I think a lot of us spend a long time doubting and running from things. Maybe that's something natural in your 20s. But perhaps that could end now. Yeah, that could end now. Does this end a moment? Susuke also said we're all like clocks. We're really wound up, but we have no idea what time it is. And let's say your listener is a parent. You have many parents for sure. Let's say is a partner or somebody working in a certain situation that's really challenging right now. Any challenge that we have, we sit and we can begin to feel a sense of groundedness and a whole bunch of thoughts that don't pertain will definitely emerge from this very productive mind. And then some really good ideas, well, merge, but we have to be quite enough and still enough to know, to drop all of them. It's, you know, it's like sand settling in a glass or something. Know to drop all of them so that you can be very discerning as to which one you're going to pick up on later. It's not something cognitive either. I'll walk out of a meditation that'll be an hour or sometimes I'll go and spend a whole month that you pie a sense in it or so or you know, I imagine I'll be at other places to at some point thus far at you pie. And I'll sit for a month. And in that month it'll be five to eight hours a day of sitting. But by the end of that month, I have so many good ideas. I have good ideas for you. I have good ideas for me. I have good ideas for James. I have good ideas for the household. Just things that add to the groundedness and the efficiency. There's another teacher by the name of Katherine Thanas who invites us to in her writing and speaking, she is long gone to be this moment. Not be in this moment or of this moment or with this moment, but to be this moment. So if you're a parent and your kids are losing it. Yeah, happens every day. How can you be this moment? And you'll be standing in the kitchen. It will be a totally zoo around you and you can put your hands on the counter. I'm just going to be this moment. And then instead of shouting maybe you'll whisper or instead of having a big reaction instead you'll actually sit down and your kids will be like, what is home? What is going on right now? And the parent is sitting down and everything sort of ratchets down three levels and something actually that needs to happen can actually happen. Who's to say what the right reaction is, but at least you can start to feel a connection to what will serve in that moment when you could be that moment. Very profound and very efficient which I love and it speaks to almost a spiritual discipline. Perhaps for sure. You describe silence as is kind of prayer and listening as the most powerful form of action. Can you speak to that? Did you ever as a kid? I think I know the answer to this, but I'm actually really curious. Did you ever as a kid have somebody who really listened to you? Oh yeah. Can you name that person? My grandma. Hmm. Also her name. Marcella. Marcella. Yeah. What? How I never heard her name? Marcella. Yeah. Marcella. Who's mom? My dad. Okay. That explains everything. Yeah. She was red. She was red. She listened to like crazy. Like, crazy. Just sit there. Hands on her chin and be super interested. Oh, into it. What a blessing. I found some letters that I wrote her from camp. Oh, go. And it was hey, the oranges are here with these apples or kind of soggy. You know, she sent you Harry's fruits. Yeah, I did the message back like that. So, what made me just this so beautifully written response to my damaged fruit. Yes. I letter that I had written. That woman loved you so much. So, that kind of listening is a gift to the whole world because look, she gave you that kind of listening which lent you somewhere in your cellular tendrils of your body, a certain confidence that you were okay. You should be heard. That little confidence, little thread of confidence, has now two of us sitting here, the way in which we know each other's bonkers, that we love each other so deeply as bonkers. And you have a significant impact on the lives of the people you're serving. You've had a significant impact on my life. Why? I would aim to say many, many reasons, but one of the earliest ones is Grandma Marcy listening well to you. It says a lot. And who, you know, if you're listening to us or watching, who has listened to you and how can you emulate them in the service of all humanity? And don't be thinking that that's some sort of big idea. It's actually true. If I listen to, I don't know, a driver, somebody helping me at a restaurant or something. If I'm listening well, they have a better day and then their kid has a better day. Their partner has a better day. It's these little tiny things. But Grandma Marcy, she's part of the reason why you're so successful. You know, successful. And that was air quotes for those of you who are just listening. Yeah. It makes a lot of sense because the way that we can then show up for others, certainly perpetuates not only one individual life, but then a ripple effect and potentially intergenerational healing. There are a few last questions. And this is something that when I think about being clear and discernment, you describe boundary setting with boundary setting with someone you love as an act of love. Yes. You describe boundary setting with someone you love boundaries as an act of love. How do you discern who and when to remain in someone's life versus love them from afar and close out chapter? This is a very important question. I want to take it, you know, with sort of kid gloves. It's very case specific, but I know that you and I have been walking this road together for a long time. Thank you Anthony Lyon. Story at the end. Story at the end. So you have to stay tuned for the story at the end. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new we've created. It's called forever strong insider and it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel Lyon Show. As a forever strong insider, every week you'll get ad free episodes written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show. A community Q&A segment where you can submit your own questions for upcoming guests. We're going to call this the strong seat and behind the scenes content a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel and navigate daily life. Go to foreverstrong.supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. There are and have been certain situations in my life where somebody comes into it and I can see very swiftly that this story does not belong to me. It's very hard to discern that. Before I was sitting regularly it was very hard to discern that. Since I started sitting I can very swiftly see okay this is not mine to hold. I'm going to let it go quickly without fanfare, without any sort of nothing else is happening. I'm just going to quickly exit the situation. It's to call it Taoist, call it sort of martial art where you sort of move out of the way of the moving vehicle, out of the way of the moving limb, whatever it is. I'm just moving out of the way. I'm not engaging with this situation even a little bit. I've had a couple of clients in the recent years where there's some sort of very obviously narcissistic partner and I just advise if they're asking, not if they're not asking, I advise to block delete, release, forgive, move on, no contact. That person will ultimately find some other venue to express their illness. In those cases in any case where I detect a sense that it's not actually about me, I will as swiftly as possible, remove myself from the situation. And I won't talk about it. You don't. That is one thing that I have learned. I will bring something to you. Again, as I confident as someone who I trust deeply as my family. I will lay a situation at your doorstep to ask you advice and you'll say, now this person is it's washer hands of them and they don't need. But as I sit to rationalize, while maybe it is I that I'm being unreasonable, you are very clear and secondly, there's no shame. There is not I feel so guilty. Am I going to hurt this person's feelings? It is. Thank you and move on. Moving on, the best thing we can do very, very often is not to engage and not to try and make it right or make it easier or somehow perpetuate the situation. Just release and move on, like I'll. It's really hard to do. If you're listening and you're struggling with this, some sort of situation like this, just don't do anything for some time and see what happens without your process insinuated on the larger process. See what happens. The thing might resolve by itself. But oftentimes, if I don't do anything at all, suddenly everything is better. I like that doing a little bit less. There are two more items on our list, perhaps three, and one of them, which I have not been attuned to in the past. This is what you call a literal altar, an altar in your home and what does it mean to have an altar in the heart and how do we live? What does it even mean? How are we thinking about that? So many of us have very small spaces and we are looking for some meaning and the things that we do and the people that we with whom we surround ourselves and altar is a place where you can actually set your eyes and see something that has meaning to you. All of those items and those paintings that would not be one that I have of yours in my home, purpose like placed in very particular location. The little vase that I gave you so many years ago, that whole shelf is sort of an altar in her bedroom. What else were you showing me? The little cards, the little jewelry, even weirdly when I walked into your closet and I saw that bag that I gave me these many years ago. Yes, that's hanging there. That too is like a little bit of an altar. It's our friendship. You know, there's something about it. You walk by it. There's like a little heart warming, a little burst. Those items are strategically placed so that I can see them and I would say I did that consciously. Is there a benefit? Could someone create a tiny little space? It what is someone trying to anchor? I encourage this all the time. In fact, this is one of the things that I want to teach as the book comes out. I'm going to offer this. I have to design it, but I know I'm pretty sure I know what I want to do. Can you find one small shelf in your house, dear listener or viewer, where you can place a few of the items that remind you of who you are. Maybe it's a little picture of yourself as a child. Maybe it's a little piece of jewelry of your grandmother's. Maybe it's some photograph of somebody you love. Maybe it's a quote that you ripped out from some magazine so long ago and you have it sitting in a notebook, but you'd love to look at it every day. That's an altar. And you can make that altar as a physical space in your house. You can also make an altar in your little heart. So every time I sit, the first thing I do when I sit down, I exhale. I sort of gather my attention as my teacher has taught me to do or should go on and then I let everything settle. I take a few breaths like that. And then there's some kind of like anchor for today. I'm going to anchor my sadness there. That's what it was yesterday when I was thinking about this child who died. I'm going to anchor my trust because I feel so afraid right now. Whatever it is. And once that anchor is placed, I let it go. That anchor is at the altar of my heart. I have another friend Tracy Stanley, a really well-known teacher, respected teacher, who has two books. One is called Radiant Rest and the other is called Illuminus Self. I've read that. Radiant Rest. Yes. Tracy would be. She's just one of my dearest teachers and friends. T-Sister also. And she teaches a whole yoga nidra where you're traveling basically to a location that you're envisioning as you're traveling there during the nidra. And you're landing at this altar of sort of a heart as it were. What are you placing there? That's the altar of your heart. There are many ways to go about this, but it's nice to have these kinds of intimate moments with yourself where you and you are the only thing that is needed. Nothing else is needed. Nobody else is needed. You don't need a piece of special something to you know or object. Nothing. You can just place your attention in your heart. Anchor what you need and then drop it. It's beautiful. Yeah. It's beautiful. This is a heavy one. Okay. You're ready for it. I think I'm ready for it. What would you say to someone who is afraid of dying? Not much. I would just ask them how they are. I would ask a lot of questions. I would be very curious to hear how they're doing today and what's happening in their heart. What's happening in their mind? Who's been here to visit and I would let them kind of drive the train. If they ask to me, I'm so afraid to die. I don't know how to think about this. I would say why don't we just sit quietly together for a few moments and any thought that you have that arises seemingly from somewhere in your consciousness. What if we were to just practice letting that thought gently drop? Let's see how that goes. That's probably all I would say. And then they would make some discoveries for themselves and then we would go from there. But there is no advice for that. There's experience. There's a practice. You know there's just a comforting presence that I can offer. Maybe even take the comforting out because that's extra. Maybe I can just bring in presence. Question mark? I mean again we know each other so well and I want to let everything land and breed and have its space rather than filling it up with a lot of words which is probably shocking to my friends and family. I also have sitting over there. You know I think I'm very funny. I'm the only one that thinks I'm funny which is where I actually would add in the humor to deflect any any way in which I may be feeling which is intense gratitude for you. Quick story. Elena Brower and I know each other because we both married Tony Lyon. Shout out to Tony. Probably isn't listen to the podcast but we are all very dear friends at this point. All of us which is so unusual and when we were getting married this is many years ago obviously I'm married now to Shane with my two little minions. You who we love who we desperately love and at the time you wanted to come to the wedding and needless to say I was not keen on inviting my future husband my fiance's ex-wife to the wedding. Huge Jimmy's gigal. And yeah and you and Jonah and James have been the biggest blessing. We married and I don't know how to say this kind of the decided not to stay in the divorce the same person. Amazing human. Amazing human. We love him. And his family like his family is still my family. Incredible for sure but it would make for an unlikely friendship which also makes perfect sense. We could both recognize in each other something that was timeless and we both put in efforts. We've all put in efforts. James and Tony are really close. I mean they talk. It's really sweet. They say I love you at the end of the conversation like Jonah and his friends like it's real. But we put in an effort and I don't know what relevance this has for your listener or your viewer but efforts matter in the absence of mental illness efforts count. You know there's mental illness there it's very difficult and I understand. But in this particular case we both put in some time and work and care. We both care very very much and that goes a really long way. Just just wow. It's just silly. It's silly and amazing and that we have all these narratives in these constructs about how relationships and friendships form and such a unusual one the way that it started and the way that it continued for well over a decade. Yeah I want to close this out before you offer us a beautiful meditation and that is one more time the five remembrances. Let's do it. I am of the nature to grow old. There is no way to escape growing old. I am of the nature to have ill health. There is no way to escape having ill health. I am of nature to die. There is no way to escape death. All that is dear to me and everyone I love are of the nature to change. There is no way to escape being separated from them. My actions are only true belongings. My actions are the ground upon which I stand. If you would honor us in a moment of meditation thank you again for being here not just in this moment but in all of the moments and has mattered so deeply to me and my family. I love your family so much. I love those babies. That video that you took yesterday of airs jumping into my arms. How often does that happen in this life? It's a blessing. Wow. We are blessed and this is quite a gift. Yes it is. I love you so much. All right let's sit together. If you are listening or watching go ahead and make yourself comfortable in your seat. Find a way to place both feet on the floor. If you are on a chair or if you are sitting on a cushion maybe just move to the edge so that your spine is nice and straight. As you grow your spine tall feel like you are reaching the crown of your head. Skyward. And then allow yourself to feel feet or seat or both grounded. And take a few deep breaths here. Really gathering your attention on the inhalation. Allow your inhalation to be this kind of retrieval of parts of yourself perhaps that you've scattered about your home or your day. Allow the exhalation to be a very certain settling of your energy of what you're collecting and retrieving. We'll take two to three more breaths like that gathering and centering grounding. And gently become aware as we've talked about during this conversation of any thoughts that begin to emerge out of your consciousness. Maybe it's a thought about a plan or something that's happened in the past and just notice it and bring your attention back to the next breath in the way in which you're collecting and settling. And the idea of being that each thought that emerges as we spoke about secretion of the mind becomes something you can just allow to drop. And you can certainly keep your eyes closed or if you wish you can open your eyes and the reason to gently open the eyes, take in a point on any surface in front of you is to practice being present for a reality as it is. And it can take time to learn how to keep your body still to learn how to not address every itch. Just stay still as to face the things that are difficult to face and to become stronger in your discernment of what you tend to and what you leave alone. And this time passes you begin to notice that there's a part of your attention that actually can see and feel and ascertain everything that's happening. And it is on that part that you can rest all of your energy, all of your attention on that which sees everything. And the practice of noticing and dropping thoughts never really ends, but you may notice in time that the thoughts slowly become fewer and farther between. The pace slows down. And the body begins to move into a really restful healing state in which homeostasis or health spray-ortized balances by ortized naturally physiologically. We're taking about five to ten more breaths here depending on how deeply your breathing so enjoy each one to the fullest and be extremely discerning as to which thought you follow and which thought you allow to recede. And if you're so inclined, you can bring your hands together, you're palms together and gosho, you can place your fingertips right in front of your nose about a fist away. Just take a moment to dedicate the benefit of this practice to all beings. Anyone you know who needs it, any community you know who's suffering, and feel what happens in your chemistry when you move this benefit toward someone else and how it changes within you. And I want to thank you for your practice. Thank you my G. You love it. I love you so much. Thank you for having me on. It is such an honor. My moments with you are some of my favorite. Same. Love you.