If you've ever felt dismissed by medical professionals or if you've struggled with confusing symptoms, like dizziness, racing heart or fatigue, without clear answers, this conversation is for you. histamine is one of 1,200 plus chemical massengers that come out of mass cells. In this episode of the Dr. Gabriel Lyancho, I interview Michelle Shapiro registered dietation. Clients who eat tomatoes and citrus foods and fermented foods. If you went to a gut health doctor, these would be the healthiest foods unless they would say you have to eat these foods and they would be the exact foods that would sicken those with histamine issues. We're tackling a widely misunderstood and ill-defined health issue. Histamine and its related conditions like mass cell activation syndrome, postural orthostatic tachycardia, or pots, and she shares her personal and professional journey navigating these challenging conditions. It's impossible to believe that something that's healthy for someone can create severe symptoms. It's not logical. Almost right, why would someone drinking lemon water make them violently ill for a week? It's like defies our understanding of the human body almost because that accident is very odd way, basically. We'll explore why traditional medicine often misses the mark on diagnosing and treating them and discuss how these conditions intersect. We break down practical strategies to reclaim your health, calm your nervous system and build resilience. Michelle Shapiro registered dietation also one of my dearest friends. Welcome to the show. I'm already emotional. I'm so much for having you. I mean, this is so happy to be here. Unblurable. It's unbelievable. One of the reasons why I want to have you on is typically when we see a patient in the practice that has all these strange symptoms like disiness, heart rate variability, they are reacting to foods to son, to things that we couldn't even imagine. It seems as if mass cell activation syndrome is something that plays a role and it being related to nutrition. You certainly are an expert and have seen many patients with mass cell activations in her. But what is it? Yeah, so we'll first define what mass cells are. I think that's really important. So much of the conversation online right now is about histamine. So we're going to use that word a lot. But I think to even define histamines, we have to talk about where they come from. Mass cells are a part of our immune system. They're type of white blood cell and I really think of them as being the guards to our body. So what their job is is to assess for threat and then send messengers out to the rest of our body instructing them on what do we do in the situation. And I really think of mass cells as being this not only they not only help with the healing in times of a threat, but they are always anticipating threats as well. So what happens is something will attach to the outside of a mass cell and then the insiders, these sacks where they will release these granules that have these chemical mass hinders in them. One of them is histamine. So this is why this histamine conversation becomes so important. Mass cell activation syndrome is when those mass cells are constantly activated and releasing these chemical mass hinders. And it's really important to state. histamine is one of 1,200 plus chemical mass hinders that come out of mass cells. So wow, and we really have kind of honed in on histamines. I just had to get asked, why do you think that is? I think histamines create the most emergency like symptoms. And I think that's why we focus so much on them because histamines are the most, I guess the loudest. You could say of a lot of them. There's elastases, trip tases, cytokines. There's so many different compounds that come out of our mass cells. But the ones that we can actually see and feel come from histamines usually. For anyone who's interested in research, I wanted to pull some of the new existing data. And this is a 2024 paper. It's the world journal of clinical pediatric, said it's mass cell activation and up to date review of the literature. And again, it talks about mass cells as this again, what you had said, a type of white blood cell that is involved in the immune system. And they create a common list of symptoms, flushing, hypertension, itchiness, swollen, tongue, headache, vomiting, diarrhea. And it seems as if there's a lot of outstanding questions. I'd love for you to talk about a little bit about what these symptoms are, is it system dependent and how is that going to happen? I can't believe how excited I am to talk about this. I'm like, this is so great. Thank you for asking me that question. So when we think of histamines, we often think of medications like anti-estamines. I just think of this as a benedrial deficiency. It's right. It's like you just need a zirtag, right? Which in some cases, by the way, you do need a zirtag. And we can talk about the medication component of it. But histamines are so much more than just these compounds that cause mucus and coughing and this type of classic cold symptomology. So mass cells are in our connective tissue. And our connective tissue lines, every organ in our body, our joints, our bones, really anywhere where they say there's a dark hollow space in your body, there are mass cells. So that means that the symptoms from histamines can come from anywhere in your body. So it's really weird because if people can get tacky cardio or low or blight, high blood pressure from histamines, they would actually think, maybe I'll go to a cardiologist. But in reality, because the symptoms are coming from this type of chemical compound, it's really hard to trace kind of their place of origin. And other symptoms that people experience with histamine issues are flushing and those classic allergy symptoms that we think of cold symptoms. But then also people can experience extreme urgency in their digestive system, extreme urgency in their urinary tract, feeling like their bladder is constantly full and irritated, feeling extreme anxiety because one of the roles of histamine is to keep us awake and alert. So people have insomnia, anxiety that's really prevalent, depression or depressive symptoms because we can't say there's only one root cause of any of these conditions or syndromes. histamine issues can cause joint pain and our perception of pain can be increased from them as well. And then a lot just again, a lot of digestive issues people are seeing rapid diarrhea, also constipation, which is weird, it depends on the person, and a lot of nervous system involvement too. And that's really tricky because it's almost a catch all phrase, you're not feeling well, it could be massile activations and which is not common. I think that this case, when I say it's not common, it's not very common in the literature. It's also not common from a diagnosis perspective and it reminds me of when mold and environmental toxins were never thought of. I remember when I was living in New York City, I mean we've known each other now, it's going to be almost a decade, you know, be going on decade. And when I was living in New York City, so it was a cry right now. So it's sweet before book babies and before Shane. Literally. Before Shane. Aren't you so glad we don't have to listen to Bud's class two, three, four? I like we were on repeat last night, but in the time I know. When I was living in New York City, I got really sick living in my apartment. I went to multiple doctors and I had already been a physician, right? So I'd been a physician, seeing patients, and it turned out I went to probably five different doctors and I didn't get any answers. I couldn't explain word-finding difficulties, vision changes and just terrible fatigue. I mean I could barely get out of bed. And it ended up being mold. I was exposed to stocky batteries in the apartment that I was living in, but at the time, people would think that was crazy. Now, everybody is talking about mold. It's really become more of a prevalent disease, just like lime. That's sort of a massive activation, I think is the next thing. Yeah, and mold, by the way, can be a very clear root cause to mass-illotivation syndrome, by the way, because of this inflammatory cascade that happens as a result. Because anything that triggers your immune system to be in that constant state of threat or activation or needing to detox all the time, anything like that, if you don't have proper drainage, can create this immune system need to constantly put out these messengers and constantly fight. That is very interesting because it gives us a root cause approach. And that is something that you really focus a lot on. How does someone know what would be the process of trying to figure out if someone had muscle activation syndrome? And I'm thinking of one patient I have, and he would go into his house and immediately he would get a histamine reaction. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, first of all, you can have that histamine reaction to these environmental toxicants. So, when I think of, we'll talk about the diagnostic piece, but also when I think of this histamine problem, usually it's a composite of different factors. So, histamine issues are not just from one thing. So, it's not that you ate a tomato and then you were sick after. I think of histamines much like we think of auto-munity kind of like a bucket theory. So, you could have a little bit of environmental toxicant that puts your immune system on guard, a little bit of mold, and then you have a stressful conversation with a family member, and then you eat a bunch of tomatoes, and then you drink a little bit of alcohol, and then that turns into this new update. And then you watch an ABCL documentary that nine PM, which is way past my bedtime with the children. Yeah, exactly. But it's a composite of these things that then puts your body into this state of activation. So, it really is not just usually one event. However, I will say, a lot of times if there is one event, it is usually from a very strong detox protocol. So, I often see clients coming to me after they've been to functional medicine doctors on these incredible parasite cleanses mold detoxes, they're correct, but their immune system is too reactive, and what I'm hearing you say is you're describing what people would probably pin on a hurts reaction. Exactly. That is exactly right. And so, usually if you're working with a fabulous functional medicine doctor, they'll tie trade down, or they'll say we kind of have to push through. Right? We have to push through this hurts. The problem is with histamine issues is you have a new problem. If you have, if you have mass-altivation syndrome while you're going through a moldy detox, you now have to deal with the mass-altivation syndrome because you're immune system in that state of constant searching and fighting is going to create new problems for you. That just sounds really challenging. Yeah. When someone is thinking, okay, I might have mass-altivation. How would they then go through kind of a diagnosis criteria, or is there a criteria for diagnosis? Sure. Yeah. So this can be done in immunologists' office. This can be done in a primary care office, a functional medicine doctor's office, so you can measure the actual mediators. You can measure serum triptace, serum histamine in your actual, like, at a lab with a lab test. You can also measure through a urine test. The reason why these can be very limiting is because histamines aren't don't live in our blood for very long. And if you're not an active flare, you might not be able to see what is circulating basically. And so it's really important that if people are using that mode of diagnosis, that they actually go during a flare. I would say it's really important. Yeah. And you have to be off of antihistamines to be tested for it. A kind of more accurate measurement and another way that we can diagnose, not myself, but that doctor's can diagnose, is through biopsy. So you can get a skin biopsy, or if you happen to be going in for an endoscopy or colonoscopy, you can you can biopsy the cells and see massillativity through that as well. The standard laboratory diagnostic markers of MCAS according to this up to date review for MCAS is serum triptace with a normal level defined between 0 and 11.4 nanograms per milliter in adults. It also exactly what you said studies have shown that the sample should be taken within one to four hours of the beginning of symptoms and that that basal level should be evaluated in advance during a symptom free period at least 24 to 48 hours after complete recovery. As one could imagine, this is not easy to do. And some studies suggest that even a normal triptace level that that does not diagnostically rule out MCAS. You had mentioned and I'll just this is for the providers listening and if you are someone who is testing in your urine or urinary metabolites that other mediators such as histamine, prostate landins, luka trines, other urinary metabolites of histamines. It says that they are not as well known in terms of diagnostic criteria. What else would be a way to tell? Is this a diagnosis of exclusion? It can be and while of course as a dietitian, I'm not diagnosing anything, I will say this. I tell the story about a mutual fund of ours, Olivia, I'm a trano, who you introduced us. That's right, I'm responsible for the friendship. You are very responsible and I'm giving full accountability and responsibility. Olivia wrote an article a long time about what her number one travel tips were and what she has to pack with her when she's traveling. And in that article she said I always bring Benagerl with me because you never know when you'll need it. And I said you'll only need Benagerl if you have a histamine issue so that's a good way to know. If you take Cliratin or you took Azir attack or you took a pepsid and you felt immeasurably better, that would tell you you know what, maybe this is this is something and maybe this is a direction to look in. Because for people who do not have histamine issues, you would not feel better taking those medications. So sometimes there's a little bit of a trial and error as well. I would also say that after working with probably at this point in my practice a thousand clients between myself and my practitioners, there's very clear patterns that we can see when it comes to histamine issues. So clients who eat tomatoes and citrus fruits and fermented foods, if you went to a gut health doctor, these would be the healthiest foods on the list. They would say you have to eat these foods and they would be the exact foods that would sicken those with histamine issues. So when I see clients coming with the list and I said what foods do you react to and they say vinegar, tomatoes, spinach, avocado, that leads me in a direction of okay this is not a regular gut issue like leaky gut or something. They're not reacting to fiber particles, they're reacting to one specific component of the food. So it's it is a little bit of by exclusion and also by pattern recognition I would say and there are some really easy patterns to see. Have you wasted so much money on skincare? I swear to you I have spent so much on my personal skincare that my pores should be unarmed, I'm not attached to ductable at this point. But thank God for one skin and here's what I love about one skin. They don't make empty promises. It's a research-driven, minimalistic and tested for beauty skin health and longevity. One skin is the first top-cult skin care back by peptide science that target skin aging in a molecular level. They had a proprietary peptide which is designed to reduce the accumulation of something called zombie cells that drive inflammation, tissue breakdown and really this is an amazing product. It's not really about this cosmetic quick fix. You know we talk all about health and wellness but we typically talk about it from the inside and this is something that you can put on topically to affect the health of your skin. So go to oneskin.co. That's O-N-E-S-K-I-N.co and use the code Dr. Lyon for 15% off. That made me think about that list. It also made me think about small intestinal bacteria overgrowth. Which is exactly what it sounds like, small intestinal bacteria overgrowth. There is a disproportionate amount of bacteria that would be less than ideal for the gut. People get a lot of bloating. When you see a patient with histamine, do we call it histamine intolerance? How do we differentiate between histamine intolerance and mass-ylactivation syndrome? Yeah. So mass-ylactivation syndrome will probably involve those other mediators. Hissamine intolerance can be you have actually a normal amount of histamine circulating. You just don't feel well when you're having that amount. So it's an intolerance to existing histamine that you're experiencing. Pretty hard diagnostically to differentiate. However, if someone has histamine intolerance, I'm always wondering if there's a mass-yl involvement as well. And there is mass-yl involvement because that's where histamine is released from. What it'd be safe to say that if somebody has a histamine reaction repeatedly that they should be checked for mass-ylactivation syndrome, absolutely. Is there a list of symptoms, a validated list of symptoms that they would say, okay, you go to your cardiologist because they see tachycardia or pots, which I'd love for you to talk a little bit about. Is there a checklist to determine? Because I haven't seen one. I had never seen a validated checklist although, again, I think immunologist probably have access to something that's pretty, again, this clear pattern recognition. It is not, there would not be a diagnosis based on that list that I'm aware of. I could be wrong by the way, and I'm open to. No, I haven't seen it, but for example, in low testosterone, there are questionnaires for sleep apnea, there are questionnaires for narcolepsy, for all of these many of challenges physical challenges. There seems to be a questionnaire in this would make sense that guys, if no one has done this, someone could go to it. So, get on this right away because it would be really, really helpful. Yeah, so this part of the conversation, I think, is the most important part because the philosophical question we have is who's responsibility is it to treat Mcasts? And what can each person do? What is the role of each provider? What's the scope? Because this information on Mcasts is exploding very recently. The first practice paper I believe is only in 2017, maybe 2019. So, it's all very new, and we've also seen an explosion of Mcasts with long COVID. So, the question is, where's each of our roles? I think, and it's really, really important, because if someone, again, if someone has a pounding heart when they stand up and their heart reads jumping up, severe tacky cardio, which is a frightening experience. You think you're having a heart attack, you don't know what's going on, you're so dizzy, you can't move. People can't walk when that reaction's happening. Where would you go, Gabrielle? You'd go to your, the ER, you go to a cardiologist's office, but there's no cardiologist who's pulling out a list of histamine intolerance checklists when someone's coming in. They're going to do an EKG. They're going to do what they need to do to make sure that their heart as a muscle is functioning. The issue is that histamines, one of their main functions, is to cause vasodilation, which we'll go into more deeply, but it's not that the heart itself is not functioning. It's that the brain is signaling and the massile, the immune system is signaling for the body to operate in a different way. So, it's really challenging for doctors because that's not in their inclination and it shouldn't be, they want to make sure that muscle is working, that the organ is working. So, it's really challenging when clients go to the ER because you can get any emergency sign you can think of respiratory rate changes, fibers, obviously any visible signs and things like that, heart rate. So, the question is what is each of our role, I think, because it's really tricky and it really conceals itself as other conditions as well. What would the diet look like? Is it fair to say that there is a diet to help modify these symptoms in the short term and that I'm curious as to treatments in the long term? Absolutely. Yeah, so let's say someone, let's say we have identified a root cause for amcast. Let's say we know someone's living in a moldy home. Let's say actually someone has Sebo, because Sebo's actually one of the syndromes or conditions that we say travels with amcast. So, they often have overlapping, like symptomology as well. So, if someone has these symptoms in the short term or we've even identified the root cause, you still have to treat the symptoms first. This is very different than other conditions because if you know that mold is an issue usually, you treat the mold, right? If you know that parasites are an issue, you treat parasites. Because histamines are so react, our immune cells are mass cells are so reactive to any type of detoxification, including a vitamin C supplement. I had a one week reaction with fever because I got a vitamin C IV. Wow, this really brings me back to my new practice. Of course, we had a patient that reacted to vitamin C. This was before I was even thinking about mass elevations syndrome. And we're thinking to ourselves, how we don't believe this? We do not believe that she is reacting to vitamin C. Tell me more. Yeah, so it's really funny because those patients are my only clients. So, I only see the people who have those reactions and those reactions had exploded since COVID by the way. So, it's impossible to believe that something that's healthy for someone can create severe symptoms. It's not logical, almost right? Why would someone drinking lemon water make them violently ill for a week? It's like defies our understanding of the human body almost because that acts in this very odd way, basically. So, vitamin C is powerfully supportive for our immune system. In mass elevations syndrome, your immune system is not hyperactive and it's not autoimmune. It's hyperactive. So, it's constantly turned on essentially. So, anything that enhances an immune response can also enhance a mass cell response as well. The other issue is if you are not draining or detoxing properly, you can have recirculation of toxins. What does that mean? Does that mean liver removal? Yes. Does that mean going to the back? Thought removal, liver removal. So, any if any step in the detox and drainage process is inhibited, you can have recirculation of toxins basically. So, in C-bows, a great example, you have this bacterial overgrowth and your body is like let me mount an immune response to help you to get rid of this and to move this through, but you don't you cannot handle the edit, immune, and detoxification response. So, it is a body that is in a state of turned on too much. So, anything that enhances the detox response that could help you, you actually can't do. Which is really, really frustrating in treatment. That would be really, again, very challenging. Here, I'm just going to read this. This is the relationship between C-bow and MCAS is as follows. C-bow, and this is for my science nerds in there. Dad, I hope you're listening. C-bow causes the activation of the mass cells and increase in T-limpicides. T-limpicides in turn secrete micro particles that again activate mass cells, activated mass cells, and T-limpicides release cytokines. This increases intestinal permeability and leads to this vicious cycle. Friends, why this is so important is because when you hear mass cell activation or when you hear C-bow, you must have a mechanism of action. When we don't have mechanism of action, and the way that I would think about this is read meat causes cancer, calling cancer, or read meat causes cancer. What is the mechanism of action? This has a clear mechanism of action. How do we begin treatment? Because obviously people would think, oh, well, I'm going to take Vitamin C, I'm not feeling well. But before actually before we go to treatment, give me some other items that people would take. You said vinegar, avocado, any of the foods that seem to exacerbate small intestinal bacteria overgrowth, I did a episode with Ken Brown, Dr. Ken Brown, He's amazing. If you want to learn more about C-bow, we should link to that episode here. Vitamin C, what else? From a histamine food perspective, and the original question, yeah, absolutely. The original question you had was like, what is the diet, the deal with the diet piece of it, and we will talk about that, of course. So the foods that are high in histamines or can cause the body to release histamines are vinegar, citrus fruits, spinach, avocado, tomatoes, especially like aged foods, unfortunately pickles for me. It's a major loss. It's actually the only high histamine food I can't eat. Chocolate, everyone's mad at me for saying that one. Alcohol, anything that's aged, the food itself can build histamines over time, basically, because histidine gets converted to histamine in the aging process. Fermented foods, those gut healthy foods, me, so, natto fermented vegetables, like these foods that again are so objectively healthy, they have a high histamine content, or they cause the body to release histamines. Benanas are another one spinach. So would these reactions happen immediately? Depends. It's a great question. Yeah. Or is it over time, for example, the person who eats a ton of bananas, one day can't totally pronounce it, or I used to eat, you know, like my producer, talking vinegar, or he maybe could do it, and then all of a sudden he can't do it anymore. Absolutely, yeah. So it's a depends on where you are in that bucket theory, right? Have you had a lot of other environmental toxicants stress? Have you been exercising too hard? And exercise is something we have to talk about because it's not said because exercise is essential for pots, especially an MCAS, but everything's about titration and everything's about creating safety in the body first, and you have to do things in a certain order. So the answer is this, does a low histamine diet treat the root cause of MCAS? A little bit. But not totally. The way that it does a little bit is because unfortunately our body has this very odd mechanism where the more histamines that are present in serum, the more body, the more the body creates histamines, which I'm like, don't do that. We have enough clearly. So the problem is if you eat high histamine foods, it enhances this cycle that continues as well, and can cause drastic symptoms. And when I say drastic symptoms, I mean violent digestive issues for days at a time. Could be all the way up to vomiting. It could be migraines. I mean, these are really, really intense symptoms, not just that little rash that people think of, which is also a common histamine symptom, of course, as well. But these symptoms are so drastic and it is hard because you can have a reaction within minutes or the reaction can be delayed like 12 hours later. That was my, that was going to be my next question. It does someone have an immediate reaction. And if we're thinking about diet, obviously you're removing those things, is that the first time? Yes. So I would say in any protocol, so this is the same thing with supplements. And when we were talking about supplements, vitamin C, vitamin B, especially glutathione, anything that's enhancing that detoxification or immune system response. But really people with mass-illotivation syndromes, I think of our bodies as, and these highly sensitive bodies as bodies that are on guard. So anything that's perceived as a change to the system can be really challenging. So it's those supplements that enhance the immune response, mitochondrial response or detoxification or anything that's new to your body, unfortunately. And it really depends on the state because I can eat 10 bananas a day one day. The next day, if I took a flight and my, my mass-illotivation is already irritated, I might not be able to tolerate them. So it is really challenging to kind of chase, but in the beginning you have to stabilize two things. Of any mass-cell journey, you have to stabilize your histamines and you must stabilize your nervous system because our nervous system and our immune system are intricately connected and in mass-illotivation syndrome, there is no way that your mass cells can become if your nervous system is hyperactive because that's the number one signal for our mass cells to to activate and they literally communicate with each other. Mass cells are also considered neurotransmitters and are released by our hypothalamus as well. With histamine stabilization and nervous system stabilization, can you give me a sample type protocol and we've actually worked on a few quite a few patients together and there's this one patient that I'm thinking about and this was a Shidlong COVID and we should talk about long COVID, long COVID, ACE, receptors and this M.C.S. connection. We started her on Pepsit and we gave her a handful of items and it seemed to really improve her symptoms. So let's start with that. Yeah and I'm going to actually mention a case study with a different client and why Pepsit even came up to me and why it even started thinking about Pepsit. I had a client who was on eight psychiatric medications. Actually, I had a fantastic psychiatrist and it was well-furned Psalm me. She had untreatable in Psalm me. She was sleeping one to two hours a night. Then maybe like the third night she would get like five or six hours but it led to the point where she had like paranoia and hallucinations her and Psalm me it was so severe. In my emails to stay up to date I always get these medical lectures and I recently listened to a lecture from an academic MD PhD about magnesium. I have to tell you it completely changed my perspective from a scientific point of view on magnesium. One of the most common causes of headaches you won't believe it is a magnesium or could be a magnesium deficiency and you can test for this in the blood. There are hundreds of biological processes that magnesium is responsible for and the absorption in our diet is not great and after listening to this lecture I am more convinced than ever that taking magnesium can be helpful. Also 75% of Americans are deficient. That means three out of four of you listening to this podcast may be deficient and that's where Melo magnesium comes in. It's a daily super blend that contains the three most bioavailable and nutrient-ense forms of key-laden magnesium and not to mention over 70 trace minerals. Full transparency, Ned shares all of its third party lab reports. So you know that the product that you are adjusting it has what it says it has. So if you are someone like one of the 75% of Americans who are magnesium deficient go to helloneed.com that's HELLO and ed.com slash doctor lion and they have amazing amazing small travel packs of this magnesium. Melo magnesium you will love it. And at some point I started noticing she had other histamine reactions. So I said why don't we try pepsid which is actually an antihistamine. The reason I even thought of pepsid is because I had seen a study. They studied 16 people out of who were inpatient and hospital and they found that 14 out of 16 of them had an 80% reduction in symptoms with the intervention of 80 milligrams of femodidine which is pepsid and I was so shocked because I was like what the heck does pepsid have to do with long COVID symptoms. Why would that make a difference and it's actually because pepsid is an antihistamine which most people don't know. And I think this is a little speculatory but I think because it works on the gut I noticed it helps with a lot of neurological symptoms for people and nervous like numbness, tingling, that zingy feeling because I think it's the vagus nerve impact. So it works even better than some of those each one receptor medication. So she took pepsid and it's been five years. She's never had a trouble sleeping since. Obviously she worked on the rest of her medication protocol with her doctor. Dietitians actually can recommend over the counter medications and we worked on that together and she is sleep. She is not said the word sleep to me in five years. So we heard. Yeah. That's wild. Someone listening to this and they wanted to take matters into their own hands. Obviously we always suggest we don't give medical advice here but this is for educational purposes only. You start a lot of your patients on pepsid that have this. Do you take them off of supplementation? I know that you use a lot. We both use a lot of electrolytes. Yes, absolutely. Tell me a little more and why what it is that we are using. So the first round for us is always those two things. Histamines, nervous system. The deal with histamines in the M.C.S is that you have to kind of radically drop those histamines down because if you're in that symptomatic state, your nervous system is going to be so active and it becomes this cyclical, um, a state of existence and unfortunately for people again Gabrielle, we're really talking about people who are mostly, many of them are unable to work because if they walk into an office where they recently use bleach, they're having a potentially as a medic reaction to it, right? They're having such a severe reaction to environmental triggers or having going out to dinner with friends and having something that's super healthy and ending up again violently ill. So in the beginning, I will often even as a dietation recommend over the counter medications, a combination of H1 receptor, medications like clarinet, ligorose, or tech and then probably a combination of pepsid as well. The question that's going to come up in your amazing medical community is, well, pepsid lower stomach acid and low stomach acid is a huge problem, Michelle. So in this population, it's interesting because they actually may have higher stomach acid because stomach acid and, um, mass cells releasing histamine, it's a direct relationship. Higher the stomach acid, higher the histamine release, higher the histamine release, higher the histamine release, higher the stomach acid, this all happens on the parietal cells. H2 receptors are very, again, there's this cycle that happens. So what you have to do in the beginning is whether it's over the counter medications or supplements like we use perilla extract, pea, quercetin, um, again, we can't use vitamin C in the beginning usually, but we will take people off of the supplements they're on most likely because we don't know what they're reacting to and we will just focus on supplements that will help the nervous system, mindset work that helps the nervous system and then also anything related to histamines to bring down that response. When you focus on their diet, is it mostly proteins? What kind of foods do you typically have in me? Yeah, fresh protein because leftover foods can also, again, the older food is, the more it can develop that histamine response. So fresh meats, many vegetables outside of the ones I named are fantastic, fruits usually are fine outside of those citrus and raspberries, unfortunately, and strawberries, um, but there's, and tomatoes as we talked about, but there's basically most whole foods, most carbon foods are low in histamines as well. So you can eat a whole foods diet. It's just being selected with those foods. So we will go on at probably an eight to 12 week low histamine diet. There's some research about low oxalate diets as well. I haven't seen as much for positive response. It's really hard because people can still have histamine issues while they're on the low histamine diet because I don't know they have an abusive partner, and that's the reason that their mass cells are activated, so it's hard to know the exact reason, but you can see some really tremendous symptom improvement from that low histamine diet, and it's still so essential to eat those whole foods during the time and very possible. Eight to 12 weeks on a low histamine diet, whole foods, taking some form of a typically an H2 blocker, and H1, a combination of H1, H2, yeah, H1, H2 blocker. That's one side of the equation. Is there something to directly work on the nervous system? Would that be meditation? Are there other, obviously you're probably, they're not seeing doctors and going on SSRIs, or how we stabilizing the nervous system? By the way, that's a really good point too because a lot of medications can cause drastic reactions, so it's really hard for people to find out which medications help are hurt as well. So when it comes to the nervous system and mass cells, I have this visual for mass cells, I almost, and I feel really silly saying it here, and I hope Shane doesn't. Think this is extra silly, but I kind of think of mass cells as the guards on the watch tower of a battle that just happened. They're kind of like looking to make sure they're witnessing the battle and then they're deploying resources after to help clean up the debris and also to prevent that from happening again. So the problem is that people with extremely uncomfortable and frightening symptoms get really scared when those symptoms happen, and this is what keeps mass cell activation going. It's really challenging for me to look at someone who's been sick with painful frightening symptoms that no doctors been able to help them with and say, I need you to become when these symptoms come up and I need you to find a way to be non-reactive to these symptoms. So there are actually brain retraining programs that help retrain our limbic system, which is our hypothernalymus, hypocampus, and amygdala, which will process our threat response memory and basically again is deeply integrated with this mass cell response. So it's really interesting because these brain retraining programs are one of the top ways to support MCAS, the Goop to Program, DNRS, Primal Trust, and it starts in the brain. So we often think, oh, maybe mass cell stabilizing medications like promo and sodium, ketatiphen, but in reality, starting in the brain is the most important thing. At home, I'm not asking people to meditate and do things like that, even though it's essential because the symptoms are so loud that sitting in them can be really challenging. So what I invite people to do is to just ask themselves questions and get really curious about their symptoms and just ask yourself, I have people just have their heart and say, what do I need? What do I need in this moment? And really, just at home, again, this is temporary. I know horrible. This is, I've personally experienced these symptoms to an extreme degree. So I understand, but anything we can do to become non-reactive really, really helps in the long-term treatment of these conditions and our mutual client. I had that it's a hard conversation to have because I'm like, it's not your fault that your nervous system is so reactive, but we have to find a way to feel safe again. And what is fascinating about it is this is not something where individuals are usually very reactive. And they're having these experiences in their body that are real and they are coming from white blood cells and other portions of the body that are really pushing up anxiety. I was reading one thing about migraines, they believe that massel activation seems to play a significant role in the pathophysiology of migraines. I'm bursting at the seams to talk about this. Yeah, go, burst. So one, one thing, one of the functions of histimines is to cause vasodilation, okay? The widening of our blood vessels. And this is you have such an intelligent audience. They're going to like, Michelle, please don't explain vasodilation to me. Okay, you know. So I want someone to think of a scenario where they've had this experience where they're in the shower and suddenly they feel really dizzy when they're in a hot shower and they look down, they see their legs are red and their heart rate is pounding. Why does this happen, right? So what's happening in that situation is that heat and histimines both cause vasodilation. So if our blood vessels are wide open, we're standing in the shower, it's steamy, our body standing up straight, gravity plus vasodilation will pull blood down and blood will pull down. So blood pulling is a big component of both massel activation syndrome and pots, pusherle or thestactic cardiocendrum. So when the blood pools and our feet and legs, you see it on the surface. That's the opening of those blood vessels. You see all that redness. And then what's happening is your heart and your brain don't have blood flow going to them. Now, of course, they have some blood flow going to them, but there's limited. So what happens is your body starts pounding, your heart to get the blood flow back up to your heart and your brain. The dizziness comes because you're not having blood flow to your brain and your heart starts to pound because it's not getting that blood flow. So in a histamine response, again, what you can see is blood that's pulling in your extremities dropping down because you're constantly having that vasodilation. All right, this is my big moment. Okay. Migraine medications are what? They're vasoconstrictors, right? We think of excédent migraine that has caffeine in it. We think of what helps people with migraines. There's this very popular trend that's happening online where it's like have a diacoke in front of us and like, don't. There's other ways. There's other ways. We think of electrolytes that help people with migraines. We think of cold compresses that help you with migraines. All of these have vasoconstrictive properties. Migraines we've known for a long time are a vasodilation issues and histamines are potent vasodilators. So I believe that the root cause of many people's migraines, there's many root cause of migraines can be histamine issues because of this vasodilative feature, which is, I think one of the roles of histamine that creates the most havoc in the body symptom wise. I have had many patients explain that scenario to me. Doc, I was in the shower and I don't know what happened, but I started red and lightheaded. How do we treat them in that moment? Is that a pre-treatment with H1 and H2 or is there a different way? What do you thought about? It's the exact right question. So this scenario is very common in people with this syndrome, Pusheryl or Thurotac orthostatic techiecardia syndrome, which we did not really get into and I'd love for you to talk about. Yeah, that'll take us into that because this is one way where those two are very related. I have a joke about pots, the way that we treat pots in conventional medicine is we kind of create a gogurt tube through your body. So we compress your stomach, we wear an abdominal binder, you squeeze it, it helps the blood flow go up. We wear compression socks, we kind of squeeze your body like a gogurt tube and just bring the blood flow back up, right? And you know this from all of your extensive years in practice and training, but if someone has like low blood pressure, you might have them put their legs up on the wall. Basically the goal is to get blood flowing back up. Now pots, we think of as maybe that's a cardiac condition, right? It has to do with how fast your heart rate is jumping when you make a postural change. When in reality pots is a form of disautonomia, wait a second, it's a nervous system disorder. It's a dysfunction of your autonomic nervous system. So that means that treating pots is not about treating your heart in most cases. There's different types of pots, three. One is hypovolemic pots, which is that you just have low blood volume. When you don't have enough blood volume, you don't have that pump and then you're again, your heart will start pounding faster. We often think of pots, we're like, why are people's parts pounding so much? They get put on, propanolol, metaprolyol, like anything that beta blockers to help bring the heart rate down and stabilize it. In the case of hypovolemic pots, the treatment is also to have not only this compression, but to have 10 grams of sodium per day additional. So we drink element, right? Elementy. That's one gram of sodium. We're talking about 10 element packets and again it's 10 hands, basal construction and increase that blood volume essentially and to help so that there is that blood flow and that blood volume will help to enhance the blood flow. The second type of pots is hyper adrenergic pots, which is you're having this hyper adrenelene response. These people do not have low blood volume necessarily. They're having an adrenelene response that is causing their heart rate to go really high. Very related to massel both of them. Again, in this feature of massal activation syndrome enhancing that vasodilation, causing leak-year blood vessels, pots and MCAS are connected right there and it's really important. And then adiopathic pots, which is there's actually some sort of blood vessel damage that's causing it. How long does it take to treat pots? Would you treat pots or MCAS first? Because they're almost as if soap pots is this downstream effect of MCAS. However, it seems that what I'm hearing you say is for the treatment of MCAS. Number one, regardless of what is causing it, you have to stabilize both histamine and nervous system. But histamine is kind of a catch-all term for the multiple other responses it could be. It could be prostate linens, it could be, it could be, it could try and it could be inflammation. It's the immune system. And then the also, you need to block the histamine symptoms on submoval because people are unable to work and live their lives. It's really excruciating. There was one study out of the University of College London that stated that those with long COVID, which if you ask me, I think it's a composite of MCAS and pots and almost every single scenario, had worse quality of life and morphity than those with stage four cancer and stage four cancer related to NMEAS. And it's because the symptoms are so drastic and so intense and no one knows how to help them essentially. So I think that if you have a pots issue and I've never seen someone with pots who doesn't have MCAS. I have to tell you it is such an honor to have beef sponsor this podcast episode. As you know, beef is more than a delicious, satisfying protein. It is a nutrient powerhouse that supports strength, energy, and vitality at every stage of life. It is packed with high quality protein, iron, zinc, b vitamins, and health promoting bioactive compounds like creatine. Beef is a whole food source that helps fill your body. And whether you are trying to build muscles, support metabolic health, or simply aim to feel your best beef delivers the nutrition to your body to thrive. Beef is what's for dinner.com is one of my go-to resources to gain valuable insight on how beef is raised, grown. You'll find recipes. I am so honored that they are helping to support this podcast and your journey to be for ever strong. The beef nutrition team at the NCBA is made up of dedicated nutrition scientists and registered dietitians who are passionate about sharing accurate science-based information. Go to beef is what's for dinner.com. But you said something Gabrielle, it's going to be Dr. Gabrielle line that is going to be so profound for people. You said pots is a downstream effect of MCAS. No one says that. Just so, you know, that's not common in the conversation. I believe that to be true. I have never seen a pot's client who doesn't have MCAS. So the question is how do we stabilize him histamine, to stabilize symptoms, and then with pots, you must recondition. You have to because it's blood flow. Right. That's a huge piece of it. And you have to have a tremendous amount of electrolytes and you have to hydrate really, really well. That brings us to exercise. How does that happen? How can we manage exercise dealing with pots or MCAS? And I've had patients with pots who probably have MCAS, but the major presenting symptom is this exercise intolerance and heart rate changes. Yes. And those symptoms, I don't think we can overstate how absolutely terrifying those symptoms are, by the way. It's not just like, oh, my heart is fluttering. People feel that they can't see. It's excruciatingly anxiety inducing and the anxiety around pots, especially hyper-agernergic pots. You have this, it's like a, I can only describe it as a very full body anxiety where you feel like there's ants crawling onto your skin and you're at it. Oh, woohoo! If I had to, oh, you're a personal story. You have had absolutely pots, MCAS, hyper-movability and long-quiet. We should talk about the connection between hyper-movability and MCAS, but after you finish telling us how we are going to exercise because this crew, they want to train. Hey, that's nice. Yeah. And it's the most devastating for this crew because, first of all, being unable to exercise doesn't make exercise less healthy for us. So it's like we know the information, you have, you have told us this information, yourself, you've devoted your life to telling us this information and it doesn't change the information. It just means that we might have to build our tolerance to it. You know, I've had so many clients Gabrielle, were there at the point where they can't walk 10 steps. So what do you have to do? What do they do when they walk 10 steps? They just feel out of breath or something. So dizzy that they might actually faint. Some that pots, there's a huge fainting component to many, not every single person has that symptom. Their heart rate is so rapid, again, that they could immediately have this feeling when they stand up. So dizzy, the heart pounding so profound. It just basically pulls you back to sit down and those episodes from just standing up once can leave you with that anxiety and that adrenaline response for days. So it really makes people feel so frightened and it's actually with mass elevation syndrome. You can also have pretty profound exercise intolerance and they would actually get full body rashes and then what feels like a flu basically. So the answer is how do we tie trade it specifically? Something else that's very, very important with pots is something called upper cervical instability, which happens in hypermobility that I know we're going to talk about. But really with pots, it's about protecting your neck because if there are, if there's any instability in your neck, all the nerves that control your heart rate are in your neck, right? We talk about the biggest nerve all the time. In ways of digestion and ways of anxiety, but think about the fact that these nerves are going to control that heart response and it's nervous system condition. It's a nerve condition, right? So it's really important. There's actually a type of exercise protocol called the chop Levine protocol. It's a free PDF they have online. It was developed for people with pots to increase their exercise tolerance. All of the workouts are very specific to not be, you're not doing standing up exercise to start with, right? You might be doing more combat because you don't want that blood flow dropping down, not getting the blood flow back up to your heart and then also the really mindful neck as well. Is there one modality of exercise when I say one modality? Is it easier to tolerate resistance type training than it would be walking or cardiovascular activity? So excellent question. I think it depends on a person. I think people can probably tolerate low weight resistance training easier than cardiovascular to start with. It would make sense because, again, we share a few patients together and when those patients do a lot of walking with weights, they feel terrible. And these are regular exercises. Typically, we have a handful of patients who have had long COVID and that seems to be their response. If we don't tie trade, it really really slow. How fast do you think, and again, I understand that this is individual, how fast do you think someone could tie trade up movement? It really depends on the person. It depends on their exercise capacity before and it depends on how much can you control those histamines, honestly. What about the hyper mobility part? You mentioned earlier that there is a connective tissue potentially bone joint involvement in this. Talk to me about that. So our connective tissue lines, all of our joints, bones, and organs in our blood vessels, most importantly too, which is what will come into play with how pots and hyper mobility are related. Hyper mobility, as I'm talking about, it is probably a collection of conditions that are connective tissue disorders called Ellers Danlos Syndrome EDS. I have HEDS hyper mobile Ellers Danlos Syndrome. Ellers Danlos Syndrome. What did you just say you have? Yeah, I sure do. I, exactly. I remember do you remember when you called me and you were like, I would be like, do you remember you won't believe it? Can you just share because this really plays into this Ellers Danlos? Absolutely. And just share a little bit about what you were going through. Yes, absolutely. So I had moved to, so, it's so embarrassing, Lime for me. I had moved to New Jersey from Manhattan, but I was right over the bridge, but I needed a car. Basically when I got there, I had gone through a mold detox in my apartment in Manhattan. I moved to New Jersey because I had such a severe and profound mold. I mean, there was mold. It was such a good apartment. Otherwise it was very hard. You did not want to leave. How long were you there? I was there for two years. So I was not planning to leave and then I walked into my bedroom of that apartment and I saw my husband. It was like the movie interstellar. He was coughing up along and I'm like, are we in a dust storm in here? I'm like, we have to leave this apartment. Like, I know I have weird reactions and I was having symptoms that were again, dizziness. I was like, maybe this is a thyroid thing. I was like, oh, you know, I have having gut conditions. I'm going to get a GI map. Let me see what's going on. Nothing was really showing up. I was like, oh, now I know what's mold related. So I went on a mold detox in that apartment. It was like the sickest ever was in my life. And I just, I mean, herks reaction, those symptoms where you feel like your body is going through such, you're in a flu state, dizziness, anxiety, and samya. So I left that apartment and when I moved, I had to start driving and when I started driving, I started getting a lot of dizziness when I was driving and I was like, I thought these symptoms were gone. I then had COVID again and then I went to a chiropractor and the chiropractor did an adjustment and he said, oh my, you know, I've never felt a neck this tight in my life. So I took this like metal tool and chiropractor's for less than ever. I'm like, I know the name of the tool. I don't, I'm sorry. Doug into my neck did not assess me for hypermobility and basically on a very small level, loosened the joints in my neck. I walked out of there and I actually don't mean I walked. I crawled out of that appointment and I crawled directly to the ER. I could not stand up without my heart going up to 160. I mean I was sitting. It was 80, 160 within one second. I crawled. I was on the phone with my sister crawling on the cement in an urban place crawling to the ER. I said, what just happened to me? It took me a long time to understand how mass elevation syndrome and because I kind of knew there was a histamine thing. I kind of knew that something was going on but to pull this all together. Wait, it was this when you, I think I wanted you to come to something and you were going to come, you weren't sure because I was going to. And then you were wearing a neck brace was this during that time. Do you know that I would risk my life to do a talk with you by the way? So this is the funniest thing. You were doing, we were, it was for your book. We did a Q&A for your book and you invited me and I was one of the biggest, like the biggest joys of my life and I was like, all right Gabrielle, I cannot fly to come to you but I will, I will film him and hand. You will film there. I came in an act race. My tolerance for even sitting up because my, the hyper mobility situation was so rough. And again, he had the car park to have loosened all the joints in my neck. My nerves were so inflamed from that and your brain has to send the signal to your heart to pump. That's what I think people don't understand about pots. It's not a heart condition. It's a brain condition. Your brain says sun blood flow here, activate this muscle, do this. In hyper mobility, which is a connective tissue disorder, that relationship is not there. And we also don't have the structural support because connective tissue holds us up and it gives that structural support. So if you don't have proper connective tissue development and someone goes like this with your neck, what's holding your neck up? So I went to that, I went to that Q&A with you and in between takes, I would take off my net brace, I was like, we can show people the video. I was like, this is like, tell me about forever strong. You're like a job, but we didn't use it. We did not end up using that. Yeah, but you didn't know you had elders down low. And I want to talk a little bit about it's a group, it's a genetic disorder and it's mixed connective tissue. Is it uncommon? I think they're degrees to it. So the amount of women who are hyper mobile, but you can be hyper mobile and just have basically just different joints in your body or have mobile, but not have elders down low. The numbers are over 60% I believe of women are hyper mobile. So hyper mobility is not necessarily a connective tissue disorder. The rates of hyper mobility are very high though and people also need to work out differently when they're hyper mobile, which many amazing chiropractors, personal trainers, no. And I actually have a personal trainer who specifically works with hyper mobility, shout out to Taylor Goldberg, she's the best. And, shout out to Taylor Goldberg, you know, you've got Michelle Shapiro, I said Michelle, do you want to come train with us this morning? She goes, oh no, I am going to stay at the hotel gym and I'm going to lift my 15 pounds. Exactly. Yeah. And Taylor tells me what to do. She's one of the people I let bully me besides you. Taylor, you fired. Okay, well, I guess you also threatened me and said to go in the ice pond. I'm like, you got to give me a break. Oh yeah, I am really actually glad. Oh yeah. We brought that up. I do want to talk about other modalities. First, something to write this down ice plunge. Yes. And for it's on a way to talk about this. Yes. How can someone assess for L.R. Stamels? And what is the relationship between L.R. Stamels and the association with M.C.S? Yes. So, L.R. Stamels syndrome, there's 13 different types of EDS. Hyper mobile EDS is one of them. Their genetic tests for almost every other type of EDS besides hyper mobile, that's done through assessment. Basically, there's some genetic markers that lean towards it like coal 5A1. There's some that we know. There's one type of L.R. Stamels syndrome that's really important for us to talk about because it requires additional testing. And that's vascular EDS, which means that again, your blood vessels can become leaky. And this is, if someone has vascular EDS, they could die in pregnancy. It's a profoundly important thing that we any one who has L.R. Stamels syndrome gets in Echo Cardio Graham. Now, on EKG, an Echo Cardio Graham because you have to make sure that there's not going to be, you know, even like a rupture of those blood vessels. So, just understanding how important our connective tissue is. There's assessments that can be done and also genetic diagnostic features for EDS as well. So, if our mass cells live in our connective tissue and you have taught us this more than anyone, Dr. J is our connective tissue, like our muscle is endocrine facing. It's immune facing. It doesn't just sit there. And if we don't have the structural support from connective tissue and if there's connective tissue dysfunction and our mass cells live in our connective tissue, there's going to be communication errors that happen. And that is going to activate mass cells. And the same thing with pots, you have constant mass elevation syndrome that can lead to leaky blood vessels as well with the constant inflammation and the vasodilation pushing outwards. And then you have this kind of cluster of what we call the triad, which is symptoms from any direction. Now, hydration isn't just about drinking coaxero or sugar free red bull. I'm saying number a friend or even drinking just more water. It's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes on fluids during life's most demanding season that matters even more than ever. So, for example, if you are pregnant or postpartum, your body is going through massive changes. Blood volume, hormone shifts, breastfeeding demand, I don't know, crying kids, all of it. And this is a place where you need electrolytes, like sodium, magnesium, potassium, element was formulated to replenish what you actually use without sugar, fillers, or junk. It's a clean, effective way to stay hydrated. For example, through pregnancy, postpartum and for men, hey, this isn't just for ladies. It's not just about hydration. It is about performance, recovery, mental clarity, and yes, energy, whether you are hitting the gym, chasing your kids or grinding through another workday, dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus. Element helps you stay sharp, strong, and ready. We use element because it works and it tastes great. You can get a free sample back with any purchase. That's eight flavors, go to drink DRINK LMNT.com slash Dr. Lyon. That's drink LMNT.com slash Dr. Lyon. Stay hydrated, stay strong. The biggest challenge is, well, are you having a hypermobile? Symptom day, or are you having a mass cell symptom day? Because there's different symptoms for each one of these. So it can be challenging, but I know my client's body so well, or I'm like, all right, it's a hypermobile day. I stop, and something I need to mention because it's your podcast of all people is that one of the most important things we can do as hypermobile people is build muscle. Because we do not have the structural stability from our connective tissue. Some things got to hold us together. Right? Muscle will put those bricks. Those building blocks in your body to hold you together and get that proper blood flow. Because there's the severance of this brain blood flow connection that happens in hypermobility and you have to have muscle to re-establish it and to structurally hold you together. It is the only, like, it is the most important thing we can do. What I'm hearing you say is that muscle is the organ of longevity. Yeah. The most important structure in our body. I really have to say it. It absolutely is and it's 100% the thing we can control. It helps with pots. It helps with hypermobility. And because it has this anti-inflammatory effect, it also helps with MCAS. This makes me think about a sport injury. For example, I'm not sure the amount of muscles that live in any portion of the tissue. For example, in your connective tissue, your tendons. Do they live in tendons and ligaments as well? Just connective tissue. Just connective tissue. If someone injures their connective tissue in some kind of sporting injury, would that cause a cascade of muscle activation? 100%. Absolutely. Yes, especially because it's in your joints too. And there's, you know, there's kind of this echo reaction that happens. Our entire body is so intricately connected. We like to think that if we have anxiety, it's in our head. We like to think if we have an injury in our leg. There's systemic communication between injury and also injuries going to simulate your immune system as well. So absolutely. The sauna and cold plunge, I've been trying to get you to do that. I use those all the time. The mass health activation, obviously, there's different phenotypes for lack of a better word, whether you are a muscle activation with small intestinal bacteria overgrowth, whether you have pots and muscle activation or you have L or Stanlaus and Mass Activation, are there adjunct therapies that are more beneficial for one group than the other? Absolutely. I think cold therapy in ways of cold compresses on your neck is really powerful for pots, again, like vagus nerve support. So we talked about step one and step two with MCAS. What do we do? Stabilized histamine, stabilize the nervous system? Well, what's the rest? What do we get to what fund do we get to have after? Once you have your immune system and your nervous system stabilized, that's when you get to have fun. Because that's when you can say, let's go for a moldy tox. Let's use infrared sauna. That's how you're defining fun. We can't wait a second. That's how you define fun. Are you kidding me? I can't hear the visit your family. I was rocking. But for you, more intense exercise is fun and it's true because then you can start to dig at the root cause after. So you can do all of those root cause things. It just takes more time. You have to stabilize first. So infrared is tremendously supportive from a detoxification perspective, from a nervous system perspective. In you know, innumerable ways that Dr. Lexus Cowan had told us about so many times, but it really can be so helpful for those with MCAS and it can be really soothing for people as well. But infrared is a huge bucket filler for MCAS in the beginning. So when you are still stabilizing customers or stabilizing your nervous system, we cannot push detoxification and we cannot push heat changes because much like exercise intolerance, heat intolerance and cold intolerance and temperature changes can can trigger these symptoms. Okay, I cannot validate some of these items on here, but I want to talk about them. Okay, and that is a histamine estrogen connection. Women with histamine issues from what I'm reading often feel sick, days 6 to 11 days 19 to 21 rather than when they have menstruation in its own. Is this validated? Yes. Okay, yes. Totally validated. histamine estrogen have a direct relationship. It's a well known and well-established relationship. So when you have clients coming to you, any of us have clients coming to us with regular PMS symptoms, PMDD, there's a very targeted window that we assume that symptoms are going to happen. They're going to happen the week before someone's period comes. In those with histamine issues or pots, their symptoms generally start about day 7 of their cycle. It could even be as early as day 6 and then up until ovulation. So when estrogen starts getting released, that's when the histamine reaction starts. So it's not even at the peak necessarily that people experience it, but on the way to ovulation. And then there's a second estrogen spike in the middle of our luteal phase and people will notice around 19 to 21, another set of histamine symptoms. This was one of the hardest things personally for me to figure out. I was on reddit. Like, why feel sick when period end? Like, what where are you getting that information? Like, to establish this connection and it's so exciting for me to talk about because just knowing information about histamines can be healing. And that's not the same for leaky god. That's not the same for other conditions. Understanding, okay, I need to maybe slow it down in ways of like my vinegar and take during days, you know, 6 to 14 and just be mindful of that or I need to take my anti histamines on those days. Because you can then understand what is going on your body. Imagine just feel really weird every day 7 of your cycle. Like, no, everyone's like, what is this? So it's a clear and established connection. And it gives people a lot of relief to understand why their body might be operating on a different system. Another thing that I'm reading here is that increase in estrogen increases histamine release. What about those on, for example, an estrogen patch? I have, but in our practice, it's strong medical. I have very rarely seen patients go on an estrogen patch and say they feel maybe they don't notice it. Is there, is this truth? Is something that you see, but they're also on a progesterone. We never give unopposed estrogen and maybe it's the progesterone that helps regulate it. The ratio is important as well of estrogen to progesterone. So I would say in all of my clients who are on HRT and have Mcast, they do notice a reaction with estrogen. They also notice reaction with progesterone, even though progesterone is actually massel stabilizing. It can create issues because progesterone causes laxity in our joints. So that can cause hypermobile symptoms for people. So it's like a catch-22 a little bit. However, if someone needs hormone replacement therapy, we have to find a way to reduce the symptomology to have them tolerate the medication that's essential for them. Do you find similar symptoms? For example, someone who is using an estrogen patch and the subsequent histamine release? Yes, I do. What do you think? So it's the same reaction. Whatever their, I say, massels show you the symptom you want the least. For me, I hate insomnia, I hate dizziness. So that's I might find it funny. My nervous system gets reactive, versus someone else. They hate having cold symptoms or a rash that scares them. It's like histamines will get your attention in the way they need to. So depending on what your symptoms are, digestive, nervous system, urinary, rashes, or otherwise, that's what will show up for you and your flare state. Also, reflexes not just systemic issue. Often a histereen response. Absolutely. Would that happen in general or just after being perboiled, meaning after they ingest something? So it can be that you just have this hyper activation and this, the parietal cells releasing too much stomach acid and being signaled again because they each to receptor. So it can be that someone with mass-altivation syndrome just has a lot of acid reflux and this is a really little hack. Is that baking soda both stabilizes mass cells and helps with acid reflux. It's like a really aethy-thed-tee-spoon-in-water, like little hack that people can do, especially if they don't tolerate the repapsed. But I don't use pepsid for acid reflux, by the way. I use it for histamine issues, which is really funny because that's how people usually think of it. Thank you. You use baking soda for acid reflux? Yeah, exactly. It's like totally flipped, exactly. And we will say a taste disgusting. It's horrible, it's salty. It's not salty in a fun element way. It's like a salty in a bad way. Yeah, it's bad. Not that I taste armpits, but I will say. And there's also tri-salt which can be really helpful for people as well. But a lot of reflux, what I'm focusing on is how do we soothe? So it might be slippery, or marshmallow root, herbs that can be supportive. But a lot of the reducing the inflammatory histamine response is also just about reducing that inflammation, not only reducing the acid output. Are there supplements that could be beneficial, meaning fish oil, or other items that seem to taper it, that we haven't really talked about? For Hits for MCAS specifica? Yeah, I think Resvera Troll is incredible. Quaracetan, Perilla Extract, PEA. So I think most people with histamine issues have a major omega-3 issue, but most do not tolerate fish oil. Still too reactive. They take it and then they might get itchy or whatever their histamine reaction is. And also people with, because in Elers, Danlos syndrome, you're going to have junctions and joints and flaps that are going to move slower. Your digestive tract is going to move slower. Things are looser along the way. You're going to have a different slew of digestive issues. So a lot of people who take fish oil may experience bile reflux and reflux as it's harder to digest things. Really interestingly, a feature of digestion that actually links pots and hypermovility together is that people feel really dizzy after they eat when they have pots. And this because blood pools in your digestion away from your brain. So I will have people literally wear a little abdominal binder like an asepandage around their waist when they're eating and the dizziness goes away. That, I mean, I don't think I've ever heard that before, but it makes sense is an individual hopeful for a full recovery? Or is this something that they live with always? If you are not hopeful for a full recovery, you're not going to recover in my opinion. So absolutely, I would say that like for myself for instance, I took an antihistime because I've got an airplane to come down here with who. Other than that, I go months without taking them. I can eat every food except for pickles. I can exercise in my way. Dr. Gabriel Exactly. But absolutely. And I think the language around all this is that you can never, these are mass-ultivation syndrome and pots or syndromes, right? They are not intended to necessarily be lifelong conditions. Is it something that people may have to manage? Yes, do I have hope for almost every single person that they can live a life without having to think about it? And kind of live a life that's really customary cares, then? Absolutely. And because our mass cells and our nervous system are so related and because pots is a condition of our nervous system, you must think like that. That is the number one difference between those who heal and those who don't, is they believe they can heal. I couldn't agree more. I typically, when we see patients, it's if those patients believe and it does sound, I don't want to say woo woo, but they're four years. I know. Something like that, but there is something in the inherent belief of a person who gets better. Your right versus a patient who doesn't. This is what makes these conditions so unique is that they are nervous system related disorder. So it's it is directly responsible for the symptoms you have. Now, how do I look at someone and say you have to find a way to not react to these symptoms? Because I'd say half of the symptoms we see are from the actual reaction itself and then half are from how our mental state reacts to those. You must find a way. So story about myself is that after that chiropractic incident, the insomnia was so profound, I could not move my head and inch and I more importantly could not sit up. So I was still seeing clients and I would prop myself up against the wall and I'm like, do you want to see me like this or you want to wait three weeks? And they're like, no, no, I'll take you like this. It's fine. I'm just going to keep seeing, I'm going to a talk in the city. Oh my god, the Uber to that talk. I wore a neck phrase, a back phrase. I held on. Basically any movement was triggering my heart rate to go up really high. Is that what someone with pots would experience? Yes. Some with pots and upper cervical instability combined. Basically, how long did it take you to get diagnosed? So with, I ran a genetic test for hypermobile, I'll understand those syndrome. And so yourself. You can get that even order them yourself online. But I had an ND and MD and I reviewed them. So pots? But I guess what I'm getting at is that's very forward thinking. I had to figure a lot of it out myself. It's hard. It's true. So Mcast, my serum histamine serum triptace were exceptionally high. And that was with a functional medicine doctor. And that was like four years ago. So that was the first hint. And they ran that and that really helped me to understand the connection. Potts and pots when I was in the ER and the doctor was, didn't even have to do a tilt table test. He was like, stand up again. Sit down again. And I said, I have no, I'm just telling you, my heart rate is normally very low. My blood pressure is normally very low. And I'm telling you that because this is abnormal. And that's really important when people go because often doctors will say, you have high blood pressure. That's what's going on here. You have high heart rate. And I was like, I need you to know this is a typical. But the doctor was like, stand up, sit down. And he was like, okay, you need to look into pots and you need to see someone for pots. And you went to the cardiologist. I went to an interventional cardiologist who is someone who can diagnose pots did the tilt table test and got that diagnosis. And then I ran the genetic testing and had it reviewed by an ND for L.A.S. Danlos syndrome. And all along the way was trying to figure this all out because I'm telling you it was me, a neck brace and read it. And I was like, why leave Cairo Praktor can't walk? Like, what? I was like, did he, did he sever something? Like, what had? It was so frightening. The anxiety was so excruciating. The symptoms were so intense all the time. And I just, I remember, I had to literally, it's so embarrassing. I don't care. But I had, it's like, I just, you know, me, I'll literally say anything. But I would, I had to lift myself up by my arms and push myself onto a computer chair to go to the bathroom because if I put my feet on the ground, my heart rate was 160. And that, I'm like, I don't want to do a three hour episode now where I feel sick for three hours. I'm going to throw up and dizzy and fainting and all of this. So I'm like, I would just lift myself up as long as my feet didn't touch the ground, wheel myself to the bathroom. And I remember there was one time I was in my neck brace looking in the mirror, just made it to the bathroom. And I just said, you know what, Michelle, I just, I don't think you're going to make it out of this. And then some other part of me was like, you better never say that again. Because if you're nervous system and your limbic system, believe that you're not going to heal, you truly, this is one of the only conditions where it is tangible that you won't heal. So you have to find that, I don't know that dog and you got to find that doctor Gabriel line and you, you got to find that Shane and you and you have to find a way to believe you can heal. And you know, I had a very serious conversation with the client the other day who she's bedbound with some dums. And she was talking about her health history. She was talking about the different co-infections she had. And I said, I love you so much. And I just heard you say, I felt good for a couple days, but it always happened like that. And it's not going to happen again. And I said, you can't even say that aloud. I said, your body is listening to you. Don't even think it. Don't even say it. It's that precious. And that important. The mindset, the resilience piece, which you, you've changed my life in so many ways in that department too. I mean, everyone's lives, but personally too, like you have to find that dog and you. I don't know what's that you have to find it. Well Michelle Shapiro, I'm so grateful that you came from, is it New Jersey now? It's so hard for I'm Queens, New York City. I just didn't know if we're calling it for it. We're not. But you are a wealth of information. And just, again, for those of you guys who don't know Michelle Shapiro, watch for her. She is a superstar. I have been telling her this and telling everybody I know for a really long time. And I believe that you are the person who watched. Thank you. You, you are the person I want. And that we all love. Thank you. I love you. I'm really going to take compliments. But that's okay. Michelle Shapiro, thank you again for really getting into the dark and dirty and shedding some light on MCAS, POTS, L. or Stamlers. You know, you've been through a lot. And I would say that those individuals are the best providers. Absolutely. Yeah, the word you use is right, shedding the light on it because the light, the information is the tool here. The knowledge is the tool and the resilience is the tool. I could talk about anti-Histamines, the low-Histamine diet, but you have to shine the light on yourself. And I'm telling anyone who's listening, who's dealing with, I don't care how far those symptoms are. There's always a way back from them. I have more hope for this community that I've ever had in my entire life. Well, I'll say, well, I'll say my friend. I love you so much. Thank you. Thanks for tuning in to another episode of the Dr. Gabrielle Lyon Show. Remember, healing is possible. It's about improving your baseline, regaining function and cultivating resilience. When equipped with education and the right approach, these conditions don't have to define your life. If today's episode resonated with you, please share it with someone who needs to hear it and don't forget to subscribe and leave a review. It helps us reach more people who need answers and hope. Until next time friends, stay strong, stay informed, and remember, you are in control of your own health.