If you were to say some of the biggest roadblocks, problems, mistakes that people make for the goal of losing body fat, what are your top three mistakes? Oh God, top three. Okay, I can give you top two. You want top five? Top three. Top three. That loss mistakes. One would be non-understanding what's really going into their body. We're going to side, let me just explain. So, I eat healthy. Well what do you eat? For practice I have three egg whites and I have a piece of toast. Okay. What do you have from lunch? I have a salad and a piece of fish. How big is a fish? This big. For dinner. What do you like? It's not like, even though they might be consuming foods that are nutritious, they are under calorie, they're under protein. So I think not understanding what's actually going into their body. That protein piece massive. They don't understand. They just think they're choosing good foods. They're grazing all day. They're eating little things like nuts. Oh, I nuts and fruit. I'm going to get nuts and fruit ten times. Your fat is probably over 100 grams and you weigh a hundred pounds. Because you're so full, you're not able to get enough protein in. Not understanding what's really going in your body. I think is a huge problem. That checks a lot of boxes. Resistance training. I think we got to prioritize this a little bit more. I want to burn fat. I'm just going to start with cardio. I'll get in the resistance training. I'm like, do both. I love cardio. I enjoy cardio. I just do. It's like the sweat, I like the mindlessness of it. I like the, you know, it's quick. It can be quick. But do that with your resistance training. If we have more muscle, ladies, I don't mean we're getting bigger. But when I train. I train right. But I train Blakely. I train Emily Blunt. I train Andy Hathaway. These are very feminine athletic physiques. They are strong women. And that is important. So understanding the importance of resistance training. But also coupling that with, with cardio, and the third. Third biggest fat loss mistake. So we had food. We had resistance training. Oh, God, you know what? It's got to be this. That, that, that rest component is so underlucked. I just, I think I'll call Paul check. It's the best fat burner in its free. I've had people who even crease sleep quality over weeks. And they've lost significance amount of fat loss. When you are under resting, you are not repairing your hormones and you're not repairing your body. And you're not going to have that energy. And your body is not going to move and burn. Really simple. Like so what do we just say? Nutrition, training, and rest and sleep. It's like those are the three things. That's on us, not cold plunges. If you get your training, you get your nutrition, and you get your rest and recovery to like 80% being really, really solid, like at least, you're going to see some pretty dramatic results. And I just think it's not that simple. Most people really underestimate rest and sleep. And it's in the data, actually, that individuals that are not sleeping, pulling night shifts, they're, like glucose is worse, blood pressure is worse, insulin. All of their metabolic markers seem to be worse. I've seen people put on significance amount of body fat who have private chefs who are training six days a week. And they're like, why am I getting weight? I'm like, you're sleeping three hours a night. Well, my doctor said that's like the rarity. And I'm the one that's adequate. I'm like, no, it's not. I mean, it disagree with your doctor. But this is not working for you. You need to train. Well, I can't go to bed early. You need to train sleep. Well, I'm not hungry for breakfast. Well, you got a train. You got a train to be hungry. When I say that, it's like starting incorporating some proteins, start getting some amino acids in your body early on. Maybe a piece of fruit will build that. Right, sleep. I sleep three hours a night. What time do you go to bed two in the morning? Can you make it 130? Yeah, I can't, how do I do that? Well, let's start winding down earlier. The next thing you know, John Abacoco, I could talk about him, getting a bed every night, three to four in the morning. Now it's 10, 11 at night. It's like, that is, how big is that? There's a reason why the guy's down 120 plus pounds. And we're going to lose another, you know, he's 491 pounds now. So our goals to get him down in that 250 range. He's got to have surgeries. He's got to have specific things. But getting his BMI down right now is something we have to do before we explore any of that stuff. So, yes, sleep, huge. Where do you think the industry is going? The fitness industry. Where do you think that there's any new training technology that you're, again, you've been in the fitness industry. You've seen really, I mean, you've been in it for 25 years. You've seen multiple iterations of different things. Yeah. I've been working with TechFour over God for as long as I've been in the business. I mean, readiness devices that weren't, you know, wearables. That were, I remember laying on a megawave and laying on a floor for three minutes with a head sensor, a chest strap, a palm sensor, like, you know, and having to keep your eyes closed and measuring, you know, HRV, you know, this was, I don't know how long ago. So, it's, I think we're as it going. I think our access to research is becoming better and better. I think the right research out there is becoming pretty awesome because it's pointing us in a direction to be able to make really good decisions. I think a lot of these readiness trackers and a lot of these tech pieces are getting better and better. And I think it's giving us information to be able to make good decisions. But I also think, you know, with a lot of this stuff, comes excuses. And well, the research says I don't need to do two sets. Well, that's a very good point. Yeah, it's starting to hear people say, oh, but resistance training, that's, I don't need to do that much. Yeah, like I only need a set and I'm like, well, yeah. I'm watching some of these biohackers now that, exactly. To be honest, like, they're not like, some of them are really impressive and some of them just aren't, they're like, they're coming in and they're posting their training. And they're like, well, I just did this on the light press. And I'm like, your range of emotions terrible. That might be a poor choice of exercise. And your intensity is not where you think it is for you to receive the benefits. Like, when you see someone do a max effort set, it's scary. Yeah. It's, I've been there. It's, it's not pleasant. I've squatted three, 15 for 30 on my back and almost had a brain aneurysm. Like, I had to land the floor for like a half an hour. Like, it's not something that most people, and I'm not saying that to be proud. That was a style of training that when you're going in a high intensity training, it is like someone's holding a gun to your head and they're like, you better get this right now or there's like, frightening stuff's gonna happen to you. So I think we take a lot of this research and I think we just, we kind of skew it and we make it into what we want to make it to be. And at the end of the day, you still got to work hard. You still got to put effort in. You still got to meal prep. You still got to get to bed early. It's, it's sometimes I'm watching a TV show and my wife has a joke with me. We never finished a show together. Because 839 of Clark County, I'm feeling I'm gonna bed. Look, what type of life is? I love my life. Like I have two beautiful kids, beautiful home. I live a great lifestyle. I could do what I want. I could work from where I want. And I'm building the businesses and I'm having a lot of fun doing it. So allowing me to go to bed early just means that I'm able to get up and I'm able to attack my day. So that's important to me. That's what I want to do. Do I have those nights where we go out? We party or we go out. We're out late. Yes, we do. Very once in a blue mood. Very once in a blue mood. And when I do it, I enjoy it. And I say, all right, you know what? Big deal, you'll catch up at a few days and you'll move on. And that's how I approach that stuff. But I think we're getting such good access. But I think people are forgetting the fact that you still gotta go in there and you still gotta put that work in. And it still needs to be challenging. And you know, if sometimes it gets frustrating and someone's been doing this as long as I have when someone starts every conversation, it's like, well, the research states and I'm like, okay, I get it. We're trying to make good decisions here. But this person needs just to get off the couch. This person just needs to move. Example, do I like spin bikes? They're fine. Do I like someone sitting down and training all the time? The answer is no, especially when that person's been in their desk 10 hours a day. Do I want them on a bike? No, if someone is gonna turn around say, I love spinning. It got me off the couch. I am in better shape. My blood's are better. My body composition's better. I feel better. I better sex drive. I sleep better. Yada, yada, yada. Am I gonna turn around and say, I don't like spin. I'm just like, great. I said, but can we do things to kind of compliment you being in this position? Yeah. Can we do things to maybe open you up a little bit? Can we focus on getting those glutes to get a little stronger? Can we focus on that thoracic extension, that thoracic rotation, that shoulder mobility? These things that maybe five, six days a week are gonna destroy you at being able to do. That's where as a coach, I'm gonna come in. I'm gonna assess the individual and I'm gonna help them become great at what they love to do. You, again, I've actually trained for many years. Yep. How important I'm always seeing you do something different. You're always adding in something different or trying a new fun movement or something. It's not fluffy, but it's fun. I like doing different things. I really challenge again. I've trained with you whether it's a rotation slam, broad jump, all these other things. How important is it for new skill acquisition? Like newbies are just developing new skill. For example, my training age is like 300, not just getting. So if you've had your great shape, you're a great shape. I don't believe them.