Welcome to the Dr. Gabriel Lineshow. In this episode, I sit down with Dr. Madeline Novich, a PhD in criminal justice and a professor at the Manhattan College. In this episode, we talk all about an elite identity. What does it mean and how you can have one? What are the components of an elite identity? And I give you actionable items for you to implement immediately into your life. As always, if you enjoy this episode, take a moment to rate, subscribe, share with a friend. Remember, as you'll learn in this podcast, it's all about community. And you should have yours. That's exactly why I created the forever strong community. You can find information all about this on the website, Dr. GabrielLine.com. Now, without a moment to lose, let's dive into the episode. Dr. Madeline Novich, welcome to the podcast. Not only are you a PhD a professor in criminology, but you're also my sister. Hi. Thank you for having me. Welcome to the podcast. I'm very excited to be here. Before we get into what it means to have an elite identity, tell us a little bit about your background. Well, I am a criminal justice professor in New York City. I teach M&M college. I am also a mom of three, and I live in New York City. It really quite incredible. You also did your undergraduate at Penn. I did my undergraduate and masters at Penn. That's right. I majored in Chinese and political science, and my masters is in criminology. And then went on for a fully funded bride to read career school of criminal justice. Really extraordinary. And you're also very well published. I am. I have a number of publications on policing and their interactions with communities of color. And I've done a lot of work in this space. Yes. And today, we're going to talk about a lot of things. Yes. I really wanted to bring you on for a number of reasons. Number one, because you're brilliant, capable and extraordinary in many ways. The listener is going to get a lot of value. The listener and the viewer is going to get really a lot of value. We're going to talk about something called, as you mentioned, in an identity. And one of the things that we are going to discuss is, how to be successful in this idea of having different identities. And this is going to tie into some of your work. So please help us out. Okay. So yes, I've done a little bit of work on how we navigate different identities. We, as people, have identities in terms of personal identity. We have a relationship identity who we are in relation to other people. And who we are as a collective identity. But we really want to be successful in these different concentric circles, right, in our professional life, in our familiar life, in our personal life. And it can be really overwhelming to have these different identities if we don't really hone them. And how just for the sake of the conversation, how are we going to identify and define identity? Well, I think we can define and identify identity by looking at the three different types of identity. We have this personal identity, which is attributes that we identify as elements of our personality, our race, our gender. We can have relational identity who we define ourselves in relation to our people around us, like where mothers and where fathers and our collective identity, who we identify as part of larger groups, the military or sports teams. So I think that can serve as a premise of our conversation. And when we think about, you know, everybody listening, and I think everybody for the most part wants to really be the best version of themselves. And in order to get there, we have to put in a framework for thinking about things and a framework for taking action. Absolutely. And that's why I really loved this conversation of identity. Personal identity, relational identity, and collective identity. And the transitions that we all go through, absolutely. There's life transitions going from being a medical student to a doctor or a resident and an doctor, obviously they're both the same thing, from being a military member to the civilian civilian. Yeah. Being a non-parent to then a parent. Absolutely going from unemployed or from college to employed. So we are making identities shifts all over the time. And it can be very challenging to know how to best navigate those new spaces. And I would say that if you don't, those are really the points of weakness. If you're unable to navigate these transition points, then these are the times where people really go off track. Absolutely. And it's easy to, right? It's easy to not put in best practices because when you don't necessarily know what they are, luckily there's research and evidence to support some of these decisions. But also I think it's really important that it's never too late to change your best practices. And I think as a criminal justice professor or something that we learn as we see the age crime curve, people sort of maximize or commit their most amount of crime before the age of 25. Because as research has shown, your prefrontal cortex and your make the lid don't finish developing them. And what's interesting is that's what's involved in decision making and impulse control. Right? And so like it's very easy to get off track when your impulse control and your ability to make really good decisions just hasn't been fully formed yet. So like it's not your fault, right? So if you're coming at this and you're like, I'm late to game. It's not your fault. They promise. That that's really enlightening. The brain is so most crimes happen early on. Well, it's not that most crimes are happened early on. It's just the bulk of offending or the vast majority of offenders will do so before their the age of 25. Why? Because of this prefrontal cortex, the ability for the amygdala to finish forming for that impulse control. So you know, crime takes a variety of different forms. Of course, you know, you have drug related crime, you have addiction driven crime, you have all these different kinds of crime. And it's very interesting to watch a person who's involved in crime, their trajectory really caps out often if they're what's called an adolescent limited meaning it's really limited to their adolescents than they stop offending because they're bringing finishes forming and also other life events, right? They get married. They go through these identity shifts. They go back to college or they, you know, they go any number of places they could be incarcerated right? Big life changes happen and all of a sudden their opportunity or their decision to engage and crime goes down. Is there on the flip side? And I know that you speak and write about criminology and policing. Do you think that there's a positive flip side for these identity changes? 100%. I think that when we, you know, I think it's important that we base our identity, sort of in this health and wellness, right? I think that's part of it too. Is that people can come from a place of unhappiness or big life changes and really lose their way and it can be very challenging. But to refocus these positive mechanisms and really come back to good decision making and a good development of an identity is so critical. And, you know, I think we can both agree that this elite identity, one that is successful in a different spaces and different changes is going to be one that's based in health and strength, both physically and mentally. And it's like, how do we get there? Tell me how, do you have the answer? I would like to know, how do we become elites in our identity from a personal perspective? So, you know, I don't have all the answers. You have a lot, you're a mammoth tree. I am a sister and I usually call you for everything so. Well, I think we can look at the way that we transition from, you know, motherhood I think is a really interesting transition, right? To go from a non-mother or non-parent to a mother and trying to navigate this new space and this new identity. And I think this is an interesting way because we do get lost. I think mothers, particularly, can get lost in the, you know, the new demands, the lack of sleep, the energy loss. So, I mean, I do have some ideas, but I don't want to hear them. I can't wait to hear them. Again, we both agree that the baseline of an elite identity is both grounded in strength and health and wellness, which is exactly why I wanted to bring you on for a number of reasons. But especially as we begin to think about these three primary areas of life, we talk about family, which is arguably the most important. And it's very easy when we get wrapped up into an identity as I'm an entrepreneur or I'm a professor or I'm a professional and one would, I think that that then challenges the family dynamic and this family identity. You had put some statistics in here as we were pre-propping for the podcast, 69% of Americans, have kids, 15% don't have kids, but want and a large proportion of the people have kids. So, there's a lot of people that are going to go through this identity shift from a singular person as you point out to a mother or caretaker or a father or caretaker. Absolutely. And I think these are huge transitional changes. As we look at someone who's going from only worrying about themselves, you're thinking about themselves and parenthood is this what we call this relational identity. They are now defining themselves who they are in relation to somebody else. And it's their child often, right? And it is enormous amount of change. And I think we, you know, you, you, you, you want to have both parents. You have two kids. I have three kids. You know, what challenges did you face as a mother? This episode is brought to you by Maui, Newy, Venison. Maui, Newy, Venison is one of the best, finest tasting red meats on the planet. Maui, Newy, Venison is a mission-based food company. We love it. My kids love it, especially their little jerkeys. By the way, not only do they use them as swords, but as snacks and listen. That is a hard sell. Getting your kids to eat healthy, Maui, Newy, Venison does an amazing job. It is high in protein and low in fat, which again, depending on your macros, is amazing. And high in B vitamins, iron, all of the micronutrients, vitamins and minerals that we need. Not only that, you don't have to go anywhere. It will come straight to your door. That's right. Go to Maui, Newy, Venison.com. For your first order, you will get 20% off. Amazing. Who doesn't like to save money. And the product is extraordinary. Go to Maui, Newy, Venison.com slash lion or not that kind, LY-O-N. And try it. You will love it. All right. Do you want to know what I drink in the morning that is a little bit salty and gives me a huge pick me up? Well, I'm going to tell you. And that is element, chocolate element that's LMNT in my coffee. I brew a black cup of coffee with a shot of espresso and then I put a scoop of collagen and a little bit of MCT oil in it. And one fourth packet of element chocolate. Sometimes I use chocolate mince. I've also saved chocolate caramel. It's kind of this like chocolatey caramel. Amazing. So I get my caffeine. I get some collagen for, of course, here's going to nails. And I get electrolytes in my coffee. Sodium, potassium, magnesium, all amazing. I have now created my own supercharged drink, which you can to. And by the way, this is a different way to take element. That's a little packet of electrolytes. If you get headaches, maybe you get headaches with your caffeine because you dehydrate yourself or maybe you get headaches because you sweat a lot while training or maybe you just live in Texas where it's hot. And so you definitely sweat a lot. You definitely get headaches. And this is why I love to add electrolytes to what I'm drinking. And it can be coffee, it can be water. lately it's been coffee and it tastes amazing. You can get yours at drink element. That's drinklmnt.com. You'll get a free sample pack when you use the code a doctor lion. And by the way, if you don't like it, it's totally risk free. You'll get your money back. No questions asked. I love this stuff. You will too. Back to the show. My question to you is you are a professor. A mother of three, your husband is in tech. He's working all kinds of hours. What give us an example of the challenges that you have faced? I think I have faced a huge change in how I spend my time. Right? I used to wake up and have my caffeine. It was very leisurely. I'd get dressed. I'd go to work. My mornings now are you wake up. You have one hour to get three kids dressed. Get them to school, feed them, pack their back packs. You are just, there is so much going on now all the time. My afters work. I pick my kids up. I take them to the park. I take them to gymnastics. My time is no longer my own. And so I think part of this identity, it's very easy to get lost in this identity of you all. You hear that all the time? Yes, absolutely. Apparently a parent or a mom and I'm more than a mom. You see women really struggle with this. Yes, and this is something the first thing to go is the time for themselves because they're giving their time away. So a question I always get is like, when do you have time to work out or when do you have time to cook meals? Because you are exhausted and you are depleted and you don't have that time anymore. And so I think when we want to think about action items, about how we empower caretakers and mothers to reclaim that time for themselves, I think it's really interesting. Actually, can I talk a little bit about some research I did? I can't wait. So I actually published a research article like co-authored called Strategies for Balance how parents of color navigate the work in life in the academy. And really what we found is that the mother specifically have different demands on them. So we know that men become parents and fathers and women become mothers. But we know those both result in a number of changes. And life changes, challenges, taking time and all of these things. But we have to account that these life changes are not the same across all the genders. And the women do face actually increasingly more or more difficult challenges when it comes to navigating this like work life balance. And I think what's really profound is in the study that I conducted that mothers more so far more so than their male counterparts the fathers expressed the guilt, the guilt of leaving their children going to work. And so instead of going to say professional networking activities after work, they would go home. And so you see them being systematically excluded from these professional building elements. And so when we think about identity, right, we think about the mother, how we can be successful as mothers, how we can be successful as professionals, how we can be successful in our personal life. And so we have our systematically disadvantaged in part by this guilt that they feel in part of the demands, right, the demands on the children to the mothers to the fathers are different. I don't know about your house behind us, but my kids are always asking for me. Like daddy will literally be on the couch next to all three of my children. I will be downstairs in my bedroom and they will come down and ask me for the glass and water, right? And that's just an example. So I think it's important to understand that there are gender differences and how we can best support people as they navigate that. And are there other challenges that you have faced? There's the time, the boundary challenges. Did you experience that? 100%. Right? I give a lot to my kid into a point where it's very hard to see when I need to take time for myself. And so I don't take time for myself or I didn't for a very long time. Is it guilt or you just don't want to miss a moment? I know you, obviously, as my sister and I also know you as a mother. And one of the things that you do so well is you're very much always living in the moment. I don't like to miss out on things. I have foam on. I have foam all the time, right? I don't want to miss out on that. She's called her kids at least 27 and half times in the last hour. All kidding aside. I think it's part of it as I don't want to miss out. I definitely experience some of the guilt and also becomes pattern after three kids. I've been a mother for 10 years. I don't remember when it's my turn. I don't think to take my turn. And of course there's logistical challenges of getting child care, the appropriate child care. And you know, it just sometimes it's easier to just keep in the moment than it is to set up the things that I know I need. In your, in the study that you looked at, do you find, again, if women are a system radically being deselected or self-diselecting from things like networking events, from things like education to going to conferences because they are the primary caretaker, how does that in an overall pattern affect the workplace, the women in terms of growing their careers? Have you thought about that? Was that one of the pieces in the study? Absolutely. Well, you can imagine if you are systematically excluded from networking, you're not going to meet researchers, right? In my academic field, collaboration is huge. You want to meet other people who are working on interesting things and to do collaborative studies and research. If you don't have the time to go to the conferences and to the workshops, right, we have these multi-week workshops for academics, but it's very hard for mothers, especially if they're recently, new mothers, right, if they're still nursing, like you can imagine those kinds of innate physical barriers, but also the guilt keeps them home. Why do you think that, do you think the guilt is something that's taught or is it something, do you think there's a biological mechanism in place could be? I think there's certainly, that's possible, but I also think we have a culture that, you know, we still put women in the home, right? Or it's very unusual to see the female be the primary breadwinner stall. And I think that that is a narrative shift that should happen. What do you think are some of the solutions to that? Such a good question. If I'm a study on that, I don't have a study on that, but I do think that there are number of strategies that people can take to really elevate their elite identity. And one I think is you need to make time to prioritize yourself. And this is really important. And we need to shed the guilt, we need to combat that narrative, and we need to take time to work out. We need to take time to make that meal, to be healthy, to go out with our friends, to separate ourselves, to reclaim our identity. Have you found that when that's done over and over again, that the guilt dissipates, or do you believe that the guilt always remains? So I don't have any research or empirical support to support my opinion on this, but I think the more you do it, the more you realize your children are okay. When you go off to that conferencing network and you come back. And I think they're okay. And I think I can dissipate with just some practice. Yeah. And you're really also talking about two things here. You're talking about the individual, the mother, the parent, going to do these things, and actually understanding and mitigating their own personal guilt. And then on the flip side, where I think that we can shift the way that we think about it is, and I was an event, and Dr. Chris Palmer was there, and he is a psychiatrist from Harvard. He talks a lot about the brain metabolism and ketosis and ketones in the metabolic health. But all that aside, he said, you know, it's really wonderful that you go and you speak. And it's also really wonderful when you bring the children. And I said, well, you know, why? Because I feel so guilty with everything that I'm trying to do for the world. And he said to me, you are providing them with an opportunity to know that they can function without you constantly being there. And it actually makes them stronger, more capable, more durable. And when you bring them, it allows them to work through feelings of boredom or work through their own experiences. And he said to me, you shouldn't remove that from them. That changed things for me. Yeah, that's really great advice. Yeah, I really felt that when you think about it in terms of with this whole mom guilt in this identity of being a mom, or, you know, any even parents. So for example, Shane, who works 120 hours a week, if not more, he feels really guilty. He feels as if he's missing everything. And those are pretty rough hours. Yeah, for sure. But the time that is spent is very precious. And he still has to work and build his own life. And the world doesn't necessarily, and some listeners may or may not agree, revolve solely around the children. Totally. It's a full dynamic. Absolutely. And I think what you bring up before, which I want to reference, there is a study that came out that's showed that working mothers are actually really important role models for their daughters, right? Because you are setting the example that you can go out and be hugely successful and a mother at the same time. And you can be good at both. And that changes the narrative that they have to stay home when they have kids. Yeah. Yeah. It is certainly challenging. I think that if there are mothers listening here, I'm sure you've all experienced it. And I'll just from a very practical standpoint, women that I take care of and throughout the years, they say, well, I don't have time to work out because I'm going to miss this baseball game or I want to have breakfast with my kids. There is a treat off. That's true. Absolutely. For example, there are three days a week that I train in the morning no matter what. Some of those times the kids will come with me. I always encourage them to come with me the other time they don't. And I miss that morning of sitting down and having breakfast with them. I don't miss the time because we get time together. But if I didn't do that, my effectiveness as a mom goes down because I'm resentful. Right. I think that there's a resentment that comes in when you are constantly giving. And I wonder how we can reframe the way that we think about things from the identity standpoint of how can we be good teammates, good parents, and still do the things that we need to do. I think that's a really good point. I think there's a strategy that actually works well in my household and I can share with your listeners, maybe it'll help with them. As I think you can use data and to inform your responsibilities, to inform your daily schedule and your weekly schedule, you know, and I encourage people to map out their week, just write down everything you're doing for seven days. Every time block, see where you can, cut time, create efficiencies like, today we were out working out and when you brought your kids, you were both spending time with your kids and you were working out. And so, you know, I think that it's really important to use data to look at how you can invest schedule your week. Like, what can you, what efficiencies can you carve out? But you can't just like, you can't just make it up. You actually need to take time to record what you're doing every day and where, you know, and look analytically at your week. That's helpful. I don't know if you remember this, but again, I've known you for a really long time. You know, way back then. But I would call you sporadically. Any of my friends at Nome, you know, that I will call sporadically. I'm a very social person. It is my nature. But I would call you and you would not pick up you send me a text and say, hey, I have 35 minutes. I am deep and focused. I'll call you later. Correct. You've done that throughout your life. Right. And I learned a lot in as I became because here's the thing at the time I didn't have kids. Right. And I think to myself, come on, it's not that busy. She can't really pick up the phone or she can really pick up the phone or what do you mean I'm going to talk to you at 10 30 on Thursday. Now, having two children, I recognize that having a structure and Cal Newport talks a lot about this. He's written many great books. But I learned that from you and not only that, you're incredibly efficient with your time. And the first recommendation that you're giving is map out what your week is like. Yes. And how you're spending your time. Exactly. Were there places that when you did that that you cut the fat? Yes, absolutely. And actually this is something. You know, I do a lot. So for those of you who have seen my account, I have these cargo bikes. Okay. So you guys said, let's take a pause. I was like, do not talk about the cargo bike. But please give her a follow at cargo bike mama m o m m a. My sister is extraordinary. And she's not just extraordinary because I'm biased. I mean, this is a mother of three, a full professor of criminology went to pen and you're amazing. And side note, okay, back to efficiency. So the reason I bring up these bikes is because no one knows what a cargo bike is a very bad. That might map my producer over here. Yeah. I showed them. So these are very common in Europe. And then the Netherlands, you see them all over the place. Basically they are bikes where you can carry a ton of stuff, including kids on the front of the back. I have a few of them. And so the listener doesn't know at all what these cargo bikes are. They are huge. A bicycle with this massive box on the mine. I like front loaders. They're these huge boxes on the front. And you can literally load 400 pounds in these bikes. Like they're designed to carry way. They're designed to be like a car replacement. And so what else do anything else I need to comment about these bikes? Oh, they're just think about how Dorothy had the basket for the Wizard of Oz. Think about that times 500 the size of this. So you're talking about efficiency. And this brings you to cargo bikes. Exactly. And the whole reason why I even got these bikes because I didn't bike. I don't know if you know this. I literally didn't. We don't drive. So you have to keep some. I used to drive. But in New York. I live in New York City. And traffic is awful. Traffic parking is all awful. We take the subway, which is great. But like being a full-time working mama three, I have very little time to spare. I just don't have that time to spare. And so what I found is when we had spent the summer in the Netherlands that by getting myself and my children and my groceries and everything around by bike, I would shave hours. I would just reclaim those hours back so that I could do something more meaningful. Instead of spending the time commuting. And so we got these bikes. And you know from, for example, from my home to my kids doctor's appointment by subway, or by bus, it would take 45 minutes in these bikes. It's 15 minutes. And I can park in front. Right. So you know, you can't do that with a car in New York City. You can't do that in the subway in New York City. So that was like one of the things. And then of course the bikes became this way of being really efficient. I can, I work out research shows that even with my e-bike enabled, it's a matter of work out. I am spending time with my children and I'm commuting. I am doing three things in one and I'm getting to my destination faster than I would. So I think again, I went through my schedule. I identified where I was wasting time and most of my time was wasted and transit. What do you think other people could do? Let's say they don't have access to a cargo bike. One of the things I'm hearing you say is it seems like commuting is a big problem for many people. Yes. Would you say number one mitigate that time that I can find a different way? Totally, possibly work part-time from home maybe. And if you couldn't, how if you had to commute, are there strategies that you would use that time for? So I think that commuting can be viewed as an opportunity to be spending time with the people that you love. You can call people. You can listen to podcasts. You can talk and connect with your children. Again, I use my commuting time as this multimodal way of engaging with my kids as getting exercise and all these things. I do think that one thing about transitioning from a car to a car light or using these bikes as a mechanism is it doesn't have to be 100%. Most people's travel is within one to three miles of their home. Something that can be done easily, you could take a walk by bike very easily. So I think is identifying again, you're not going to know any of this until you start recording your own data. Yeah, it's so helpful. Yeah. What else, again, prioritizing yourself and by doing that, I think a lot of people don't know how to spend time with themselves. I would say that I'm probably guilty of that if you were to say what are the things that you do to prioritize yourself. I'm not sure I can give you an answer. Any ideas? I do get a massage and I have an amazing massage therapist, Kathy, Kissinger, and she'll come to my house, but I was terrible at actually scheduling the massage. She was wonderful. She actually forced herself to say, I am coming over at this time. You better be there. I was like, this is amazing. I mean, I made that. That might sound like a luxury. And it certainly is. I'm so grateful that she does it. I would say that that's probably the only thing if I, and that's, I must get better at that. Because I don't really even think about training as prioritizing oneself, but it is. Right. For people who do it more passively or maybe it's not as central to their existence. It's a really important thing to prioritize. And it can be very easy. The more responsibilities you have, the more identities you have, what do you mean by that? The more identities you have. Like if you go from being a person to like a single person to being a mother and being a professional and being safe, you do any sports or anything like that, you're taking a multiple identities, right? You're navigating these different spaces and the more things that you take on, the more responsibilities or activities that you do because you want to have this enriched life. The less time you have, and it can be really hard to do these things well. And so how do you say no? How do you say no? That's really a ball. Yes, I was at this great. I went to this great talk by these three email CEOs and they said, listen, all you have to do when someone asks you to do something and you don't want to do it, you say, I'm as scheduled as I prefer to be right now. I am as scheduled as I prefer to be right now. I'm going to start using that. I think it's great. I'm trying. You're just saying, I'm respectfully declining because I don't want to do it anymore. Thank you to thesis for sponsoring this episode of the show. thesis is the world's first customized Neutrophic company. I've mentioned this in the past. I only promote products that I use. These have been a game changer for me. Neutrophics are nutrients found in nature or the human body. They enhance cognitive function. Who doesn't want more focus, more energy or a better mood? I don't know one person who doesn't want more of those things. Many companies take a one size fits all approach. What I love about thesis, not only are there blends exceptional, but you can go to their website, which is takethesis.com. You'll take a quiz. They will then send you a starter kit with four different blend recommendations to try over the course of a month. This is personalized. thesis also offers, are you ready for this? Three consultations with a wellness coach to optimize your experience and dial in on your favorite formulas. These products have absolutely been life changing for me. These blends are blends you have never seen before. Go to takethesis.com slash doctor lion and you'll get 10% off your first box. Takethesis.com slash doctor lion. Take the quiz and you are on your way to more energy and more focus. Where can people also make up inefficiencies? I think they can make up inefficiencies by finding a mentor too. They don't have to reinvent the wheel and I guarantee you somebody else has done something along the line or they have faced similar challenges. I did a little bit of research as well on this shifting identities from student veterans. Right? Former military who left the military to become civilians, to become students. One of the key takeaways was that they found that they felt very lost without having that mentor. I think that's a takeaway we can apply to most places in our lives. To clarify what you're saying, transitions from the identity of being a active military individual, correct? Transitioning to then being a civilian. Transitions are the rockiest times. Transitioned from job to job, transitioning from non-parent to parent. Those transition points take people off track. And by the way, they are fully predictable. Transition points you guys are fully predictable. You know that there are going to be moments in life that you change. And these individuals will experience it as stressful. It is certainly unfamiliar. I think unfamiliarity breeds stress. I love the recommendation to link up with a mentor. I have a mentor, I mentor, a handful of people. The other thing, and I'd love to hear your take from your research, is that the community, community of other individuals going through similar things, or again, someone that has done it, community matters. Absolutely. You aren't alone, right? If can feel transitions can be feel very scary and very isolating. And they're new for you, even though they're predictable like you said, right? We all go through them. What's great is there are people who have done this and done it successfully. And so I think finding a community because you need also that support. Right? They're going to be days where you are feeling awesome and they're going to be days where you feel really badly. And so you just want to find someone who can lift you up and elevate you. And I think that's a really important thing. It's to surround yourself with people who really elevate you. To help you craft that elite identity. That's wonderful advice. This again, we none of us succeed alone. Correct. We all have people in our lives that hold us to a higher standard. When you think about elite identity, it again, we can talk about health and wellness in its own domain. And then we can talk about it separately. But the reality is this idea of living a very globally successful life is truly the point that you are making about having an elite identity. I have a note here that you had said separation of health and self. Do you want to explain to us what that is? Well, I think it's really important to come up with strategies to prioritize your health. And sometimes that can mean taking away the, you know, to not sacrifice but to make decisions that I'm not going to do certain things today because I want to prioritize my health. And I want to prioritize my mental health. And so I think that was something that was very important for me to consider is that I need to prioritize my health because without having a healthy identity, all of your other identities are going to be impacted as well as your concentric circles of family professional life and familial life. But if you are not healthy, the people of Brown, you aren't going to be healthy and you're not going to make healthy decisions. So I just think it's really important to prioritize and separate that what you're doing every day, sometimes needs to be not sacrificed but shifted so that you can focus on a really sets of foundation. What do you mean by concentric circles? So I view the different elements of our lives as concentric circles. We have our professional circle. We have our family circle and we have our personal circle and they're all interrelated because how you do in one and the identity you form in one will absolutely impact the identity forms in the other and how successful you can be in these other identities. You can be an example of some work. I mean, a motherhood is an amazing example, right? My family life, if I am very busy and I can't disentangle my motherhood identity, then I won't go to that networking of that. And that's going to impact my professional identity. The other, again, we talked about these three types of identity. We've covered personal identity, tell me about relational identity and what roles is that play? I think that is really important role. And again, this relational identity is one where you identify yourself in relation to other people. So as a mother, right? You are defining yourself in relation to your children. So I think it's very important that we recognize that other people around us impact how we view ourselves and how we act on a day to day basis. Do you think it's meaningful to change the language? Let me give you an example. Earlier in our conversation, I said, I'm a very social person. I'm identifying myself as a very social person. Do you think having words and frameworks like that can hinder the way in which I navigate the way in which I think about things or as long as it's something positive, it's irrelevant. I think having a clearly fleshed out identity is important. So we want to use positive language. But negative, there are elements of our identity that can be negative too, right? You can feel down, you can feel depressed. You can have those parts of your identity. And they create you as a whole. No person is wholly a positive person, right? We have dark corner. I don't know, Matt, Matt's pretty good over there. So I think having a realistic narrative is what's most important, a realistic narrative. And do you have solutions for ways in which an individual could navigate the relational identity? Do you think that there's pitfalls or downfalls that people should look out for? Healthy boundaries, absolutely. Like again, how we identify as a partner, as a spouse, is also really important. We want to make sure that we are having a healthy relationship. Again, this all goes back to this health and wellness. We want to have these healthy relationships. We want to have these healthy interaction. And you're talking about health from two sides of the same point. Right? Mental. What you're really talking about here is there's a physical health. So what I'm hearing you say is you're actually talking about the mental health component to it. Absolutely. Do you think that there are ways in which someone could identify that they potentially are not living up to a certain standard from a relational standpoint? It's a really good question. I think so. I think we can see that in relationships that aren't fulfilling or where we feel like we're needing more or we're not prioritizing elements of ourselves or we lose our identity with that other person. I haven't done research firsthand, but I've done a lot of studying about domestic violence. And so when you identify the signs of domestic violence, it can be really important. I'm really glad that you brought that up. One of the courses that you teach as a professor is ethics. I teach criminal justice ethics, but I also teach gender crime and justice. So I think it's very important to identify that we have morality and we have, I mean, morality is really interesting. The idea of, would you define that as how you do right and wrong? Yes. How you do right and wrong? And that can be innate. It can also be learned and it can be cultivated. And the reason I brought that up, the ethics component, because when you talk about relationship identity, again, what we really are, the goal of this podcast is twofold. Number one, to really think about how do we raise ourselves to the standard of an elite identity? Yeah, what we've covered so far is primarily the personal identity and where there may be pitfalls of that. Again, you and I are speaking on behalf of motherhood and mothers. I can't tell you how many women that I interface with that say some of the things that you brought up, even my own self, I have a ton of mom guilt. There's lots of things that I've had to work through. And then the second component, so there's that component is this elite identity. The other part of this podcast is I do want to talk about childhood raising healthy children. Yes. And again, I think it all ties into how we can be the best version of oneself. But the relational identity, the reason I brought up ethics is because we have to think, how do we interface with other people? Are we a honorable spouse? Are we doing things that are disingenuine to how we treat a friend? And how that all falls into suboptimal behavior, suboptimal performance and really kind of erodes the best version of oneself. Where else in terms of relationship identity? By the way, do we know when these identities form? No, I don't know. Actually, it must start really, really early. I imagine. Are there other things that you would say how someone could really foster a healthy relational identity? You talked about boundaries? Yes. Give me some examples of that. So it's actually funny. I want to talk about something else because I just thought about it. So my husband and I, we have a really amazing and healthy relationship. And I realize we do things that might be a little different or kind of strange when we think about relational identity, but we basically have alignment meetings. So my husband and I have alignment meetings. So we'll talk about different things. That didn't even need that. And alignment meeting where we DDC. We debate. What is a DDC? So we go through these. So one thing that I think is really important is when you're building these relational identities and you want to have the best version of yourself, it's communication and alignment with your spouse is like number one. And so one of the things that we do is we, we DDC, we debate. We decide together and we commit to that decision. So he can't go back. I can't go back on him and be like, well, we made this decision. You made this decision and I'm mad at you. It was like, no, we debated it. We decided together and we committed to the outcome no matter whether it's a good outcome or bad outcome. DDC. It did. It did. Decide. Commitment. Friends, we should all be doing this. And then you have alignment meetings with your partner. What happens there? Well, if you are misaligned on really fundamental things like how you manage money or how you choose to transfer, you know, go about transportation or how you choose to spend your summers or what if big, critical things in your lives with your partner should be done through alignment meetings. Amazing. Bad, best podcast ever alignment meetings. DDC. What would DDC do? Do you have anything else there? Because that's great. And I don't think it gets better than an alignment meeting because now we're thinking about these three interlocking circles of personal identity, relational where you show up in a relationship. What about these boundaries that you talk about? I think boundaries are really important to carving out time for yourself. Identifying where you can be focusing on yourself and your career. And again, letting go of this shedding this guilt that you can't do it all. As you can set boundaries and it's really healthy to do so. Where I, again, I take care of patients. And while we talk about blood work, we talk about a number of things. Being a physician is a sacred privilege. And I don't know, any 1800s probably before that. It was the physician wasn't just about your blood. It wasn't transactional. They were advisors. They were confidence. They were someone who was critical in that person's life. And one of the things that I think really becomes important is that, you know, I hear a lot of behind the scenes, things that happen to people because how they show up in the world and what they're going through from a relationship standpoint affects their health. Period end of story. And there in a new loving relationship, you better believe that I am telling you trends over time, I see improvements in blood work. Patience leads way. Their blood pressure is better. It's extraordinary. The other counter to that is when someone doesn't set up a healthy boundary, I have seen that derail and unravel humans. Case in point. I have a particular patient who was really in love with this girl. And instead of being honest and upfront about who he really was, for example, he is extraordinarily social. He loves to hang out with his friends. He likes to put his phone away and he loves to hang out with his friends. He also has a lot of friends and generals, some are male, some are female. He didn't set the boundary that I am the kind of person that really likes to go out once a week, put my phone away, hang out with my friends. I am also the kind of person that has female friends. And they text me, they call me. And he was so in love with this girl that he put that aside and wasn't upfront about it. And because he wasn't upfront about it, that whole relational identity that he had built for a refacing that was actually different from who he was. Created a self-employed relationship. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, makes a lot of sense. The way that I see it when you set up a healthy relationship identity or relational identity is definitely knowing who you are and putting that forward so that it's not confusing for the person and then the other person. Agreed. And this is where I think about love languages. Yes. You guys might think that I'm being silly, but love languages. We should actually take the word love out of it and it should be relational language. Agreed. How do you feel safe and connected? Are you someone who is an act of service person? Are you a quality time? Are you a physical contact person? I'll be weird if you're not. You're like, are we talking your friends? So maybe that maybe we will keep it as the love language or but you know, very tactile, etc. And that becomes important to know how you feel supported. Absolutely. Absolutely. The third type of identity is this collective identity. Yes. I would love to hear and I think that you have a lot of gems to share, especially because of social media, people are or gangs. Tell me about a collective identity and how it can help you become an elite performer or how it can derail you. I think that's, I mean, I can talk certainly on the devrailing. Right? We know that. Right? I mean, I guess, you know, as a gang scholar, really, that's my area of specialty. Wait, pause as a gang scholar. A gang scholar. I do the vast majority of my research examines the experiences of gang members and how we can interact, how we interface with gangs, how they respond, how they interact with people, how they interact with police, how we can, how we can reduce gang membership. So I do have a lot of, you know, research and I've done certainly some research about how gang activity and this is certainly a collective identity can create, you know, increased likelihood of the link ones say, right? So when you're talking about gang scholarship or you're talking about gang behavior, we study, you know, young men and young women and we compare them to non-gang counterparts, right? The young men of the same similar backgrounds and the same pages and whether they're in a gang and if they're not like their levels of the link ones say. And gangs as a collective identity, it significantly increased not only the likelihood, sort of a group think, right? The likelihood of delinquent behavior or the increased likelihood of delinquancy, victimization, all these number of things, really negative things that can happen when you're a part of a gang. So, you know, that certainly is the pitfalls of a collective identity, of a collective identity that's surrounded around crime and delinquancy, right? Although, you know, we have to humanize the gangs, right? The gangs come out of environments that are very harsh where there are not great alternatives, you know, young women in particular, join gangs because more than likely statistically speaking, they come from homes and violence in neglect. And the gangs become a safer, what they view as safer, whether it's actually safer is a different story, but they view it as a better alternative than being at home. That's fascinating. It really sounds as if the personal identity, the relational identity and the collective identity, all feed one another, 100% are interrelated. And the collective identity, is this somewhat of the concept that you are, the five people that you were surround yourself with or is this more of a, you know, I am thinking about things in the way, and I'm just going to give an example. I am thinking about things the way a carnivore. So if it's a nutrition group, a carnivore or keto collective identity or even whether you are Republican or Democratic are these examples of all big things. Yes, absolutely. And they're collective identities. You know, one thing that's really interesting is when you have groups of people together, the way in value structures can shift and change because you are reinforcing, you know, and re establishing these value structures, then what can happen, especially in like subculture, is they change, right? You, what you view as acceptable behavior can shift from the normative or what you maybe were grown up to believe was the right behavior. Give me an example. I mean, I can think about this in terms of gang behaviors. So like, let's say you have someone who is knocking involved necessarily, but, you know, is exposure to gangs and it's up to joining a gang and originally, you know, wasn't interested in say drug deal, right, which is a very common activity that can be part of a gang. What I'm hearing that so fascinating is that the behaviors that would be considered just outlandish for some people, there is a normalization. Yeah, exactly that happens, exactly. And so drug dealing can be very common in very normative or funny thing. Okay, what did you do today? Well, I sold a whole bunch of weed, I sold a whole bunch of stuff. Yeah. Totally normal, how much money did you make? Like, that's what I care about, right? So I think it's very interesting too when you think about these value structure shifting, same with violence, right? Gang members value, like their value is in strength and shows a force and beating people up and like, you know, they don't do it all the time. But like showing that they can hold their own NF fight. That's a very different normal value structure from, you know, non gang involved people. Let's talk about protein, specifically first forms natural way protein, formula one. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use, what kind of protein powder I recommend. Formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders, different flavors. Natural one, you pick it, it mixes amazing. It makes it extremely easy to get your protein in. And really, it's a way protein isolate. So you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shake. Taste great, super easy to travel with, great breakfast, dinner, maybe even lunch. Whatever you need, it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary. It will help improve body composition, muscle mass, all the things that protein does. And by the way, when do you need protein? Well, you need it every day. And that's why I love first forms, protein powder, their formula one, go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I've a solution for you. And that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker, my friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on. ApoB, it never stops. And by the way, if you are a professional and you have clients inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized healthcare and listen blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off, 10% off. Anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off, go to inside tracker.com, like inside tracking your body, use the code doctor lion. And do not wait if you are due for your blood work, give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. Do you think that people, are there certain personalities? I know this isn't exactly what we're talking about and you might not know the answer to this. But again, the goal of the conversation is in the lead identity. Is that how can you then shift from the, I'll use the term weaker or less optimized identity to something that truly is something that you can strive for and be proud of. Are there certain personalities or certain character traits or certain environments growing up that would leave someone vulnerable to collective think in general? Or is it human nature to buy into a group thing? So I think that's a multi-faceted question. I think there's certainly for some people. There is resources to show that there is biological behaviors like anti-social personality disorder, right? Things like that where you may be more inclined to join again. But a lot of it too is the environment, right? So like there are not everybody starting at the same playing field, right? So you have people who come from violence and neglectful homes and they're just not at the same starting point as someone who comes from, you know, affluence. And we can't treat everybody the same, right? It's not fair to them. So I think that's a really important element of crafting an identity. How can someone optimize this idea of collective think? Where do you see the benefit, how could someone, if they were just evaluating their time, evaluating their network, evaluating the space and the domains in which they live in, how could someone optimize this collective identity? I think by joining groups that share the values that you want to have, right? So I think, you know, maybe a terrible example is my son's competitive chess player. He does his best when he is with his chess playing friends, right? They are thinking analytically, they are leveling each other up. So I think for, you can really harness if you join networks or groups that really level you up. And you might have some good examples or some ideas of some of those groups. That's why we actually created the community. We created a forever strong community for exactly that. And I haven't actually released it, but I created a creed for them. But are you sharing that creed? I'm not going to share it yet, but we created a creed that, again, holds people to a high standard within themselves, just we have five main pillars. And that's actually why I created the forever strong community. It's amazing. I mean, because I wanted to create an atmosphere that cultivates people and ways of thinking about things that are ultimately beneficial, that are supportive, that are positive, that value hard work, that value discipline, that's amazing. And allowing people to do it collectively and can anyone join? Yeah, yes, in fact I'll put you in the group. Amazing. So I think like a group like that would be amazing, especially for people who have lost their way. Or feel like they really need to surround themselves with people who can push them to the next level. And I think that that brings up a really good point. People have to know where they're vulnerable. Yeah, and if you are in the points of vulnerability are always big transitions. Yeah, if you are someone who, and positive and negative, for example, someone who has lost a hundred pounds and is now in a new body, they are at a transition point because they are in a different body, a different frame of being before people will react differently to them. Yeah, it is. And they have to feel comfortable in that new physicality, absolutely. And any points of transition and that is one of the things why we see a high recidivism rate, which is a high relapse rate of weak gain, people will often say it's because they went off their nutrition plan and that's very black and white thinking. The other reason is they don't necessarily feel comfortable getting all the attention or they don't feel comfortable in this new body type. And that's again, points of vulnerability are really important places to get community and to step into community, absolutely. Especially when you feel that need, right? When you are about to relax or recidivate. Yeah, that is a very good point. Yes, in fact, I'm going to put you in the group. This is again our forever strong community. You guys can find it online on my website and I would love actually for you to come on as a guest. I would love to. For the community, it would be wonderful. So far, we've talked about identities, personal, relational, collective, and I'm just going to recap some of the highlights. And then if you have a little bit more time for me, I would love to chat about childhood nutrition, parenting, making good choices. Again, you are a professional mother. Personal identity, that is really questioning where you are and recognizing if there are outside narratives that are influencing that. For example, mothers and mom guilt. There are many other examples of that, but again, personal identity of a big thing. Taking time for yourself, doing the things that matter and really managing your health and wellness. Absolutely. The second thing is relational identity and that comes into play, having a very good dynamic. And the big takeaway that I got was structure, DDC, decide, debate. I'm sorry, debate, decide, and commit. Yeah. And what that does is it places a structure and a way in which you can then relate to the other person, with certain rules, for example, you can't go back and fight about it. Right? And also, actually with personal identity, there's one more thing is that looking at your schedule. We talked about health and wellness, but you have to look at your schedule to then deploy these tactics. Relational identity is creating a framework for the zone of operation within a household, within a friendship. The other point to relationship, identity is understanding boundaries. Absolutely. Being truthful and upfront with who you are, so that people can know what to expect. And then the other component to that is understanding the, what love language. The communication language. Yes. What do we call it? The relationship language, whether you are active service, quality time. I forgot gifts. I like gifts. And then the third piece is the collective identity. The collective identity is understanding where you fit into group think. And really what I'm hearing the big part of that is getting support is finding a group and identifying with a larger group that holds to your standard and your values. And that is supportive. That's a beautiful way of recapping it. Yeah. And that there's action items for each of those. Yes. I agree. Now, I would like to just spend maybe 10 minutes talking about children, childhood nutrition and doing things that are very valuable at the home front. Because again, this is some of the questions that I get asked all the time and where you really specialize and are very attuned to is behavior patterns. You had mentioned early on that the prefrontal cortex is not fully formed. That a large portion of crime happens before the age of 25. This makes me think that we can do things from a very young age to instill good habits and instill good nutrition. I'd love to hear some of your thoughts on that. Absolutely. Well, I think the number one thing for parents is to model the behavior they want their children to have. There is learning theory happening all the time around people around you, around, you know, your kids are watching you. What you eat is what they eat. You know, what you do is what they do, right? I was watching you this afternoon, sister, you were working out and your kids were working out, right? So I think the really, like, the number one action item for helping families establish good and healthy behavior patterns is for the parents to do with themselves. How do you become an elite family? Yeah. Have good habits. Have great habits. And that includes physical fitness, it includes eating habits, it includes the conversation habits. I was explaining, we do kind of a DDC around the table every night in my family. We do the rows and thorn, right? And so my kids have come to expect that I am going to be checking in with the best thing that happened to them in the day and the worst thing that happened with them in the day. And that's just a mechanism of communication and establishing what that does is establishes open lines of communication very early. That's very valuable. Yes. What about nutrition? And I just want to highlight this because I'm kind of setting this up. But for example, Omega 3 fatty acids. Yes. Very important, I think, for child development brains. My son has ADHD and we found after doing research that Omega 3s could help with that. And so we do a high protein diet, take the lion protocol, I'm not going to lie. And we also grew up, I mean, these are things that, yeah, I we grew up like this. Absolutely. We grew up in a very healthy household and there were things that both our parents modeled. Absolutely. Healthy eating, mama always worked out, grandma worked out, our dad was really fit. It was just something we mimicked as well. We weren't ever in the type to just sit around and eat a bag of cookies or whatever. Like that just wasn't our, wasn't what we saw, wasn't what we knew. From the research that you have done on ADHD and children, you found that Omega 3 fatty acids influence that. I think it could help with brain function. And there's a lot, there's actually some criminal justice research that also talks about this, which was they gave Omega 3s to inmates in Pennsylvania, a doctorator in rain out of the University of Pennsylvania was one of my faculty members. And he started giving Omega 3s to prisoners, they did a randomized control trial, where they would give some inmates the diet as normal and they gave some inmates Omega 3 supplements and they found it decline in impulsivity. They were calmer. He wasn't, he wasn't huge huge, but it was a statistically significant difference in behavior. And so when we were doing research for ADHD medication and it was during a time when we couldn't get medication, there was an oral white shortage and it was really difficult. We looked at every alternative we could. And so we did the Omega 3s. Are there any other nutritional tips or advice or anything that you've come across in your research again with brain function and impacting behavior that you would care too much in? I don't think so. I think just focus on trying to limit, you know, refined sugars, have a lot of Omega 3s in your diet, fish, that kind of thing. Well, Dr. Madeline Novich, thank you so much for being here. Yes, this is a very enlightening and meaningful conversation. Where can people find you? Well, they can find me of course on Instagram at CargoBikeMama.momme. And I have a newsletter www.cargobikemama.com where I send out recipes and all kinds of different ways of maximizing your life. Thank you so much for being a guest. We will link all of those below and well done. Thank you so much for having me sister.