And when you diagnose the particularly with type 1 diabetes suddenly you're like thrust into disease land. Like you may never have thought about this disease in your life unless some relative or friend had it. Now you've got to learn everything about it as fast as you can and you have no preconceptions. So, as Dr. explains from look, you know, you don't make enough insulin, your pink race is going to run out of insulin and you need the insulin to metabolize these carbohydrates without them, your blood sugar will be too high and you have all these chronic complications. So, we wanted to continue eating the carbohydrates but you're going to measure the amount that every meal and snack and then we can dose the insulin to that. And, you know, then we're going to get a diabetes educator teach you all about this. And he says to the doctor, wait a minute, what you're telling me is that because of this disease carbohydrates are not toxic to me. And in someone who's the antidote and you want me to eat the toxin and take the antidote. Why don't I just not eat the toxin? And the doctor is like stunned by this. He's never thought about that and then he starts giving all kinds of mouth. That's really hard to do. You're never going to be able to keep it up. Nobody complies. But that's always been the sort of alternative therapy. This is a disorder that only manifests itself in response to the carbohydrates in the diet. We don't need the carbohydrates. We know from the last 20 years, clinical trials and not eating them is safe. It's not the healthiest way to eat depending on how you want to interpret those trials. And we now know that if patients with type 2 diabetes don't eat the carbohydrates, they will most of them will go into remission and not need drugs. So why don't we at least tell patients that that's a viable option. And in order to do that, we need the doctors to understand it. So that's gets back to your question. The challenge and the reason I wrote this book is to get the physicians and the diabetes educators and the diabetes associations to rethink the title, rethinking the diabetes they look. A lot of people are just going to want drugs. We all love a good drug. But if given the choice between being on the you think okay, I'm going to start with one drug with the other message you get is this is a chronic progressive disease. It's going to get worse. So people who start with one drug, would used to be called monotherapy and 10 years are going to be on two or three drugs. If their blood pressure goes up, they're going to be on blood pressure lowering drugs. If their LDL goes up or even if it doesn't, they're going to be on statins. They've gained weight. They're going to be NGOP1 and agonists. They're a lot of people and all these drugs have side effects and complications. So maybe some people just want to do the naughty, the carbohydrate thing, which means they're basically on a ketogenic diet or a carnivore diet or you can do it as a vegan diet, a difficult. And being healthy is a better option than slowing the progression of the disease. And if I can get the physician community to understand that, then they have to do their homework. They have to go down the rabbit hole and understand these diets. And now there's, you know, a gazillion books. People are written them that help them understand that. And then when their next patient is diagnosed, they could say we have these two options. So convention away, the ADA way is, well, hopefully the ADA may be saying, you know, we're going to give you this drug. And we're going to ask you to control your carbon take and this other option is you're going to do this keto thing. Not eat the carbs and you're probably lose 50 pounds and be feel better and we won't ever have, we may never have to go to drug therapy. And then let the patients decide, but the doctors have to be able to give them informed advice. And that's tough because again, just the nature of medical care is not, I say it's not treatment based, but it's not root cause based. I guess it's a better way to put it. It's there's an issue. What's the fastest way to treatment in an ideal world. What you would like to see is, and I'm just putting words in your mouth is that you would see a carbohydrate restricted diet and you said there's many ways to make it work, whether it's keto, carnivore. Vegan if they could do it with low carbohydrate, which seems pretty challenging, but. In an ideal world, this would be an option is basically what I'm hearing you say and that we need to get healthcare providers. We need to get wise consumers and individuals that because 100% of people eat and getting it done in that. Yeah, and that's I mean, none of this. Every time there's a new drug. It makes it harder to get this message across, but the drugs are always treating symptoms. We have not invented the drug yet that cures this disease or cures obesity. The. Yeah, it's just we. And it kind of be tested, by the way. I mean, verta health and San Francisco, let's go. And the book did it. But I think is a pretty compelling trial showing that this diet can put diabetes and formation. It didn't show whether it was better than any other diet, but it did show that this one works and works in a way that nobody actually ever thought was possible. So yeah, that's that's the challenge now is and that's what the book was written to try and help not jellong because. I recognize I'm not going to get rid of skepticism, even the. One percent or zero point one percent of physicians who would make the effort to read a book like mine when they're done are not going to move their skepticism. But hopefully they will say to themselves, this is interesting. Like let me try it. I gave I remember giving a talk to a Cleveland clinic conference. I was at there Las Vegas base and I was talking right after lunch and I ate before my talk and then I got to watch all the. Cardiologist at the meeting walk up to get the very nice lunch that was all you know salmon and skinless chicken breasts and vegetables and. And I was watching them walk down they definitely look like the sort of typical distribution of. Overweight no obesity among the public has significant amount of them are struggling. So try it yourself learn what you can about it. Understand that enough that you could communicate. I mean the problem is if you're seeing a page for 15 minutes. It's easier to write a prescription. Take this drug. I'll see you in a month move on to the next patient. That's always going to be a problem. But then we have diabetes educators. The nutrition and this and dietitians. I mean it's crazy because this way of eating is now had more clinical trials testing it than any diet and history. And even the American diabetes association agrees it's better tested and more effective than any other diet that they promote. So they're coming around slowly as humanly possible because not in especially a health association doesn't want to say. We made a mistake or phrase anything in such a way that somebody else might go away to mentally different from what you were saying 10 years ago.