I'm Dr. Gabrielle Lyon and I work with elite performers, military operators, and high achievers who want more than just inspiration, they want measurable results. And yet, I've never seen a tool more misunderstood than HRV, which is heart rate variability. That's why today's guest is Joel Jamison. It's a world-class performance coach to combat athletes, special operations, and pro sports teams. He's the creator of Morpheus I. HRV guided training system built on over 20 years of data. We dive into what HRV really measures. How it changes with age, how stress impacts it, and even if you're sleeping fine and why most people are training in the dark. If you're waking up tired, it's not because you're lazy, it's because your body is already at a gas before the day even starts. People think it's just the training that makes them stronger, but the reality is if you don't understand your nervous system, you're basically just guessing through health and fitness. Think you're recovering, think again. Think your fitness tracker is helping, maybe, maybe not. And if you're training hard every day without understanding this one signal, you might actually be getting worse. Maybe everything you thought you knew about recovery, performance, and stress is wrong. Joel Jamison, welcome to the show. This is actually a long time coming, and really grateful to have you here. You have been a coach for two decades. Yeah, a little over that, a little over that, a new of coach world-class athletes, Olympians, fighters, you name it. I know that you know our mutual friend Rob Wolf, right in the beginning of the CrossFit days. Yeah, a long time ago. And you have some very innovative ways of thinking about training and recovery, which is quite frankly why I would love to have this conversation, and I'm grateful that you're here. So welcome. Yeah, thanks for having me. I'm happy to talk to you and your audience, and like says, been two decades of coaching and learning and planting us out, and any opportunity to share whatever you've learned over the years is a really important one to me. That's very valuable. There's a lot of discussion around evidence-based medicine and evidence-based practices, and part of evidence-based practice is yes, the science, but also it is the clinicians or the providers or the coaches experience. Yeah, it's funny because we live in an age of social media, obviously, and you know, I post stuff that I've done with athletes, that I'm working on, and you'll get people respond. That doesn't work. There's no evidence to support that. The world champion that trained last year did that and worked just fine for him, or, you know, her or whatever the case may be. So yeah, we always have to keep in mind of what the science tells us, but I think we have to be aware of there are real limitations to the science, a lot of areas, and there's a lot of things that science tells us now work that we've been using for a long time that we've known works in the commission community. So there's always this combination of looking at the science, the data, but then also what works in real world. So I've always tried to bridge that gap and understand both sides of it. And that's really valuable. One of the things that the athletic community seems to have a leg up on is you guys do a lot of things, and like you said, the science comes out a bit later. You'll see, you know, you look at the body building type diets, or just the ways in which they have utilized certain behaviors. And over time, you'll say, okay, well, that's why that worked. And I think that, you know, I think that the same is probably true for things like HRV and some of the recovery modalities that you have been using. And I'm curious, tell me a little bit about your coaching career. Just a brief background. Yeah, so like a lot of coaches, I was a failed athlete and some levels. I tried to play coach football in last too long at that, but I always really loved the training side thing. So my senior year in college, I went down the weight room. There was a fantastic strength coach down there named Bill Gillespie, who people in the power of the world were probably no, but others may not. I said, she said, hey, Bill, I'd love to learn from you and to work with you and be part of the program here if I can. And he said, sure, come on down. And at the time, I had been just reading the Russian, old Russian manuals, the Soviet cell training, you're a very fresh shansky, kind of all these older power lefty and weight lefty. Textbooks and Bill was a, I would have put it the most focused power lefty rep ever seen. So he wanted to bench press more than anything in the world. And he focused period on that. And so Bill now is, I don't want to overage Bill, but I think Bill's 70 or late 60s. He's bench press 1000 pounds. I mean, just some insane number. He's broken, who knows how many world records. So anyway, I went down there, we just started chatting all the time. And the biggest thing I learned from Bill is he was open to me at 21, whatever I was giving him ideas. And he'd been doing this for decades. But I would say, hey, I read this in this manual. What do you think about this technique? And he's like, let's try it. And so we formed this partnership where I would dig in the science and look these old Russian manuals and delved.gale, let's try it and see what would happen. And so that was really the start of trying to bridge that gap between the scientific side of things and these old Russian manuals and Bill's power lefty and clean the strength of the initiative. And after about a year, he went to University of Arsay, went to CLC Hawks. I followed him there as an intern, worked there in Kent, Johnston, dancing, Kent had been in the field for four decades, the time three decades, whatever it was, worked at Green Bay, Tampa Bay, Z-Hawks, and same thing. These guys were just so open to ideas and trying things and discussion and it really just sparked a love of this idea of performance and training to help athletes get better and help people reach their goals. But I decided I didn't want to be a collegiate or professional strength coach because you have no job to carry. You're moving around the country all the time. It's like musical chairs, every time the coach you're working for gets fired. Now you're looking for a job. I didn't want to play that game. So, 20-thier's old, I decided to open a gym and looking back and I was very naive about what that would take. But I did, I opened it in a place called Kirk and Washington, which was just outside of Seattle. And fortunately for me, I opened it next to a gym called AMC Pencreation. I wish I could say this was planned, but I had no idea that AMC Pencreation was really the best mixed martial arts gym in the world and the coach they're mat-humed without question, the best mixed martial arts arts coach of all time. And so, very quickly, I had these high-level combat athletes coming over and saying, hey can you change me for a fight? And I was like, yeah, yeah, sure. And I was like, what fight? Like K1? And I was like, what's K1? And then Google that? All right, I really had only worked primarily with football, on strength and power, and that side of things. And so, my first approach was, let's treat them like, I treat everyone else, I do assessment. I'm like, these guys are weak, right? They could do like two pull-ups, something can do, can they do a pull-ups? A bug in my mind. You know, they couldn't squat their body weight, compared to the athletes, and the pro-level, I like, man, these guys are just really underpowered and undermuscle, I'm just going to make them really strong, and they're going to go kill everybody. I'm genius. But it took about 30 seconds of train with myself and gasing out and getting destroyed, despite being significantly stronger than them to realize, maybe I don't know what I thought I knew about conditioning, maybe. There's a whole other side of this that I've not dug into, and so that's where this fascination with conditioning, and getting people in shape from a, you know, not just lifts weights and college-good standpoint, and really kind of around the same time, I started with the Seahawks, I was also introduced to our variability, my an old Russian coach and sports science team. So, as I was trying to understand, how do I help these fighters become better fighters? I was also looking at high rate variability way before most people knew what it was, I was using this expensive Russian system, we had to pro-electrods on people, and it was super invasive. But I was looking at real numbers, I was looking at the athletes performing, and in team sports, it's really hard to say, like, oh, I helped the team win. There's lots of variables, right? There's multiple players in the field, there's all kind of stuff going on, but combat sports, like that athlete gets in the cage of the ring, it's one on one. They gas out, and your job was to help them prevent that happening by getting them in shape, you know, you got to look yourself in the mirror, and so I took my job here, seriously, if making sure I learned everything I could about conditioning, making sure these guys are going into the fight, recover it and able to perform, and, you know, over time, I just kept learning and kept trying things and worked with Matt, who had been in their field for a long, long time, and that really was where the whole conditioning HRB intersected, and really set my course on that career. And then, keep a long story, a little bit shorter. You know, as I've aged, as the people around me have aged, I've had a shift focus a bit towards how do we now look at conditioning and fitness from a longevity standpoint, not just, you know, I want to knock somebody out or knock it knock down myself or how do I look at using the same types of tools like HRB and recovery and conditioning, but rather, then again, performance to live a longer healthier life and, you know, taking that path as well. So that's the shortest version of the academic only pressure career. I think it's really, it's a really fascinating. It sounds like Russia had a leg up on us and terms of being very innovative. Yeah, the Russians, you know, I would never want to live in a communist regime, personally, but I will say what they had is massive structure and massive organization that the United States never had that came from the top down. So, you know, they would have sports groups by type of sport, but they have a very clear hierarchy of coaches at top or coaches bottom. They would get together and have conferences. They were doing blood testing back in the 80s. Yeah, we were. And they were, so the athletes I've talked to in the coaches said they would get blood tests every week based looking for different blood markers. If I'm in mineral panels, they would have customized supplementation and pharmaceuticals, all that stuff. Was literally customized as far back as the 80s and they were using HIV back in the 80s to try to figure out how to use it because they had actually created it. They created per se, but they took a very, very building use it with the space program and the cosmonauts to see what happens when you send someone to space. So they'd been using technology to mean a way for a long, long time. And so when you got to a communist regime where they could focus everything in a very organized structured and in quite frankly, maybe on fairway, using a lot of performance-tanting drugs, you know, you saw a lot of it come out of it and you know, were they better stronger athletes? They were better stronger athletes now, but I will say what's funny is after one of them that started the HIV system came to US. Who was it? I think it's Ballon said can. So he was a decathlete himself and he was a track coach and then did some other stuff and started to make wear the first HIV company. He went to Oregon of all places and he was telling me like in Russia for a while he'd been a selector, meaning he would go to the schools and he would select which athletes were brought into the program to be trained. And that's the other thing they had is like they would select out the youth and like sixth grade or beyond, but below. And they would train them systematically all the way until they'd probably break world record. So that's the other thing they had is a huge organized junior program that would train athletes. I was who, China hasn't now, I can tell you crazy stories about China. Do you think the US will ever have that? I don't think so. We have a different system that I think is broken in a lot of ways. I think we abuse kids because they just get thrown into, I mean I've taught train a lot of you athletes, they go from club sports to team sports and their school almost year round. They're just trained, math to the mountains with no real coordination. The one thing that the Russian did have is they had that coordinated system right, it had a long-term plan and you have well-meant parents putting their kids in 12 months straight of training. So we had youth athletes 13, 14, 15 with major ACL, reconstructive surgeries. And I was coaching those athletes and just low-back problems and shoulder problems because just massive overuse you take these 13, 14-year-old girls in training 12 months year round. It was crazy. The Russians, so it's where much more cognizant of we need to keep these athletes healthy because going back to the story, when Val was selecting he said he would go into elementary school or middle school and he would select between like three and ten athletes based on their athletic ability which is crazy. They're trying out right? Very, and also very young. Very young. Yeah and he would watch a move, he would look in mechanics, a coordination skill set and he would select the athletes to come in the program for given sports. And they would actually, oh you're going to be this, you're going to be that. It would select you and then put you in a sport. He said when he started coaching in Oregon he went into elementary school and he said I would select a 20% and the difference is we have massive genetic diversity here. They only had Russians. Right? So if you, you know, not to put the, you know, the game if you took out all of the races and the U.S. except for Europeans, you'd have a whole at less athletic performance in the real world and they didn't have that genetic diversity in gene pool. So we have significantly better genetics and significantly bigger gene pool to draw for them than I think that's so it's ever did, which is why he was like look, we had to take our athletes and be mindful of recovery and we couldn't burn them out. I think we have so many talent to athletes that are just more room for error for us. You're way more room for error. And you train young, you train kids now. I'm not anymore now. I had a long story when COVID hit my gym got taken over by Google at the same time so Google shut my, but I mean, I trained, oh, yeah, 15 years. So long ago, so it's 2003 until 2020 basically. I, you know, I'm obviously a parent. I don't know if you knew this, but I before in five year old and I have one child who is extraordinary, extraordinary, Lee athletic, tons of coordination and just seems like a lot of capacity. And I think about genetically if we train her up well and she loves it. And then I think about exactly what you were saying. I have friends that their kids are in basketball, track all year around. Yeah, all year. And I wonder for parents listening, thinking about how they want to develop their children. Do you have a suggestion for how we can develop our children into lifelong athletes? Because now in your, dare I say 40s? Yeah, I mean, 40s. Yeah, 40s. Yeah. You're beginning to think about what that looks like from a long cavity. Of course. I mean, look, I think first of all, it's taking a long-term view as you mentioned. The problem with, I think our system is, we have some of the kids have so much pressure to make the varsity team in middle school, then they have to make a very good club team in high school, and then they have to get selected for college and try to get scholarship. So there's a tremendous pressure from early on to make these teams. And in the short run, yeah, you spend more time playing your sport, you're more likely to develop the skill to make those teams. But you're also risking burnout and overuse injuries to, you know, if you're in high school and you're senior year and you blow out your shoulder or your back or something as an athlete, you're not going to get a college scholarship or something a lot, a lot harder. So much harder. So I think the biggest thing is just maintaining that idea of like we're not developing the athlete for your son or daughter. The short term, it's the long term. I mean, going back to that the most fascinating thing that the Russians told me, several of them, is they said, when we would select an athlete at some point in the career, we'd make a decision. Is this an athlete that we think can make it to the national level or is just an athlete we think can make it to the international or an Olympic level? And they would put them on different tracks because they believed that peak performance for Olympic athletes need to be delayed actually because for most sports and other sports or it's not the case, they thought that most sports they would peak some of the mid 20s, late mid late 20s, whether optimal window of performance was and so they would actually slow down the training Olympic athletes versus they thought were the international or the national level athletes. They would peak them earlier and they would intense by the training earlier because they thought they had a shorter window to perform. So if they said, look, this is a special athlete rather than accelerating their training, they would actually try to delay it and draw it out so that they had a longer career and they could get to that point. It's kind of the opposite of the way. We do it's optimal, you think. Now, I also had a chance to go to China several times and China takes almost a Russian approach but without this mindfulness of we need to maintain these athletes, right? They have a single population of Chinese, they want to get to the highest level possible, they do a lot of recruiting, I went to work for the judo school, for the Chinese national games and they train like I've never seen. So I get to this school and outside Beijing one time and they wanted me to help train their athletes for upcoming competitions. How did they find you? Where did it go? Yeah, where did it go? There's a company that brings over US coaches over there. And so I show up in day one and they're like, we want you to train our athletes and like, okay, I need to see where athletes do, right? First and so I watch about two and a half hours. Three hour judo practice, it's intense. These kids are going hard from the start. How old were they? Anywhere from like, I think 12, 11, 12 was the youngest up to 18, these were your youth athletes. And so I'm like, okay, I watch them and then they're like, okay, they're going to have lunch and then we want you to do a program with a train program. I would like to do an evaluation for a, maybe like, understand what you know, like, see what's going on. Yeah, so they're like, no, we want you to train them and so I'm like, okay, like, you know, let me see what you can do here and so I just kind of put them through a standard strength train athlete type program for combat sports, just to kind of see whether at see what they were doing. Takes about 90 minutes. Like, we want to give you our best athletes first. These are the most important. Takes 90 minutes and they come back and they say, well, what's going on? I'm like, well, we're done. We're going to do a cool down. They're like, well, no, can you do that again? And I was like, do that again. We're even do that again. And like, well, you have three hours. We have to train them for three hours. Can you just go to the workout again? I don't believe I've lost. I was like, no, I can't go to workout again. The funny thing was, they had a second judo practice session later and evening the same day. I mean, so they do these athletes burn out faster. Of course. Of course. Like, we find you had it. It's just a meat grinder, unfortunately. You know, we finally got, like, finally got some access to like how many injuries they dealt with. We found that 70% of the youth athlete had at least one major reconstruction surgery. 70%. 70%. At least one major reconstruction surgery. While we were there, one of the girls blow the ACL out like four or five days before the competition. And we're like, you need to get an MRI and see what they're like, why would we do that? She's got compete five days. Like, why would we why would we look at imaging? She's got compete. You know, it makes me think about as you're building, you know, as we talk about heart rate variability and recovery. One of the things that I was thinking about is that is it the athletes, let's say you select them young. Is it their innate capacity that you build upon or are they better at recovering? I think it's full, right? And so after working a lot of throughout the toe of the years, one of the big things, obviously, is their skill. Like, they just, they have a better, a kinesthetic awareness, they have better coordination. Like, they just have a gift that they turn to skill and they're sport through lots of practice. The other is they are just recovery machines. And that was the first thing that struck me when I first started with them. They are, they're not. They are. They're just they're just work capacity, recovery monster is least most of them. So when I first started measuring HIV, you know, I was mostly using it myself and then I started working with the T-hawks and looking at their data. And I was like, that's why these guys are in the NFL and I'm not. Because he would watch and they'd go out to a practice and they would come back in practice. We'd measure him because they're doing two days in training camp and you're like, these guys look like they just got a bad, like they're perfectly fine. Like, that two-hour training session would have just obliterated most people and myself included. It did nothing to them. They were, they were prepared for it. They had the work capacity. And so you see this tremendous difference between the elite athletes the world and everybody else. The regular, right? They can just recover their HIV is always higher. They just have a capacity to recover faster than anybody else because part of it's because they've done their whole lives and they just, you know, are used to that. But part of it's just they genetically are superior to human beings and they would argue, you know, it's kind of like the military operators. They would argue and say, no, we just are focused on training. But there has to be some baseline genetic biology. There is. And I'll give you a little secret here. When I was with the C-Hox, one of the the running backs, trying to Alexander, one the NFL MVP for Russian test sounds or Southern Rescord for Russian touchdowns and one, I think the NFL MVP that year. This episode is brought to you by Piori and thank goodness because let's be honest. Most of us think we're doing enough healthy eating. But the truth is we're still falling short, especially when it comes to Omega 3 fatty acids. I don't know about you, but I do not eat salmon every day. But Omega 3 fatty acids are critical for human health. This is backed by science. It supports heart health, reduce inflammation and improve brain function the list goes on. It might help with mood and depression. Now, when I was in my fellowship of Omega 3 fatty acids, we're always on the short list of foundational recommendations. And today, I still recommend and use fish oil as one of the supplements that I always take. But I don't use just any. I use ones that are the highest quality. And to me, that is why I trust Piori's O3 ultra-pure fish oil. It's third party tested and certified by both the Clean Label Project and IFOS, so that you know what you're putting in your body is safe, pure, and effective. Every single batch is tested for more than 200 contaminants. And Piori publishes all of the results online. That's what I call transparency. I trusted so much that I give it to my kids. And it is important for developing brains. I have teamed up with Piori to get you an amazing offer. That's 20% off, site-wide even on the already discounted subscriptions, which means you can save nearly one third of these high quality supplements. Just go to piori.com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor lion at checkout. That's pu-o-r-i.com slash doctor lion and don't forget to use the promo code doctor lion at checkout. That could be wrong. Anyway, Sean hated the lift weight hated train. Just didn't do it. I never saw that guy lift weight. Just didn't do it. But he was didn't matter. He was still able to set the NFL records. For Russian touchdowns, just did not lift. He hated lifting. Go run and had a running coach and did some running stuff. But like dad didn't want to touch away. Ken grippy junior legendary baseball player like his joke was the recliner and the clubhouse was a gym because he just laid back and recliner everyone worked out. I hate to break it to people, but there's a lot more than people think of pro athletes who can succeed despite their training. I mean, have a team of people who have a team of people. They just are genetically gifted team of beings that can do things that nobody else can do. Yes. Even despite genetics, we're going to cover this heart rate variability. I have a definition here. I would love to hear because you, again, have been looking at this for 20 years. And then I want to tell you a story about my sister, which she's going to be embarrassed. But I don't think she'll listen to the podcast. It's okay. Heart rate variability is so it's a non-invasive marker of the autonomic nervous system, right? And it is measuring the balance between sympathetic and parasympathetic input into the heart. Is that right? And it's the if there is 60 seconds in a minute. It's the space between beats. Yeah, it's mostly right. So please correct me. Yeah, it goes back to what you talked about is this balance between the sympathetic and the parasympathetic. So for people aren't familiar. You have these two branches on non-invasive system. Right? You have what we call a sympathetic, the fighter flight. And then we have the parasympathetic with think of this rest and digestive recovery. I don't necessarily love those definitions because then people think it's like a switch that you turn on or off. Like you think like, oh my, I'm fire flight my system. My sympathetic turns on and turns off. No, it's not quite that simple. Or we think that like the rest and digestive turns on. It's these two systems are more like dials. I think is the best way to think of them. Because they can turn up and turn down and they can both be modified independently of one another. So when we're looking at heart rate variability, we're looking really at how the vagus, the parasympathetic is impact in heart itself. And the more that system is impact in heart and given time, the more variability there is in heart meaning if I was to measure your heart rate at 60 beats per minute, you might think, oh, what's very evenly distributed that every one second, you're going to heart beat, but you're not. And that's because the parasympathetic system is active and it's pulsing in a way that's in a rhythm with our respiratory respiration. And that input causes this variability. So the greater the input of that parasympathetic system, the greater that level of variability into the heart. And so we see a different pattern of the heart rate when we see higher parasympathetic system input, then when we see lower parasympathetic input, we're not really measuring the sympathetic system itself directly through heart rate variability, we're measuring that resting level of the parasympathetic system. And so like you imagine, it does meant that it does give us a picture of that balance of what is the body doing right now? How is the body regulating itself in response to the world around it? And to me, that's what comes back to it's understanding that we have a lot of stress in the world, mental stress, physical stress, environmental stress. And our body has to always cope with that and react to that. And the way that it does that is reflected in HRV. And when someone is measuring their HRV, how and there's a lot of you know it's interesting, it seems based on our research. It seems as if is that it is pretty well established as a marker. It's been around for 70 years. Right, but certainly not establishes the only marker. Right, there's HRV, there's respiratory raiders, all of these other inputs that would maybe determine readiness. But from an HRV standpoint, what are the things that, or I suppose, first of all, what is a healthy HRV look like? And what should our HRV? Do we have a sense of, for example, what my HRV should be versus yours or math? Yeah, sure. So the tricky part with all of this is if you think of blood pressure, for example, like we know how to measure that. We're very standardized measurements. We're not going to use two different devices and get totally different numbers for blood pressure. We know, hey, here's a good blood pressure. Here's not so good blood pressure. We measure it in heart rate. We know, okay, we're measuring beats per minute. It's better and more accurate to think about HRV as if this framework to measure this variability. But there are many different ways to calculate the final number. And there are many different devices that can measure it differently. A chest strap, for example, measure it by using a flexible activity. That's the number. That's the number one. Yeah, chest strap is always most accurate. But the P-P-G, the risk-based devices can do it as well. They use a different technique. It gives you slight different numbers to some extent. And then you can end up, like I said, with different calculations that are used. There's what's called time domain. It's what's called frequency domain. There's nonlinear dynamics. There's different calculations to give you heart rate variability. So it's really difficult to say you should be this and I should be this and he should be that because the number you're getting depends on what measurement you're using, what device you're using, when you're measuring, right? There's measuring overnight, which a lot of devices are doing the background. There's the more standardized way to do it, which I believe in, which is measuring it first thing in the morning. And those are all going to give you different numbers. So it's really hard to say you should be this and he should be that because there's just different ways of looking at this and the other one. So yeah, I would say that the most common thing you're going to see is what's called RMSSD. That's the most common measurement technique that devices are using for most part. Nowadays, it helps that does not apply to Apple Watch. The Apple Watch using what's called SD and then you cannot compare the Apple Watch to or any other device that's good to know. Friends, if you use the Apple Watch versus or ring or whoop or something else or Morpheus, you should know that they're different. Yeah, and Morpheus actually is a bit different too. We use RMSSD, the problem with RMSSD. And what is RMSSD? Yeah, so it's just a calculation method where we take the time between each beat. We do some math called the root mean successive square differences, which is just a mathematical model. And that gives us a number in terms of milliseconds, since the average variability in that heartbeat over time. So higher number means there's greater variability. And you want greater variability in general over so in general over the long term you want higher numbers, higher numbers correlate with higher electric fitness and B02, longevity. Because this is a good point and I think I understand mostly what we're trying to achieve in my mind is resilience. How do you define resilient? The ability to cope with stress the world around this in a positive way, I would say. Because again, comes back to where exposed to stress our whole life's physical stress, mental stress, and environmental stress, nutrition. You name it, stress is acting upon us. And it's our autonomic nervous system's job to respond to that stress. So let's give an example. Let's say I'm going to go do a workout. Okay, well in a workout scenario I need more energy than I do a rest, right? So what happens are fire flight system dial turns up so we can create more energy. And at the same time our pair of sympathetic system turns down a bit because we don't need rest and digest and we're out training. We need energy now. Simply way to think about this is anabolic catabolic, some extent. The sympathetic biter flight is mobilized energy. It's more catabolic. The rest digest, pair of sympathetic is more than anabolic side. So with I go work out, my sympathetic system turns on more. My pair of sympathetic system turns down more and now it create a whole lot of energy so I can go out and train. What happens afterwards? This is where we get into resilience and recovery. First thing we have to do is say, we don't need that energy anymore, right? We don't need this big influx. I have big production of energy. Now the sympathetic system has to turn back down. That dial has to come back down to where it was and then simultaneously or in conjunction that pair of sympathetic system has to start to come back up so it can facilitate energy storage and recovery and the endabolic things that follow that, right? The faster and the more efficiently we can do that, the better results and the more adaptful we are because we have to be able to take that workout stress and turn into something positive. Be it better. My locality of function are for rubically stronger muscles from a strength standpoint, more efficient movement. All these things have to happen through those processes of recovery and after the workout. So we don't get stronger in the middle of a workout, right? We get stronger by adapting to that workout afterwards and that happens through that pair of sympathetic system, driving energy into recovery and growth and repair, rather than that sympathetic system, driving energy into dealing with that workout right now. And how that happens over time is what dictates a lot of how our body functions because the more stress we impose on ourselves, the more we have to be able to deal with that stress. If we can't deal with it a positive way, that's where we get negative adaptations, it's an overtraining and overuse injuries. But along Jevys Dam point, it's also where we get chronic inflammation. That's where we get also a hormonal dysfunction. Where we get mitochondrial dysfunction. All these sorts of things happen if our body cannot cope with the stress the world is imposing on us. And part of this is just that inflammatory cascade. St sympathetic system, more pro inflammatory, parasympathetic system, anti-inflammatory. It turns off the inflammation that was created during that sympathetic process. When those two systems get a balance and we start to lose that ability to turn off inflammation, which starts to lose ability to cope with the world around us. This is where aging accelerates. And we know if you look at mitochondrial dysfunction and all these sorts of things, you see how much it is related to all kinds of aging. That is a very big part of where we see this connection between HIV and longevity because we know that HIV is closely related to mitochondrial function, erobic function, this anti-inflammatory reflex, all these sorts of things. So there's a really big connection between all of it. And HIV from your perspective is not a single unit measurement. For example, let's say I wake up. Again, I have two little kids that keep me up. I'm sure the HIV is pretty terrible, totally in the tank. And that might just be a season of life, right? Because I don't get good sleep. It's not that moment to moment or day to day. It's probably, and I suppose I should ask you, it's over a, over seasons, over years, right? It's both, right? So as a, so we look at two to two standpoints. We look at where you are in a day to day basis to understand how the world around us is having impact. And what I mean by that is, if we see these big fluctuations in your, your HIV from day to day, that's the body reacting to a lot of stress, right? Even though we, it might be out of our conscious awareness. Sure, 100% like a lot of times you feel the effects of stress after it's already had an impact on you. And sometimes you see much different results in HIV and you expect. By an a daily basis, we're looking at how much it might change in. And if it's again, it's a big fluctuations from one day to the next, it means your body is coping with a lot of stress. If we see over time, that number going up or going down, that indicates how your overall resilience, how your overall, what fitness is changing. So over time, we want it, we'd like to see increases up to healthy levels, right, through a robot fitness training and all these things that can be boosted HIV from lifestyle standpoint. What's the biggest one? A robot fitness by far. A robot fitness, so we go to 100%. So you have to understand the recovery system. It's driven by aerobic metabolism, right? When you say recovery system. Well, I mean, when the pair is from the system driving energy into ourselves for growth and a pair, we're functioning aerobically in that case. It's driven by mitochondrial function. And it's driven by the mitochondria, giving the right amount of energy to the cells that need it. So we have 30 plus trillion cells in our body, which is a lot of cells. And the all need energy, the question is which cells could energy, which cells could how much energy and when that's with the odd non-nuclear systems figuring out. It's saying, hey, your muscles have to produce more energy, your brain needs to function higher level, your heart has to function boom, put energy into those cells so they can go to their job. Then it's saying, oh, that work out stressful. When you rebuild those muscles to use it, got damage. We need to restock their glygogen stores. We need to do all these things from up rows, put energy into those cells. And so the autonomic nervous system is communicating and using our mitochondria to derive energy into these different tissues that need it when they need it. More effectively, we can do that. The more effectively you're going to live a healthier, longer life. And that comes down to the real excited equation because the robotic system is what's deriving the energy in 99% of our life. We're really only using an anaerobic energy. It's necessary to do things are higher force and higher power. But the aerobic system turns on where it is there for one more life and as soon as we don't have oxygen in the energy, we're dead within a few minutes. So it's so fundamental and we see this connection between heart rate of variability and robust fitness across the board. It's just the way it is. And the way to improve and I want to say increase or decrease because you point out that somewhat relative to the person. If we recognize HRV as a marker of readiness, is that fair to say or longevity or... Yeah, I mean, I was, again, I would say it's a marker of resilience in terms of your at... So I would say this, we see your average baseline HRV. That is a marker of how influential and how effective your perish-impact system is. Your recovery system, the more effective that system is, the higher that baseline level, that's what we're measuring, the baseline level of HRV. The more you're able to turn off the stress is, it comes at you and adapt to it. So basically, if I have higher HRV on average, it just means in general I'm better at dealing with stress. And that has a lot of benefits. If it's lower on average, it has a lot of detriment because I can't deal stress as effectively. And that's also why she athletes, the high-level, a very high HRV, because they are just machines. And it makes me think of the individuals that I suppose that we're running a marathon if we were to put the two together, those with greater aerobic fitness might be more resilient. Of course. Which, again, I think is fascinating. Is there a minimum dose response to improve HRV? For example, we have the recommendation for 150 minutes of moderate to bigger effectiveness. Do we know if that input is enough to improve HRV in any meaningful way? I mean, yeah, depends on where your stardings are going to go. So if you just substitute the word like aerobic fitness, for HRV, you're probably going to get the answer, which is, yeah, of course, if someone is fairly unfit, they start training. But I also, what I mean, starting to interrupt, but you've seen thousands of people over time. And so, I mean, and also to be fair, you're taking care of very highly trained individuals. But I'm sure not all of them were aerobically fit because it just depends on what their sport of choices. So I'm curious as to what you see as a, and it's difficult, right, because a global, the idea of a global foundational program is probably impossible because a specialization. And someone doing due to it's a versus someone playing football versus someone who's like Justin Gattlin or a track star. But is there, say, a minimum input that you see just somewhat across the board for a similarly to, I know that I would never recommend less than 100 grams of dietary protein. Sure. Yeah, I would say at a bare minimum, maybe three days a week of some sort of physical or aerobically driven activity, probably 80% of that in the lower end of the spectrum, there's only two type cardio and, you know, 20-ish percent on higher intensity. If you get three days in, you're going to improve your HRV at a baseline level. That's, that's going to diminish as you get higher and higher with fitness. But I would just say, starting out, you need three days a week of doing something physical. And again, someone who's just now the couch can still make progress with, like my producer. Yeah. Yeah, well, some people see that if you get it every day. The lower you're at, the bigger your room improvement, the factor is going to happen with less work. And that changes over time, obviously. I like that you're saying that it changes over time. And one of the things I think you're now very interested is in this idea of longevity. How do we maintain a healthy HRV over time? Does that mean we need to continuously increase the stimulus to improve HRV over time? Yeah, I mean two things here. One is there's a genetic component to HRV, which I want to point out. Just like, is it 50 percent or? I mean, the papers you read are all over the map. Yeah. It's hard to put that as a true number. I don't think we have a great answer. And that I would say it's, I don't know, 40 percent somewhere in that range. And I've seen this all the time. But you'll all have people walking out the street. They're clearly not in good aerobic physical condition. They have worked out maybe in years, maybe the neighborhood of all accounts looks poor. And you'll test rates are being good. And it's good. It's very good. The same thing. You see people are, yeah, but you see it. I'm sure you see people that come in, maybe they don't look at it, but they're healthy. They're carrying more fat. They should be. They're diets terrible. And then you test them. They look great. They're just that in the genetic spectrum. And then you see the opposite. And I even put myself in this category. Which I would love to hear you mention a little bit about this stuff that we were talking about because it's just so important. Yeah. So genetically, I've always had low-rater v, then I should. So what I mean by that is if I look at some of the aerobic fitness, there'll be a two-max, a rest-in-heart rate, other markers of actual aerobic performance, you can kind of assume roughly where you think they should be, or from an age-urvy standpoint. Because there's a very broad correlation, like, say, between B.O.2 and HRV. I've always been the much lower end of that. Maybe it's because early in my life, I did a lot more of female weights for a long time than I focused on a condition side. Maybe it's because it's genetically, you know, my family has low-rater v, which I've seen now. But there are multiple reasons for it. And so when I looked at my own HRV relative to where it should have been, it was always on the lower end. And I took that, you know, it's kind of ironic. Right? That's ironic. It is, you know. But it was just a reinforcement of, like, this is a genetic thing. I've always been a strength and power athlete. I was, you know, I've squatted five and five hundred, spent some of the four hundred draw. Same. You know, perfect. You know, when I was younger, that's what I love to do is lift weights. And, you know, that's what I did. And it really wasn't until my 20s, I started to take the condition side more seriously as I trained his athletes. But regardless, you know, I've always seen that in my family who has a very bad history of cardiac problems. I think we were talking about this. So my mom had a stroke when she was 61. She had severe cardiovascular disease, needed three stents. She then had sarcadosias at the lungs. And that she had breast cancer. And so it was a series of things, obviously. I got to see very clearly what happens when you lose your mobility, what happens when you lose your ability to get up and do the things you want to do. Because it's so energetically demanding for you and so hard. She started by hundred and ten pounds. She ended up in the 90 pounds. So severe sarcabinia bone density was terrible, obviously. And it was just a very heartbreaking thing to watch. And her, you know, go through life for the last ten, twelve years of life and it's such a miserable state. It's very difficult to see. Very difficult to see. And you realize, I think at that point, your ability to do the things you love to. And as you age, it's so important. I'm not someone who has a perfectly structured morning routine. My days are full. And like most of you, I need something that supports my focus clarity and energy without wrecking my nervous system. And that's where our sponsor, Mudwater, comes in. It's not coffee. It's something that I feel is a little bit better for me midday. Mudwater is made with functional mushrooms, adoptogens, and organic ingredients like cacao and turmeric. It has no sugar, no artificial junk, just clean, focused energy. It gives me a mental lift without making me feel like I'm going to jump out of my skin. I used to use coffee, but switched to this mid afternoon. And I love it. It supports mood, immunity, and focus. But what I really appreciate is how it helps me stay even. Again, no jitters, no midday energy dip, just steady, grounded, focus. And if you are someone who's been thinking about cutting back your caffeine or just want something a little different. I highly recommend you give Mudwater a try. Go to mudwater that's MUD, WTR.com, slash doctor lion, and use the coder lion to get up to you heard this right. 43% off your starter kit. That's mudwater.com, slash doctor lion, and use the coder doctor lion. And I'd go to retirement community with her and I'd watch these people. And you see a mix. You see people who were just kind of resigned to their fate. They weren't trying that hard. They were just kind of waiting to die as sad as that as to say. And then you see people who are the opposite. She had this friend named Peggy. Peggy was 94 and she had this little walker and she would go to my mom's room and she would drag my mom to every field trip that they ever had. And she would just sit there and say, you have to do everything that you can, dear, you have to do everything that you can. And she had the most positive spirit I've seen and Peggy made it to 95 like that. Like she went on a field trip and then the next issue was gone. But till the very end, I love that. She was active and doing the thing that she loved. I think that's how we all want to live our lives. But I saw the opposite of that in my mom's spirit just slowly sucked away from her in that scene. But kind of back to the story. So I was aware that genetically I had a, you know, not cardiovascular disease. So my dad, a heart attack at 62. No, sorry. He had a heart attack in his late 50s and then had a trip quadruple double bypass early 60s and died a year later. My brother at my age now 45 had three two stents put in and both grandpa's died in the early different heart attacks. I knew I had the bat in the stick as far as the next guy was for it. Yeah, yeah. It was coming for me. And so, you know, and knowing the nature he was lower was also a symptom, right? It was, it was, it was a clear indicator that there was probably something there. What about your, just out of curiosity, your resting heart rate? Low 50s. Your, oh God. Okay, because some people I think genetically no matter how much. But it's taken me a lot. So I would say it takes me a lot to get the Marius and Hartman low 50s. It takes me a lot more cardiovascular work. And I have to cut back my strength training to hate to say it. But if it was after me, I would lift weights five days a week and do his middle of cardiovascular. But it doesn't work. So that's informing your decisions. 100%. Uh, that's bad news for me. Unfortunately. So I'll keep telling story and we can, we can get there. But so again, I was aware of all this sort of thing. And my pre-sposition was towards lifting weights being strong, feeling heavy, you know, feeling muscle. I used to be 230 to 35. Really? How much you know? 205 to 10. So as I got more and more aware of this, when I was taking my mom to the cardiologist, I would say, hey, what do I need to do to prevent being in the situation, right? I'm in the health space. Like I wanted to do everything I can to prevent this. So in my 20s, like 20, I started getting blood work every six months. Life extension, I would do an MR lipoprophile, it looks like some cholesterol. I would do CRP, I would do, you know, mix of things depending on the look my hormones, testosterone, like everything CRP was shown in a love, but something super fast, when I would lift weights and measure CRP the next day, it would be like six, which is very high. What about your liver enzymes? On normal all-perfect. They always stayed normal. Yeah, what's fascinating is I took two different biological age test markers that also that was between 10 and 12 years younger, both of them, set out between 10 and 12 years younger, biologically than I am. Now, great. Great, right? So I'm thinking, oh, I'm good. And cholesterol was never bad. So my cholesterol was like 100 to 110. I think the worst ever size was 120 different holidays. All my metabolic panel numbers look good, passing glucose. And for those who are listening, you are a very trim, lean. You know, sometimes there's a creasing in the ear for cardiovascular disease. Have you seen that sound? You don't have that. I mean, my skin does not show me your contacts is looking great. Yeah, perfect. So yeah. All my metabolic numbers looked healthy, basically. They did not signal like, oh, this person's at risk for things. But your glycerides are always in the 50s and 60s. Wow. And for people listening, we like to see it less than 100. Yeah. I mean, all those numbers basically, all these things. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's always the top of the chart. So as I was seeing this cardiologist, we're going to my mom to him. He was like, look, all your numbers are great. You've clearly exercise, like all signs are good. Like, I'm not worried about you. You know, come back in your 40 and we can do some more testing. So that was very hardening, right? Like, I'm thinking, okay, I'm doing the right things. All my numbers look good. And I continue to test every six months, I have years, I've years of my blood work. And I wasn't testing the little aid back then, but I have since then. So regardless, 40 comes around and COVID hits and I'm 40. So, you know, the odds of me going back in there to get prevented screening were not high. I tried to actually call and they wouldn't even like, no, you can't get it. Because you had no abnormal. Yeah, no occurs. It was not emergency, right? So long story short, you know, I'm just kind of resting the fact like, hey, my my my my my VO2 max is in low 50s, not like marathon runner by any stretch, but for 45, that's not too bad. Where do someone want their VO2 max? I mean, higher for long jeopardy scenes, we better at 50s at my age is in the top probably 10, 20%. So all numbers again, look like I'm on the right track. And so last year, I'm like finally make the point, get back to the same cardiologist and he does the EKG, listen, my heart like, looks my numbers again. He's like, oh, you're doing great. The EKG was normal. Totally normal. But could you have looked at a heart rate variability with the EKG? Like, you couldn't, but there's this and it's not really designed to do it. It's interesting because I as I was prepping for your podcast nearly everyone gets an EKG, try to reach it. But you could tack it on as a biomarker and then we would have a tremendous amount of data. Of course. So like additional data. The first HRV system I use, like I mentioned, we actually had to do a full 60 D.C.J. EKG. So we were doing that. So yeah, of course, in the hospital, setting, they could get that. They just aren't trying to bring it. But it would be interesting. So we would be very cautious that we're listening to this. 100% fascinating. It would probably just be another algorithm in which we would put it out. It would be another biomarker pay attention to. Okay. So long story short, he's like, no, you're not me. He does another blood panel. It's like your numbers are great. Dessie KG, everything sounds great. Like you're on your good track. I keep it up. And in the back of my mind, I'm thinking like, let's do something more than this because, you know, I want to make 100% sure that I'm doing the right things and things are in the right direction. So I'm like, what about going to CT and you're Graham? It's something Peter Tia talked about. I like just meant through his book and he mentioned CT and you Graham. And I'd heard about it before, you know, five years ago, but it wasn't super common. And he's like, we said, yeah, you could do that. You could do calcium score, CTA, like it wouldn't hurt, you know, like everything looks great. But if you want to do it, you know, it's 1500 bucks on a pocket, biomeans view what? Did you do a CT and your Graham or did you do it clearly? Hard and anti-blad. I did the CT and your Graham gets soft and hard plaque. Clearly it's just the AI algorithm that tried to quantify that, right? So I found a radiologist who's great in my area. She just out of pocket CT and your Graham. She reads soft plaque as well. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's the fault. So just for your listeners, you get a calcium score. That's just the hard plaque. And that's like 200 bucks, right? Doesn't tell you anything you're expected to be zero. You expected to be zero. Or you can get the full CT and your Graham, which is just the same process. But they put contrast dye to the soft plaque. Right. And then the clearly is an algorithm that looks at the results of the CT and your Graham and then tries to quantify the percentages of soft plaque. And this is the cardiologist, are the radiologists I worked with used to sign off on the clearly reports. So what they do is they have the CT and your Graham spits out the imaging and then clearly doesn't out rhythm. And then I really all just reviews it and signs off on it. And she said that she was finding discrepancies 15, 20% of time from what clearly would save or so what she saw really radiographically. And so she stopped signing off on them, but she still thinks there's some value to it. So just that I curiosity me to remove on because I do think hard and soft plaque. And you are an example of why measuring hard and soft plaque is important. How does she or how do you, how does one recommend making sure that you're getting? Well that's the fault you see in the end of the game. So the fault CT and your Graham is like said it's usually like 1200 to 1600 dollars. They put you at the CT, they put you back out, they put in contrast and they put you back in. If you're doing that process, you know because you're paying for it. It's a lot more expensive. And you feel like you're paying down your legs. Yeah exactly. Yeah, it's a little weird. Yeah. But if you're getting that done, you're getting hard and soft plaque. Right. For instance, just a CT. Yeah, if you're paying 200 bucks, you're probably just going to single calcium score or maybe calcium scores are the different corning arteries. But you're not going to contrast die. That's the biggest difference. The biggest thing is the end state is that hard plaque, but the soft plaque is what calcified into the hard plaque. And if you don't see the soft plaque, you could potentially have a zero calcium score, but still have a fair amount of soft plaque. That's right. Hidden. And that's the problem. Is that what happened to you? No, I have pulled unfortunately. So I get the CT and G Graham. And again, there was 1500 bucks out of pocket. And I say this because for most people, that's not a small amount of money. Right. But it's your life is on a line here. How many times you spend 15 bucks on cars and far less important things? So I get the CT and G Graham. And it completely unbeknownst to me, my good friend from high schools, his wife, his the lab tech and I had no idea that she was working there was complete random coincidence. And so I get done the CT. She's running it. And I get done them. Oh, I'm great, right? And she kind of like looks at me and doesn't say much. I'm like, uh, this can't be good. It's can't be good. And so she's like kind of like, you know, giving me a look, but she can't say anything because she's the lab tech. She's not the radiologist. And so sure enough, I mean, he's readologist. And she's like, um, yeah, you've got some significant blockages here. You know, my calcium score is 1,300 and you want zero at my age. 1,300 is very high. Very high. Now, part of that could be because one of the things the the cardiologist did tell me to do is take a live, uh, read rice yeast, which has a natural current level stat in it. And statins, calcify soft plaques. So that could be why my score was much higher than it would have been if I hadn't taken one. That was one take on it. But regardless, I had a 50% blockage in the LED, which is what I make, or which is considerable. Um, and for the for listeners, we don't make errors typically when people when you hear someone having a massive heart attack and don't. Yeah, that's why they call it one to have video. So we don't want to have them with black. Yeah, well, you're aware. What can I say? Yeah. So, you know, obviously I'm shocked. I went into this thinking I was going to get the thing done to validate. I was doing all the right things. And I come out with a pretty, you know, shocking diagnosis of a blockage. So I go back to cardiologists and kind of like, what, you know, why did you do that? Like, I kind of frustrated because I really wish I had been told to do this earlier. It would have tricked something out and I was not, and I just reminder, you have to look at your health and your own hands. Yeah, you're on your own hands. Yeah, yeah, I should, I mean, I did in the sense that he didn't even tell me to go get the CTN degree. I'm going to ask, I was a hate should I go do this? Well, to be fair, all of your markers were normal, but the difference is, and I'm sure you're a radiologist friend, would agree, is that you had a significant family history? Yes. Of cardiovascular disease. I was there with my mom. Yes. So that's unusual. And we, you know, we have a full medical practice still to this day. A shout out to you guys, your best Dr. Lisa and team. We typically always recommend individuals get and listen at your age or a little bit younger late 30s early 40s. People are very resistant. They will say, listen, all of my markers look good. Just like you don't, L. P. L. L. L. L. L. L. L. S. 25, A. B. B. All of it, total cholesterol, triglycerides, and people will not want to do that. Yeah, I mean, I have friends now. I'm, so I've been, so every since I had done, I've been training convince my friends. I have high risk to go get it done because why not, right? And when you define high risk, you mean, I'm looking at cardiovascular, I'm going to cardiovascular disease history above all else at this point and talking to the radiologists, genetics, right? So anyone that I know is most likely to fit in the space and they're in my mind's frame, instead of, oh, I'm fit, like I'm probably fine. But if I, you know, talking to them, hey, do you have cardiovascular fit in a history? All the ones that have it, I'm like, you need to go get this check. And friends, all the ones that don't. If you do not know your family history, you, I would strongly encourage you to either get with our practice or get with a practice that is willing to order it. Yep, because that's really good. You can get the calcium score. If you don't want to spend the fishing or a box, I understand that. The 200-hour calcium test is sometimes insurance covers that 200 bucks, you're getting at least some, and you're getting a good marker. It's not as- Or advanced cardiovascular lab markers, which is unusual. So the big question is, then you start on medication, right? Yeah. So yeah, well, actually, the first thing I do to stress echo. And so I think this is least somewhat reaffirming our reassuring. He did the stress echo, miserable tests. I do the Bruce Pericles test, which is an incline and speed up by the V8. I'm surprised you say it's a miserable test. It's not just hearing how fat you do. I'm going to finish the test. But the Bruce Pericles, who's talking about busted crops is you're on a incline, they're pushing you up to your max, max effort. Yeah. I finished the test. I finished the test. Twenty-one minutes. Which they really see. It's terrible. It's easy until you get to like, I think it's like 15 percent incline at like six miles an hour. We don't have a break. We're all number one. And you had to have your hand on the treadmill, which is another problem. But again, it wasn't in the world. I finished it. He looks at everything. He's like, look, you have no waschemia. Your heart looks great. Everything's functioning really well. So that was reaffirming. And again, the fact of my brother, my age, who didn't work out, who had much higher stress life, style than I did, he died of probably more cyclical accident. Unfortunately, he's when he would have been. It's terrible. But in his 40s, my age, he had to have a strength put in. He had to have strength and I did not. So if you had not, this is there's three things. Number one, I'm sorry. You lost your brother. Number two, had you not been doing the behaviors that you have been. That's worse. Probably much worse. Number three, if you have a family history, someone, whether your blood markers are good, you should be evaluated. 100%. When you went through treatment and for everyone listening, you were doing all the cardiovascular, all the weightlifting, although you were telling me that last weightlifting, more cardio now, did it change a heart rate variability? So here's a long story. I mean, no. No, it does. Actually, but what's fascinating to me is that statins have been pecking HIV in a positive way, yeah? Positive way. But interesting way. But going back to that. So when I did, so once I got diagnosed, I need to understand this more. I did a bunch of genetic testing on everything. I just sterile testing and I'm basically a hybrid. Who did it? What? sterile testing. Oh, yeah. I'm a hybrid producer. Well done. Yeah, I'm a hybrid cholesterol producer, which also tells me that because my cholesterol was not super high, it tells me that my diet was poor. It probably would have been super high, which would have spiked things even more. Right? So I think there's clear indications that things I was doing and still do was massively helpful. Then I looked at a bunch of genetic markers as well, and I have a, they call the heart attack gene quote unquote. It's endothelial dysfunction. And basically, the vascular smooth muscle cells tend to be hyper-prolifitive and those smooth muscle cells can proliferate become part of the plaque themselves. And it causes basically, you know, and feel dysfunction as I said, which makes you more prone to inflammation. So it's possible, you know, maybe years of heavy lifting exacerbated some of that was just, I don't know about that. It's possible. Endothelial dysfunction. So if you, how are you measuring that? Milo proxities and I've never been measured your tests. I'm just going to connect like we had. I'd be hard pressed to believe you're training resistance training if you were covering well would. Yeah, you wouldn't think so, but I would say the interesting thing to me is like I said, I've now sent seven different people into the spirit garden in the Goga CT Anger Grams and six of them have had blockages that were in high calcium scores that are ages. And they're all lifelong athletes and lifters. Also, if you look at there was two papers, the Mark 1 and Mark 2, M.A.R.C., which is measuring athletes risk of cardiovascular disease. They found that lifelong athletes, often had a higher calcium score. It's internal public and more marks. Interesting. That's interesting. Well, have to look at those. So that could be, that would be interesting if you're producing more reactive oxygen species. Yeah, and there's, I mean, I personally think most things have U-shaped curves, right? Like, more is, some is good, more is better until it's not in this worse. If you look at some of the papers on longevity, we discussed where I stand over and they looked at dose response of strength training. And you do see that about three sessions a week of strength training is where we tend to be the most benefit associated with that. Can't prove causation. But you do see that the five, six days a week people seem to have risk of the wrong direction in these multiple studies and trials. Again, I'm not saying that strength training itself is inherently bad, but I will tell you in my experience what happens is if we do lots of high-plush or high blood pressure work, those arterial walls become thicker. There's no question about that. And your HRV is lower. I can tell you that for decades of looking at HRV that chronic weightlifting, heavy weightlifting, power lifters, strength athletes, they have lower HRV because they have less cardiac output and they have much more thick and cardiovascular system in general, right? The vascular smooth muscle cells become thicker, the walls become more dense and more fibrosovertime, your left-endial thickens in the way that can handle high blood pressures. It's just a response to high blood pressure, right? The body gets better at deal high blood pressure. It's a way it does that is by the vascular system adapting by becoming thicker and more rigid. That's not a great thing in the long run. And it's the opposite we see in the Roboxide where we're training elasticity and the vascular system more or less. So I'm not blaming my condition by any stretch on, if you wait, I'm not saying that by anything. But I do think genetically, you know, you have to be aware of where your strength that weakness is are and probably for me, focusing on the Robox system in my entire life would probably have been you know, a benefit versus focusing on not telling anything. I think that's valuable in the way that HRV could direct and inform. Links or missing links to what is potentially personalized training. Right? There's this desire to be big and strong, but perhaps there's something else that can inform the direction from a long-density sample. Yeah, I think the problem is we like to do what we're good at. I was always strong and the Robox side was never my strong point. And so I like to revert back to when I get at most people do. I love lifting weights. I saw great. But I progress, building Robox system was always harder for me. It was not the easiest thing in the world. So I did less of it just and apparently, right? So it's a good reminder. It's often more effective to be attacking a weak points and just reinforcing what you're already good at. And especially if it's on longevity side, we know how important the Robox system is. We know how important V02 and do you care how one gets to improve the V02 Max as a coach? For example, do you know Martin Gabala? Yeah, out of McMaster University. He's been on the show. We'll be seeing him here shortly. Do you think that it matters how someone improves their V02 Max from a heart rate variability for example? Could you do high intensity intervals and improve your V02 Max? And then thus have a positive influence on your heart rate variability or does one need to do slow steady state and then that also improves V02 Max. But the means to the end of the improvement in V02 Max is still the same metric. But the input to get there was different. Do does either, hopefully I'm I'm making that clear and does either input change the heart rate variability more or less? Well, I think if we look at a long picture, long-term picture and just my own anecdotal experience, we build a foundation for a higher V02 ceiling through the lower intensity work. Joel and I have been talking all about heart rate variability and recovery. And if you've been following me for a while, you know I take light exposure seriously. Why? Because it impacts your sleep hormones, mood and even your ability to recover and focus. That's why I use one of the sponsors, which is bond charge. bond charge creates science back tools to help you live in better alignment with your biology, especially in a world that is overloaded with artificial light. Their blue light blocking glasses are a staple in our house. They help me wind down my nervous system and protect circadian rhythms, especially after a heavy screen day. I also use their infrared mats with my kids just laying out chilling. It is amazing. It also helps me feel relaxed towards the end of the day. And if you've never tried red light therapy, let's face it. You know you're missing something. Their devices are some of the best quality that I have ever seen. Great for skin, mitochondrial health, supporting overall resilience. And if you care about optimizing your sleep and recovery or just reducing your relationship with stress and your environment, bond charge is the place to start. Head to bondcharge.com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor lion to get 15% off your entire order. That's BONCHARGE.com. It's simple, proven, designed beautifully and effective to help you leverage your biology not fight against it. And there's two reasons for that. One, we want to increase two things to build the well, the biggest thing to raise BO2 in the long run is heart size. And we see this in a bunch of research. A bigger heart can pump out more blood and more oxygen. And at the end of the day, that's what's going to limit BO2 is how big your heart is. And that's where a lot of the next comes into it. If you have a bigger heart, you have higher capacity for cardiac output, you have more stroke volume. You can have a higher VO2. We know that lower intensity training causes the heart to dilate more. You get a bigger left ventricle and you get more antigenesis. You get more advanced development. And those things happen through lower intensity training. We also know we get more fat oxidation. We're going to slow cardio because we're focusing on brain fat, Brazil's high intensity training. So I think it's pretty well, and instead at least an endurance world. And I think mostly now starting to populate down to the rest of the world. The lower intensity you do more of that. You do the more you set the ceiling for a higher VO2. So somebody could say in the six week period, I did a bunch of high intensity. And I got better results from a VO2 than if I just did lower intensity. Sure, you probably did because you just put your bargaret in a more load. But I think your ceiling will be less high. We lower than if you would spent the time doing the lower intensity work. So I think the answer depends on what's the ultimate goal? Is that ultimate goal to raise your VO2 for next six weeks? Or is ultimate goal to raise your VO2 to the highest levels over next six, 10, 20 years? And if all you do is high intensity training, you will ultimately limit your ceiling and where that VO2 can get to. And that's just, I mean, we see a research. If you look at even if the infamous Tabata study, right, they had seven people in each of those groups. The high intensity group that the Tabata intervals increased their VO2 slightly more over the course of the study. But in the second half, the second three weeks, it basically stayed flat versus the endurance group that did the lower intensity, it increased fairly uniformly across the full six weeks. So that's fascinating. Yeah, I think that are we the problem with research in this context? Specifically in, and look at, look at, we're just looking at training research of like, okay, very challenging. It's very challenging. If we say, hey, is high intensity, a lower intensity better? If we have six weeks, which is what a lot of studies are, 10 weeks, eight weeks, whatever, high intensity will win. It's just a, it's a greater stimulus in the body. It's like saying, if we have two people lifting weights, one did a bunch of three rep, five rep maxes, and the other group did like 10 to 12 reps. Yeah, the three to five rep maxes and get better three to five rep maxes and be stronger. But does that mean every athlete should just do nothing but lift three to five reps every time? No, you need to build muscle, you need to build a pound. It's the same. I would say it's the same exact concept actually. If you said, hey, I want to get as strong as possible, and I just did a bunch of heavy lifting, I would maximize my neurological component, and I would eventually hit a peak where I couldn't get any stronger unless I built more muscle. Right? It's the same thing. If I just do high intensity, I will maximize the cardiovascular adaptations I have to get to the highest B2, then capable of with that physiology. But if I want to develop a higher B2 that increases over time, I have to build a physiological foundation. That's where the lower intensity work comes in. It builds that process of change within the body within the vascular system, within the cardiac capacity itself, to raise the potential for how much V02 I can deliver down the road. It's a very similar process. That's a really good point. I will say that I typically dismiss a slow steady state, and I might have to reconsider that. Yeah, I just think about it. But here's the caveat to all of this. Yeah. There's a lot of genetics in that. So if a person has a high genetic B02, they can probably get away with doing less of it because they already have that higher genetic potential. Anyway, they already have a bigger heart to start with. They already have better cardiovascular lungs or bigger. They just have that innate capacity. Those people will build it faster. I would also say people that spent a youth doing team sports or doing endurance sports. They build a foundation from a youth perspective that probably will make it much easier for them to do it later in life. In my case, I can tell you that looking at athletes who are lifelong strength athletes, they have a much harder time. Building high VO2 without that foundation. The worst part is I hate it. Like they don't like doing. I don't love doing low intensity cardio. But do you do it? Do you think that's a new one? Do you think that's a new one? I mean, I hate to use this generic answer, but you need to have a much to take to get better. I mean, it's tough because training stimulus and the conversation around training and longevity is much more complicated from a biometric standpoint of heart rate variability, blood pressure, the inputs and the training inputs are so much more challenging than say is a physician who studies nutritional sciences. That's so much easier. I mean, I mean, everything's modified by what you did before. And I think yeah, that's the other thing you realize with HIV. We can talk a lot about is what you aid for breakfast, how your sleep was, what you work at was yesterday, where you're at in different cycles, all of those things will modify the response that work out to HIV. It'll change response that work out. And the biggest thing people failed to understand is HIV is this aggregate. It's the total picture of stress response. And that's the total picture of how your body is coping the world around you. It's not just, hey, you work out. HIV does this. Hey, you do eat this food. HIV does that. Like it's just nowhere near that simple because the body is now responding to just one thing. It's responding to literally everything that's making choices based on the whole picture of your life. But how can that inform that would be challenging them to have it in form decisions because if we know that the biggest driver would be say a robeck fitness. Then if someone has a poor HRV, you add in a robeck activity. Now their HRV is improved, but not necessarily because maybe they're not sleeping or they are having a high cognitive load or it's cold outside. Yeah, I mean, that's the sneeze that I don't know. So that's that's a difference between what I would say daily changes in HRV, which reflect those things and long-term changes in your baseline HRV. So yeah, in daily basis, if I get a pornoist sleep or I have a bunch of alcohol or whatever, like, yeah, that's going to probably tank my HRV for that day. But over the long-term, if I'm building your robeck fitness and doing things takes to build the robeck side, that average will go up over time. And that's what we're looking for. I would say the single thing that you can do to stop over and laser HRV is just look at it in a weekly and a monthly basis. A weekly basis. Oh, absolutely. A weekly basis. I'm looking at weekly basis more than looking at daily these days because it's very informative of two things. Am I trending a certain direction over that week? And how much variability is there in that? I love that. Most people will say, look at a daily, right? My, a lot of my friends are wearing all these different devices and they're like, oh my HRV is, or I'll get calls from patients. My HRV is terrible. I'm getting sick and yeah, I mean, like daily basis can be informative, but it's just one data point. Then like, rate of picture. And it is dependent on you measure an accurately at the same time of day or, you know, using a device very consistently and making sure that you're getting good accurate data. But that single day is just one single day. It's just telling you what you're, what your body's doing. Right. Now it's like being example would be if I woke up in the morning, I was a pound heavily on what's yesterday. Am I going to throw out my entire diet because I was maybe a pound heavy on the I was going to be or make it, oh, maybe I ate a little bit too much yesterday. My hydration's off or whatever. What else really impacts HRV units? That's something really interesting. You define resilience as the ability to withstand stress around you. How much of HRV is? And then you spoke about the woman was turning pegi. Yeah, pegi. Pegi sound like she had a really positive outlook. How do we know the influence of mood on HRV? Huge. I mean, look, when we are stressed out about something, it is a physiological response. Our heart rate is higher. Our rest in HRV at that point is lower because we are, by definition, turning out say we have to kind of define stress. Me stress is anything that turns that sympathetic dial up. And so stress is not like a on-off switch or yesterday, it's a degree how much stress are we under. It's how much is that sympathetic system activating. So if we sit here and we look at social media and we look at politics and we watch the news, it's very easy for us to be sympathetically dominant or driven because it would stress out, right? There's stock markets going all over. Like this life around us is very stressful. And to me, that is, and after years looking this as as much or probably more of a player in your HRV on a daily basis than you work out, is the final thing because- That's fascinating. When it comes down to is the workout to hour a day, right? Maybe nine minutes, maybe two hours. The rest of your life is a rest of your in China and you're in a two-to-a-chrain. So there were seven hours in that. No, as more it was at least that they would do five workouts and they told me there were company workout in the morning for injured athletes, wasn't there? Recovery session I walked it was a workout, there were plyometrics. Yeah, but the big picture of your life is it's twenty-friars a day, it doesn't stop when you end your workout. It's where the recovery process starts, right? So mental stress is a huge, huge component of this and I can give you endless examples. I had this pretty early on actually my, you know, using HRV. I had this guy from Microsoft. He was an executive, he was in his 40s and he was a volleyball player, recreational. He's like, I want to increase my vertical jump. Well, the biggest problem he's missing one of his big toes, which is not the best recipe for the vertical jump. He's totally fine. But he was like a really wanting to increase my vertical jump and I also keep full of my ankle. And so I said, okay, let's get to work. And he never done much training other than play volleyball. So I've measured his HRV come to twice a week and back then we didn't have mobile apps. I had to put my whole system on him and I could only measure we came in the evening. So I only saw him twice a week. First 46 weeks his vertical jump goes up and everything's going great and then it platoes. I start to increase load and then it starts going back down. And it's I'm like, why is this happening because when he's coming in this twice a week, like he looks pretty good. Like his recovery looks okay. And so I'm like, okay, I'm clearly not seeing the big picture here. And so I said, look, if you really want to get your vote up, what you've cleared you do, we're going to have to look at more probably bigger picture here and look at your lifestyle outside just two days a week. So first thing I do is have to do a dialogue. He's drinking 25 cans of that coke a day because he worked Microsoft and it's right next to the refrigerator. So that was problem number one. But problem number was it the caffeine or just the I think it's just stimulus? Yeah, it was just it was caffeine. It shouldn't all be long and there's something wrong with that. Matt, we are in trouble. The caffeine lower your HRB a lot of it. But it also is going to be dependent on whether how you synthesize it. You know, I'm T right if you have a, if you're fast and tablazer if you're much less of a, I'm a fast, I'm a fast, I'm a tough one. What's interesting for me personally is I've always I'm a fast metabolizer and I've always been able to have caffeine pretty late in the day and not effectively sleep until now it does in my 40s. Something changed and now it affects me more. It's changing the working out. It didn't use to affect me night. I could work out night, no problem. Now impact me asleep greatly. So we change over time. Anyway, the second problem is when I had him start coming in and measuring HRB every day and early in a day so I could see his bigger picture when it found out was he was playing video games until like four o'clock the morning on three nights a week. Well, he does did work at Microsoft. Yeah, and he was up late. And so that was absolutely killing his recovery. I just couldn't see it and looking at twice. He was asleep or the stimulus. It was both. It was both. They're a little bit, they're linked. And so very quickly I'm like, oh, this is why you're not improving, right? Because three nights a week your sleep is trash and you're mentally stressed out of your mind playing this video game on that long. And still he'll be fixed that. He's a vertical jump on up two inches just just by making a change in his lifestyle. Same thing. Oh, another example. We had a college, my old, HR system called BioForce. We had a college team. There was a collegiate soccer team and we had a year of data and we started looking at all these different patterns and I was like, what is that? Like, what does it go on here? Because it was this period where the team was under just insane stress and it was the highest point of stress I could find it was when they were finding it. Yes, it was finals week finals week is way more stressful than their tournament than their, any other tournament, what I traveling played multiple games a week and coming back, that was less stressful than finals week to them. And you see this time and time again, it's the lifestyle is the single biggest driver of stress, not the workout, because of the time component workouts and hour and nine minutes, whatever it is unless you're in China. The lifestyle is the whole rest of your day, right? It's how you eat, how you function with then your social group, the stress of just being in the world. Speaking of social group, I want to ask you about heart rate coherence. Heart rate coherence is something that I found when I was in my first, second in my second residency because I could not regulate my nervous system when I was on call. We would be, you know, as it had in turn, your on call, you're supposed to be running the codes, your nervous system, at least for me, maybe not other people, but my nervous system was totally out of the way. So I, you have support, but you have to be able to run if someone is, you have to run a cardiac arrest code. I could not get my nervous system to come down. It wasn't measuring heart rate variability, but I was just, I bet you would have seen that it would have been a terrible would have been sympathetic, she shifted. Terrible. So I found something called heart rate coherence. And it's this heart math institute. Yeah, I read a lot. What? Been a long time. Yeah, forever. And basically it was, and I started doing their meditations had like an ear clip. Yeah. And it was this idea of this harmonious interaction between the heart rate and the nervous system. And it was supposed to balance this efficient state of physical and mental well-being and that it would smooth out again, this heart rate variability signal. Yeah. So I was curious as to if something like that. Sure. If you've seen that have impact and they also talked a lot about breathing. Yeah. One of the things to improve the heart coherence heart rate coherence was now and I think about it, someone of a tactical breath. Yep. Yeah. So there's what's called respiratory science over the media. And that just means there's this influence on our breathing, both our rate and our, you know, exhale pattern on our heart rate variability because as we're exhaling, that's when the pericim sick system is essentially turned on and put to amplified. And when we're inhaling the opposite happening and that's happening for a whole lot of physiological reasons. But heart rate coherence is essentially this technique of trying to maximize the way that we're breathing in a way that can influence heart rate variability to be at as high as point. And that's usually around six, eight best per minute depends like an individual and it's all supposed to optimize which called barra reflex and and train the barra reflex to manage blood pressure effectively. I think there's something there's a good amount of research showing that when you do breathe in this pattern that you do maximize HRV in that moment. And I think there's a huge benefit to people learning how to turn that pericim to the system off. I'll show you that simple system down I mean and taking time out of your day to breathe. I think honestly this is the foundation to me in yoga and meditation. Any of these sort of breath work things, they're doing this in one form or another. They're developing a pattern breath that's focused more on the exhale and slowing your respiratory rate down which just does increase the pericimthec function. It's turning down the symptoms that exist them and it's turning up the pericimthec system. Whether or not you need to have a clip on your ear and have a specific exact ratio of inhale exhale. I think it's less important than the fact that people are just doing it. So I've seen a ton of benefit. I think there's a lot of reasons why people do like meditation and you know these sorts of things because they're calming their sympathetic system down. Whether it's following this exact pattern in the app or it's just taking time in their day to relax and meditate those things are hugely beneficial because they break that cycle. They break that sympathetic stress driven cycle and doing that I think has a huge amount of benefit. And you've seen individuals taking on breathing or meditation improve our area. Absolutely. Yeah there's real research on it. There's research showing mindfulness in yoga and meditation all these things that get you to stop that sympathetically driven cycle of urine and take even five minutes out of your day can break that process and shift you back into more balanced state where that pericimthec system is doing what needs to do. So yeah absolutely. What about the influence of things that seem to increase your sympathetic nervous system that we think about for recovery like cold plunge? Yeah so the I would put recovery strategies in two buckets. One would I would call them relaxation strategies and that's where breath work massage deep water floating like things like this where we're just trying to actively turn that sympathetic system down. That's relaxation of regenerative type recovery strategy. The other one is what I'd call stimulative and it's under the same guys of train. It's a hermitic effect. So if we do a cold plunge or we do contrast therapy or we do some sort of load and train or train the symptoms that system on briefly with a pericimthec rebound afterwards. So a cold plunge is going to be sympathetic because you hit the water but after you get out your body is going to have to regulate temperature back and everything's going to have to be put back and there's a recovery response. So we're trying to trigger that recovery response by a small stimulus. Now the biggest thing I would say about all those things is those sort of stimulative type methods the body adapts to them. That's what people don't understand. If you do the same stimulatory thing every day, cold plunge or contrast or many other things, you body adapts to it. It doesn't have the same effect. It's like anything else. The body gets better at dealing with it and it's going to have less impact on recovery. You can't expect the exact same workout to have the exact same effect and you can't expect the exact same recovery modality to have the same effect over time. The other thing is cold plunge is immediately after workouts can dampen the response of the workout because they're turning off the inflammation. It's part of the signaling process but I would say in general it's a very individualized thing and it needs to be varied. You need to find something that you can do in cycles. You shouldn't do the same recovery modality every single time and you really probably shouldn't have to rely on an overuse of recovery method. You're programming in your life. Tell should be working with you. If you're having a constant rely, it's one thing if you're a team for athlete and you're in season or you're doing a particular particular stress or period. If you have to try to recover every single workout, maybe your workout should be adjusted down. Do you know Jordan Chalo? I don't think so. I think he's also a good friend of me, our mutual friend, Luca. But he always talks about the best form of recovery is better planning. Yeah, it's true. It's better programming. Yeah, and I want to say to you the other thing here is if you don't like the things or you're like, oh I want to do cold plunges but if you hate doing cold punches just that mental I hate to say the mental stress and the mental load up doing that is actually more likely to have a negative impact. Like when it's funny and going back to China I had all these kids and I could tell these kids were just beat down and so something we didn't combat sports was swimming a lot because it's very low impact. We could work on breath hold which has some capacity to different things and so I was like oh let's take can we take the kids to a pool and do a recovery session and she's the head coach like hmm and I don't know and so they looked into it like yeah we can do it. So the next day they bring a bus and we drive like 30 Chinese kids, Judo kids to this public pool and I could see their eyes as wide because they just like we're out of here like they lived in the camp. These kids live in the school where they train that's all they do and so all that we hear we're doing nice easy recovery session we're going to do some water treading some deep water floating and some last swimming and so like okay again the pool is kids all jump in the pool and it dawns me in the first 10 seconds the can't swim. Oh my god. None of them could swim so I'm looking like they're half drowning the kids jumped in the shallow end refined the kids are having a deep end we're literally drowning and you got fired. And I didn't get by it so the funniest part is I'm like oh this is not going to be so recovery driven and I try to give them the shallow end and we got through a bunch of exercise but they're just dying because they don't know how to swim. The funniest thing to be get back in the coaches like oh I heard it was very difficult I was like you didn't tell me the kids can't swim but how crazy they were willing to jump in. Oh they were 100% no no questions asked that's the mentality. But the funniest part was hey coach was like I heard it's very hard oh yeah because they can't swim. She's like we're doing it again tomorrow. I'm like like how incredible is that? Because that was the mindset right like oh it's hard it must be effective. Like no it was supposed to be recovery. I don't know I think that we're probably missing a lot of that here not that kids should jump in pools of the can't swim and but that is really. Oh yeah they did they did whatever they were told. No no no no questions asked no questions asked there was no like maybe they didn't think they could drown I don't know but I'm literally running around throwing noodles and stuff in the pool to keep this kids in drowning because then I might have gotten fired. What what populations are or is heart rate variability not good for? Would you expect you know I've looked at some of the data and it seems that older people get the last robust or you know the heart rate variability is not as good but then I've seen other data that really it's more about lifestyle. Yeah so we do naturally decline with HIV's age women tend to be higher until they hit menopause after that it tends to decline during menopause and stabilize but yeah it declines as we age but there's no reason not to try to improve it and we went look at the more of the data which is which is my HIV out we found that basically the top 10% in each age group had the HIV of a 30 year younger group on average so if you took someone in there 60s it took the top 10% that would like to average as someone in 30s so you can have you know some of that genetics like we talked about there's no doubt to get the 10% you probably have some genetic component to that. Amra is a classroom that I really think is on the cutting edge and I'm always looking for easy and meaningful ways to support my health whether it's gut health, muscle health, you name it but good health definitely begins in the gut and that's why I've added one of the sponsors to the show and that's Amra classroom to my ice coffee in the morning it's a whole food supplement packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients has antibodies protective antibodies, pre-botics, peptides that all help the body function and move towards optimal performance. Amra uses a unique technology to preserve these nutrients in their pureest most bio-available form which is why this product really stands out and I also love that they are third party tested which means you can trust what they say that is listed on their label is actually listed and we've got a special offer just for my audience get 15% off your first order at tri Amra that's TRY, ARMRA.com slash Dr. Lyon and use the code Dr. Lyon at checkout. But you can increase your robust fitness throughout your age there's no point where you can't increase your robust fitness and where that's not going to have a beneficial effect so I wouldn't say for older populations you shouldn't do you absolutely should I would say that challenging ones are people that have beta blockers or people have aridmias that can be interesting. Make it impossible if you get an accurate meaning if you've got different types of rhythm you sometimes you just can't get like aphib or just some kind of abnormal normal side effects. There's a bunch of them there's so many different ones some of impact HIV and so many different. So in general pregnancy is interesting one you do see that number one you're producing way more energy right like your metabolism rifts up and you have more blood volume because you're delivering nutrients to produce a baby. So you tend to see HIV decline across the pregnancy and it seems to be the lowest in the third trimester as you were just getting ready to get birth but how that declines and how much declines is so variable and I think that's another really big takeaway here as you can't always say blank statement HIV is going to do X, Y, or Z at this time because there's so much individual variation like let's say somebody never works out and they have a bad lifestyle and then this person gets pregnant and she thinks herself oh I really want to start improving myself care because I want to make sure I'm doing the best for my baby you know she starts working out more she gets folks as her sleeves she just always it could go up like it could go up if some making really important lifestyle changes and building fitness even though you know you would say that it's going to decline over the course of pregnancy for that individual person it could go up during that period and because they improve their fitness so it's really just never one thing or how powerful that thing may be even pregnancy it's a very powerful thing it still has multiple influences that can dictate what happens you know looking back at your career do you ever think man heart rate variability was only one part of it or I wish that I had thought about X, Y, or Z again because you've had a 20 year career and do you have any thoughts like that or any insights yeah I mean I think we always the more I've looked at this the more it comes to I think the biggest thing is performance at the end of the day in terms of what are the end point changes we're trying to move is it be a two max is it's strength is it muscle mass to me those the most important factors and what we're trying to do is use HRV to get those things to where we want them to be and so I think early on when I started to use HRV it's really easy to overcoach right by it and become a set to you know obsessive some extent with that one number moving the way you want to move and trying to over and I why do this what I just doing that like this frustrating how many years did you spend like that five same with with um protein metabolism for us the same thing and then all of a sudden you're like I got to get every single blood work and every single this and this is the input that it has to be and then everything get everyone needs this hormone and then no others later you're like nah yeah it's just it's a big thing yeah I think we have to use as much information to make the best decisions we can that's what HRV is hopefully doing isn't forming us to make decisions about how to adjust training and lifestyle variables to get the outcome so what happened after five years you just kind of realize like chasing that needle is not moving the needle right like at the end of the day you realize the big but I really want to stress the people is the big picture is what matters the most and you look at people's lifestyles you're like wait a minute I can make a much bigger change by improving their sleep a little bit or getting their diet a little bit more dialed in that's going to much bigger impact and trying to micro manage three sets versus four sets or 12 reps versus 15 reps right you can micro manage the workout all you want but those things usually have very small changes relative to these bigger lifestyle variables and the bigger picture of their their workout so the more you can look at the big picture and stop worrying about these little my new changes and details like the body's just dynamic and you can't outcast it you just have to look at the data and make your decisions was there any point in your career where HRV just failed where you thought to yourself man I totally did not see this coming or this athlete completely tanked on x y or z um not necessarily I think the biggest thing is when you have athletes they really competitive it's really hard to get them to measure HRV accurately why's that some because they just don't want to do it to be honest with you like there there was a big push for a while in the pro sport realm to get athletes to measure all these data points like there was we just work project the 49ers for a while just stuff the Philadelphia Eagles and we looked at a bunch of data athlete in general resist data at that level because they don't want the coaches to use against them and so trying to get them to wake up the morning measure a data point share that the data point in the coaches it's really really difficult and there was actually a lot of push back in the NFL player association across different sports leagues now about what athletes can or can't be required to to use and so a lot of athletes to psychologically also believe like oh if I see a number turning down or going down it's going to it's going to you know impact me physiologically and so yeah I think in those scenarios HRV is a really tough market to use and you work the athletes that want to do it and then you use it and well the doctor don't you can't force upon them because they're not going to measure it accurately anyway like we had a we built this program with a friend of mine the going the 49ers when they were supposed to measure HRV every morning and then they were supposed to be part of this big thing in your chip Kelly where you're going to look at like readiness self evaluation and hydration and body you're looking all of these markers and I went in there and they were like on their phones measuring HRV and they were like talking to each other and so they're drinking whatever you mean like they just didn't want to do it and they didn't care about doing accurately and so the data was ultimately totally worthless and so you have to always be a way of data integrity matters if the data's worthless then chunk you know garbage and garbage out you don't want to use that and HRV algorithms and those things are really challenging anyway they are yeah so the one thing I'll say is the biggest challenge HRV is its sensitive which is also its attribute because it's sensitivity picks up a lot of things but it tends to be means if I'm sitting there in the morning taking the measurement or if I'm measuring overnight which we can talk about a difference is and I'm stressed out the morning for some reason that measurement is going to be very effective of that stress in the moment that's not really reflective of where is my true resting HRV at because again we can turn that sympathetic stress response on cognitively functionally by thinking about something stressful and to see this look at your heart rate and thinking about something stressful your heart we go it's because you've activated that sympathetic system you've turned your HRV down and if you want to measure HRV accurately what does that look like is that over a 24 hour period always is it in the morning is it a evening and also for example some people have an increase in cortisol if you are healthy and normal that cortisol increases in the morning also blood sugar might increase absolutely so historically there's been a few different use cases but what has the most research is these shorter term measurements of like two to five minutes generating the morning because that gives us a window into where you are at the each 24 hour period there's also research they looked at 24 hours that usually uses the S.E.N.N or different types of markers because when in twenty-fri basis your average HRV is just going to reflect your activity right because as I get up and move around it we're going to do stuff like my stupidity system tire majorbies lower so if I'm really active majorbies going to be lower than if I'm less active it's not super informative other than just like oh how mobile was this person throughout the day the biggest thing now do you kind of see two different divergent camps and I would say my at more pieces and one that only ones down this one but the two biggest camps are overnight measurements where you wear a wearable overnight and then it just gives you an average across that sleeping period and then two is what I do now with mine which is we wake up each morning and we take a morning measurement they did vanish to that in my mind it's a chest strap we said a wrist band you can you bring it on no but I can get you the biggest advantage to that is we can see where you are at the end of that sleep recovery cycle because the way I approach this is each day it's own stress recovery cycle right and we just repeat this process I get up I go my day I live my life I do some work I already don't want to deal stress I go to sleep my body tries to repair itself each and the rate and then I start that day and over and over again I want to see where I'm at in the morning and what that process looks like at the end of it so I can make informed decisions and see where I'm at in a comparatively same context every day and that's where historically most research has been done in nature of these standpoint the overnight measurements before these current formal wearables were done with EKG and in hospitals and in sleep studies and things where they were using accurate EKG leads and they were doing this you know in that sort of context these overnight wearables looking at average overnight is a very new thing and most research has been done on them has been done by the companies that are shown them to be honest not that there's not utility in that but in my mind and now looking at data myself and other people you're looking at something different right you're looking at an average cross a period is different then an instantaneous of where are you right now and the biggest thing is if I'm looking at average over eight hours sleep the things that did close to that sleep period of huge influence if you work out in the evening that's going to influence your average tremendously because you're going to spend the first part of your hour to sleep in a different state than if you didn't work out if you had a couple glass of the wine before you would to bed that's going to be massive impact on your average across the sleep period it's the same thing and some respect not exactly but like let's say I want to lose weight if I measure myself an average across multiple times a day that's different than measuring myself each time the morning in a fast and state the past is states seem to be more data and more accurate data I would say to figure out am I losing or am I gaining measure my average rather day is reflective of what I ate and when I ate it and how much they drank and all the sorts of things so I think when we look at overnight we're looking at the influence of sleep very specifically we're looking at what you did in the hours sleep up to your sleep all those sorts of things will change your numbers pretty significantly and I think just anecdotally if you measure overnight I would take those daily changes with much less of I don't want to say with the grand sol but I'd be putting much less weight in daily changes I would still look at long-term trends I think those are valuable but if you measure it first in the morning like I do with more fears I think that gives you just a better picture of where I'm am right now after that full 24 hour period and I can use that information to make more informed decisions moving forward and it's really fascinating I was thinking about what are some things that would be surprising that affect HRV and it looks like and you might not find the surprising maybe the listener is doesn't or the viewer doesn't find the surprising but exposure to natural sunlight is a way it says to promote this natural circadian rhythm and improve HRV there's also an interesting paper here it looks at the effects of post awakening light exposure on heart rate variability this was just in healthy healthy men and it was talking about their the LED light of different spectrum compositions and that red light decreases the LF HRV ratio what is that? So going back to there's lots of ways to measure which every one of them is called spectral analysis where they essentially take the heart rate and they break into frequencies and they break into high frequency low frequency and some other frequencies and that ratio that ratio you just mentioned tends to be the balance that the pair of sympathetic so it's just a different way of quantifying HRV basically do you want to lower or higher? higher frequency is more per sympathetic okay and it's said the blue light LF HF ratio consistently increased across 40 minutes of light exposure yeah I mean I think in general anything that's going to improve either a your mood b your circadian rhythm is going to have a beneficial impact in HRV it's pretty much there are certain things are always going to have beneficial effects and that's one of them but I think it also informs us to make better decisions in our life the idea that light exposure although we would think about light exposure as yes it would improve your mood but we still live in highly industrialized worlds and again it's just fascinating to think that we could improve longevity not even take out exercise and diet just by our environment of course I'm really thinking that I think if you step out of the fitness realm for a second and we look at the you know the octogenarians the people centenarians like most of them were living in places where they're not training their ass off every day like they're just living a very positive community they have good genetics that eat healthy whole foods their stress is way lower their industrialized world and they live longer there was just a paper came out not too long ago looking at a tribe in Amazon called a tsunami tribe I but you know they say it but they went in there and they measured calcium scores and they had the lowest calcium scores they had I can't remember numbers up my head but they had the lowest calcium scores and it came to the best cardiovascular health of any tribe group that ever measured across the board period and they're this living in the Amazon they're exposed all kinds of pathogens like they're not exactly living you know in clean sanctuary conditions and despite having hired and CRP the normal they still had almost no at the grossest whatsoever across the board across all ages and they eat like 70% carb and like 15% protein 10% fat whatever it was but they're just living such a different lifestyle than we could ever possibly live I'll also say it's fast-aing so I lived in Hawaii for four winters what island oh oh no sure so I live in the north shore which is where the surfing is I live there a lot of the way reason because Washington is a very depressing state and they win their months and Hawaii is the polar opposite right what was fast-aing to me it's just the pace of life is so much slower but you see a lot of Hawaiians who are unhealthy looking to be frank but they have the highest life expectancy in the US they do yes which is super fast-aing that I thought that no really yeah which is so look if you want to like look at the picture of health you don't look up Hawaiian food no you don't because it's not exactly oh it's not a lot of spam and super super and and call it's a live on quiet yeah so you get it so yeah looking north shore for they said four years and you you just realize it's a different style of life it's a more relaxed pace which sometimes is frustrating when you want to get something done but you just kind of realize like they have a very strong feeling you want to drive anywhere yeah yeah exactly and that's probably north shores are massive traffic and also other problems but you realize like outwardly like their diet doesn't look awesome like they they don't look like you're metabolic healthy but looking at them they're certainly something that work out but a lot more surfing and doing things outside but they're outside and they have a very strong sense of community and you know that translates into something and I'm sure to net component to it but you would not look at the Hawaiian population like oh that's the healthiest part of the US but if you look at life expectancy there it is right so I think if we look at again I think lifestyle matters tremendously our fitness matters tremendously the fitness if we look at markers of these different papers you can talk about you see people's fitness levels like reduced risk anywhere from like 10% in a low end to like 40% on the high and mid 40% for in terms of all cost mortality that's a huge percentage right but lifestyle matters more right it's the big picture of our genetic and their actual environment and their lifestyle all these things are tremendously important so we can't forget you can be fit but if you're in unhealthy lifestyle you know you're still gonna pay the price over time speaking of that was or anything surprising in over two decades of looking at this that didn't have an impact on HIV that you were sure was going to um yeah I think just in general looking at like different supplements I think it's really hard to find supplements that move the needle like I was a big supplement guy I worked with a supplement store when I was in college and I had you have this idea like all these supplements are like and do all these things and then you start testing different supplements and different dosages and like it's really really hard to use supplementation to move the needle not I'm not saying that they can't they never do but I think the dietary pictures is so much bigger from nutritional standpoint with the eating then you take some sets of supplements it's really rare to find the supplements that really moves much the needle in terms of HIV so that was something I probably early on spend a lot of time trying to figure out these different supplement combinations and you just don't see it that often beyond the end or like you mentioned earlier like you have this idea that cool plan yeah cool punch will do it right and you see for some people like yeah it proves a little while and then does anything after that or some people like it exacerbates their recovery or slow down makes it worse so you just kind of realize over time there's no one size fits all up pro which there's no magic bullet there's no universal truth for most these things that are always going to work for everybody it's fascinating it really is fascinating what about alcohol or drugs generally speaking alcohol is a similar sympathetic stimulant you're going to see HIV go down it's pretty rare you see benefit of that as well it's the other thing I would say is there's always reassured it's like oh maybe two glass of wine and I really could for you and maybe there's these things in the wine that are beneficial but now I think that would get more and more recent saying like hmm probably not right like maybe it's not the best thing for you so I would say it tends to lower sleep quality for what I've seen in those people and that in itself has an impact I'm not saying it's the end of the world I'm not saying everyone's sedatives are sedatives don't move the needle no usually I mean I look the thing the biggest thing moves needle is just getting gets the quality because your overall day is less stressful and your workout is made in some more effectively do you think that that would be your early indication of for example sleep afnia sure if someone is they have a poor HRV but they don't snore they're not overweigh their hemoglobin or malachrids not yeah yeah it's one more indicator that's just a more likely to it and you even see what's like arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis there's some research like you would see or five merialgia you would see that the stymotex system would be more dominant and those stymotex are to flare up more because they're connected so you see any sort of inflammatory type thing which I'm not saying sleep apnea is basically more inflammatory tech conditions exacerbated by a lower HRV because it means that stymotex system is a heightened state in the HRV is not turning it other parisumptics systems not turning it down the way that should be is there a way to measure it naturally do people always have to have a wearin that unfortunately not so you have to measure so in order to measure HRV you have to get basically the time between one heartbeat to the next so the way that's doing with chest strap and measuring the peak of the the R wave RR interval and you have to do that with him plus or minus a couple milliseconds which is very very accurately and it looks at the left leg no and this is the this is the point and it measures a distance between heartbeat the filter is out what are called at topic beats don't rise in the same area and there's signal processing so no I mean I would say if you aren't going to measure HRV resting heart rate is not really a proxy in terms of like daily stress per save but it's also getting a cater of general risk fitness so you could look at trends in resting heart rate and say oh my resting heart rate declining chances of your resting heart rate is declining significantly chances are your HRV is probably going up at the same time that always or probably and that's something you can measure a lot easier without having to get you know without having to measure HRV but now you can't just like put your finger on your pulse and measure it on 4chanely unless you're superhuman unless you do you do you do too yeah right do you think that there is a way to or do you see in the future for example an individual will be able to predict a thyroid imbalance or something that drives so for example thyroid hormone in from my perspective probably drives sympathetic tone right this is someone that's stimulant right it is what I'm saying you take thyroid you're going to see degree you know you won't feel it um do you think that if we collect more data or is there a world where we say okay your space between beats is X we see this group from I don't know just make up the number of from 30 to 40 with a thyroid dysfunction or again that's really specific yeah sure but I mean there's probably imprints or just like I don't know some kind of tracking that would indicate a pattern yeah I would say that again because the stress response is generalized in nature it's the sympathetic system reacts with so many things it'd be really hard to say oh your HRV is low therefore you probably have X Y or Z but you can say oh your HRV is low this means you're probably more likely to have you know this set of things that you're you mentioned I don't think we can ever necessarily say oh it's your HRV's low so this is probably the problem and it have to be in conjunction with other metrics and other monitor or other blood work but I think we could get there you could definitely correlation for sure I was I was sure you could come up with a set of things and say oh if HV is low or it has this pattern you also might be at serious risk for these other variables you know anything that inflammatory and torrent like I mentioned is probably going to be at higher risk for it hormonally you can be at higher risk for it because that can influence things you know and that's also where there's all sorts of variants right people have very different hormone profiles when different birth controls like all these things influence your HRV's. It does right what is what does oral contraceptives do we know what that's. It depends on what you're taking the same dose of what type of a gesterone, for gesterone, general is more sympathetic depends on which one you're taking it depends on whether you want to change dose throughout the cycle or if you want to study depends on your own response to it I mean we have that's the other thing I'll say is that we have very different responses to drugs right so it shouldn't surprise us we have very different responses to everything we we have different responses across the board because we're different individuals so I can't say you're on this birth control it's going to affect you the same as this person same birth control like you can't you know it's same thing with most drugs like statins or you know none of my statin next dimension earlier with the interesting is it's seemed to have raised my baseline HIV but also makes them were volatile and that would make sense when the drug wears off. No it makes more I think so I think it's got for a long half of it I'm going to reduce that and I think it's because we see greater muscle damage in people with high levels of our high statin dose because it exacerbates that somehow and on the mechanism. Probably depends HMG co-ase. Yeah I'm sure if it depends on if it's a fat soluble or so. Yeah so when I went and got diagnosed the first thing the doctor gives me 40 milligrams of cholesterol which I didn't want because I did not really want to maximize the dose of that because you get a lot of response from much lower doses but the only way to get approved from insurance for a path that which is the injectable that works differently those were listening I had to do that and then see if it worked and it did provide my HIV lower that one after did by a startgame stop tissue injuries like the gym may start a game weird injuries walking down street I pull a quad I rolled an ankle I rolled an ankle like in 20 years like I just had always weird soft tissue things so I really and I know what normal is for me and so that 40 milligrams dose did not sit well with me did not work well and I cut it down to 10 milligrams and now I got the repath of prescription and I haven't had any injuries my HIV is actually up as an average back in a more of a normal range which should be relative to my age and a VO2 and you know we'll find out when I do the CTA game what's known to my actual plaque and my cholesterol numbers are super low now so hopefully that will have the impact I want but you know other people could have a different response on that that's that inverse of another stat and right everyone responds differently I think so that's an interesting way to see that is oh like a high dose of this stat and had a lot of negative effects in me low dose seems to be pretty beneficial and then raise HIV so so it's kind of like people may have kind of swung to over quantifying their life of it and it's really there is an art to training there is just an art to medicine where do you think the future is going with HIV or just in general performance and recovery metrics look I think it's a highest levels of sport and performance like they're getting really good at building this really complex models to take into account huge amount of variables so they're looking at saliva for different things looking harmonia profiles in some sports but again some sports are also resisting that they're trying to build models I think the question is how do we build models with taking as many data points as possible to give us the best possible you know guidance more or less and I think those will continue to evolve and improve as we get more data from more different types of devices and more types of measurements so we can use the live and measure more stuff and there's less there's less invasiveness involved in all this so we'll get more and more data and hopefully we'll be able to use you know AI's the talk of the town these days I'm sure AI will do a good job at some point of story and all this stuff out and give us guidance but I think the bigger challenge honestly is influencing people do the right things because I don't care how good the data is if the person doesn't change their behavior because of it it doesn't matter you know like I had a guy named David Tenney and he was the performance coach the Seattle Sounders when I was first starting use HIV very progressive guy and he said oh I want to come in and have a certain number of players measure HIV to see if it's useful for our team and this is back in 2005 or 2006 really early on somewhere around there so he brings in a bunch of players which has been like six months measuring data he's looking up on field metrics he seems to be valuable long story short they get their own HIV system they get catapult GPS they start getting a whole bunch of data metrics and they bring a guy from Microsoft to build a big machine learning platform and at this time this again is like 15 years ago is very advanced probably the most advanced sport metrics system the time outside of Europe and so he builds his big modeling predicts risk of injury and it's like takes all this data and says hey this player he does two things he models game load by training so he says hey this practice was you know 102% of game load or this practice was 80% of game load which is super valuable for coaches to know like how hard is that practice relative to a game anyway he comes up this really advanced model and he's able to predict injury risk you know within a certain percentage so he would say like oh this person that's increased in your risk by 10% or this athlete is 20% increased risk of injury and so he's working with always people develop this model and the coach listening to him is making decisions and then you know data says oh this athlete is a 25% increased risk like this guy is really at high risk which means he's 75% not right still so what happens is the guy goes out has a game of life scores like three goals so what's the coach say oh you data model sucks right oh my god and just kind of disregards it because that's the problem is like if if the person making the decisions decides that data is not what they want to make decision on then the whole things kind of shot and so days models again it said like 20% risk or whatever so I'm going to 80% chance he wasn't going to get injured but the coaches mind because David said oh this player like the injured he went out and performed really well the coach was like oh your data doesn't work and it was I mean that's not the case it's just it comes back to I think we can come up with all the data analysis in the world we want all the tools you want you can use more of you as always things but ultimately you have to figure out how to use that information to make better decisions better choices and that's the hard part right like I think the one good thing I would say I'm not that one but one of the things where it was have done is make people more aware of all these things they make people more aware that sleep matters that you know food choices matter that train intensity and frequency matter and that more is not always better I think it's brought awareness to that and I see that in the more pissed data and we see people email me all the time and saying hey I didn't realize how much sleep is killing my progress or I didn't realize how much I was doing way too much you know then I should have been doing and so awareness I think is the first step and then you know talking about it is really important thing because it wasn't that long ago where recovery was like what do you mean you recovery like shut up get back to work that was the mindset right there was just all intent to the all the time kill yourself or you're not making progress like it was that was the mindset of the fitness community I think we've seen a pushback because people got beat to help doing that yeah and you're not in your using and you across bit took a take a while to figure that out but you know in general the community has to say recovery is important it matters we need to focus on it and I think that's ultimately what the data help can help drive so I don't know that more tech is the solution I think more I think that's right more discussion more more discussion more coaching more reckons is like recognizing this paradigm shift into train and recover and lifestyle and training are intertwined they're not separate entities you know all these things will hopefully help people make better decisions but the data's there you know like we have good data HRB works we have other markers which still have people measure HRB. Oh yeah absolutely of course when we've got thousands of users and more fias we look at all the data that's so I mean one thing we're able to do that's really cool is we we said okay can we figure out how much volume intensity people use on average they're using more fias that see their HRB increase over time versus people that don't see their HRB increase over time so we have thousands of thousands of data points you know millions of people doing work out are millions of workouts and so we segmented people by their average resting heart rate and their average HRB in the low medium and high so basically people that were low fitness people are moder fitness and people are high fitness and then we ran some computer machine learning stuff to look at over 12-week periods how much time they spent at high intensity moderate intensity and low intensity so we're looking at volume intensity in these three groups and we found particularly in the low and moderate groups the people that did the higher amounts of vitamin intensity got worse or got no better the people that did lower it dirt and lower amounts of it got better so it just it just meant that like the people in the low to moderate fitness categories were overestimate how much they could do they weren't recovering and we found that people that were somewhere between 18-85% recovery and our system at least across a week were much more likely to see improvements in the HRB and resting higher than people who were below 80 percent so I was just showed a real world data analysis picture showed us that hey people in lower to modest fitness categories they do more and more and more they're not seeing the result for a reason and I think that's the biggest thing I would tell people that say I need to train hard every day I'm like but are you improving like I love that? I like it's pretty pretty straightforward like are you getting better or not and if you're not getting better maybe try and less would be an approach to start with? Well Joel Jamison this has been a fascinating conversation I learned a tremendous amount and you know the big takeaway for me is and I'm I'm curious as to what the listener or viewer sees is that understanding where you are and you might not be able to feel your heart rate variability you would think that you would out if you're crappy maybe it's this but there's a lot of influence that goes into it whether it's asleep or external dynamics but also over time if you are not improving then it can absolutely help direct your training whether it's a aerobic capacity versus strength and that is a very meaningful data point or data points especially if we want longevity. Yeah I think the biggest lesson I've learned over my whole career is that we're all unique we're all individuals and rather than spending your time looking on TikTok or Twitter or Instagram or whatever actually ever it is to find out what other people are doing focus on what you were doing and what you can do better and I think you can use other people's experiences to help give you ideas but we're too fast-named with copying whether people are doing and unless you are them you're not going to choose what's they are. I don't really care what it pro athletes doing because I'm not a pro athlete. I don't care what someone's doing on Instagram because I'm not them and I've got my own things to deal with so I think that's where HIV can separate itself is it can help you as an individual make informed decisions about you as an individual and over the long run I think that's what creates a sustainable fitness and sustainable change finding what works for you and understanding how your body changed over time that is the path to success the path to failure is constantly trying things that you see online and just jumping for something in next and never really know what's working and what's not and never really finding that path so I think if your goals longevity and sustainability you know HIV and that's sort of data and learning about your own your own path your own body your own genetics your own life think that's the most important thing. Very well said thank you so much for coming on the show. No problem we've got to be here.