The thing that's so interesting here is we talk about healthy lifestyle. How do we get people there and erectile dysfunction is a huge problem? You publish this paper that looked at the effect of a aerobic exercise on erectile dysfunction. Without medication. Right. Yes. Realize it, healthier people tend to be more sexually active. This study shows that lifestyle modification, diet exercise alone can significantly reverse erectile dysfunction. Reverse. Reverse. Right. That's really important. That's really important because most people say, just give me the pill. I say, fine, I can give you the pill. But let me tell you something that you can do to actually truly reverse erectile function. See, remember that ED is a progressive disease. So what happens if I give a man biagre today, it works fine. But eventually it's going to stop working and that patient will then go on to an injectable for penal injections. Eventually that stops working and then they go on to pay me a penal prosthesis. So there's a spectrum here. How common is that? So ED affects 52% of the amount of days of 40. It's very common. I think another way to look at this is 40% of men at 40 have erectile dysfunction. 50% of 50% of 50, 60, 60, you live long enough. You're going to get erectile dysfunction. So but it's reversible. ED is reversible and typically with lifestyle modification. If you improve your lifestyle, it's significant improve your erectile function. Most men say, just give me the pill. I say, fine, I'll give you the pill. But you understand that that pill is going to eventually stop working and we'll have to go to a stronger pill. And then we have to go to a penal implant. And so if you work with me, we can prevent ED from occurring. Remember that ED is the first sign of a heart attack or stroke that is really important. So if a man gets ED today, 15% of them will have a cardiovascular event within seven years. That is really important. That's about seven. There's our big say that again. That's our big numbers. Yeah, this is the prostate cancer prevention trial. If a man develops ED today, 15% of them will have a cardiovascular event within seven years. That's important because ED is the first sign of heart attack. And there's a mechanism. Is it how can you explain this? The penal arteries are one to two millimeters. They're very tiny. The coronary arteries are three to four millimeters. The crotted artery can be six millimeters. So remember from physiology, if you get occlusion, 50% of an artery, you start seeing end organ damage. So what are you going to include first? You include the penal artery first. Then you'll include the coronary artery. Then you'll include the crotted. So ED typically is the first sign that something else is going to happen. So that's very important to realize that. So we take ED as a first sign of a cardiovascular event. If a man comes to me and he has ED and two cardiovascular risk factors, we send them for cardiovascular evaluation. Just to make sure there's not a cult cardiovascular disease. I think that's really important that man out there, particularly young men, if you have ED and there's no other cause, should be thinking, is there something going on with my heart that could be causing this condition? Do you typically screen, you know, when we think about the blood panels, I know that you get astrodiol testosterone, free testosterone, SHG, hemoglobin, hematocrit, PSM is the same. So you still could have PSA? Do you also look at say, A-B-E? Absolutely. So A-B-E is much better than all the other ones. Right? So A-B-E, L-P, L-A, and L-P, L-A is a non-modifiable risk factor. It is what it is. But A-B-E can be modified. Typically, like to keep the A-B-E below 100, you can say 1-30 or 100. But these are great gauges to let you know what is going to happen in terms of a cardiovascular risk. I like the way you're going with this because I think it's very important to realize that the first sign of a heart attack in men could be his erectile dysfunction. And that's been shown, as I mentioned earlier, 15% will have a heart attack with stroke within seven years. If a man presents to you with ED and he appears relatively healthy, if it's not psychogenic, you should ask yourself, is this the first sign of cardiovascular disease? And we take it very, very seriously. Also, do you, there's a whole push for these weight loss drugs? Do you also look at glucose, insulin, humoglobin A1C? Because what I love about the way you practice and the way you think is it is not just unidimensional. We're talking about erectile dysfunction, but you have your forepilers. You are discussing things on a broader scale and really more holistic. Right. The impact of these weight loss drugs, those empathic, some appetite, as appetite. What are your thoughts on them and how could those affect infertility, sexual function? So we're studying those right now. And I think you're going to have a positive effect. So remember, what does fat do? Fat contains something called aromatase. It eats up the testosterone and converts it into estrogen. So the more fat cells you have, the less testosterone you have, the more estrogen you have. So basically, we like to look at these levels. Losing weight, I believe, will help with fertility. I think it will make a big difference. I think losing weight will help with sexual function. And so we have a trial right now. Looking at that, giving these medications like semi-glutide to reduce the fat, to see if I see improvements in fertility and sexual function. I think it's going to make a difference. Let's be honest, health, survival of the fetus, Darwinism, healthier people tend to be more fertile. Right. So healthier people tend to be more fertile. I want you to think of this in two ways. There's two ways to play this. There's offense and defense. Right. Offence and defense. And when you talk about offense, I say, okay, I'm going to focus on the four pillars. Diet, exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. I'm going to do things to improve my body. But defense is looking at what we call the forehensionment. I got this impurity. You know, looking at, if you're going to something bad, it's going to happen. See if there can be cardiovascular disease. It's going to be either diabetes, metabolic syndrome. It can be a cancer, right? It can be neurodegenerative. There's other ways that can get you. So what's we do something very silly? We wait till we get the problem. And then we treat it. I said, I have a heart attack. And now I'm going to go ahead and figure out how I'm going to improve my cardiovascular health. Right. I'll be to wait till I get diabetes. And then I'm going to try to improve my diabetes. No. The name of the game is prevention. So prevention on the over here. And then also on this side, trying to go offense and defense at the same time. Very important. And so we go hard on the patients. You know, we look at cardiovascular risk. We look at apob. We could help you a little a. We look at their cholesterol levels. I look at apoe for neurodegenerative. So you can look at that as well. Right. You can look at insulin levels in these patients. So we go very hard on cancer screens as well. I like using the grill as well. It helps me understand what else this patient could have. I was I would, you know, we had lunch other day. My husband was there. It was great. We were talking about what you were doing in your practice. You mentioned the grill, which is fantastic. And also scans, whether it was a nervous scan or CT. Yeah. You are the first neurologist that I've ever heard doing this. I think it's important, right? Because the name of the game is prevention. Right. If I can catch something today, why would I? I would only do what I do for myself. I sew a scan so you can get an MRI full body scan. I'll let it sometimes hard to get. You can get a CAT scan. But some type of imaging, again, this is not standard to cure. It's something that I think I offer my patients. It's progressive and it's as you say offense. It's offense, right? I want to know what's going on before it happens. And I think that that's very important. So we use the grill as well. I think it's very helpful to tell it's 50 cancers that you may be missing that you can pick up today. So these are all things I can do for cancer prevention, right? So focusing on the cancer, the cardiovascular, the metabolic, the neurodegenerative, those are the four categories. Because again, if you are going to die, those are the four ways that can get you besides having a car wreck or a plane crash. But these are the four. If you know that, you would go heavy on those four and preventing those four from happening. And that to me is more the defense. For event, find the way to prevent the offense is die exercise sleep, and stress reduction. And when you put it together, you got a great program.