men with more muscle mass have better erections. Men with less muscle mass have horrible erections have low libido of lower testosterone. You just got the attention of every male listener on the planet. 150 minutes of exercise per week decreased the rate of rectal dysfunction by 20% 300 minutes by essentially 40%. A rectal dysfunction is one of the earliest signs of heart disease. What do you mean by that? If the penis is failing, you should assume you're gonna have problems with your heart soon until proven otherwise. Anything that is good for the ticker, the heart is good for the penis and vice versa. We know that men who don't get erections commonly get penal shortly. So you lose like the penis. How rapid and how much? If you've got a consistent lack of erections for three months, you lose a certain amount of centimeters of length. That's a lot. Sixth of again. The best overall marker for overall health in men is erectal function. Why? Because you have to have excellent vascare integrity, excellent overall health, and the penis recross normal mental health. There are many men who have never had an oral erection entirely. Dr. Tobias Kohler, welcome to the show. Real honor to be here. You are a professor of yourology at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester. You have treated patients with your logical problems for over 20 years. A woman could go to a plastic surgeon. Say you live in Houston, you could go to Chrissy Hamilton and say I want a bee cup. Can a man go to a neurologist and say, I would like this penis size? Well, no, unfortunately. If we could change penis size, I think it'd be busy operating currently. But what we can do with penal implants is guarantee erection every time. With no worries, no anxiety, no pills, shots or anything. It's a great surgical solution to a problem that's been around for a really long time. How long have penal implants been on the table for people? Most people are really surprised. I know that's 50 years, 5, 0. We just had 50 years anniversary last year. This treatment for rectal dysfunction actually preceded pills, shots, vacuum devices. But what's anything else? And that's one of the reasons I'll actually why it's covered by insurance because it's the oldest. Wow. I'm fascinated. You have to break this down. A rectal dysfunction is a huge problem. Yes. Dr. Moqara, our very good friend, says 40% of men at the age or over the age of 40. Yep. Have it. 50% of men have it at 50. And so on. So a rectal dysfunction is a major problem. Absolutely. Probably the first line solution isn't surgical. Is that course? The first line solution is to prevent it from happening in the first place. And that of course is based on foundational pillars of health, diet, exercise, sleep, stress mitigation. Those are the core tennis that are going to keep your penis healthy for a long time. But sometimes in life we get, I don't know, prostate cancer or whatever we need a surgery, and you get a collateral damage. And so it's from that collateral damage that often men will develop problems or directions that no longer are at response with the pills. And once that happens, you can make the decision to fix it definitively with a surgery. Can you walk me through just on a very high level? How does that work? How is that surgical procedure implemented? Well, I guess the first thing to understand is that in order to get a good erection, you have to have blood flowing into the penis. And that blood has to be trapped there. Right? So when you look at why the erection is stop working, the most common cause is a vascular problem. So nearing of the blood vessels going into the penis, so you have a blood flow in problem. Those can be often mitigated or addressed with pills or shots. And even exercise, right? So if you exercise, you get better blood flow to the area. You can fix these problems. That's one set of reasons why the penis feels. The other one is the blood is in trap there appropriately. So you have to develop, but the surgery is trying to do is mimic mother nature. And instead of blood flowing into the penis, we put a kind of aligning inside the penis. I've crossed thesis where men will pump normal sand or salt water into the device. And when they pump the device, the fluid is transferred from a holding tank or reservoir, which is typically hidden next to the bladder or somewhere in the abdomen. And so they'll pump the fluid into the penis. And they'll keep the erection, for as long as I leave the fluid in there. Right? So you know, you can have an erection for four hours. 15 minutes, it doesn't make a difference. And then when you're done, you hit it to flight button. And then normal sailing goes back to the holding tank. So as a surgeon, when I do an implant, I put in three, four ounces of fluid, 100 milliliters or so of sailing. And that same sailing powers the device for the next many, many years. The average device. We've the same sailing that it's recycled. Exactly. So it's essentially when the fluids in the reservoir are not in the penis, the penis looks normal, flasso. Nobody can tell you how to. No one could tell. What about the pump? It's like a third testicle, but hidden. Wow. So most men who are single who have it implant, their partner has no idea. Holy cow. Yep. So it's completely hidden. It's completely locked and improved. The joke is of course if you leave it inflated all the time. I just got that last time. It's not so, you know, not so hidden. But you can decide when and when and where it's going to happen. And so it takes away all the anxiety and problems that people have when they're thinking about having problems with sex. So and on average these devices last half of them last 20 years. Right. So they tend to outlive most other prosthetics. They outlive breast implants, pacemakers, hip implants. These kind of things. It's amazing because they have functional parts. But at five years, 5% break, a 10 years about 10 to 15% willopro, can 15 years, 30% break. So they have a really long longevity. And most guys who get an implant will die with it working. The average age of implantations around 7 years of age or so. But wait, what's the average age of implantation? The average age of implantations is about 68 around 70. But would if someone came in who is younger? Yeah. Would there be any issue of let's say someone has major performance anxiety and their 50. Yeah. The strength of the implant is that it works really well every time. One of the weaknesses is that if other stuff still works, then you don't want to do an implant because that other stuff won't work anymore. I see. So it's a surgical decision. And once pills fail, that's the decision point. Do I want to try shots or do I want to do surgery? As a very reasonable look at the surgery if you don't like needles. It's covered like I said covered by insurance, completely invisible, very spontaneous. And the other thing which people always ask me is like, well, those are feel the same. The answer is yes. So both parties. Yes. Yes. Again, the partner doesn't know you have a plot prosthesis unless they're like in the medical profession. Or very, very observant for the man who gets the implant a sensation is essentially unchanged. Does it change the size of the penis? Great question. Like everybody else asks, can you add an intro to doc? Right? And again, like the answer is no. Essentially, Mother Nature gives you a certain length. And then you're kind of stuck with that. Now, there is debate as to whether or not when you get the implant, whether or not you lose a little bit of length. When we actually do good studies, the answer is no. But patients do have this perception because they tend to remember the majesty of their erection when they're 18. Compared to now when they have an head sex for 10 years, some men have this perception that means somewhat shorter. So you have really have to counsel about that. So as a surgeon, it's all about risk benefits ratios. And if a patient comes to me and says, doc, I want to have a consistent erection without having to use pills or shots without fear, but not working, they're going to be happy. Right? If they just want to penetrate an intercourse with their partner, if they come into the expectation that they're going to be enhanced, somehow in terms of lengthwise, they're going to be disappointed. So you really have to do a good job as a surgeon to make sure that the patient's understand that. And anybody, considering this type of surgery, really need to educate yourself as to the risks and benefits of any procedure. And then you'll end up happy. Love it when people are happy, both parties, mental health and erections definitely seem to be tied. You say, and you've said this before, that erectile dysfunction is one of the earliest signs of heart disease. What do you mean by that? Problems of the erections is like the check engine light, sign going off, or if the patient's failing, you should assume you're going to have problems with your heart soon until proven otherwise. Let me explain that. So we talked about earlier how blood flow into the penis is essential to get a good erection. The blood vessels going to the penis are one to two millimeters, the main ones. And the blood vessels in the heart are three to four millimeters. The blood vessels in the crudders, some day in the millimeter. So as athscroast this happens, this kind of endothelial plaque, the crud that grows inside the vessels as we age. And if we don't take care of ourselves especially, you get narrowing of those vessels. And as those vessels narrow, the small vessels will have dangerous signs first. So if you have ascorotic disease, according to many, many studies has been repeated several times, first problems of the erections happen. And then if you don't do anything and the disease progresses, the first heart attack typically occurs three, five years later. And then the first stroke a couple years after that. And then finally people have pain with walking, or something called clodication, because you start to get narrow into the femoral vessels, which are gigantic. But even those can manifest with pain and problems of blood flow as they narrow down. So because this narrowing typically follows this pathway, if you have problems with erections, it can predict heart attacks very reliably. And so the number one kind of risk factor in young men, and even older men, to predict heart disease, that doesn't have any other warning signs, it's the pain. And the beauty of this is that anything that is good for the ticker, the heart is good for the penis and vice versa. Right? So if you want to have better erections exercise, lose weight, eat right, get good sleep, mitigate stress. That will have positive effects on erections as powerfully as many pills do, if not better. And at the same time you're going to be on the right side of the grass, long her, because you're much less likely to have hard time. It makes me think as physicians screening, early detection screening. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new, we've created, it's called Forever Strong Insider. And it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel Lion Show. As a forever strong insider every week, you'll get ad free episodes, written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show, a community Q&A segment where you can submit your own questions for upcoming guests. We're going to call this the Strong Sea and behind the scenes content, a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel, and navigate daily life. Go to foreverstrong.supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. How would someone know that they qualify for having a rectal dysfunction? Yeah, so the definition is a persistent problem with getting and maintaining erections adequate for intercourse for greater than three months? So let me be clear, many young men will have a bad night. Okay, maybe there's some alcohol involved or some other chemicals, maybe your nervous because you're with a new partner for the first time. Most men in their lifetime will have a couple episodes of performers anxiety. And so if it goes back to normal, after you kind of get your confidence back and often we have to give pills to make that happen, to get confidence back, then it's not a true warning sign for cardiac disease. But if it's a persistent problem, then indeed you should be at least screened for cardiac disease. And so recently there was a panel that I was involved with called a P4 Consensus Panel. And we basically wrote in this document that if men have problems with erections, you do an assessment of cardiac risk. And if they qualify which is most men, you should get a corner of calcium score. It's a CT scan of the heart which looks for for calcifications. And that's a really good also predictor of future heart events. In these recent guidelines, we know the evidence is so strong that the pain is a predictive of cardiac problems that we've also instituted this additional testing based on the diagnosis. It makes me also think about when you go to your physician for a regular annual physical. They might do an EKG, obviously blood pressure in office, glucose tick, maybe, a handful of things, listen your heart, listen your lungs. Do you think that if blood flow to the penis is an indicator of health? What it makes sense that we do a normal Doppler screening. Just like someone does, I don't know, an echocardiogram. Getting a peole Doppler is a very smart thing to do if you're worried. But frankly the easiest thing to do for the physicians to ask to you have problems with sex. That's the screen. And if the answer is yes, then that leads to more questions. And then let's turn around from a patient perspective. As a patient, you have to take responsibility for your own health. If you go to the doctor without a plan, a lot of things that you want to get addressed won't get addressed. If you have problems with sexual function as a man or woman, there are many, many good treatments available. But you have to ask, right, you have to be bold, you have to be courageous, you have to say, hey, I've been struggling with this. What do you think this means? And if you do that, you know, there's many benefits that will come from that question. And as physicians, we didn't need to do much better job of asking what to leave about this. The first time I ask a patient, they may be embarrassed, they may be shy. But then the second time that asked them, or the third time, now it becomes normalized. And now maybe they'll reveal this part of their life, or there hasn't to talk about the other thing that often happens in modern-day medicine. It is patients will come and they won't ask the question to the last 30 seconds. The hand, the verbal hand on the door knob question, right? So, if it's set them on a time with your physician in modern-day medicine, and as the doctors leaving, say, oh, by the way, there's this as well. No, do that. Because your short change, the ability to ask for their questions to get good treatment, ask the importance of first. That makes a ton of sense. And people come to you as a yearologist at Mayo Clinic, who is an expert in sexual health. They are coming to you. They might come and talk about their dog and all these other things. But at the end of the day, they are probably there and very motivated. Are you seeing a rectile dysfunction increase in our youth? In general, as our society gets less healthy, clearly erectile dysfunction rates will go up. All right. Again, if you look at metabolic disease disorders, diabetes, obesity, cardiac disease, these are all increasing with their society. And as these go up, problems with erections will occur as well. And if you think about it, the body has a primary job of protecting the brain and everything that supports the brain function. And as we become unhealthy, it makes intuitive sense that the body is willing to sacrifice a few of the organ systems here or there, whether it's fertility or erections, which aren't essential to keep you alive in that moment. And so, as an example of a patient has cancer, they'll often have a low sperm count, right? Because the body is diverting resources to take care of the primary problems. It doesn't have time to nurture the penis and keep that part healthy. So it makes intuitive sense that as we become an healthier problem of erections also occur. The other thing is, you know, psychogenic eddy. So psychogenic means like performance anxiety. Now, 50 years ago, a masher isn't Johnson started doing grombying research on sex. They said 90% of problems with erections is in the man's head. Okay, and 10% is organic. We know that to be completely opposite wrong. So 90% of erections are vascular or of, you know, true organic arts. And only 10% are purely psychogenic or from anxiety or depression. And so, what does that mean? That means that, you know, we need to screen for it. And if it is truly psychogenic, often we can support patients by increasing confidence. But again, as we get on healthier, problems with erections will get higher and higher. What role does alcohol and or cannabis use play in erectile dysfunction? But at while trying to have sex, alcohol and cannabis can have this kind of strange role. Sometimes it can make erections more difficult to achieve. Because again, the body is busy metabolizing alcohol, erectile performances often impaired. That is the most common scenario where somebody drinks too much and then tries to have sex and doesn't work. And then next time they try to have sex, they think about the last time it didn't work. And so this is literally the thought going through ahead. It's not going to work. It's not going to work. It's not going to work. So, you know, it's very interesting why that makes the penis fail. So, if you're running from a bear as a man, right? It clearly does not make sense to have a strong erection. Right? You want to death vest, resources away from the penis. The blood flow goes to your brain. So you can think clearly, run and then like make a good decision as to which direction to run. You want to shut blood towards the muscles. So you can escape and run faster. But obviously the penis is, you know, not a good thing to put energy into at that time. And so that's why when you're worried about erection, who try to have sex, it never works. Because your adrenal glands kick in, you make a little adrenaline. Adrenaline is the most powerful and interactive chemical that we have. Is it an account? Yeah. So adrenaline, the most powerful, anti-correctile chemical we have. If somebody has a privacy, what's a privacy when you have an unwanted erection, greater than a few hours where your penis really starts to hurt, it isn't subtle. You have to go to the restroom, go to the hurts so bad. We inject adrenaline directly into the penis and the erection goes away within seconds. The joke is you show the patient the needle and you use a giant needle. I'm going to stick this in there and then all of a sudden erection goes away. Your trigger, this natural adrenaline rush, which is what we use to make your go away. I did not know that. To be fair, I've never had to treat a privacy. Is that common? Prypism is most commonly occurs after men get a prescription for penal injections, a medicine that we give to create erections. And then occasionally we have patients that don't need these dividrucks, use them because I think it's going to be awesome. But what kind of medications are we talking about? Yeah, so these are every amount over there. And my previous response to take care. Yeah, so penal injections are various chemicals. We're just actually there are main jobist of phasodiality at the blood vessels in the penis that blood flows in. And so they go under the branded drugs like edex. But most men will use compounded agents, something called trimax, or it has a series of different chemicals all playing different roles to help improve blood flow. But it's safe and men who have problems with erections. But it can be a little sketchy if you don't have problems. So don't go for a good time. Yeah, it's not a good idea. And I guess the public service announcement part of this is like if you haven't ever have an erection that doesn't go away. First of all, it's not subtle. If you have to ask me if you think it's a preposum, you don't have preposum. It's like literally getting a lightning bolt to the penis. The penis would be going to be a scamic. There's no blood flow. Because essentially blood flows in, but can't flow out. So then you have oxygen deprivation. So it starts to hurt and it starts to hurt more and this is like 11 out of 10 erection. And if that happens, if you go to the emergency room and we take care of it right away, no problem. Then you'll learn your lesson. Never do that thing again that you just did. However, if you wait because you're embarrassed. And after 24 or after 36 hours of private room, it's broken forever. And what happens? Well, you get a scamic. So all the smooth muscle on the penis does. So it's like a heart attack of the penis. And that's one reason why men sometimes need a penal implants. Because once you have this devastating loss of a penal function, nothing except surgery with potentially fix it. Don't wait. Don't delay care. How big of an impact? You know, from a family practice or geriatric perspective, we use trasodone, firstly, at times. And not at high doses. There is a little black box warning that says this could cause privacy. I've never seen it. I don't know any physician that has seen it or any of the physicians in our practice. Is that something common or is that just a another black box warning that just has not died yet? Well, I think you're going to do great on the test because I always ask that question. But, you know, I have seen it before. And so a lot of this psychotropic medications that can be used that have central effects actually can cause privacy. And there's a really long drug list. Cannabis is not a really big one. That's prepistic. I mean, you can cause privacy. So we're seeing increasing rates of privacy in our mercy rooms now because it gives a legalization. And the social acceptance of cannabis. So this is another public service announcement. I think it's a great public service announcement because people believe many people believe that these drugs are benign, including cannabis. I personally don't think so. I think that the data would also suggest otherwise in various domains of health and wellness. Yeah, I think both alcohol and cannabis really disturbed REM sleep. REM sleep is critical for kind of the brain self healing for psychiatric wellness and for the production of hormones. So the vast majority of sex hormones are produced during REM sleep. So if you want to sabotage that, sleep lousy and you do a good job, you feel lousy as well. I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors of the show. And that is Puri. This podcast has allowed me to speak to extraordinary experts and they have one unifying message. There are only a few core compounds that we need in the diet. And one of those is Omega 3 fatty acids. Puri's O3 Ultra Pure Fish Oil, which is third party tested and certified by both the Clean Label Project and IFOS. So you know what you're putting in your body. It is safe, pure effective. It is tested for 200 contaminants and Puri publishes all their results online. I've teamed up with Puri to get you an amazing offer. 20% off site wide, even on already discounted subscriptions, which means you can save nearly a third off. All you have to do is go to peorepu-o-r-i.com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor lion at checkout. You mentioned exercise. Pinile Vascular Health. This is the first time I have probably ever said those words together. I'll just say I'm again, Pinile Vascular Health. Exercise increases blood flow. Absolutely. Are there things like I saw Austin Powers and he has the penis pump? It would also make sense if we exercise our muscle that perhaps something like that would also work. You know the guys may take advantage of the statement, but the penis is illusory or use it or lose it organ. When the penis goes in the garage, for an extended amount of time, meaning no erections like no sex, no physiological erections that normally occur in the middle night, why would that happen? You just had a prostate surgery and you had to stun the nerve, you have a significant diabetes. You basically just got into the point where the erections aren't happening very often. We know that men who don't get erections commonly get penal shortening. You lose length of the penis. Everybody wants to know how rapid and how much? Yeah, so on average, if you've got a consistent lack of erections for three months, you lose one to two centimeters of length, which is a half inch to an inch in length and every millimeter, guys fight for. That's a lot. It's significant. It's an even actually early in my career as I was a neurologist at the VA and we were doing prostate and surgeons. The patients would say after the prostate surgery is a doc. I think my penis is shorter. I'm like, no, no, you're just a little bit fat, or you're a bit more, and then they kept saying it. That was one of the first studies I ever did and we actually measured and it's true. Guys lost peanut length. The good news is that if you exercise the penis with a vacuum reaction device, you can regain that length back. So it's not about like physically shorting the penis, is about having scar tissue in the penis and if you have a uniform scar with a reaction that penis looks shorter. If you have a non-uniform scar, you get this curvature. That's one of these. Corrosisies is loss of elasticity on one side or one part of the penis and like a balloon, if you put a piece of tape on a balloon, you inflate it. The balloon's going to curve where that piece of tape is. That's a part of its disease. And again, that's something that's very common in men, about 10% of men, about age 50. 10% of men above age 50. You do support the use of what do you call it? The peanut and enhancement device? What are they? Yeah, so the vacuum reaction device. That's a vacuum reaction device. It's adjunctive tool to help men kind of rehab the penis. We often have men use it prior to surgery, to optimize length, to facilitate and ease your surgery through those areas to support that. Again, it's a user-lose at organs. So as a long-term treatment for synchiping problems, the vacuum reaction device is not awesome. You can imagine it was a partner and you're like carrying this thing around. Going through a TSA, going without TSA, for each other. Right. But we do have better treatments that are more subtle, more hideable, less embarrassing, surgery being one of them, pills being another. But yeah, I think vacuum devices play an important role. The other thing about vacuum devices that mentioned is that there's you can get blood to flow into the penis with this negative pressure, right? But then you take the cylinder off and the reaction goes away within 10 seconds. Right. So you have to somehow trap the blood. And trapping the blood we talked about in the beginning is a sense for keeping reactions. So as the veins become as they malfunction as we age, or if there's more scar tissue around the veins after fibrosis from surgery, for example, those veins no longer could be compress that, quickly. So what happens is blood flows in, but the veins don't get compressed like they should. So blood flows out at the same rate. Very similar to like a tire with a bunch of holes in it. Okay. So you can hook up an air compressor to the tire. It'll look like it'll get hard. But then it seems to start to drive on it goes flat. That happens with in men too. And so if men describe to me, hey, I can get a reaction, but then I lose it. When I start to try to have sex or when I, you know, with intermission, then I'll know that's probably Venus leak. And that Venus leak can be treated best with surgery. But the other thing you can try are these construction bands. We're essentially trying to crush the vessels from the outside. Never use a metal band on the penis. But also sounds really pained. Yeah, no. As you're all just to know, we've, I've had cases where I had to call in, use like a neurosurgical drill. We have the fire department, you know, try to cut off these metal rings. I had one gentleman using titanium ring. That is not a good plan. He's a good stuck. So if you're going to use a ring or a band to support a reaction, which is a reasonable thing to try, use something that is, you know, elastic. Yeah, there you go. That would make much more sense than something that doesn't expand. Thank you, Jay. One of the sponsors, the one in the only cozy earth. If your sheets feel like a paper towel from a gas station bathroom, life is too short. It's time to upgrade. I've been obsessed with cozy earth bamboo sheets. They're temperature regulating. Guaranteed to give you a comfortable night's sleep. Made from viscous from bamboo, holy cow. They're incredible. I just like to stay wrapped up. They help me sleep several degrees cooler. Cooler temperatures facilitate the body's natural, droving or temperature, which leads to faster sleep onset. And hey, if you are a woman who is experiencing night sweats, then these are your go-to sheets. And we've partnered with cozy earth to bring you a hundred night sleep trial. You can try these sheets during the hottest nights of the year. Well, I guess hopefully all your nights are hot. If you know what I mean, and if you don't love them, you can return them. Hascle free, but trust me, you won't want to. They have a 10 year warranty on all-betting products. Go to cozy earth.com and use the code Dr. Lyon Probtu, 40% off, best selling temperature regulating sheets, apparel, and more trust me. You'll feel the difference. Let's talk about drugs. And I have, and when I say drugs, I'm talking about PDE5 inhibitors, Viagra, Siallas. There was a massive review of 1.26 million people found that regular Siallas used reduced major cardiac events by 22% and lowered all cause mortality by 30%. Do you think there is a place for people that are healthy to be on these types of medications like Siallas? Yeah, if you ask me if there's data to support that for all patients, not yet, from a personal standpoint, I believe so. Like my read on the data is these are preventative drugs that can prevent significant disease. Do you know the story of Viagra? It's an interesting one. So Viagra was initially a drug developed and they were tested in England. And so it was initially a drug designed to treat angina chest pain. So you get all these men who have a history of chest pain, you give them Viagra. Say, okay, when you get the chest pain, take the drug, see what happens. Turns out, lousy drug for chest pain, like doesn't work. And so that's what Nitroglocentus, right? It reduces pain with lack of blood flow to the heart. And then the people who do in the study are like back to the drawing board and I'm like, son of the drugs back. And like they weren't getting a back. Like what is happening? Patients never keep these drugs. And so of course the patients noted that their penis was working better on these drugs. That's how Viagra was born. It was initially a heart drug for angina, but then we developed into a penis drug. And Siallas had a similar history. And so it's not that surprising as we look back at the data, which has been in front of us now for 20 to 25 years. The men who take these drugs consistently seem to have a much lower risk of heart disease. The mechanism is unclear. It probably has to do with endothelial health, the inner lining of the blood vessels, being healthy, has to do with maybe decreasing clotting in the major blood vessels. You get drugs like Viagra and Siallas still don't have felt to Dalafil, or the names if you take them not only do they help erection. We also discover that Tidalafil, which is a drug that stays in your bloodstream for 24 hours. Used to be called the weakender. It actually helps with urinary symptoms as well. And then now it helps with these urgency, frequency, getting up in the middle of the night type symptoms. So Tidalafil has an FDA indication for urinary symptoms or lots lower urinary tract symptoms. And so I write for these drugs a lot. Because I find every excuse I can to get them to men whether they have problems with erections or they have problems with urinary urination or and then they get this likely benefit of cardiac protection. So it's like this triple threat drug, which by the way is like 25 cents a pill. You can get a prescription through Mark Cuban's Pharmacy or GoeterX.com literally three months for 30 bucks. So even if insurance doesn't pay for it, it's worth it. And so we're retaining you use these drugs and they're massively effective, restore confidence, probably good for you overall, help with urination. I mean, it's great. There are downsides any pill, but you know, they're relatively low with this class of drugs 1 in 33 men will stop because of the side effects. 1 in 33 that can include headache, facial flushing, maybe worsened reflex disease, but 32 out of 33 men are like, I'm good. I'm going to take the re-flux, give me extra flushing and this is Cialis. 5 Miller, is it? Do you prescribe 5 milligrams of Cialis daily? We do too. And so Nick. That's going to be the most effective because it's in your bloodstream constantly. So if you if you believe the data that it's a cardiovascular protective and make sense, you need to have it in your bloodstream the whole day, as opposed to like a window which by Agar or Sudenofl, which you can give you a four hour window of efficacy, whereas Cialis is 24 You only see men to be fair, right? For the most part, yeah, especially where I am now my job and primarily men's health, you see a lot of women for stones when I was in Springfield, Illinois, stones are very, very common for your all the time. Yes, did you at that time use Cialis in women? This is a study that clearly needs to be done for a variety of reasons. Number one, you are overactive bladder. This is symptoms where people have to piece so often that negatively affects their life. And like 40% of all humans above age 50 have overactive bladder. And this really, 40%? It's super, super common. You know, my dad's always saying, I have BPH, I'm being a hunter times an eye. It gives, let's me meditate. I love to dive into that because there's a lot of misconceptions about the prostate being at fault for everything. But when we get older, we get physiologic changes in the bladder. So like the bladder capacity goes down and our sense of urgency and the sense of stretch is increased. So we end up being more often at lower volumes. There's like many things as we get older, things tend to get worse. As you when you're a baby when you're born, the bladder squeeze is one of one of one of one's two. And then age four or five, the bladder takes commands from the brain. Says, no, no, you can't squeeze now. I'm in public. I can't pee my pants. And so you learn this confidence. But as we age like many things, the bladder kind of goes rogue and just ignores the brain's advice and just squeeze the one who wants to. So patients thought they'll put keys in the door, they'll hear running water and optionally get this crazy urge you go the bathroom. And if you're lucky, you make it in time. If you're unlucky, you don't have a bathroom there, you're more likely to have accidents. And so women, like one of the main reasons women visit your knowledge is for urinary incontinence. Not only stress incontinence, from when you cough or sneeze you do's urine, but this urgent incontinence. You know, this is very, very common, but men also have urgent incontinence. And so this can be treated by addressing bladder health. And so that's why I think a study is long long overdue for women to see if C.L.S. will help with these erected bladder symptoms like they do in men because they do. And then is a carded protective in women. These are questions that need to be answered with a randomized controlled trial. If a woman was taking C.L.S. in the indication would not be, I suppose it would be off-label for overactive blatters. Yep. Yep. Because we still get indication to be off-label. But off-label doesn't mean wrong. Totally. Right. And a lot of patients will think, you know, this is off-label. This is running out. Off-label means as a physician, I have to tell you the risk is about a pit of this therapy and then you decide if it's right for you, just like many other things in life. So yeah, it's a study that needs to be done. And there have been studies to look at sexual function and these classo drugs. And it does increase blood flow to the genitalia. Sexual function and orgasm and women is a lot more complicated, sophisticated, a lot of other things have to happen to orgasm to occur. There isn't this obvious yes, no penis heart penis soft kind of thing in women. And so these drugs have been disappointing for sexual function in women. However, it doesn't mean they they might not help. Thanks to one of the sponsors of the show, bond charge band. If you're a mom out there and you've been carrying a whole team, I got a different form of therapy for you. And that is red light therapy. And listen, good light impacts sleep hormones mood and even your ability to recover and focus. Bond charge has created science back tools to help me live in better alignment with my circadian biology. Artificial light is overloading us. They have blue light blocking glasses that are staple in our house. They have red light, they have red light light bulbs. They also have infrared pmf mats to help chill my body relax my muscles and support full body recovery. If you've never tried red light therapy, this is the time to do it. They have some of the best devices that I've ever seen great for skin, might have control health and overall resilience. If you care about your skin, if you care about your sleep, if you care about your body and want to try something new, check out bondcharge.com slash doctor lion, use the code doctor line to get 15% off your entire order. Simple, proven, designed, do support your biology. I want to hear about the bladder. You brought it up. I think it's a great topic. Now, I have heard you say that one in seven men who see a urologist already have irreversible bladder damage. It's crazy, but we did a big study where we looked at men visiting urologist. We tested them and they tested in this zone where we called, you know, the bladder was no longer squeezing, like it can. The bladder is a big old pump. Over men's lifetime, the bladder has to empty through the middle of the prostate and out of the urethra. As women go over, get older, they don't have problems with the pump getting weak because their urethra is relatively short, and they don't have this prostate which can get bigger with time. But men, they have a prostate which gets bigger as we age. So, very similar to problems with the erections. So, 50% of 50 year olds will have in a large prostate, 80% of 80 year olds so on and so forth, and of the men with a large prostate have to be symptomatic. So, if you have this pump which is struggling to empty because it's trying to squeeze urine through the middle of this donut, which is the prostate, the bladder gets tired after a while. It's a pump that fails. And if men allow that to progress, one in seven come to me and that the pump's already got, what does that mean for them? Well, either they'll need to catharize the rest of the life to get the urine out, either in and out or have a catheter in, or they'll need a very aggressive surgery in the hopes that they'll be able to pee on their own by what we call credaewoining bearing down. They're basically just pushing the urine out. So, it can be avoided if when men get symptoms, they go to the doctor relatively early and either they get a surgery early because that's the best way to preserve the pump. What would the symptom be that they are just getting what it'd be urinary retention or this feeling where they're having to go a lot but they can't go and feeling like there is urine still that they still have to pee? Yeah, it's the former. It's pushing or straining to go. Men who can't empty their bladder effectively. Right, so one test we'll do is we'll have guys pee in the machine. We'll measure how strong the stream is. We'll give them a score and then that can be predictive of the need for surgery, et cetera. But more importantly, we measure how much the left behind after they go. And if that number is zero, you're good. However, if that number starts climbing, you pee out 400, you leave a 100 behind. You wait another year, you pee out 300, you leave 200 behind. Pretty soon, the ratio is nothing comes out and you leave everything behind. So that is the best way to kind of predict this loss of bladder function is by seeing how much is left over. Other signs can include annoying or not emptying so that can suddenly lead to frequency getting infections. Right? Yeah, because your infection infection infections because our number one defense against infection is peeing out the bacteria. And if you are not into your bladder well, basically there's like a little swamp in there or the bacteria like swim around having a field day and then manifesting with infections. How would a woman know that she has the equipment? Women will very rarely have these obstructive symptoms because they don't have the hardware to cause the bladder to malfunction. But the important lesson here is that the bladder causes this mischief. It wants to squeeze all the time and there are many lifestyle factors that lead to more bladder mischief and make me have to be more often and make you miserable. But and so sometimes a man will come to your doctor. My prostate is horrible and no they have the same thing that women have this overactive bladder. Yourologist's job is to separate like what the problem is. But for men that have struggling the urine, you have to rule out the pump problem because if you don't, you're going to have to get a catheter life long and that's not what you want to believe me. In terms of what can we do about the overactive bladder, this kind of irritative symptom type of thing, not pushing or straining but having to go off and running to the bathroom, having to get up the millenight, like basically having accidents when you don't want to. These are bladder behaviors. So not not prostate behaviors. That's that's we have talked about this. We need to clarify this. You have also said which I thought was brilliant. How many times you pee in the middle of the night can predict the likely hood of death? So big men analysis. I think from 2015, men analysis when you take all the best literature you combine it and you try to come up with conclusions. So this has been an analysis of that men who have nocturia that's greater than two times at night. They get up three times a pair or more or 30% more likely to die of all causes. Hard attacks, this kind of thinks. Now does that mean that if you pee three times in the middle of the night you're doomed? Of course not. This is not a causal relationship. It's a correlating relationship. Meaning the answer probably is that if you're getting up three times a millenight to pee you've got other stuff going on. One, do you have sleep apnea where you can't sleep soundly and that's making it pee more often. Two, do you have a demon in your legs because you have heart failure? You get to pee more off in the middle of the night. Three, you have metabolic abnormalities. You have diabetes, you have to make sure you pee more often. All these kind of potential risk factors will make you pee more. So it's the fact that your pee tells me you're unhealthy. If you again, if you mitigate that on healthiness, if you lose weight, you start to exercise, you reverse your diabetes. Guess what? You won't pee as often. A lot of these things are reversible life with human bodies amazing. If we treat it right. Is there a normal amount of time someone gets up? Again, I'm thinking about my dad shout out to Nate in Ecuador, probably embarrassed. He often says, okay, while I'm waking up in the middle of the night, two, three, again, he lost me at three to go to the bathroom. Yeah, he is 74. Would that be prostate? Would that be bladder? Would it be impossible to tell? Yeah, so it's typically unusual to have to get up in the middle of the night, less than age 50. Once fine. But once you're starting to get more and more off and we know as we get older, again, the bladder loses capacity. As we get older, we tend to make less hormones that prevent us from being in the middle of the night, specifically we make less 88. If you have sleep apnea, the body perceives this lack of breathing as high blood pressure to the chest. And so it sends out Nate, your Adriatic peptide, which makes us spill salt into the urine which pulls food with it. So again, these other medical comorbidities will make us have more nocturia. So I'd say if you're getting up more than three times at night, you first should look at lifestyle factors. And then obviously look to improve the other metabolic components that we just discussed. But yeah, you're at risk for other things because that's a warning sign that's going on. It's really interesting because just again, it's a practicing physician training in safety on the medicine and even geriatric sort of being here some flow max. See you next time. It's a very dangerous approach. One, you're making the assumption that it's the prostate, it could be bladder. It could be the fact that this person's drinking eight liters a day and we can talk about bladder, it's in some sort of different way. We definitely talk about bladder engines because you just killed half the list. I just see. The other thing though is that flow max is a drug that, you know, it's tampsoles and there's all the other drugs which will improve the strength of the stream. But it doesn't protect the pump. So actually the worst thing you can do for guys with obstructive symptoms is to give them flow max because then you won't seem again for another 10 years. But by the time that's come back, now the bladder has had the damage that's unreversible, irreversible. So flow max is not a drug that will protect you long term. So if you have true prostate enlargement, I'm an enthusiast for early intervention that is doing procedures that will help take away some of the resistance of the process. So men, p-better and they protect their long term bladder function. You can use medications to have this effect as well and these drugs are typically favorize the ones that actually physically shrink the size of the prostate, kind of a chemical surgery if you will. These drugs will prevent the need to go to the emergency room because you can't pay the need for surgery in the future. But if you just give somebody full max and say, you know, see when I see you're at high risk for having that person have long term bladder damage. It's a really important message. I do think that it is very common where people think it is, again, and part of that is media which is also another reason I'm so excited to have you on and that you speak all the time, but to have you on to podcast is huge and you're able to reach a lot of people just by having the conversation. I was very disappointed to see your lifestyle changes for urinary frequency notes extremely disappointed. I'm going to share this list. I just want to let you know that you have ruined my Wednesday. Not even going to be drinking anymore carbonation. Right down there, the seeds of urinary frequency consumption caffeine, constipation, cocktails, coke zero, you just hurt my heart, citrus, also hurt my heart, carbonation, cigarettes, I don't smoke couch potato, not doing that. Cap Cason, spicy foods, we're not friends any longer. Talk to me about this. Yeah, so if you're having your own frequency that bothers them to you, the big three are how much you can write the money. Are of it? Yeah. The more you drink, the more you pee. This is just simple math. Obviously we need to drink a certain amount to be healthy, but you know, the person who said you need to drink a glass of water per day may have been selling water. So everything is about responses. And if you are miserable because you're paying all the time, try to cut fluids to some of the green seed that helps. The second biggest thing we see is caffeine. So caffeine acts as a diuretic and also makes us pee in small amounts so inefficiently. And the higher dose, the more it affects us. So if you're going frequently, if you have several cups of coffee, you'll notice that the frequency always is around the time you drink coffee, coffee or caffeine. Constipation is a huge one. So the bottle and the bladder share real estate. And if you're really conspating, you struggle with that, not only are there probably neural pathways or nerve relations between the two organ systems, if the rectal vault is filled with gas and stool, it's literally squishing the bladder. Your bladder capacity is decreased and you have to go more often. So a lot of guys that's joggle are in guys and gals struggle with urinary free because you get constipation under control. They're better. Same with little kids, right? Little kids when they have accidents at school, when they have accidents at midnight, it's almost always constipation. You fix that, like it's better. That's a great parenting tip. I didn't know that. And some of the other ones, which you mentioned, they can be more of a risk for some individuals than others. Right? So humans are genetically variable for some people of the spicy foods that's capsized and they'll have to be every 15 minutes. Some people are really sensitive to carbonation. Some people are more sensitive to artificial sweeteners like those in Coke Zero. So I have problems remembering stuff. So I basically try to put the letter C in front of everything to remember what things can trigger bladder over activity. Speaking of bladder, let's suppose I should get this right. Move up. I better get this right considering I'm married to a urology resident, kidney stones. Who gets them? And how frequent is it? Is it men versus women? Is there prejudesosing factors? Let's talk about it. Can you spell this in fact about 10% of all humans? There's predominance and men over women, slight predominance. The main risk factors for forming stones is lack of food consumption. So this is the other end of the scale. We just talked about overconsumption. Underconsumptions of fluids is the number one risk factor for stones. Right? And when you form stones, like all the time in Texas because it's always hot here. So in your sweating. I almost burst into flames when my plane landed here as I got off. Yeah, very hot here in human. But basically, if you're dehydrated chronically, you're at risk for stones. The other things that are very important are salt consumption, an excessive artificial sugars or true sugars they tend to form more stones. The bottom line is also there's a strong genetic predisposition. So if you have somebody who, you know, had a dad or a brother was still and you're more likely to get them. And they're very, very common. If you drink more, you can prevent them. And if you think about this, I tell my patients this analogy. Like, if you're constantly flooding the kidney with all this extra fluid, there's no way a stone can start to form in the kidney and then eventually pass and caution addings. So if you're like, if you're in a like, in Minnesota, we, we like, well, it's never hot. Where it's really hot. It's really hot. It's really cold for another nine months. Sometimes people will go down a river in an inter tube. And so I say it to patients like you're going down the river in the inter tube. Imagine you're a small particle at the bottom of that lazy river and how, as every second goes by calcium or different mineral start to add to the size of the stone. But now if you switch to a white water rafting part, which we don't have in a sort of, by the way, but we don't. No, no, not that exciting in terms of a state for that kind of activity. There's no way of a stone conform. So the inside of the kidney is like that lazy river, if you don't drink enough, but if you consume enough fluid, you're very unlikely to form stones. As simple as that, would there be certain things that could predispose people to stones? For example, I've heard very high dose vitamin C. Does it seem to be different for every person? Again, because you had said, some people artificial sweeteners might be an irritant to one person versus somebody else. Yep, biological variability applies to everyone. But high dose vitamin C can be a risk factor excess calcium. So both too much calcium and too little calcium. Dietary calcium or bad to recalcine me, okay. You know, your gut has to reabsorb calcium and if there's too much in the gut, it spills over into the blood. So actually the recommendity amount, allowance of calcium, it's probably the right amount. The extremes of either end are stone promoting. But again, the number one way to prevent stones is to drink more fluid. Real lemon juice added to fluids, also actually prevents stones through some citrate metabolism, some ways that we get away. Guys and gals who form recurrence stones will often be put on a potassium citrate, a pill that alkalizes the urine and thus prevents stones. The bottom line is if you form a kidney stone, you gotta figure out why if you form a second kidney stone, you need extensive testing and figure out what medication you should get prevent them. From what I hear, they're very painful. Yep. Yep. I've seen many tough individuals, be not so tough because of the pain I don't wish that on anybody. There is something I do wish on people and that is muscle mass. $3,000, $3, wait, is that number right? I spent more money on skincare. My pores should be taxed deductible, maybe even have their own trust fund. And thank goodness that I found one skin. Because one skin, it doesn't just make empty promises, it's research driven, minimalistic and tested for beauty, skin health and longevity. One skin is the first topical skincare backed by peptide science that targets skin aging at the molecular level. I slather this on all day. They have a peptide that is designed to reduce the accumulation of dead cells or zombie cells that drive inflammation tissue breakdown as we age. Now, this isn't about cosmetic quick fixes. It's about changing the biology of your skin. Strengthening the barrier, improving firmness, hydration, elasticity with clinically tested ingredients. So, if you are focused on aging well from the inside out, it's time also to think about your skin. It should get the same level of care. Go to 1skin.co for 15% off use the co-doctor line. It is amazing and it will break the bank. You gave an amazing presentation at the hydrogen society and just recently at Baylor because I heard from the residents. There is a connection between muscle mass, sarcopenia and sexual function. Absolutely. Muscle mass is imperative for longevity. If you want to live a long time, you have to move iron, you've got to be strong. You've got to keep it that way. We have this age related sarcopenia where you will lose muscle as you get older, relate to hormone production. But if you fight to be elite in our age now, I'm going to put us as young. We'll be fine when we're 90. So, that's my paradigm. We're right now we're in preparation for a geriatric to catholons. This is Peter T. Scott said it's amazing. So, you've got to be really healthy now. So, muscles does so many things in your book forever strong. Talks about the metabolic capacity as one of the biggest organs humans have to control insulin sensitivity to control inflammation and it's not surprising at all. Then when you look at well-done studies, men with more muscle mass have better erections. Men with less muscle mass have horrible erections have low libido of lower testosterone. It's all about overall health. Again, think to the paradigm about how the body is willing to give away its erectile function, even as to sacrifice something, but it's going to keep brain function. And as we get sicker and unwell, the penis is the first to go. So, don't get on well. Stay strong. So, when men train, when men lose weight, when men gain muscle erections get better, aerobic activity is as powerful as P5 inhibitors. The drugs like siallas that we talked about earlier in helping with erections, a modest 10% decrease in body weight is as powerful as pills in helping with erections. Not only all the other benefits of keeping on the right side of the grass. So, again, if you take good care of your body, your body will take good care of you. Anything you do for penis health is good for cardiac health. So, it is not surprising at all. There's a direct correlation between muscle mass, strength, grip strength and erectile quality. You just got the attention of every male listener. The planet. Yeah. Good. Or at least, uh, because we're listening to the show because who doesn't want better erectile function and better penis health. And you know, just to jump in, we use the penis as a fault group for behavior change. It is very difficult for the average man to change your behavior if you tell them listen, your blood pressure is 8.2 high. But if you tell them listen, if you lose a little bit of weight, if you start exercising, just minimal gains, 150 minutes, a week of exercise, 30 minutes, five times a day. You'll see tremendous improvement. And so we can use this as a fault group to get guys to be healthier. In Canada, the cigarette packages have like this flacid cigarette on the side. And it basically says smoking is bad for your erections. So, we should lean into this fact and get people to be healthier because yes, sexual function is very sensitive to oral health. And we should use it as a way to get people to is there a dose? You said 150 minutes of moderate to vigorous activity. Is there a known specific dose that is good for penis health or bascular health primarily? I mean, I know that we're talking about bascular health in general. But again, as a urologist, I thought that we would focus on your organ of longevity, the urologist organ of longevity versus my definition. Do we know as a reduce study by Jang and all, I think from last year, 2024, they looked at the enhanced data, which is like a community cohort database from like the early 2000s and basically have found that 150 minutes of exercise per week decrease the rate of rectal dysfunction by 20 percent, 300 minutes by essentially 40 percent. Something very close to that. So, you know, intense the duration as it gets higher, you get improvements. There is eventually a plateau, it's like if you do a thousand minutes or not, you can get perfect erections. But even a modest amount of exercise really moves the needle. And then if you're really exercising three or two minutes a week, that's an hour, five days a week, which is a good great goal. You'll see a 40 percent improvement in erections. I'm going to just lay out a handful of other statistics and numbers because I think they're so powerful. Studies showing men who maintain muscle mastering are 66 percent less likely to report multiple sexual issues. Older men, this was fascinating but not surprising. Sarcopina was linked to 2.7 times greater risk of moderate to severe ED. Both of studies are, you know, excellent in that, you know, a lot of them are self-reported studies and where the people are quantifying their own strength. The one study about the muscle mass, that's from like a bunch of Scandinavian patients and the people who reported that they still were had awesome erections. The people who said, yeah, I feel a little bit weaker than when I was 10 years ago, they had lousy erections and lousy libido too. What is the role of testosterone and erectile function? It testosterone is essential to a certain point. So if you have normal testosterone and you give more testosterone, testosterone, there typically isn't added benefit. So a mistake you'll make is like assuming if somebody comes over the normal, you check their T, it's normal, but they approms the erections. Again, the testosterone is typically doesn't fix the problem. Remember the main eology of erectile dysfunction is probably the aculor blood flow problem. So you got to fix the blood flow. If testosterone is very low, then penis ain't going to work. How would you define very low? Well, you know, if you want to use the scientific definition, a repeated measurement of testosterone less than 300 or free testosterone less than 5. So if it's low, if you give testosterone back to those men, they typically will see a better better erections, especially when they're trying to use pills. Cialis, biogur, they rely on testosterone for nitric oxide, synthet synthetase or the chemicals that are required for erections. If your T is low and you give T back, the pills work better. Again, I just can't stress enough though. If you take your carrier self, your T will stay normal. There's data where, you know, people who are lucky and there's 70s and 80s, the testosterone is way higher than people who look unwell. My dad's been really low. Yeah. My let's just throw nit dog on to the bus again. We ran his labs and I'm looking at this testosterone of over 700. No, that's amazing. And I would argue that the best single blood test for overall health and men is testosterone. And women maybe, but maybe there's a ratio we need to look at and then along those same same lines, the best overall marker for overall health and men is erectile function. Why? Because you have to have excellent vasculine integrity, excellent overall health. And the penis requires normal mental health. If you're anxious, if you're depressed, the penis ain't going to work. So you can be in great physical shape, but if you're unwell from a psychiatric perspective, whether it's depression or whatever it is, anxiety because you're having stress at work. Again, the penis ain't going to function well. So all systems have to be on full go for the erections to be awesome. So that's a really reassuring thing. If you're a 70 year old and you're getting great erections, you're probably pretty healthy. Is there a point of no return? For example, when we image the brain and we see microvascular disease of the brain, the brain is arguably a large very active organ. There is a lot of it. The brain can make a for itself meaning it's not just appendentificly in this one area, but the penis is smaller. If there is vascular damage to the penis, is there a ability to recover? Two limited extent, like many other things, but sometimes you get age-related, you know, vasculine disease, maybe it's untreated hypertension for a long time, or you have a significant atlaschorotic, a narrowing or plaque, or maybe a smoke for a long time. Sometimes the damage is so extensive that no matter how much you exercise, no matter how many pills you take and ain't going to work. Yes, there is a point of no return. Very avoidable if you never get there the first place, but that's where surgery comes in. For men who may have had a reason that their penis has failed them or maybe had appeared in their life or their own healthy, we can restore normal sexual function with surgery. Often times we can restore it with lifestyle challenge, but not always. And so take your care yourself and put them even with fails, there's no reason to give up hope. We can fix it. I have a question that I don't know if you've ever seen and I don't even know if it's a thing. Is there ever something where penis cannot get an erection, maybe it's a genetic defect, a vascular church? All the time, really? Yeah, all the time. So when I look at the age range of patients that I put in a peeling implant in, it's 18 to 98. All right. So that's, you know, if anybody out there is 100 years old, please come see me because I want to say I put an implant in a 100 year old. So then I'm here, your old did great by the way, but some people are born with this congenital venous leak, where the venous trapping just doesn't work, or some men are born with some kind of a genetic defect, or whatever it is, where they've never had a good erection at their entire life. Some had patients come to me where they're actually having pain with their erection because they've never stretched the penis before. Wow. So, but, you know, the surgery can fix it. And there are many men who have never had an erection in their entire life. Like age 16, 17, 18. We see them for the first time. It's like never had a good one. So that's fixable. That's treatable. You know, I'm really grateful that that surgery is available and can be done and can be done well. Seeing you in San Francisco, you gave a great lecture. And I have never seen a doctor, an MD, talk about moving iron, eating protein, and building muscle all in the same sentence with testosterone replacement therapy. Please tell me what some of your thoughts are regarding what people are actually after. I, when I was in Spruff, Illinois at the beginning of part of my career, I was lucky enough to meet a guy named Chad and we've actually published some works together on animal ox steroids. We've given some talks together. And so, you know, I consider myself a curious guy. And when he came to me for help, I learned a lot more from him than I could help him. And then I really kind of dove into the literature. When I asked Chad, hey, you know, tell me about super physiologic T levels, like what dose you're using and what I'm talking about, super physiologic T levels, I'm referring to consistent testosterone levels greater than a thousand. So bodybuilders, you know, they'll go for T levels of 3, 4,000 or they won't even check. They'll just go super high and just give, take more if any work. And I wanted to know what the motivations were as to why people would start. I had some intuitive thoughts, but I wanted to ask someone who was an expert. And then a huge fan of yours, I'm also a huge fan of Mike Israel as well. And the way he communicates testosterone use and working out and getting fit, I mean, I'm a huge consumer, like I've changed how I worked out because I'm now 50 because I don't want to injure myself, right? So I've taken a lot of advice to and so I wanted to know, okay, what is the main motivation for a lot of people to start, you know, super physiologic T on the two main ones, there are many, but the two main ones are athletic performance and essentially looking good or vanity, I'm going to say. Now athletic performance, I think Chad summed up pretty well is that if you need help from testosterone to perform well in high school, to be elite in high school, you're not good enough. If you need help in college to perform a really level with because of steroids, you're simply not good enough. Because by the time you ascend to the pros, like you likely get caught, you won't be able to use it and you won't be good enough. So you have to have this natural ability to become a professional athlete and you're also probably be testosterone sensitive, you have to be sensitive to a lot of the agents that people use to have the outcomes that you desire. But if you're using these drugs to be good at sports, you're never going to be a pro. That's the unfortunate reality. Not too much in the fact that you have to somehow navigate and not get injured along the way, which again, a lot of people are amazing, but then they blow out their knee or whatever, and then their career is done. The more interesting one, the more interesting one, and the one that I think needs more attention is to use these drugs for aesthetics. And I get the appeal because when you work out naturally and you do great, you're probably gain about 10 pounds of muscle in a year. If you're doing everything perfectly, you no better than I do. Your book goes over this beautifully. But if you add high dose of steroids to it, and there's a lot of science behind this, and there's a lot of data, you know, you can gain that 10 pounds of muscle in about a month. So it's just so much more efficient. And you know, there's a huge appeal there, and I'm not here to tell people, don't do this or do this, but I want people to know the true risks and benefits. The thing is, if you're chasing this aesthetic with these type of drugs, you're much more likely to look worse than better. And why do I say that? Well, because just because you take high dose testosterone,cipinator, and an antigenate, along with many other drugs, it doesn't mean you're going to be, you know, shredded. It doesn't mean you're going to have 8% body fat and look amazing with your shirt off. Most people, first of all, you have to be sensitive to the drugs, and you have to have perfect training, and perfect nutrition, which is really difficult for everybody to do. There's books about it. You know, it can be done, but it takes discipline. And so that's a baseline requirement. And then you take these drugs, and then there's the potential negative consequences. Like 50% of people get significant acne. So you're never going to want to take your shirt off if you've got horrible acne everywhere, or if you're growing hair in places that you don't want and you're balding. And so the vast majority of people who take these like appearance enhancing drugs, they'll actually look worse and not better. Not to mention that a lot of humans have this fantasy that if they look a certain way, they're going to be more attractive. But when you ask people what they find attractive, being hyper muscular or being super jacked, is not the top of us for many individuals. So if you're leaning into use, these types of agents to look better. Number one, it may not work, unless you have perfect training otherwise. And number two, there's a lot of downsides in risk. We didn't even go into the kind of negative things like subtdeth or heart problems, these depressions, who's sideality. But to use that as a lever to get to a certain look, I think is a mistake. Based on my read literature. Well, I'm looking forward to having you back on the show. Dr. Tobias Kohler, it has been an absolute pleasure. You are a gift to the world of urology and just an amazing and really fun human. Thank you so much for coming on. Thank you so much for having you. It's a huge honor. What you do here is so important. We did a recent trial or study what we looked at. Health media consumption. Like 93% of all kind of internet material related to fitness health is was rated low quality. I'm using these methods discern method that we use in this paper. I'm proud to say that you're one of the great ones. You're getting the right information out there and letting the public decide what's best for them and you're promoting positive, healthy lifestyle that ultimately is the most important lever we have to be happy and live a long time. I really appreciate that and the reason that we are great is because we have great world class guests. So thank you so much for coming on. Appreciate it.