You were really wonderful. Review and it was it's called Creetian supplementation and women's health, a lifespan perspective. And it's there's a statement here. It says Creetian characteristics vary between males and females with females exhibiting 70 to 80 percent lower endogenous Creetian stores compared to males. Does that still hold true? It can. What's the female is getting larger months? So that was based on baseline. Look at that all the muscle amount over time. And there's a couple theories why we think that is maybe a reduction in dietary Creetian compared to the amount of male or the ability to take it up. So there is some evidence to suggest in the minimal studies that there is less. And that probably why we see a really good response from females, but especially in vegans and vegetarians. Our study in 2003 with muscle biopsies. It was almost like the females response was a little unbelievable. And then you say, oh wait a minute, I only have a book 50 percent of their muscle for the Creetian. Magnolia wonder they respond so well. So that's why I think it's a huge push for males and females on a plant-day style to at least consider Creetian. And if they're not getting a Creetian to rent meat or seafood, obviously, this is probably why they need to at least consider those ideas. What about the Creetian activity throughout the menstrual cycle? Yeah. There's a beautiful chart here. And people add this. Should I cycle supplementation throughout the menstrual cycle? What are your thoughts on that? So Abby Smith running in North Carolina is a world leader on this. And she's clearly showed that for young females, especially that there's fluctuation, but Creetian doesn't really have that any get your mouth effect is the easiest way to put it. I think from a practical, be standpoint. I think it's something to think of the big push right now on that the mental cycling influence performance and for the totality of evidence, it does it. And I think that's how a lot of females need to look at it. It makes fluctuate water retention during the different phases. But at the end of the day, they're going to be taking Creetian for longer than the Latino phase or follicular. They're going to be looking after the whole benefits. So at the end of the day, I think it's a moment. Yeah. I'm really happy to hear you say that. I do think that there's a component to the menstrual cycle that it seems to confuse a lot of people and making huge changes. I mean, unless you are an Olympic athlete slow and steady is likely better. I am curious, does it have an impact on mood? Because of its brain. Yeah. So there is some evidence that suggests moving. We're doing a study right now in Iowa. What can that mood and energy? I mean, you just sound you are just sitting up and Netflix and chilling all the time. I mean, remember I had here when I started in the course we could talk about that too, but no, we showed that's another. That's a huge whole top. We've got to figure that. I'm about to OK, we definitely have to talk about them. Yeah. But before we talk about the myths, creatine for men. It's one of the areas. That's sort of a subject of questionnaire when we ask people. Mode has improved in a series of populations with clinical depression and non clinical based populations. So mode, energy, stat of and self-esteem efficacy is one that seems to be emerging. Now very difficult to measure, but when you ask people now, as if maybe because they got improvements in the gym, they can perform activities that hold better, but mode is one that we're starting to see in improvement or at least some emerging evidence and that's going to come more often than all the young. That's fascinating. Now, before we get to the myth, what if an individual has been previously trained? Let's say an individual when they are young, they're training, they're satellite cells are healthy, etc. They put on sculptal muscle. They've now hit midlife and fallen into the midlife trap. Does previous training impact? The answer from a scientific perspective, we don't know, but it's logical is very similar to the muscle memory with training. So all those precious issues if they're still dormant or activated, they can become reactivated. So the logical theory is that if you take in a decade off, exercise and then creating, making of you a motivational boost that have a chance of our time, but that has that study hasn't been done. Fair, fair. Let's talk about some myth. Okay. Give me your top weight. Give me your top three. We, the number one for sure, it's that mass. We talked about that earlier and we think we have a good idea. It doesn't. The second one. The preteen does not increase fat mass myth number yeah, it does not. No, in combination with exercise number two, the ballness, I literally could say preteen caused cancer. And the person say that's not because it caused baldness. And they say, well, look at you. I mean, so this is interesting from the rugby study over to these two decades ago. Now, only a single study has ever sort of looked at any of these measures. And in our mess of its conception paper, we put out of a few years ago. We clearly showed that in these individuals creating increased serum, DHT, a derivative of testosterone or linked to hair follicle loss or thinning. But just like when you go to the doctor and there's a nice range for cholesterol and blood glucose, the DHT level went up within normal range. But when they were on placebo, they range or they increased did not go up. And so immediately people thought, oh, if this form, oh, mine up, that means that's why I'm going bowl. It's never been shown to call it the bowl. And then you could argue it's never been shown not the column called bowlness. But I've a sense over a thousand people at high dose two years. And now a single person biological male or female has come to me and say, Daren, whatever you're giving me, I don't know but my hair is thinning. So I don't know why the study hasn't been done. I don't know. It'd be easy to do to look at a professional area in a certain region on the head or wherever. But um, that is myth number, which is one end. Two. That's number two. The third one is I think, do I need to take a loading phase? And people often think, well, because all the products that you buy on a label to just the loading phase, the answer is 100 percent. No, you do not need to take the loading phase. That's primarily only for athletes. If you're taken up for a long cavity or health purposes, you can start as little as three grams a day. And you can work your way up the maybe five or more if you want. So those are three of the biggest, oh, sorry, uh, and then kidney and liver function would be a course one. There's no adverse effects and God, they've done randomized control trials since the early 2000s. High dose moderate dose, low dose, no adverse effects, comparable seaball. That is extremely humble. Where do you think the creating research is going? What would you like to see? I think we have a good grasp on muscle. We still have a little bit more because we talked about the protein synthesis rates and a little bit more cells and enzymes. But the next push will primarily be on bone research. But even bigger there, I think is coming to neck up. And we sort of put it a really good review last year for to explore the idea. Can this compound wither without exercise have brain beneficial effects? And it has some application for depression and anxiety, PTSD, falls in that category. What about concussion? It's not really showing a lot of problems now for the neurofizzy allergic or muscular conditions, such as Parkinson's or leukeric disease. But it has been shown to have some benefits of muscular dystrophy. So that's I think we're the next 20 or 30 years we'll go. There is a study super excited. I can't wait for this to come out. Looking at it, it's the effect on Alzheimer's disease. And we're starting to look at people with pre- supposed to dementia. Can it improve their way of life? You can throw everything we know about muscle and bone away. If it improves some aspects of Alzheimer's disease or dementia, that could have profound effects from a global initiative. And that's why I'm starting to get involved now from a creating for global health initiative. Maybe there should be DRIs for creating and certain populations. If they're not eating a lot of meat in certain parts of the world, can this help offset some of those effects? So it's a huge push. And I think you're going to start to see creating not just for athlete but for health purposes.