A lot of people think that in order to keep their glucose level steady that have to go keto and never eat carbs ever again and that that's the only solution. It really isn't. You can still eat starches and sugars in a way that leads to a smaller glucose spike. So let me give you an example with another hack. So the study found that if you eat the constituents of a meal in a specific order, you can reduce the glucose spike of that meal by up to 75% a lot. Meaning yes, meaning you can eat the exact same meal, same quantity, same foods, just by switching the order you get a smaller spike. And you guessed it, the best thing to eat first is the vegetables, as I mentioned earlier because you take advantage of the fiber. And then when you put the starches and sugars at the end of the meal, you get a much smaller spike. I mean if you have them earlier on in the meal. This episode is brought to you by Maui Nui Venison. I found Maui Nui Venison because I'm always looking for snacks for myself and my kids. And Maui Nui Venison delivers. They have in each jerky stick which by the way, pay some amazing. You can get it in peppered or original. Has about 60 calories and 10 grams of protein. You can have two. You double up. It makes a great snack for you, for your kids, for your family members, for your guests. And they use wild harvest methods that matters because it is better for the environment. Basically, they have a mission and a story to bring the best medicine to you no matter where you live while being good to the environment. You can try yours. Go to Maui Nui Venison. That's M-A-U-I-N-U-I-Venison V-E-N-I-S-O-N.com slash lion. Take advantage of this limited time offer and get 20% off your first order. Jessie in Chau's fee. Welcome to the podcast. I see that you're wearing a mussel. Yes, I wore my mussel tea for you to show off my guns because I've lived in WAITs three times a week. I felt like this was the perfect opportunity to show them. I would absolutely agree. And thank you. Thank you. You're a French biochemist. Incredible. New York Times bestselling author. You have been on a mission to translate blood sugar, science, glucose, regulation to the public. And by the way, that is not an easy task. To take science and make it understandable to the general population. True. True. It is my passion and it's been great to be able to make a career out of it. Well, first of all, how did you become the glucose goddess? I mean, could have been the protein goddess. It could have been the fatty acid goddess. But you chose the glucose goddess. Yeah. Well, if it feels more like it shows me. So I started my health journey when I was a teenager. I had an accident when I was 19 years old and I broke my back jumping off a waterfall. And that propulsed me into a world of physical pain, mental health issues, my body felt broken. My brain didn't feel like mine anymore. I was thrown into the deep end of health struggles. And it's at that point that I realized that that young age, that if you don't have your health, you really don't have that much. And so I was forced in a way to go on this journey to try to get my health back to try to understand my body, my brain, how to how to fix myself. And that brought me to want to study biochemistry and grad school study in Silicon Valley and work in genetics. And nothing really helped me until I discovered the fabulous land of glucose levels. I had the opportunity to wear a glucose monitor as part of a research study when I was in Silicon Valley. Very randomly, I don't have diabetes. Nobody my family has diabetes. I didn't think it would really bring that much to my life. But I was curious about it. Turns out that it completely changed the game for me. It showed me that the days during which my glucose levels were steady, my mental health was good. And the days where my glucose levels were going spike drops, spike drops, all those symptoms, all those mental health issues I had been struggling with, well, they would flare up and get worse. And so to me, Gabriel, I felt like this was the first clue that I had finally gotten to try to fix my mental health and my body, my brain. And so it became fascinating by the topic. I found that I wasn't alone, that up to 80% of the population who does not have diabetes can still experience these glucose spikes on a daily basis. And that they can lead to lots of stuff from cravings to fatigue to hormonal and balances to long-term diabetes. And so I went on a quest to learn how to study my glucose levels in a way that was not too cumbersome. And that helped me heal myself. And then I wanted to share it with the world. And that's how the glucose goddess accounts started and how this whole journey of teaching people the science of blood sugar started. And it was totally unexpected for you, yes. Yes, yes, absolutely. When you were dealing with challenges of blood sugar regulation, what were some of the moods, swings that you were feeling or if they were swings or if it was anxiety, what kind of internal feelings were you having? For me, it was more depression, anxiety, panic attacks that had started after my accident. And that got worse and had these sort of flare ups once in a while. I also experienced what's called depersonalization, which just honestly feels like inflammation of the brain. And I didn't really understand why some days my mental health was better or worse than others. And it's when I figured out that there was a glucose connection that I found one of the first variables that could explain why some days my mental health was worse. So yeah, it was mostly anxiety depression and this very strange depersonalization symptom. Have you heard of? I have actually. We actually see it a lot in our clinic when individuals are exposed to mold. When they have environment. Really? Yeah. In terms of where their location is. We certainly see it. So let's start with the foundation. The foundational question I'm sure everybody asks you is what is glucose? Why is it important and how is it or can be harmful to people? So glucose is your body's preferred source of energy. Okay, so every single cell in your body from your brain cells to your muscle cells, to your liver cells, use glucose for energy. And as human beings, the main way that we provide this very important molecule to our body is by eating foods, specifically by eating two types of foods. So starches and sugars. Yes, protein can also lead to some glucose, but generally for most of the population, they get glucose from starches and sugars. And some glucose is fine, right? No problem. It's like when you have a plant at home and you know the plant needs some water to live. But if you give the plant too much water, then it drowns. Well, the human body is similar. In the sense that some glucose totally perfectly okay, too much glucose and problems start happening. And specifically, when during a meal, you eat too many of these starches and sugars. Your body will experience what's called a glucose spike. So simply put it just means a rapid increase in how much glucose is in your bloodstream and in your body. And these spikes are really what I've focused my research on. These spikes lead to a few consequences. They lead to inflammation, they lead to glycation, and they lead to insulin release. So the objective for us to feel better is to try to keep these spikes a bit more under control and steady our blood sugar levels. And there's so many really cool hacks and techniques we can use a lot of them involved using our muscles, which of course you are a total pro at. But there's simple things we can do and that have a fundamental impact on the health of our body in our brain. Short-term today, how we feel, and also long-term. And that's really the message I want to bring to people is that it's easy and it's going to help you today and in the future. And I think that there is just some real benefit to understanding what foods and how much that can cause this spike in glucose. And of course, when we think about glucose spike, the body has a normal natural response to foods. Typically, at least in my clinic and I think in the literature, individuals, you do not want to go above 140 milligrams per desoliter. However, up into that point is somewhat normal. My question would be how is blood glucose measured? And at what point do you feel that it becomes harmful? Well, most of us only get our glucose levels measured once a year. We get our fasting glucose levels measured. And a traditional doctor will say, oh, if your fasting glucose is underneath 100 milligrams per desoliter, you don't have to be diabetes, you're perfectly healthy, you see you next year. If your fasting glucose comes back somewhere between 100 and 126, your doctor will say, oh, whoa, you have pre-diabetes. And now you think above 126, will be diagnosed as type 2 diabetes. Now the problem is, once you get to the pre-diabetes diagnosis, your glucose levels have been rising for many, many, many, many years. And so even if you don't yet have pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes, it's super important to look at your glucose levels and make sure they don't creep anywhere near that 100 mark. So to your question of when does it become harmful? I mean, so clinically we can say it becomes harmful to close your get-to-pre-diabetes. But on your point about the glucose spikes, yes, we should avoid increasing our glucose levels post 140 after a meal, right? But there are even some studies that say that any increase after eating of more than 30 milligrams per desolator. So it delta an increase of more than 30 milligrams per desolator should be avoided in healthy individuals. So if you're fasting glucose level as 90, you should avoid going above 120 after eating. And this is debatable, of course, right? And I don't focus so much on the absolute numbers. I focus more on helping people reduce and flatten their spikes regardless of the height of the spike, whether they're at plus 30 or plus 60 after a meal, we cannot benefit from reducing that. So in conclusion, if you have three diabetes or top-to-diabetes, you need to fats and your glucose spikes to put those conditions into remission. And if you don't have three diabetes, yet you also need to look at your glucose spikes to prevent the onset of three diabetes and also to help you not get all the symptoms from the glucose spikes in the first place, which can be as simple as chronic fatigue as cravings as porcelain as hormonal disruptions, etc. So anybody benefits from learning about this topic. I do think that there is a lot of benefit from learning about it. And you know, it's interesting when you think about blood sugar regulation, one thing and I'm curious is if you see this. So do you always wear a continuous glucose monitor? This episode is brought to you by thesis. Thesis is the world's first customized nitropic company. Nitropics are nutrients found in nature or the human body that enhance things that we care about. Like focus, energy, mood, dare I say logic? And what I love about this company is while most companies take a one size fits all approach. Thesis takes a customized approach. You can go to their website, you can take their quiz and it has databases after databases of information that will allow them to pair you with your perfect blend. You'll get a starter kit with four different blend recommendations. I have to tell you lately I have been all about logic. Logic has something called fakopa in it. Fakopa is one of the most studied nitropics it's good for memory, neuro protection, learning, many things. You can try different blends by going to take thesis.com slash doctor lion that's take thesis.com slash doctor lion. Thesis is offering 10% off your first box. You'll get a customized starter kit. You'll take the quiz, use the code and you are well on your way. No, you know I did for the first two years nonstop and now I do it once every six months because I know everything now I can into it everything that's going. It's amazing it truly is amazing and I will say for people that are just exploring putting a continuous glucose monitor on one thing that we see and I'm curious as if you saw this individuals on a higher protein diet will maintain higher levels of blood sugar. Roughly anywhere from maybe nine you know in the 90s and it's through gluconeogenesis. Let's say their carbohydrates are controlled their body becomes very good at making glucose and much less reliant on external carbohydrates like skin cells or other things and you can prove this to yourself by putting a continuous glucose monitor on and I think just he makes a really a point is you have to understand your own body there's certain variability for everybody. I have a question for you. Did you notice that when you went above a certain amount of carbohydrates that you got a robust response regardless of the food type or was it very dependent on the food type and the fiber content? You know I never measured grams of carbs. That's just my brain doesn't work that way. I'm much more of an abstract person when it comes to food. I'm like oh you know 40% of my meal is protein and 20% of fiber and the rest is carbs so I could not tell you the amounts of carbs. But very clearly you know the breakfast that I used to eat which was a Nutella Crape and orange. That sounds good. You are orange juice. That sounds good right. My husband has that last week. What are you bringing in the house here honey? I mean I was raised on that right and then at 11 in the morning I felt awful hungry exhausted but I just thought that was normal. So to me what I like to teach people is just to be able to be a food detective and to be able to discern what kind of macronutrient is in front of them before they get into counting the number of grams. So for example I want everybody to know that when they look at bread will that starch or when they look at chicken that's protein when they look at vegetable that's going to be fiber. You know I mean I mean it's kind of sweeping analysis of the food composition but I think it's so important to be able to do that and most people don't have that skill yet. So if you're just eating starches or sugars and sugars or anything that tastes sweet from you know a banana to chocolate cake essentially and starch is being bread rise, pasta potatoes etc. Those are the things to look out for because those are the things that turn to glucose when you digest them. So anytime you have a meal that is mostly just starch and sugar you can be pretty sure you're going to get a massive glucose bike and that's the first phase to start really. Yeah and you know it's it's really interesting from what we teach people anything above. First all number one people do not typically count macronutrients. It is very challenging. Just in general it seems as if people are very busy but anything above 50 grams of carbohydrates seems to have a much more robust insulin spike. So the blood glucose rises, then insulin increases and you potentially can get a subsequent drop and blood sugar which makes you all the things that Jessie was discussing whether it's irritable, tired, mood swings, fatigue. Really important. Do you think that there are actionable things that individuals can do to manage the glucose spike? What you call these hacks that are important to them? Yeah that was a chance of question. It was like of course. Yeah so for those living I have a great team that helps me and we go through all the content of the individual that we invite on the show and we send them a list of questions prior and we send them some studies etc. So yes many hacks and I'm really all about action and they're scary and you can talk about disease states all night long but I want to help people actually get started that's my passion and behavior change. So in my book my first book glucose revolution there are 10 hacks but I want to cover maybe the foremost important ones here today at least these four because if you apply these four hacks you will significantly reduce your blood sugar swings, your glucose spikes and start within the benefits immediately. So the first most important hack to a void glucose spikes is all about breakfast and it can be breakfast at 9 a.m. it can be breakfast at 4 p.m. you can fast for as long as little as you want but the first meal of your day should always be savory never sweet right? Most of us have a sweet first meal of the day like I mentioned the Nutella Crapes and Orange Juice or it can be the breakfast cereal or the toast and the jam etc. When you have something sweet in the morning that leads to a massive glucose spike and then a crash and then your whole day ends up being this glucose roller coaster where you feel exhausted cranky moody and you have cravings for sugar and then it's 11 p.m. and you've eaten five pots of ice cream you know we all know how those days go because your breakfast determines your glucose levels for the rest of the day. So have a savory breakfast first thing and what would be something that you have? Just a pure favorite, very very breakfast. So savory breakfast is always built around protein. So my favorite savory breakfast would be an omelet with feta and tomato as maybe like some tuna, hummus of a cotto situation and my favorite savory breakfast is actually leftovers from dinner. Super easy warm the weapon of pan cracks and eggs in there throw some parmesan on top and you're good right? We should be treating breakfast like we treat our other meals. The concept that breakfast food should be the dessert is an invention of the food industry. We don't mean that it's only harming us. So savory first meal of the day built around lots of protein that's going to keep your glucose levels nice and steady. Do you ever think about resistance starch when you're having the breakfast? Can you mention about that as an astrategy? Absolutely you can have resistance starch you can have you can even add you know some vegetables in there to just get the fiber and if you want to have a simple piece of bread for example or some potatoes which is just regular starch you can but it should be there for taste right? It should never be the center of your breakfast. It should be there for pleasure for taste but not as the main character and something cool about resistance starch while we're on the topic. There's some really cool studies that show that when you heat starch up and then you cool it down overnight during the fridge some of the starch in the food let's say in St. Pasta will turn into resistance starch. So you're essentially lowering the glucose impact of a starch by heating it up and cooling it down and then easing it later on. That's so amazing. Do you see that? Do you see that on your own body? Yeah absolutely. And so what I do is I find these studies are really interesting and then I test them on my own glucose levels to produce sort of an illustration of those scientific studies and so that people can get the message from the studies in a very visual, easy way. That's the goal. What you do a wonderful job at doing that and just for the listener the resistance starch these are molecules that do exactly that they resist digestion and they function kind of like a fiber that that's one way you can think about it as opposed to just straight white bread etc it becomes more fiber-esque in the morning and it acts like fibers so you can end up with some pasta that has way more fiber than it originally would have if you had just easing it straight there. But that's like a little side quest hack right we don't have to do that for every single start that we eat and so that was the first one say every breakfast the second one which is very important has to do with vegetables. So when we eat vegetables at the beginning of a meal and this is key at the beginning of a meal the fiber in the vegetables has time to go and coat the walls of our upper intestine creating a protective mesh in our upper intestine that stays in place for a few hours and this mesh helps reduce how quickly glucose molecules from the rest of the meal are going to make their way into your bloodstream. So you're slowing down the arrival of glucose molecules into your blood by having what I call a veggie starter. So before lunch or before dinner start your meal with a plate of vegetables it can be anything from roasted broccoli with tahini to some raw carrots to salad whatever you want a veggie starter take advantage of that fiber in your veggies to reduce the spike of the rest of the meal and after the veggie starter eats whatever you want right you just add this plate and it's interesting because in so many cultures we see this as a habit so in France where I'm from we have this concept of kudite which kind of like an old school thing our grandparents used to do which is raw veggies at the beginning of a meal in Italy on tpasti is usually built around vegetables so we've known for a long time that these habits make a lot of sense and only recently do we have the science and the glucose evidence to back at all that's really cool. I actually I hadn't thought about that that's absolutely correct. Does it matter what kind of fiber whether it's soluble insoluble do you care or do you just say listen friends? I don't care. I mean this is this is my philosophy right I'm just like any veggies just find veggies that you want even if it's just salad that actually doesn't have that much fiber in it but even if you just want a little bit of salad or if you want to go you know the full mine yards and make a beautiful roasted dish of lots of different veggies go for the veggies. That's the most important part. And so the first hack is eat a savory breakfast with protein. The second hack is to pre-game your meal with fiber. What's the third? Exactly. Thank you to Element for sponsoring this episode of the show. Element spelled LMNT is an electric like pack that I've been using for a long time now. I'm a huge fan which is why I'm thrilled that they are sponsoring this episode of the show. Element is formulated to help anybody and everybody with their electric light needs whether you know you need it or not. For example if you are training and sweating a lot if you are not getting enough sodium or potassium or magnesium in your diet this has you covered it's a science backed electrolite or ratio. It doesn't have any junk in it. It doesn't have any sugar comes in very easy travel packs you can throw in your bag. I drink between two and three a day. They help me with muscle cramping. It helps me maintain my hydration case amazing right now. Element is offering my listeners a free sample pack with any purchase that's eat single serving packets free with any element order get yours at drink LMNT.com slash doctor lion that's drink LMNT.com slash doctor lion you can try it totally risk free. If you don't like it you can give it to someone and they will give you your money back. No questions asked. Okay the third one has to do with vinegar and it's been most of my time reading scientific studies and when I first came across the scientific studies I'm vinegar and glucose levels I almost fall off my mind. When was that? I cannot believe it. It was about four or five years ago and I really couldn't believe it. So it turns out that vinegar contains a molecule called acetic acid and when we have a tablespoon of vinegar in some water before eating carbs this can reduce the glucose spike of our carbs by up to 30 percent just by adding this vinegar drink before eating them and the reason for this is because acetic acid slows down the enzymes and charge are breaking down carbs into glucose molecules. So the acetic acid slows down how quickly the glucose from the carbs arrives into your bloodstream once again. It's all about velocity and slowing down that glucose so it doesn't spike so high. And again I mean like everybody has vinegar in their kitchen it is an ingredient that's been around for centuries and in the Middle East and you're on for example they have apple cider vinegar every single day it's known to be a healthy ingredient but only recently have we started to uncover what's really going on on a chemical level. So these are not rocket science they're kind of common sense but actually we need to bring them back because we've lost touch with all of them. That advice is really valuable in terms of what do we know from a foundational perspective and what if people always done and what have we gotten away from? I pulled a meta analysis here and this is the effects of apple cider vinegar on lipid profiles and glycemic parameters, systematic review and meta analysis of randomized clinical trials. I will link it here for you guys and the conclusion was that they found a significant favorable effect of apple cider vinegar consumption on fasting plasma glucose and blood lipid levels. Absolutely and what's also cool is that it doesn't matter whether it's apple cider vinegar or any other type of vinegar because they all contain acetic acid so you know apple cider vinegar is sort of the trendy one but it can be white wine vinegar it can be cherry vinegar it can be rice vinegar they all contain this acetic acid molecule. You do want to avoid though the very syrupy balsamic glaze the stuff that you know pores really slowly out of the bottle because that's full of sugars so that's not going to help it all. And how does exercise play a role in all this? Ooh I'm excited to talk about this with you. Well this is the fourth hack the first the fourth most important hack is to recruit our muscles in our fight against glucose bikes. So the advice I think if people is after eating move your body for 10 minutes okay because as I mentioned at the beginning of this episode every single cell in your body uses glucose for energy and your muscle cells also use glucose for energy and so we can use this to our advantage if we contract our muscles after eating some of the glucose from the meal will be used by our muscles instead of hanging around and creating a big glucose bike. So even just 10 minutes of walking even just cleaning your apartment walking your dog doing the dishes you can go to the gym as well but any kind of movement within 90 minutes after the end of a meal is going to significantly reduce the glucose bike of that meal. Now of course the other piece to look at is how much muscle mass do you have in the first days because the more muscle mass you have in your body the more you're going to have these incredible storage units to store any excess glucose and you're the pro at this so I will let you take the mic. Well yes glucose is the site for our skeletal muscles the site for glucose disposal and what's so amazing is it doesn't require insulin when you have exercising skeletal muscle the body will pull the glucose that is in the bloodstream out of the bloodstream and move it to skeletal muscle. So I love I think the fourth hack is my favorite I think that that fourth hack should be hack number one and I will also mention that when you engage in physical activity so what just he's talking about is she's very specifically speaking about post feeding glucose response. When you exercise and or when you are stressed you will see increases in blood glucose that is not from my understanding just see that is not where you were talking about you are purely talking about when you eat something what happens? Yes correct correct correct. So I'm talking about using our muscles and movement as a way to dispose of glucose after eating so that you reduce the glucose spike of the meal that you just had so that you eat the meal that you like with fewer consequences on your health by recruiting your muscles to dispose of some of that excess glucose. You have thoughts over time if this ends up being meaningful outcomes for example let's say someone like myself I'm tiny maybe my blood sugar never goes up past 140 do you think that there is benefit to measuring it watching it. I don't recommend everybody where the glucose monitor if that's the question you're asking I used to I used to think everybody should wear one and it was going to be life changing and I realized over the years and by getting a lot of feedback from my readers that for some people having a glucose monitor and seeing those numbers all day can be quite stressful and also if you don't have the education it can be very confusing to interpret seriously even I sometimes I'm like I have no idea why this pattern is happening right so I would recommend people actually sort of try to check in with themselves think about their cravings their energy levels their hormonal health they're asleep how they feel their skin as a way to assess how their glucose is doing within but if you're listening to this and you feel really drawn to trying to glucose monitor go for it's just be aware that you need as much information as possible for example my first book which is it's not a plug seriously it's just a really good one when I'm shown not because I will yeah glucose Bible to have if you want to go down this rounds but I think a lot of people can get the benefits of these hacks without wearing glucose monitors is there anything to do with any more hacks so that was four what we have tons of hacks but those are the foremost important ones that I really want people to take away you can find the other ones in my book but savory breakfast veggie starter vinegar moving after eating those that's the pillar if you do that for four weeks you will get significant benefits has there been anything that is surprising that has come out in the literature as you're reading tell me a lot of really interesting surprising stuff the most recent study that really blew my mind is the effect of grounding on your glucose levels so grounding being the act of either putting your feet against the earth right or and some grass or something so essentially connecting your electrical voltage with the voltage of the earth and as this happens information goes down you sort of it really great your voltage and your body electrons get put into the earth and the researchers also found that this significant you lowers your glucose levels they don't really know you are part is all but yes it decreases part is all yes and information in the body so it's probably all connected but again this just tells me wow we all wear these shoes that completely insulatus from the earth we're just walking on concrete all day if we can't if we just went back a little bit and walked on the bear earth a bit more our glucose levels would benefit so again it's coming back to these very common sense things but I thought it was amazing to see a study on it I'll send it to you anything else anything else that just surprised you and shocked you I mean that is pretty surprising that the environment would play a role like that yeah another cool study I mean there's so much I will mention one that I love which has to do with married couples so these incredible researchers very brave researchers recruited a bunch of married couples I think about a hundred married couples and they gave each person in the couple a voodoo doll representing their spouse and their researchers asked the participants to put a pin in the voodoo doll every time their partner irritated them and this for six weeks okay then the researchers got the voodoo doll's back and measured the participants glucose levels now what they found is that the people who had the most glucose lows okay so essentially more variable glucose levels with more hypos had put more pins in the voodoo doll representing their spouse so the researchers concluded that your glucose levels could maybe have a link to how you show up in relationship how irritated you are by those around you and to me this is so important because it's telling us that the way we eat can change who we are as a person it can change almost our personality right so if you're having married old troubles or even just feeling difficult emotions maybe looking at how you're eating could help you get to a place where you feel more balanced than at peace and for me that study I just have you know big kudos to the researcher I just think it's such a funny study right it's amazing yeah what do you think about that comparing voodoo doll's lemma how many pins did you put in there do you think that the environment so for example this this group that have a voodoo doll's I'm gonna kept my husband one it's gonna be full of pins and this is just gonna be a whole thing do you think that the interpersonal dynamic also can affect blood sugar in which that would then change the way that we maybe some people have a higher glucose tolerance than others maybe some people that appear metabolically healthy don't need as many carbs just because of the high stress environment have you if you thought about that absolutely yes I think it's interesting it's sort of looking at it the other way around so the biggest glucose spike I ever saw in myself was from stress I gave a big presentation five years ago I was terrified and then I in front of a bunch of hundreds of people and then I look at my glucose levels and I had spike to 190 just from giving a presentation in front of people just from stress and so if we follow that logic big glucose spike from the stress then big glucose drop consequences crankiness, moodiness, cravings etc I hadn't eaten anything but just my environment to the fact that I was in a stressful situation impacted my glucose and my behavior my personality for the rest of the day made me more likely to seek out sweet foods that would then keep me on a glucose roller coaster so for sure you can imagine that somebody who lives in a more stressful environment will have bigger glucose spikes and drops due to that environment and then that would only be exacerbated and get worse because that then leads to you you know having behaviors that are just going to make it vicious cycle and worse and worse so it's a very multifaceted complicated convoluted relationship have you have you heard of this something called the glucose types patterns glucose types are you talking about the Stanford study glucose types reveal new patterns of glucose dysregulation and yeah and yeah and 18 less exactly this is a this is a very important study that is the study that showed us the up to 80% of people who do not have diabetes can still have spikes into the pre-diabetic or diabetic range from foods like breakfast cereal that was a study that changed the game that was one of the first studies using glucose monitors on that population and sort of ringing the alarm bell saying hey everybody turns out even if you are metabolic take what I'm going to help you you don't have three diabetes you can still have these big spikes that have an impact on your health yeah it's it's really well laid out it shows low variability moderate variability and severe variability with individuals that again that's just you're saying are not necessarily diabetic and then these glucose types were associated by these variability patterns thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the again blood work is of critical importance it is the beginning to your journey to health and optimization and by the way health optimization is an active and dynamic process you should be involved in I strongly suggest that you go to inside tracker dot com slash doctor lion they are offering 20% off their entire inside tracker store and if you are new to blood work you can head over and grab inner age 2.0 which is amazing it looks at 17 different biomarkers for men and 13 for women to allow you to calculate your biological age aka your inner age to see where you're at and what you need to improve it is a low cost entry and depending on your area you can have a mobile full bottomest come and take your blood which by the way is such a luxury and it eliminates all excuses for a limited time only you can get 20% off the entire inside tracker store just go to inside tracker dot com slash doctor lion that's inside tracker dot com slash doctor lion and figure out where you are to determine where you are going yes what are your thoughts on the gut microbiome where do you think that that plays a role in blood sugar regulation or is it still too early to tell you know I'm not an expert on the microbiome but what's very clear is that you know your microbiome is what processes your food and we know that a healthy microbiome keeps your glucose levels more steady and an unhealthy microbiome leads to more glucose facts so it's all connected it's all connected you would have to get a good expert on here to discuss that but if you eat in a way that's going to cause glucose spikes you're also eating in a way that is going to make your microbiome unhealthy so going to promote the growth of you know quote unquote bad bacteria and that ends up being a vicious cycle because then for the same foods you will get a bigger glucose spike because your microbiome is less healthy so interesting isn't that interesting and that is really this personalized medicine what does he say is that we could eat you know my producer over here Matt who's sitting over my left shoulder he could eat we I don't know we were filming something on Don't Cringe Jesse Rice crispy treats he could eat rice for they actually are protein rice treat rice crispy treats but he could eat that and his blood sugar could go to 150 maybe probably not he's pretty fit and mine could the exact same thing exact same meal maybe pretend where the digital twin of each other and mine could only go to 110 and maybe or 120 maybe it's because of I mean there's many different reasons as to why that would be but got microbiome I think does play a bigger role than we have yet to recognize it could be got microbiome it could be insulin release right so glucose is really not a very healthy picture it could also be a hydration status so when you're more dehydrated you have bigger glucose spikes it can be muscle mass it can be time a revenge role cycle it could be stress it can be a higher dur I mean the the variables are endless but and that's why it's so difficult to compare two people's glucose spikes and drawing conclusions we can't really say much because it depends on so much stuff though we can say is that if both you and your producer had used one of my hacks before eating the rice crispy treats both of your spikes would have been proportionally smaller and that's the key rights because those hacks work in everybody regardless of how high you're actually spiking a cdc acid will work for an individual no matter what yeah that's amazing now I know why my dad just slams apple cider vinegar he he he lives in Ecuador yes he lives in Ecuador and before he gets here he needs to make sure that there's a bottle of apple cider vinegar in the house well that's amazing see ancestral wisdom they know much better than we do it's maybe he listens to the podcast what are some of the most common misconceptions people have with managing blood sugar that you've seen a lot of people think that in order to keep their glucose level steady they have to go keto and never eat carbs ever again and that that's the only solution it really isn't you can still eat starches and sugars in a way that leads to smaller glucose spikes so let me give you an example with another hack so the study found that if you eat the constituents of a meal in a specific order you can reduce to glucose spike of that meal by up to 75% a lot meaning yes meaning you can eat the exact same meal same quantity same just by switching the order you get a smaller spike and you guessed it the best thing to eat first is the vegetables as I mentioned earlier because you take advantage of the fiber and then when you put the starches and sugars at the end of the meal you get a much smaller spike they need if you have them earlier on in the meal and so we can think about this a little further and say okay when we want to eat something sweet we should never eat it on an empty stomach we should always have an after meal as dessert and that's one of the ways you can eat the chocolate you love or the cookie you love with less impact on your glucose levels so always think dessert is the way to go again common sense that's when most people eat sweet foods but now pretend to have sweet foods between meals in the morning and that just needs to big spikes so always have sweet foods at the end of a meal and learn to use my hacks so you can eat the carbs that you love in a way that leads to smaller spikes and last thing I will add is that when you start using the hacks and reducing your glucose spikes you actually crave junk food and starches and sugars way less so it's sort of naturally you go towards the state where you're eating fewer carbs anyway but if you try to go the brute force route and say okay tomorrow I'm going keto that's very difficult to maintain and most people just can do it for more than a couple days right but if you solve the ended lying issue you're going to be able to build this into a lifestyle did you have a moment where you realize that you were going to do this you mean talk about the figure all day yes did you just have this you know you you and I this is pretty funny because I feel like all I do is talk about protein and muscle yeah I know it's so funny did I have a moment at several moments but it sort of built up I think the aha moments was when I saw that deep personalization correlating with these big glucose spikes I was my personal aha moments and then when I was working and so I can value and I started getting super interested about this topic I thought why is nobody made glucose super mainstream and almost you know at one with pop culture and over time as I built the Instagram and I felt that there was traction it built in myself too and became a passion and then the book happened and you know things just sort of snowball there was not a moment where I thought this is what I'm going to do as my life it sort of happened over time what about you how long have you been doing that five years and it just it took a life of a town totally totally but I do think the universe always wanted me to talk about this topic because when I was 11 years old we had a theater production my school and I was the pancreas and I was talking in this little I know I was talking and so my role was to play the pancreas the organ that manages glucose levels so if I look back like okay the universe always wanted me to talk about glucose it was a retarded you figure out how to make it mainstream I think this is the big struggle that a lot of people scientists do have I mean you've been able to simplify and listen you guys that are listening whether you're providers it you do have to sacrifice nuance to make information accessible and that is just the reality of it people may disagree but again to actually help the masses the simpler quite frankly the better and he sacrificed again some of the new on-sage it just happens absolutely and you say the simpler the better I got to a point where my content was so simple that I could remove all the words from it and people would still understand it because I went to drawings right my genius moment was to dream up these images of glucose spikes side by side explaining a simple concept so for example broccoli and then mac and cheese smaller spike than mac and cheese alone I don't even have to write broccoli mac and cheese because there's a little image of them right I stripped things down so far that I almost can't take anything away anymore so I think creating that visual graph was the thing that proposed this content and this science level of mainstream I think it's all about the visual element it was it's brilliant it's brilliant it's straightforward and it can reach a lot of people and even on that note I am sure that you're thinking about other things because at this point now you've been talking about glucose for five years and you're probably thinking to yourself wow everybody just wants to talk about glucose and I'm so over talking about glucose but it is now just hit mainstream is that happened to you yeah yeah you know two years in is when I felt like I cannot talk about glucose anymore I just cannot say what glucose is and then something switched in my brain where I don't know it didn't feel frustrating anymore just became automatic so when you ask me what is glucose there's no part of me that's resisting like oh my god I've had some this question a million times I'm like I'm very happy to tell you the answer that I think is the best answer and it's going to convey this information to the person but yes of course now I'm thinking about evolving things I'm really interested in mental health because that's the reason I got into this in the first day so I always wonder what I do to mental health what I did to glucose so could I make it visual could I turn complicated science into easy hacks could I make it super human and accessible but I think that's going to take me you know decades to get there because we don't have a good way to visualize mental health and I don't think that I can create a message that is super mass market if I don't have a visual support so I've been talking to if you companies that map the brain that voltage etc but it's too early I don't think we can really extract from that's a simple visual image that could help me in that journey but I'm sure is your thoughts about that I think you'll probably have a flash of insight moment because really it was this Evan flow of these moods or anxiety that led you to really pinpoint glucose and again I hear that a lot from my patients when they're feeling a certain way we have to figure out is it actually anxiety or is it blood sugar dysregulation and oftentimes if they're waking up in the middle of the night we'll see absin flows in their blood sugar that make them feel extremely anxious so do I think that you'll be able to do it I do I absolutely do and again you are a very unique blend of being interested in a biochemistry but also interested in this idea of bringing things to mass market in the mainstream that's unusual so my question is what did you do in Silicon Valley I was working okay so I'll back up right before Silicon Valley I was doing my master's degree in biochemistry at Georgetown and I didn't like the lab like it was it was too slow for me I was like six months to do this experiment and then something can go wrong and then there's this technique and then you have to scrap the whole thing and it's seven years later and your paper doesn't get really it was it did not work your eyes out of personality pretty much so so from that moment I knew I wouldn't be an academia and Silicon Valley I really wanted to work at this company called 23 and me they do genetic testing and ancestry etc and I thought it was the coolest thing and I wanted to work on the product team I said hey guys so I had master's in biochemistry but I want to work on product that means I want to work on the website and the emails and the experience and the features because that's my true passion like I'm a user obsessed person I always think about what is going to be the experience of somebody who has no scientific backing I always think about like my mother my grandmother my aunt how they're going to interact with this piece of information how do I make it seamless and super simple so they finally gave me an internship after I begged them for an internship for about six months a kicking and screaming they're like fine you can you can work your for three months during the summer and that's when I learned engineering and design and software and you know I blossomed I loved it and then when I had the moment of oh wow glucose is going to be important to me I merged the two I merged my little science and my understanding of scientific studies with my passion for making user-centric products essentially and design and marketing and bitter made a little snowball and voila glucose goddess was born it's a it's extraordinary hey you guys have to check out our stuff the extraordinary part about it is the information does bring awareness to blood sugar regulation and one could say well does blood sugar regulation and checking it does you know what are those long-term outcomes if you're healthy maybe not much but if you have disregulated blood sugar absin flows are likely not good insulin should be thought of as a fail-safe mechanism not something that you're calling upon frequently and then what else is so interesting about what Jessie has done is she's taken these somewhat complex topics and made it available to everybody and rather than we could have gone in down the rabbit hole of the acetic acid and what is the structure and what enzymes are it inhibiting et cetera et cetera but that might be interesting for her and I and maybe you but the point is is when people are sitting there just learning they just want to do the thing and that's amazing thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show with all this discussion on blood sugar regulation I'm gonna share with you one of my on the go keep my blood sugar stable snacks that is balanced with carbohydrates and protein and that is the level one protein bar they come in all different kinds of flavors chocolate chip cookie dough chocolate mint cookie one of our favorites is chocolate peanut butter pretzel yes you heard that correctly and what I love about the level one bar is number one it has way protein in it it has a one to one or close to one to one ratio of carbohydrates to protein that helps with blood sugar stability they taste amazing you almost think that you're eating a candy bar but you're not so if you are looking for a sweet snack or potentially even a lower calorie meal then level one bars are the way to go get yours at first form dot com slash doctor lion that's first form dot com slash doctor lion it's all about just starting and doing one thing and can I ask you uh Gabrielle you're talking about you know in my board of talking about glucose what about you because you become the protein princess or you know you there's a whole thing around you and muscle and I'm sure that you're thinking about other things as well quite frankly I am I'm gonna go back to take a position and be part-time faculty and study sexual medicine hormones and do research looking actually at the hormonal interface of hormones and muscle mass just part-time I've got two more books to write and then of course the podcast thank you so much for asking but what I do believe that it's important is if you are talking about something that you have to be continuously educated about it and that's what this podcast is all about these transparent conversations and I believe that the next frontier is going to be this idea of sexual medicine and hormonal replacement in a way that is different than it's being discussed now I cannot wait to learn from you and hear everything you're gonna be sharing that's very exciting muscle is just one part of it it's the pinnacle just for you as if glucose is this major piece muscle is a huge piece and protein is a huge piece of that but there are so many other concepts that ride along with muscle-centered medicine and overall health like sexual health like hormonal health and I'm so excited to be able to talk about some of these other things what is next for you I mean you are all over the place and you know what else I'm really what I also really really love so the pictures are great but the fashion is even better girl we'll say that for the online and for the offline chat we'll what's up out but the fashion my friend thank you appreciate it I'm obsessed with fashion I mean I'm trying to you know be the first scientist biochemist who's you know really in the fashion game and I is again just weird parts of my brain coming together and I'm like how can I merge these two how can science and fashion become one and it's my little personal challenge right now so I just launched this YouTube show with sort of in-depth episodes where I cover all these topics and let me tell you every single one of those episodes has a full look that is really awesome from different fashion brands that I've been working with so yeah love the fashion love the fashion and also I'm a Gemini right and so I think I love decided you're of contrast how do you bring two things I have nothing to do together and make a little UFO like a unique little thing that nobody has ever done before and I think that's where a lot of genius lies so if you're listening and you're somebody who has two very distinct interests how could you bring them together because that makes something that is so unique right I love it well Jesse it's so wonderful to have you on the podcast we'll link to all your things and you and I will catch up offline about all things glucose and fashion amazing thank you so much for having me