Welcome to the Doctor Gabrielle Langeau. Today I am honored to sit down with my friend and colleague, Dr. Gerard DeNafrio. He was chief resident at Columbia and Cornell and did a fellowship in Spine and Sports at HSS, which is the hospital for special surgery. He is a physical medicine and rehab doctor and in this episode, are you ready for it? We talk about what you are missing if you only focus on muscle health. How tendons are the key to longevity and the role of hormones in tendon health. We talk about this and so much more as always. I produce this content for free. Please take a moment to share it, subscribe, rate it, like it. You know the drill. And if you are not part of our community, head to my website, Dr. Gabrielle Langeau and join us because remember, we are forever strong together. Dr. Gerard DeNafrio, thank you so much for joining me. I am very excited to have this conversation. You and I have known each other for many years now. You are extraordinary. You are a physiatrist. You are going to explain it to the listener. What that is and I'd love for you to talk about a little bit about what you are doing and how you got here. Fantastic. So thanks for having me on. So, physiatrist is a specialist of physical medicine and rehabilitation. So I did my residency in physical medicine and rehabilitation. And you can think about that as a combination of a few specialties. So it's a bit of neurology, a bit of orthopedics, a bit of internal medicine. We take care of patients along the entire spectrum of disability and ability. So throughout the course of my medical training, I have taken care of patients with stroke, hemiparysis, and hemiplegia, spinal cord injury patients work to fair bit of the VA taken care of our veterans. And then I have also been on the sidelines of professional sports teams as a assistant team physician for the net organization and the Red Bull's organization. So I have seen human movement, disability, dysfunction, pain, these things and a physiatrist is a nonoperative specialist. So we go through a variety of nonoperative ways to help patients with their pain, function, etc. And basically improve quality of life. It's amazing because it actually takes human movement into medicine. Yes. Why? Why did you choose this specialty? And by the way, you know, you're a very fit guy. But it's an unusual specialty, I would say. Yeah. So I started to learn about the specialty, right, as I was thinking about going to medical school. And I prior to medical school was a personal trainer. And so what I used to do is during the summers of college I studied up for my personal training certification. I used to be a personal trainer. I loved every second of it. You get so much experience watching how people move. And you get to see what it looks like when somebody has a dysfunctional movement pattern when they're being loaded correctly. And you really see what happens when you load a system. And that's what this all comes down to. So we're loading somebody's bowel mechanics, either those bowel mechanics are functional and they're going to improve. They're going to put on muscle. They're going to gain speed. They're going to gain functionality. Or you're going to have dysfunction that leads to pain and disability. Whether it be something like back pain or tendon off of these, which we'll speak more about. But as a personal trainer, I wanted to go into a field where exercise was a really important component. So we pride ourselves as societies are just having very close relationships with physical therapists and writing detailed physical therapy prescriptions. So we really are uncovering in the office. What are the bowel mechanical determinants of pain? So let's take for instance, your shoulder hurts. But your shoulder might be more the end product of dysfunctional movement at your shoulder blade. So uncovering with a good physical exam and using things like x-rays, MRIs, CAT scans on the spot ultrasound and of course taking a very thorough history. You could put together what is really the dysfunctional bowel mechanical diagnosis and then at the tissue level, what's occurring? So my residency training and physical medicine rehabilitation preceded my sports medicine training and all of this is led to me having a great appreciation for the Muscle of Skulls System, how it works and we were connected several years ago because I saw that you were talking a great deal about muscle centric medicine and a lot of the endocrine determinants of muscle, the importance of muscle as we age and looking at this holistically. If you were to think about how say a nephrologist goes into their training like chain, neurology. They look at the macro structural approach, they look at the micro functioning approach. So like how does the organ actually look in the body, what is it made of and then what is it do? So I've been you know, voraciously consuming your work and I've read your book and I found a great appreciation and it because it's looking at I'm looking at the Muscle of Skulls little function from locomotion, walking, lifting things, athletic endeavors, throwing, kicking, etc. But we're also I love that you brought to the table into the scientific conversation. What is the actual biochemical aspect of that? Now we're looking at the organ much more from the entire spectrum of what it is. And quite frankly, you and I have again been talking for years, so it's really nice to be able to sit down. I have a conversation of course this is the beginning of Unire working on some projects behind the scenes. You bring in a very important perspective. It is wonderful to think about the health of Skulls, a muscle from a metabolic standpoint. From it's impact on fasting, insulin, fasting glucose, triglycerides, and that's impact on say dementia or cardiovascular disease. The question becomes how do we get to these, what I would consider inflection points. Inflection points of aging or inflection points of disability. I love how you said you look at individuals and take care of them through disability and ability. I really appreciate your perspective on Skulls muscle as its organ system, which is exactly what Fizaya Tree does. But I also think that you have a very unique perspective that brings in very closely the bio-mechanical aspect that I don't think is actually super common in physical medicine rehab. We talk about it as physical medicine or rehab, but your perspective is certainly becoming and you use this tagline in your Instagram and I fragile. Yeah. Which there are a number of topics that I'd love to discuss on this podcast, which included in our limited to the things that limit our ability to progress, like tendon issues. Yes. Like back pain, hip pain, things that ultimately limit the quality of life for individuals and then other things beyond like should we be stretching. But let's start with one of the things that I think that we both seem clinical practice are issues with tendons. Yeah. And why are tendons important? What are they? How do we think about them in a global sense? Sure. So muscle is contractile tissue. Muscle is made of actin mouse and filaments. You have this incredible cross-linking phenomenon that's mediated by our energy molecule ATP. And we contract muscle and ultimately to move bone, but muscle doesn't attach directly to bone. It attaches to bone through tendons. And collagen is our most abundant protein in the body and no surprise, tendons that tendon is attachment from muscle to bone is predominantly made of collagen. So tendons are by definition. They are non contractile tissue. They're almost like if you think about a short bungee. So they exist in a relaxed state called the crimp state. And when you when the muscle contracts it pulls on that tendon takes the slack out and then it winds up attaching to the bone to move the bone. And a tendons have this incredible quality called visco elasticity, which is a cool word. Everyone is going to be quizzed on this later. Yeah, you go. So visco elasticity means that the mechanical behavior of that structure changes the degree of strain that you put on it. So at low strain rates, tendons dissipate energy at high strain rates, they really put down the force. And so you can think about as you're walking, you might be putting a lot of some tension through your Achilles tendon by definition, but you're not putting as much tension through it as you are when you're running and it's like a really tight spring. So the mechanical behavior of it does change. The tendons are sort of an organizational level. You know, muscles have the contractile elements. You have muscle facicles and facicles for those who are listening are bundles of proteins. So you have this structure, you have a larger structure and then you also have within that these composition of these micro structures of facicles and facicles are fascinating thing because they are present in muscle, tendon, and nerve. And the reason for that is because we don't we're not unipliner individuals. We don't just function in one plane. We function in forward and backwards, left and right, and also we rotate. And so muscles and tendons as they're trying to move a bone, they need to have specific elements stressed, not the entire, not the entire system stressed simultaneously, but the fasticles actually allow for tendons to be strained specifically. So you can think about like a picture. So a picture, the job of a rotator cuff, this is a cool point that I really like, the job of a rotator cuff is actually to stabilize the ball on the socket. We think about rotator cuff strengthening exercise. You'll see a lot of people with bands and cables and strengthening of the rotator cuff and it does that. It does rotate the arm. Hence, it's name. But the shoulder is an inherently very mobile joint. It's comprised of four different joints actually. It starts over here and at the sternal curricular joint, you have your AC joint and then you have your true glider, hemorrhol joint and you have the the scapula shoulder blade that rests on the back of the rib cage. So it's a lot of mobility in it, which is why on average unless you're a rockhead, you can raise your arm higher in the air than you can, you're like. Okay, so similar ball and socket joint with the hip, but more stability there. Job of the rotator cuff is to stabilize the head of the the ball and socket joint. It's almost like thinking about like a golf ball on a T. So as you raise your arm into a pitching motion, all of your rotator cuff muscles are active, but different facicles are actually more stress during different phases of that. So that's one of the fascinating elements of this. It's a really cool mechanical adaptive thing that we've evolved to have and we have it in all of those mobile structures of the musculoskeletal system. We haven't muscle, we haven't intended and we also have it in nerves to allow us to be more athletic in multi-planar motion. So it's very cool and in college and itself is most of tendon dryweight is type 1 collagen and then you have lesser components of type 3 type 11, you have other types as well and when a tendon starts to become diseased or overloaded, that can change. It's actually part of the process of developing tendonopathy. Let's talk about tendon, would it be fair to say that you couldn't have a healthy muscle without having a healthy tendon or vice versa? Yes, so it is fair to say and it's fair to say because we have general principles, we use this word homeostasis to describe how everything is regulated. Healthy muscle to exhibit its mechanical effect of moving bone effectively needs a healthy tendon. You can develop your muscle, it's actually muscle will develop more quickly than tendon adaptation occurs. Muscle will develop more quickly than the tendon adaptation and is that why designing a really good training program is essential to avoid injury because essentially the people listening or thinking, well why do we care about tendons? Yes. Nothing will take you out of the game faster than a acelter, then in a killease rupture tendon, hoppy which then becomes chronic, could you have a, I suppose a better question is which goes first? Yeah, so this is something known as the athletic accommodation timeline. So when you start, let's say you're not a runner or I could speak from a position of truth. I'm not a runner. So I need that. Yeah, yeah. So let's say I start running. The first thing that occurs in the first six weeks is I learn how to run better. And basically that's called neuro kinetic response. So starting all the way up in your brain at your motor cortex and going all the way through your nerves as they go through your spinal cord and go through peripheral nerves and into the muscle, you learn how to coordinate your motion. You basically learn how to use your muscles for more efficient motion. So if you were to test my ability to run in the first day, it's not going to be as good. I'm going to be much more gasped. I'm going to go deep into those energy zones. I'm going to really kind of stress to do the activity, but I get better at it with time. Then in muscle tissue, during after the first couple weeks, you start to get cycloplasmic hypertrophy. So your muscle start to bring in some products to help them function. Now the body perceives it seems putting down collagen, putting down protein. From one aspect, we have a substrate driven issue, which I think you've elaborated on the importance of losing the importance of protein intake. Then the other aspect is you need to continue a stimulus to convince your body to say we need to put down some new framework here. So then you start laying down some muscle. By the time your tendons and ligaments start to adapt to the athletic endeavor you're engaging in, you're almost looking at six to nine months. And that is much more of a significant timeline than it would take for a muscle to adapt. And by the way, tendon turnover is very slow. It is. So as opposed to muscles, which have a very rich blood supply and a rich nerve supply, tendons do not have a rich blood supply. They're relatively a vascular compared to muscle. So they're not going to turn over as fast. About 90% of a tendon is more less static. And then you have maybe five to 10 percent that's the variable element that changes with time. So this is the one of the important principles that I think gets missed. We hear about this concept of progressive overload. While you're not just progressive overloading your muscle, you're progressively overloading your tendon, you're progressively overloading your joint capsules, your ligaments, etc. So this is when my sort of harken back on my personal training principles. I say, well, where is the periodization? Where are we dropping back? Where is the deloding? Where is are we working towards a goal into to three months and then are we scaling back and maybe changing and kind of starting back from a point just ahead of where we started before? You can't just progressively overload until you find yourself into injury. And that's something I very commonly find. One of your quotes I'll steal from you is, you can't change what you don't track. And it's and it's too true. And some people are very nuanced. They've know their bodies really well. They've been training for 20 to 30 years. They may not need to track as much. But if you're a beginner or even an intermediate, and you need to think about, I want to train, I have a long-term goal. Well, your short-term goal should be perceived without pain, without dysfunction, and really just knock down the goals that are in front of me as opposed to training until I get an injury and change the training types, for instance, or give it up altogether. And that's so, so important. I see that in my office all the time, I say, I ask, what is your training program, look like? Well, I do, they'll tell me a split. I do back and buy it on Mondays. I do shoulders and tries on Tuesdays. I just want to tell Monday Universal Chester. There you go. I do, yeah, sorry. Yeah, probably chest on Monday. Matt, Matt, only does chest on Monday. Matt, Matt is a good chest. So, lots of pushups. Lots of pushups. And they'll tell me a training split per body part. But what about the global period? Like, what how are we actually looking at the overload of these tissues over two to three months? And what is the expectation? Is the expectation that you're going to progressively overload until you're the world's strongest person? Or are you going to have to scale back? This episode is brought to you by Timeline Nutrition. Uh, might appear. The product that I wish I had developed. But didn't. So, I've teamed up with Timeline Nutrition to bring you one of my ultimate favorite products. And that's my dopure. My dopure is a science backed uralithin A. Youralithin A sounds like a species of something or other. What it is, is a postbiotic. And 30 to 40 percent of you humans cannot make it. Why is it important? It's important because it's one of the first gut muscle access connection. Might appear. Helps the muscle and all mitochondria when you take it. You can take it in pill form. You can take it in powder form. I recommend trying the starter kit. They have ginger and berry. I put some in my yogurt. It's amazing. Here's what it does for you. It will improve your potentially your energy, your strength, your endurance. Again, might appear. Helps with mitochondria. And so name might appear. It helps with the regeneration and cleaning out old mitochondria. And if you remember anything about, I don't know, fifth grade science, mitochondria. They are the powerhouse of the cell. So you have to have good mitochondria to have good energy. And one of the hallmarks of aging is a decline in this mitochondria. So if it sounds like you need more energy, more strength, more endurance, and something that tastes great, might appear as a way to go. Go to timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion. That's timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion. And you'll get 10 percent off your first order. I recommend either the starter pack or the pills. Try it. I know that you're going to feel great back to the episode. When you think about injury, where do you see them? And again, you are a clinician. You are seeing a lot of patients every day. I started my very early, early hour. You know, I'll call you in the morning. We'll have some great idea. And you'll already be there reading. That's right. Very early. What are some of the most common things that you see as it relates to tendon injury? And I really like how you discuss this progressive overload. Is there something that we can do now that potentially can change the way that we move so that we don't have to deal with these injuries that seem to really inhibit our capacity to live. Like you said, sometimes individuals will say, well, I used to do bench resmenal account because I have 10 to sell them. Sure. Sure. And it's not the muscle that the problem is it's the tendon. It is. That's right. You will infrequently, you know, and to some degree frequently depends on what you're seeing, but you will see muscle strains. In muscle strains can be unagrated scale. But the more frequent thing that I see in my practice is tendonopathy. And the most common tendonopathy is I see are broceter cuff tendonopathy. Specifically, one muscle on the roseter cuff named the superspinatus. And the latin terminology means that's above the spine of the scapula. So it's one of the higher ones. And then I'll see a lot of Achilles tendonopathy. A good bit of patellar tendonopathy. Which is neat. Yes, that's right. So and then gluteal tendonopathy. And that's one that really impacts a lot of people over the age of 50. And is very much present when someone's walking. So if you think about the importance of walking as it relates to not just calorie expenditure, quality of life, low commotion, one of the most common things I see is something called greater trochanteric pain syndrome. Otherwise, abbreviate as GTPS. Some people know it by a similar term which is bercitis. Okay, so when somebody has a bercitis and a lot of times you'll get the clinical diagnosis of bercitis, you can get either a traumatic bercitis or a bercitis because you have a adjacent tendon that has a low-grade of inflammation. More commonly, I see the adjacent tendon that has a low-grade of inflammation. Bercis sacs, they exist in the body to allow tissues to glide on each other. So we commonly see the greater trochanteric bercitis, which is in the sides of the hip. That may be a little bit inflamed because the gluteal tendons from the gluteus medius, which is on the side of the hip and the gluteus minimus will be inflamed because they're not connected to a rather, they're connected to a muscle that's not doing its job. Are there movements that we should all be able to do or is this an impairment in our ability to be able to move appropriately? Yeah, so some of it is the basic sports medicine principle of you have a low-bearing tissue, you have exceeded the low-bearing capacity of that tissue and that tissue is now in a state of disrepair. That is the hallmark of tendonopathy. So we're as a tendentare the collagen fibers actually separate. Tendinopathy is characterized by a state of chronic disrepair, like blood cells are in the area. You start to aggregate things like fat molecules, you start to have the collagen type change a little bit and your body actually grows little nerve rootlets into the area to sense pain more readily. Oh, that's not good. That is not good and it's actually what's interesting phenomenon because it is also preserved. This same thing just like fast schools or in other places. This same thing occurs in interfortipodiscs in the back. You have a collagenous structure without a rich blood, you know, you have a nerve supply at baseline, but the more frequently that you injure it, it actually there's good scientific evidence as a gest that there's little nerve roots that will grow into the area and make you experience pain more readily. Basically telling you to stop it, stop shut it down for a while. So I think one of the things that you're asking me about, what could all we all be doing? Take stock of what's bothering you, listen to your body. If you are you're training shoulders and you're doing a set of military presses, but that night you notice that you're waking up in the side of your shoulder is hurting in the middle of the night. That's a sign that one of your tendons is a little bit of pain and might have the beginnings of tendonopathy, re-examine how you're doing a military press, maybe sub that movement out for the time being. Don't ignore those things. There are good pains in their bad pains. Good muscle soreness, I think anybody who trains you know it. You feel good. It's you get the endorphin release here for instance providing a stimulus to the tissue and it's clearing that the byproducts of exercise over a couple days and you feel better. Bad soreness and a tendon you typically have your either compressing the tendon too much during activity. You feel like a snapping sensation when you're going through a military press. When you're walking on those sides your hips hurt a little bit more or you go for a run and you notice that your Achilles tendon actually feels painful to touch and is a little bit bigger. Listen to that, decrease the training volume and then think about always pairing what you're doing in your exertional work with what I call capacity work. So as a framework I always bring to patients. One thing you can learn from studying and working with professional athletes is that they take care of themselves very well. In addition to having fantastic genetics and athletic ability, you know they also take care of themselves in a way that we don't. So we don't for instance spend a lot of time doing what I call restorative work, boring exercises. I so metrics or really taking time and saying all right well I'm not going to train today because or I'm going to train differently today because this structure is inflamed and it's a problem. I'm not just going to take a couple of Advil and see if I can train through it. I'm going to listen to my body and say it needs to heal. I'm not giving it adequate time and I'm going to abortion to percentage of my time to that. I like to use the 8020 principle with us. So 80% of your time exertional work. Go for it. You want to do your cardiovascular work. You want to do your strength training, your power training, whatever it might be. Somewhere around 20%, you should think about the injuries you've had in the past. You should think about the stuff you're dealing with in the present and you should be building capacities in those tissues. If you have to work with a physical therapist to learn how to do that appropriately, that's fine. But you also there's a lot of great content online about how to how to restore normal mobility and joints, how to strengthen up your tendons. So that's something I readily engage in and I encourage my patients to readily engage in as well. Certain amount of your time, increasing your capacity, to then go exert yourself. Don't have the entirety of your program just be exerting yourself because the sum total of your human movement is not just the gym. It's life. It's the degree to which you are sitting. It's the physical and psychological stressors that you're putting on your body throughout the course of the day. It's your ability to sleep well and repair well and get enough protein in and get adequate nutrient intake. We think about it in terms of the gym because for a lot of us, the gym becomes our sport and it becomes something that we really look forward to. We kind of rise and fall on our our performance within it and it can hurt a lot to think about, well, I can't engage my workout. They work my workouts my release. I need my workout. I need my workouts my foundation for my day. But spend some time doing the hard stuff in the background and you'll be rewarded for it. Don't wait until you get a really bad injury until you learn how to learn how to rehabilitate them. And then just it, because I think that as you age it becomes more challenging to recover. I was looking at some of the research on tendons and thinking about how can I relate this to something that I know about, which is skeletal muscle. Sure. That when you are very active and you are young, you're improving you satellite cells, you're able to prime the body to be able to put on muscle later on in life. The literature that I was reading about on tendons was that the activity in youth is really critical for the thickening and the ability for these tendons to form. I don't want to say in a meaningful way, but in a way that will withstand a lifetime of activity. Which I want to ask you about what do we know about training up tendons in youth? And then is there a natural decline with skeletal muscle? There is somewhat of a natural decline to skeletal muscle because of increasing animal existence. Again, there is some controversy in this space, whether it's because of an activity or a natural process of aging. But where if we were to think about a concept that we know a lot about, which is skeletal muscle, maybe the listeners know more than I do about tendons, which is why I want to have you on so that you can teach us all about tendons and injury and approaches to training. But what is the progression from tendons from youth to aging? Yeah. So in your teens and your twenties, you build up the college and content of your tendons. You build up the area. So we talked about cross-sectional area, which is basically the thickness of the tendons. And with time, you do have a little bit of resistance to modifications in your tendons. So we find that in the aging athletes, you tend to develop this low grade tendonopathy or tendonopathy like features where you have your aggregating these other cell products, like the fat content or calcium content, and it also tendons lose some of their stiffness and we want tendons to be stiff. You do. So tendons are supposed to be stiff by design. You want a good spring to be mechanically efficient. You want a good spring to be mechanically efficient. They think about running, bounding, hopping, etc. You want your muscle contraction to be highly efficient and go towards bone. There's this really interesting principle called Young's Modulus. Young's Modulus is basically the calculation based upon the stress strain curve of a tendon. So your Young's Modulus should increase with training, which basically is the efficiency of the tendon to do work. And the some resistance to injury. Every tendon in theory could be injured at its maximum. Just like a muscle could be. You go try to pick up a car or your bicep, my tear. Yeah, I could totally do it. There's some days I think I can do it too. But the tendon does appear to have a decrease in that Young's Modulus. A decrease in the ability of its mechanical efficiency as we age. You also will see some degree of decreased cross-sectional area of tendons. And you'll also know some decreased collagen content as we age. But these are all modifiable, but to the same extent as muscle less modifiable. So building up good tendon tissue does not mean you want the largest tendon. You want the mechanically most structured tendon. And what this is important note. Larger doesn't always mean better. Because it tendonopathy is actually characterized by larger tendons. They aggregate water. They aggregate these things called proteoglycans. So the tendon does get bigger. We want the same way some elite power lifters aren't necessarily the most muscle-ed individuals. But there's some of the strongest individuals. You have to think about how are they the strongest individuals. They're the strongest individuals because they're mechanically very efficient. They know how to move neuro-kinetically. They know how to position their bodies. They do have muscle strength. But they don't necessarily have the largest muscles. A bodybuilder will have larger muscles on average than a power lifter. In the case of tendons, the collagen, you know, we hear about DNA as a double helix. And it's a very fascinating thing to learn about collagen as a triple helix. So you actually have these cross-slenching of molecules in the collagen. And that allows the collagen fibrils with the intended to link more effectively, to move more effectively. So a lot of times we see whether it's with weight training, cardiovascular training, like running, or even like a a plyometric protocol, you'll see that people get the young's modulus changed before they increase if ever cross-sectional area. Men have larger tendons than women on average. But that doesn't necessarily mean that the tendon is always stronger just because it's larger. Larger structure is only as good as the microstructure within it. And the microstructure is more measured by young's modulus. So when we look at the studies that examine loading up the lower limb tendons, the patella attendant, the Achilles tendons, the glutes. What we see is that that young's modulus changes, and that does appear to change a little bit with age. So building that up while you're in the prime years is perhaps beneficial and then staying with it. Do we know the mechanism of action as why there is a decline? I don't know the body of literature when it comes to tendons and tendonopathy. You know when I think about muscle we know that there is motor, de-innovation, there's a decrease in the quality of the satellites. Do we know why tendons decline? So one thing is from a metabolic aspect, they do change a little bit. So they actually tendons are minimally aerobic tissues. They don't really go through the they don't really use oxidative phosphorylation as it means by their largely anaerobic. But they have some aerobic up at metabolism and it's actually a hallmarked of the degree to which your tendon is conditioned that it can actually engage in aerobic respiration. That's pretty fascinating, isn't it? It is. I think because it's such an on-off mechanism. Meaning you're either engaging the tendon or your neck. Exactly. You're either crimped or on tension. You can kind of get away with an anaerobic response. Is it a metabolically active tissue? Less active than muscle. Highly less active than the muscle. But the metabolism will change and your blood flow may change as you age as well. High poxia or the absence of oxygen is considered to be a driving factor behind tendon degeneration. That's interesting because it's mostly a vascular. Yes. So it doesn't have a good blood supply to begin with. Yes. So minor alterations as we age either to do to the sedentary nature or just the fact that we're not moving well or whatever else it is or just time. The other thing is we accumulate micro tears. And a lot of micro tears don't heal. It's a high rate of chronic tears and say like a rotator cuff or another other is of the body. Then may not heal and you may not need them to heal to me. They may not progress to be a surgical issue. But that will weaken the tendon. When the nothing in the body is as strong as when you originally made it. So if you have a collage and a structure, it's relatively a vascular. You're going to try to put down a scar tissue within it. It's almost never going to be as strong as when you first started it. The other tendon fireballs may take that load. They may be able to do 99% of what they did before. But it's tough to say that the magnitude, effect of the tendon and its best will ever be the same. So the metabolism changes and you also see cell synescence or some cells just dying off. And we see that in a lot of tissues. So there's an element of tissue hypoxia. There's a little bit of a change in tissue metabolism. The collage and cross linking perhaps is not as efficient and so your young's module is goes down. And then we also see that some of these cells just die off with time. And so it gets harder. There's I think if you can maintain it, it's part very good. It's tough because there's always the the abstract element of this, where examining literature that takes a point in time and typically these studies are over months. It's tough to say what would happen if you informed a population of this when they were younger and they engaged in certain exercises could they in theory maintain a lot of this the same way that theory we can maintain a lot of our muscle. Okay, you got to listen to this and please don't turn off this ad because I got to tell you about cozy earth resort towels. How many showers do you think that I've taken today? Like 27, that's how good these towels are and no, I didn't really take 27 showers. But I got the cozy earth resort towels and I feel like I don't even have to go to the resort because these towels are so soft. You know when you go to the end get these beach towels they're usually scratchy and they're big. These are plush resort slash beach towels and we are entering summer. They're amazing. I got the it's kind of like a rust and white beautiful beautiful towels so soft and of course cozy earth makes bed sheets that I wear or bed sheets. I don't wear my bed sheets. I probably should. They make bed sheets. They also make PJs loungewear. This stuff is temperature regulating. It is so soft. It's so luxurious and my listeners or viewers get 35% off. That's right. Very generous. 35% off your order go to cozy earth.com slash doctor lion and I'm telling you if you're looking for a gift grab these resort towels. Amazing. Back to the show. Are there activities that individuals should be doing? You had mentioned plyometrics, running, skipping, bounding. Will those things that maybe children naturally engage in help develop the health of the tenant and that we should probably continue to do. Whether it's should we continue to sprint? Should we make sure that we have bounding in our program? Yeah. I think everybody should be training type two muscle fibers and so you need to be getting some degree of explosive work. I think the biggest phase change that we see when we look at a program for somebody and we try to see how they could be, for instance, we're seeing that they're overloading their hotel or tenant. So the tenant that connects the kneecap to the shin bone and helps basically act as a mechanical lever for the quadriceps muscles. Maybe they're overloading the sagittal plane a little bit too much. So explain to us what that is. So sagittal is back and forth. A squat is a sagittal plane movement. To some degree, a barbell squat, you're doing some degree of frontal plane. So that's left versus right stabilization and you're also not rotating with the bar in your back. So that would be a classic sagittal plane movement. The bench presses a sagittal plane movement. But as we age, it does appear that we just generally spend less time rotating and running and cutting and doing the things that we did as kids. So when we try to go back to those activities, that's when you'll hear about an acute Achilles tendon rupture and some 30 to 50-year-old male who's doing a backyard football game for the first time in a while. So you'll hear about it and they'll pop their calf muscle and that's an Achilles tendon rupture. So I like to look at globally in a program how much time are you spending in the three planes? Are you rotating? Are you rotating under load? Are you stable as a good example of a stabilization exercise in the frontal plane would be like a suitcase carry? I'm trying to carry a kettlebell up my side. I'm going to go forwards and backwards and I'm going to make sure that my body doesn't lean either way. By engaging in sagittal and transverse movements, you engage different muscles than you do with sagittal I'm sorry, transverse and frontal plane movements. You engage different muscles than you do with sagittal plane movements. A lot of the machines in the gym will keep you in the sagittal plane. And so this is something that I advise people to get off of machines. Get used to doing lunges, get used to doing rotational work and really challenge your body. There's some degree of I think a very good scientific debate about what exercise is best for tendons. I would love to now and I want to know if blood flow restriction has any influence on tendons. Yeah, it's a good question. With regards to the types of exercise, we look at predominantly the prevention aspect and from the treatment aspect. From the prevention aspect, there's nothing to say that we can justifiably tack down something to the wall and say you should only do isometric or eccentric or concentrics. It's tough to say that. It's a little bit of conjecture and a literature about that. But what's interesting is there was a very good study that looked at the rates of lower limb tendon opportunities and soldiers in Israel. And basically looked at a prevention program and then used an ultrasound to take a look at the tendon health of the lower limb tendons and whether or not those tendons were aggregating those those products that are homeworks of tendon up at the. And what they found was contrasting what you might think was like an Achilles prevention program. There were almost no calf raises in the protocol. The entire protocol was hip and knee. And it was all stabilization of the core rotational movement, hip airplanes, stuff like that. So this is another concept that I very commonly bring up with patients which is smoke versus fire. Are your symptoms representation of that tissue being at its end? It's overloaded. But is the real problem mechanical element that's missing from your program or missing from your life? So in that particular study, when they looked at prevention, they did find that it was helpful when they underwent this prevention protocol, which is largely comprised of hip stabilization exercises. The entire kinetic chain is linked. We cannot divorce one element from the other. Your body has to achieve motion. It has to get motion range of motion from some element. Okay, so let's say you go, bend down to go get something you're doing a squat. There's so many moving parts within that from your ankle to your knee to the intrinsic muscles of the foot and the bones and the foot to your hips to your low back and to your thorax, etc. So you're going to get mobility from somewhere. So as the answer to the question, how can we actually prevent some of these things from happening, it's can we identify your mechanical weak point to head of time? From a rehabilitative aspect, we use isometrics commonly as the starting point in a tendonopathy rehab protocol. So would you explain what would be an example of yeah. And isometric exercise is one where you're contracting a muscle but you're not moving the limb. So if I were to be rehabbing a biceps, it would be just holding a dumbbell at my side. Right? A concentric would be bringing the dumbbell up to my shoulder and eccentric force is when we're actively mitigating the lengthening of the muscle and those tend to be the hardest. Right? So that's when we're lowering down a weight slowly. So it was a scientist by the name of Alfred Sin who came up with something called the Ophardson Protocol and since then we've been really focusing on e-centrics as the sort of the go-to, that's how we're trying to get by a week six of a PT protocol for somebody's achilles. And we've broadly adopted that for other tendons as well. And good comparative study came out a couple of years ago that looked at heavy slow resistance training versus e-centric training specifically and found that heavy slow resistance training was non-inferior to e-centric base training. So basically the time under tension with deliberate motion meant to restore the capacity in the tendon is as beneficial as doing, you know, heel drops off of a stair for for instance for a kill is tendonopathy. For blood flow restriction I can't say specifically whether or not it's beneficial the thought of Hyperemia so Hyperemia is the process of getting more blood into a tissue. And we do use therapeutic ultrasound to heat up tendons and we use shockwave to heat up to basically break up microstructures in attendant to treat it when we put PiroP, we're putting blood products in an area. Right? So the the thought of getting blood into this relatively a vascoestructure is one that makes a lot of sense. How effective is that? Which one is specifically? Any any modality that utilizes because the structure is a largely a vascular structure so now you're introducing something that potentially it's not exposed to routinely or with the amount of whatever you're going to use. Yeah. PiroP or however you're going to use any of these modalities, how effective in treating a tendonopathy is it and and tendonopathy would be something that would cause pain over time. And limit the capacity, you know, from a very practical aspect the reason we are really focused on tendonopathy is because those seem to injure before a muscular injury happens. That's right. It's the common denominator that limits the quality of life. I think it's a huge limiting factor in training programs and progression and I think it's one of the first things we see when somebody starts weight training and we start to see these things arise. So we'll go through a couple treatments. Amazing. All right. So we have this relatively vascoestructure. It's in a state of disrepair. Let's think about what that means. So the actual structural components are not as strong as they were. And you can think about this like you have a house that is not perhaps built as well as it could be. You have a leak whatever else it might be. Well, first thing we're going to do is we're going to bring it to GC and so that's your general contractor and you're like what's it GC? Oh yeah. Yeah. So we're going to you have Tina sites. So same thing in muscle, you have her myocytes and you also have your osteocytes in bone. You have these cells that basically look at the tendon homeostasis and they help direct traffic. And Tina site is a standard. It's called a modified fiberglass cell. So it helps to lay down college and it also helps to direct traffic. The Tina sites will sense that something's wrong and they'll bring in other cellular products. One of which is that you will start to grow little blood vessels in the area. So part of 10-0 is actually when we put color power Doppler on ultrasound and we look at a tendon, we'll see stuff light up that was previously that is a good telltale, one side versus the other. Do you have Hyper-EME in a tissue? That's already assigned that things are going in the wrong direction. Well now we say well now you've aggregated this scar tissue, you've aggregated these other things that are there. They're not that helpful. Well we might have to bring an excavator. And the excavator is we have a couple different treatments for excavation. One of our treatments is called PNT. So percutaneous needle to notomy, which is when under an ultrasound will actually pass a needle through the tendon several times. Is that where a dry needle in came from? It's very similar to dry. It's where this came first and then dry needle and was adopted. Yes. So dry needleing depending on your discipline, dry needleing is something that could be performed by a physical therapist. For myself, I do these under ultrasound and visualize the portion of the tendon that's the nitylpathic. Which I just want to highlight that that takes a ton of skill. Ultra-sounds are not easy to use. And quite frankly I believe that that's how it should be done because then you actually can see where the injury is. Yeah. What tissue you're putting it in? You're not doing it blinded. You are being able to visualize. It's important to visualize. It's also going to tell you whether or not there's a tear there. You don't want to needle a tear. So a tear is a different concept. A tear is a separation. So we don't want to excavate or in that area. It's not helpful. So the thought of passing a needle through a tendon several times will actually help induce take this state of chronic disrepair and convert it to the acute inflammatory phase again and basically help to cycle out some of that stuff. So that could be done through PNT. It could also be done through something called a 10x procedure which helps to remove scar tissue remove calcium that's built up in tendons. The advent of PRP and YPRP is so interesting. So PRP is a distillation of blood products. So we spin down your peripheral blood. It's still majority red blood cells but PRP means platelet rich plasma. And there are two subtypes of platelet rich plasma. The exact concentrations of which do differ in the literature based slightly depending on the study you're looking at. So you have leukocytes rich so white blood cell rich platelet rich plasma and leukocyte poor platelet rich plasma. If I were treating a joint, I would use leukocytes poor. I don't need white blood cells and a joint necessarily. But when I'm when I have this chronic state of disrepair, I need a whole construction crew. I need my white blood cells. So I'll use leukocytes rich preparations. And I typically perform it with a tonotomy too. To actually put some areas into the tendon where I can distribute that PRP. Now PRP has several growth factors, one of which is put the derived growth factor. And this helps to basically stimulate the teenocytes and another type of cell that resides in tendons called TSC's tendon stem slash progenitor cells. So you do have a repository of stem cells within your tendons. It's just a question of mobilizing them. So conceptually, we thought, well, PRP makes a lot of sense. Depending on the tendon and depending on the literature that you're examining, it can be very effective. On a hold, I would say it's probably a 50-50 proposition depending on the crinacity of your tendon problem as well as whether or not you have a tear can confidently and where that tear is. Not all tears are made equal. The tendon itself, right? So you have the muscle coming towards the tendon. You have a mild tendonist junction, which basically looks like a finger where the tendon is interlocking with the muscle. And some tears do occur there and those can be quite tough to treat. But then you also have something called the emphasis, which is where the tendon attaches to the bone. And so those are the most common ones we are treating. Now you can have a tear at any portion in that tendon. So they all have different prognoses. If you have a tendon on the bottom right by the bone, that's a different prognosis than the one up by the top by the burso. So we try to extrapolate from the natural history of this. What's the percentage chance that's going to heal? Where is it? How big is it? How impactful is it to the amount of strength you can produce in the relevant muscle? How imparit is it? And then would we consider is this a large enough tear that should go to surgery? Is this something that we should try PRAP in? Important for people to know. If you do suffer a tendon tear, there are different types from a perspective of if we're just looking at a large tendon. You can get what's called a full thickness tear, which is when it's like as if somebody punched a hole in a paper, go straight through from top to bottom. And you usually know when you do those. Yes. That is. I have had quite a few injuries and you know when that happens. It's not like a tendon off of the. You don't necessarily, you know, might be a little irritation and then you go back to the thing and then you irritate a little bit more. That's right. But when you get a full thickness tear, that is an acute injury that will take you to your knees or whatever. Yeah. So the full thickness is the pot hole and then there's something called a company. So we say full thickness and complete or full thickness complete. In complete would just be a sheet of paper and I punch a whole bunch of hole with the whole bunch. Complete means I literally take a pair of scissors and I cut the paper in half. If you have a complete tear, now the tendon is no longer attached to the muscle. That is a surgical problem. Okay. That is not something that's likely to heal by itself. That would be, for example, like a tricep tendon tear or a bicep rupture. Yeah. So and depending on how important the bicep. So for instance, the bicep is interesting because the bicep is almost like a fifth rotator cuff muscle. There are people walking around with bicep tendon tears without significant, you know, without significant symptoms. But if you have a complete full thickness tear, what will occur in time is because the muscles not seeing any tension, the body depirurizes it and it will and if it atrophies to date, I'm not aware of any way to stop that or reverse it. So those are the circumstances. You know, like I brought up that example of the 30-year-old guy who pops his Achilles playing back card football. He's that's the most common age population to get Achilles tendon tear ruptures. But if that occurs and that tendon is not reattached or it's not a proximate and you're putting a boot and something like that, then for seeably you'll atrophy your gastrochineur solace and that's going to be really tough functionally to go through. So essentially don't delay. I think a lot of the patients that I have and many people listening, they don't want to stop their activity. They'll injure themselves and they don't want to stop. I don't want to hit a bicep repair. I can still be just as strong but if you're going to do the intervention that requires surgery, one should do it swiftly. Yeah, you should be evaluated swiftly and you don't want to see on MRI or on ultrasound. You don't want to see those atrophic changes occur. That's a sign that your that muscle is not going to be as functional as it originally was and therefore your prognosis is in this good. I want to thank one of the sponsors of the show and that is Mudwater. Did your mom ever tell you not to drink dirty water? Well she may have been wrong because mudwater is amazing and actually it's not dirty water but it is brown and let me tell you about this. It is chai tasting a little bit of caffeine. It has mushrooms in it. It's what we would think of as a functional type of drink and I got to tell you it really helps me when I want a little bit of caffeine and not a lot of the jitters. This is amazing and what I do is I put a little bit of hydration packs. I use element hydration chocolate. Mix it a little together and well a lot together. I forauthored together which by the way you can get your own brother. They will send you one and twenty dollars off when you order yours. Mudwater has a little bit of chai, cardamom. Might even have a little cacao type flavor which it does and if you are looking for what we we consider a adult hot chocolate this is the way to go and it does a lot of good for your body without a lot of the jitters. Go to mudwater.com slash doctor lion that's mudwater.com slash doctor lion for twenty dollars off and a free brother. Why do you think that we see you know again you see patients often and it'll be daily either shoulder a near hip. Do you believe that it's because of patterning why are those the common injuries? Yeah in the shoulder I think it's because we have mechanical compression underneath the bones of the shoulder and that's known as a symptom that's called subacromion pinchment. So basically you're moving your shoulder around and the tendon gets caught underneath a bone and that's you can sometimes hear a snapping sensation when you do something like a military press. For patella it's because a lot of times patella tend the naipathy is part of a greater clinical concept known as patella femoral pains syndrome. Which by the way is most often associated with weakness of the gluteal muscles. So the knee is overloaded trying to do too much work and the glutes are not adequately supporting the knee in the hip. So the posterior chain is actually affecting the anterior chain. Yes and posterior a lot of a little specifically. So hallmark of patella tendinopathy patella femoral pains syndrome. We commonly will look at strength and up the gluteal media on the side of the hip and then the really the whole go there is can you get back to walking and running with stabilization at the hips. So there is not so much pain at the knee. Once again smoke versus fire. Your knee hurts you do have a tendonopathy but mechanically speaking there's an insufficiency of some muscles that are higher up in the kinetic chain. That's it just seems really challenging as we think about long term projection of people's lives to figure out that you know I have a weak glute lead and you have I don't know just pick a different muscle. Sure. Are there things that individuals should all be doing? Should we you know we wake up? We brush our teeth. We brush our hair. Should we be getting up and doing glute activation? I don't know eyes, teeth and eyes for our shoulder are there things that that we could embark upon now to very specifically prevent a mechanical injury from a tendon that we don't even know that we have. It's a great question and trying to distill what makes a lot of sense. I will give home exercise programs to patients almost that exact effect. They come in with a back injury but I say when I was an awful time good to start rehabilitating and prehaving. It's pre-having. It's absolutely real thing. It's tough because prevention is difficult to study. It's more really a point. It's very very difficult to study. I'm recommending this because conceptually makes sense not because I have a study to point to that doing you know sideline hip abduction exercises help stave off the onset of something. So what I see for the shoulder a lot of times the mechanical dysfunction is at the shoulder blade and how it's moving. Either it's elevating too much it's not appropriately what's called protracting and a really good test to see how your shoulder blades working is to do a push up with a plus. So at the top of your push up you push out the ground a little bit more. If you're trying to achieve that motion by rounding your thoracic spine you can't appropriately actually work through the back part of your ribcage and your shoulder blade to get to work well. So push up with a push that like for the hips a single leg stance squat. So with that be a pistol squat. So actually I prefer this like skater to skater variety. So your your your your I know exactly. Trail leg is behind you. So I like to see single legs stability and single legs stability is a great determinant of how you are actually going to progress to your gate cycle. So a lot of people this is a really good thing and I'll show off my P.M. in our residency here. So and is this standard so do all I do all physical medicine and rehab physicians need to learn biomechanics. Yeah it's a huge element of our training. It is a part of your training. And I'll tell you why because you unless you understand normal biomechanics through the gate cycle you can't rehabilitate somebody with a stroke. Once they're hemipratic once they have a foot drop it's really tough. So you have to know the normal mechanical determinants of gate to understand the dysfunctional element of it. So I like to see how you know with regards to the gate cycle 60% of your time is in stance phase 40% of your time is in swing phase there's a 20% portion that's called double support where both legs are simultaneously on the ground. So your glute meat is actually active to stabilize your pelvis. So if you see somebody with a lot of hip movement while they're walking you don't want to have a 100% stiffness but you want to have stability. If you have a lot of hip movement when you're walking it's oftentimes in indicate what's not as hot and not stable as it could be. There's not enough muscular attention to support the core. The center of mass in the body is in the pelvis. So I always encourage young athletes. I'm like if you have to focus on a couple things it would be very stable through your pelvis. You can't shoot a cannon from a canoe. So you need stability in the pelvis to put force down to the legs. All athletes regardless of what you're doing made in the legs. So all athletes are made in the legs. Yes. And I believe that very strongly great pitchers have of good set of legs. They know how to really drive off even look at Mike Tyson right one of the great knockout artists that has ever existed in the heavyweight division. He had monstrous legs right. It was a huge home that why he was able to compete with people six inches to our them. So I believe it's a good stable core that can rotate under load. Good strong glutes and knowing how to keep your spine stable is really important. So good neutral spine throughout the range of motion. And then when you're walking yeah you're going to be you do swing the thoracic spine and rotation a little bit while you're swinging your arms but you want your body to be stable. You want to be able to walk slow and you want to be able to sprint fast. And if you could do both of those you kind of check in with yourself. If you can't walk slowly without feeling like you're off balance something's a little bit off. Do you think that everybody should continue to sprint or not release that ability? I would love for everybody to sprint. I think sprinting is fantastic. It's also a great check in to see where you're at. But if you are doing it you need to be very careful with load management because if you haven't done it in a while and you go back to it it could be a major risk factor for our kill is 10 to the and to be clear well actually I evolves my hamstring doing a long stride sprint. Would you recommend you know people listening to this or thinking because we're going to cover zone two cardio and training because you and I really see eye to eye. Excuse me. Sure. About how there's a lot of discussion about zone two and how that's going to be so effective in cardiovascular health there's a lot of other ways to train. But this idea of picking up where you left off may not be the best things. If you are at home listening to this moving fast is important because you lose speed and you lose power. But perhaps not picking back up if you haven't sprinted or you haven't done a lot of these motions like the guys that you're talking about between 30 and 50 jumping on the basketball court you probably have to build up to that. Is that fair to say? It's absolutely fair to say. Can we talk a little bit about well I mean let's tie up the rest of 10 and opathy because I'm curious about some risk factors which in my mind would include medication. Yeah. Common medications that may affect tendon health. Yes. The first one that comes to my floor of quenalones. So that's like Ciprofloxicin, Levelfloxicin that's a whole class of medications. Those are antibiotics. Floor quenalones are very strongly linked with tendon problems and tendon rupture. We believe that this impacts tendon metabolism and integrity to some degree. So those are of concern. You know there's some I think very good discussion around statins and tendons specifically. So whether or not they're beneficial. So if you have somebody who has hyper cholesterol in your mouth they can actually deposit. I know you know this but Zanthomas in their tendons. So fatty deposits in the tendons. So in that case a statin might actually decrease the size of their tendon and improve the tendon health. But if they have... If they had the... For meelial hyper cholesterol in your mouth. That's right. But not if they just have high cholesterol. It's tough to say. Okay. Stuff to say. Because hyper cholesterol in your diabetes gout. These are a gout and slash hyper urecemia are all risk factors for tendonopathy and smoking. So if you look at the metabolic syndrome spectrum, obesity is also a risk factor. All of these things impair tissue healing anywhere in the body. So in this in a structure that does not have a great blood supply that's constantly under load it's very much magnified. That's an interesting concept. I haven't quite thought about again because I'm so fixated on muscle. If someone is obese or struggling with any kind of metabolic dysfunction, that would affect tendons in general. Diabetes patients will reoblate more slowly than non-diabetic patients. And partly because tissue healing is slower. So as an excellent textbook that I came across that actually looks at all the metabolic influences on tendonopathy and chapter by chapter goes through it. And one of the aspects of it was just think about it like it's another structure in the body. Heels more slowly. Bone fractures heal more slowly. Microwave, tartar, sure, and bone is more slow. It's one of those things where it's reasonable to make a leap from one concept to another. If tissue healing in tissue repair is is not as quick as it could be or as as comprehensive as it could be in one tissue, there's no reason to suggest that it's going to be better than rather. So floor quinnalones. Yes. Can cause a risk of tendonopathy. Yes. Which it's really important that physicians educate their patients. Don't go sprinting. Don't go running when you're on these stattens. Stattens may have a positive effect depending on the person. Yes. Anything else that is known to affect tendons? Quarticle storage. So corticosterids, if I had a great great attending while some residency, he said, if you if you just draw a body diagram, you can find a place that corticosterids in fact every part of it. And it's the truth. You can get hair loss, they can get your skin changes color and texture and no surprise it doesn't pair tissue healing. Now the question becomes a very good question because it is part of my practice to provide corticosterids. And also it's important to point out it's standard of care. It is. It is. And so the question becomes why are we doing what we're doing? And so in the circumstances of somebody has a tendonopathy and they're getting a corticosterid injection. That injection should be guided. It should be into the ingestion versa. You don't want to put corticosterid into a tendon. That's not going to help anybody. But if you're putting in the ingestion versa, there's theory that perhaps you're going to unness the ties and kind of decrease the pain signals coming from those little nerve inlets that have actually grown into the into the tendon themselves. And if I get you some short term pain relief for three months, which is on average, what we we counsel people for corticosterids, if you can short term pain relief and you could do the PT and your mechanics are improved, are you in a better landing spot than if I didn't do it. And that's the conversation I have with everybody around a corticosterid. Now oral corticosterids are prescribed for a variety of conditions. We're much a logic conditions. And we're talking about a prednisone, a metal dust pack. That's exactly right. I even used them to some extent when we're treating low back pain patients over really bad low back pain bout and they have a flare and we can't get them in for like an injection epidural. And we can't get them through PT because they're in such a bad spot. We'll use a medrotoes pack. Now medroal itself is going to be absorbed by the body. The body, your body does not know exactly where to disperse this medication. It's going to be absorbed. It's going to impact hormone production. It's going to suppress natural production of things like testosterone and sex hormones. It's going to feed back on the pituitary and the hypothalamus and the whole chain and the adrenals. But at the tendon level, it can actually impact the urability to repair. And so if you're if you're susceptible and you have a predating injury and you go through medrodoes pack and you go exert yourself, there is a potential that you can injure yourself. Now, once again, risk benefit ratio and everything we do, I've used this phrase with you once before and I'll use it again, there is no free lunch and biology. So it's true. It's true. So everything we do has side effects. Everything we do has a potential downside. Everything needs to be weighed for the person in front of you. So in the risk benefit analysis that you're saying somebody has a tendonopathy, it's been recalcitrant to PT. You've tried to do some stuff. They have nighttime pain. Well, now the nighttime pain is impacting the rest of their body because they can't sleep well. Is pain worth a night? Depending on the tissue. So let's say, so if you have a shoulder, a bercitis as a consequence of a tendon problem in your shoulder, nighttime pain is a hallmark of it. So. And is it because cortisol is lower? Why is that happened? Mechanical compression. So when you stop moving tissues that are relatively inflamed, they will touch other structures around them and sensitize them. And then specifically, if you're like a stomach sleeper and you put your arm up to the side around your pillow, you might feel like your your delt wakes up really sore. And that's because you're compressing a tendon. Tendons like load. They don't like compression. Tendons like load. They don't like compression. That's right. So same thing. We're learning a lot of really good one-liners. Really, really great. There's a same thing. Somebody has a gluteal tendon off the other side of the hip lying on that side would be very painful at nighttime. Extended compression on a tissue that's irritated, you're going to know about it. Somebody has an Achilles tendon problem. Shoefits not correct or they they tried to say they were in the first time in cleats for a while that they weren't in cleats before. You might inflame that area. Any other medications that can be harmful? There's perhaps more as well. Those are the big ones. I think more about the in some circumstances, some of the hormone replacement that's helpful. I was going to ask you. I was going to ask you on the flip side of this, are there potentially oral agents or injectual agents that could be beneficial for tendon health? Broadly speaking, from a nutrition aspect or like a nutraceutical aspect, what we can take. Hydralized collagen has been proven to be a little bit helpful in studies. No surprise there has been I'm sure Lucy has been on this podcast before. No, never heard of it. Yeah, right. So, Lucy is actually a component of a proteoglycan around tendons called decoran and it can help lubricate tendons. It's also once again a concept that makes sense. If it's good for muscle, it's probably good for tendon. So, in these sort of good for muscle, it's probably good for tendon. I love this because we have really left tendon out of the conversation. We're back to your neck of the woods and muscle. But the interesting thing is we know that you need to some degree. It's a substrate driven issue. You do need adequate protein intake. It is a collagen structure. Whether you absolutely need collagen because your collagen is going to be broken down your stomach and drop back is a better question to ask. So, it has been proven to be someone helpful. Omega 3 intake has been associated with decrease in tendonopathy. And is that because of its impact? I was think, okay, well, what would the mechanism of action would that be an inflammatory perspective? I think it's the low-grade anti-inflammatory aspect of the resolve in pathway. So, I think that that's it. Now, for that reason, it's important to point out a hallmark of tendonopathy is expression of prostate gland and E2. And so, if people don't know E2 is something that is present in acute inflammatory processes, it's why a lot of anti-inflammatory medications work. So, Omega is act on the same aspect without a lot of the potential downsides. So, I will counsel patients to take Omega 3 supplementation, DHA and EPA are superior. So, I will counsel them to do that as well. Now, with other aspects, protein intake, loosened intake, vitamin C is a co-factor and collagen synthesis. So, vitamin C makes a lot of sense. Vitamin are their doses that we know of? You know, I'd have to get back to you with the exact dosing. I just know that it's dietary intake of vitamin C is associated with improved tendon healing. And if you heard of, I don't know if you ever use these in clinic, but SPMs, the specialized pro-resolve in mediators, orally? I've not used them. What is, um? Yeah, I am not so sure on the data bed. We've used them, some of my colleagues have used them a lot with operators. Okay. But, you and I will have to look at some of the actual data, but I am curious. Yeah. And vitamin D can be helpful as well. So, vitamin D has been proven to be helpful and tendonopathy as well. It can help decrease some of the pain. Vitamin D, vitamin C, and vitamin D deficient rats have decreased rotator cuff healing after injury. So, it's interesting to think about loosened glycine and lysine are the amino acids that are most helpful. But having a good amino acid rich diet with good amino acid profiles, probably best. From a hormonal aspect, hormones are really interesting here because I think when we were speaking about this, you had mentioned that when you were, that can train you, it came across some patients in one of the first signs of some of their hypothyroidism was actually the acute development of tendonopathy, which is fascinating. Yes. Thyroid hormones basically T3 and T4 play a role of stopping apoptosis or program cell death in tendons, in tino sites. So, in your general contractors that are overseeing work on your tendon. So, if you have insufficient thyroid hormone, stimulate thyroid hormone circulating, that's perhaps a major risk factor. Another thing that's a potential major risk factor is T4 actually mediates collagen metabolism. So, you need enough circulating. The sex hormones are often interesting too. So, estrogen is the interplay of female sex hormones and what these deeply cladges, structures like tendon and ligaments is the subject of fascination for a whole body of literature. So, I don't want to do the major service by speaking about it very quickly. But there's been a good degree of insight into phases of the ovulatory cycle and risk of injury and adolescent females who are in the developing stage there and engaging in sport that perhaps you could have a two to six times increased risk of ACL injury during specific phases. And then we know in the postmenopausal population that tendonopathy is tend to develop. So, the absence of estrogen appears to be a problem. Same thing goes for testosterone. Now, testosterone, there is a clear in that same postmenopausal population that testosterone is going to decrease as well. So, testosterone appears to be beneficial for tendon where the conversation gets very interesting is are the testosterone analogs, are the synthetic analogs detrimental. And one of really good questions so basically what he's saying is the use of certain anabolic steroids going to injure tendons. I think it's a really good question. And the answer is they appear to be clearly do the use of them, the muscle, the skeletal muscle is enormously sensitive to them. But does it need to be testosterone specifically to help tendons? And that's one of the great questions. So, I'd say somebody starts on an anabolic steroid regimen and they're drastically increasing their muscle size. Well, the aphatic adaptation curve does not change. You might retain more muscle, have less catabolic effect. You might get more week-over-week training benefits. But you still need time for the soft tissues to accommodate. So, it's one of those unfortunate things that plague people is by September and ruptures, pectend and ruptures. That's what we see a lot of time in the gym. And so, it's something important to think about. There's a need to be testosterone specifically or it's or can it be something else? The literature that I was reading, it seems like it needs to be testosterone specifically. So, both estrogen and testosterone play some protective element. And therefore, another question is in individuals who are taking synthetics who are on a robotaid inhibitors, are they doing themselves some degree of its disservice? Are they throttling down estrogen so much so that it's not beneficial? Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I've a solution for you. And that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker. My friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user-friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers, like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on. ApoB. It never stops. And by the way, if you are a professional annual of clients inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized health care and listen, blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners, 10% off, 10% off. Anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off go to inside tracker.com like inside tracking your body, use the code doctor, lion, and do not wait if you are due for your blood work. Give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. You bring up a really good point. And what he's talking about is medications, aromatis inhibitors, that would decrease estridile, or overall estrogens. And we know that estrogen is important for both men and women. I can say clinically, I like to see my men. It's interesting for women. There's a lot of ebb and flow. Obviously, we don't want their estrogen suppressed, but for men, I am happy with an estrogen level between 30 and 50. Individuals, you will see sometimes are on something like aromatics. And they will suppress their estrogen and they'll feel terrible. They'll feel terrible, perhaps they'll get injured. You know, in menopause, I've seen somebody of literature talk about frozen shoulder. Yes. And I'm curious, is to why frozen shoulder and menopause wouldn't that be whether it's shoulder, whether it's a knee, patella, tendon issue, or head, why shoulder? Yeah. It's adhesive capsulitis. There are rare clinical accounts of it occurring in other joints. But that's the clinical term for frozen shoulders. And adhesive capsulitis, which appears to be an acute thickening and contraction of the joint capsule. So when we think about a joint, you have two bones articulating with cartilage. And so you have a cartilage interface that allows that. You have typically have a pressurized area of joint fluid that joint fluid periodically gets turned over by the body. And you have a capsule, which is made of collagen, and basically envelopes the entire joint to provide stability. This is what, when you, if you ever like cartocturkey and you take out the hip and you hear the suction break, you're breaking the suction seal that's within the joint. So adhesive capsulitis is sort of most common in women between the ages of 40 and 40 and 60. You can occur in men as well. And it is, the hallmark is this very rapid onset of decreased range motion of the shoulder. So the point where some individuals can't raise their arm above their head without necessarily a predating injury. Some predating injuries can predispose you to it. So let's say you have a acute rotator cuff terror. You stop moving your shoulder all together, just to protect yourself. And you're not going to undergo in the rehabilitative process, perhaps that could actually predispose you to getting your shoulder frozen. It's also interesting because frozen shoulder is one of the few times in medicine that we can say corticosterids are meaningfully disease modifying. So we use corticosterids in sports and spine practices for pain relief. That's the main purpose, they're pain relief. But in the process of frozen shoulder, depending on which article you reference, I like to look at the, there was one article that described it in a way that I think it's very easy to understand. Freezing, frozen, and thawing. Okay, so makes a lot of sense. If you catch it in the freezing phase and you give it a corticosterid injection in the joint, it actually decreases the duration of symptoms. Frozen shoulder untreated can lead to potentially years of symptoms in the shoulder. So the question is, is there is the absence of estrogen and the increasing rise of the, um, the precursors LH and FSH, that are present in the, in the state of menopause, are these things predisposing to that? Because we also see in premenopause a women as well. So it's tough to tell, but we know some risk factors for frozen shoulder, one of them is obesity, one of them is diabetes. And then the other one is perhaps a lot of these, uh, premenopause a females are saying. So tough condition to treat. Yeah, and these are all really important conversations because if we just focus on muscle and we miss tendons than when people get injured, you know, I hate to say it. It's not an if, but it is a when. At some point, if you are pushing yourself or sedentary and then getting back in a blend, you're going to get hurt. Yeah. And I would also say arguably it's not always the muscle. It's probably the 10 in first. Yeah. And it is. And, and you know, it's interesting too, tendons degenerate at a speed that's quite rapid. So if you stop using it, it is a, so I was thinking when I when I learned about this, it's very slow on, right? So it's six to nine months for accommodation intended for the on phase. But it can be relatively fast off. So depending on the degree of a mobilization post injury is a potential that your tendon could be the weakest element coming back. So injuries will find the weakest element. A bear by on mechanics, whatever it is, you're going to find the weakest element in the chain. That's how a lot of times we diagnose pediatric injuries with tendon. So in pediatrics, the bone is weaker than the tendon. The bone is weaker than the tendon. Yeah. And the majority of circumstances. So you'll see this interesting, this interesting convergence of pediatrics and geriatrics, where because bones are weak relatively relative to tendons and muscles in both segments of that population. So if you have say an osteoporotic person and they go and they trip and they catch themselves and they evolve their, their hamstring right off of their issue of tuberosity on the bottom of their pelvis. It happens. I know, I did it. I did not for that reason. Sorry. So terrible. Tough to treat. Now, same thing goes for when we have kids. We will find bone fragments, you know, things called something called attraction, a prophesitis, which is like your eyes goods. You see somebody's knee was a little bit of a lump on it. Basically, the tendon was pulling on the bone. The extensor mechanism of the knee was overloaded. And because the tendon was stronger than bone, it convinced the bone to do what it wanted, which was pulled the bone more towards it. Now, we'll see that to some extent in the population in between. So if you have say you have a longstanding, a kille's problem, but it's a kille's tendonopathy or you just overload your kille's, you will see the actual attachment point. The bone changes form. It says if the tendon is pulling the bone up and actually, because bone is constantly remodeled. Interesting. Yeah. So x-rays despite the fact that tendon is a soft tissue problem. So you wouldn't see tendon on x-ray. You would not see the discreet. Yeah, you're not going to evaluate it to the same extent. So as the listeners thinking, well, how do I know if I have a tendonopathy? Should I go get an x-ray? You would not go get an x-ray? I would get an x-ray only to look at the other elements of it. But MRI and ultrasound are superior for tendon imaging. So MRI has a very good degree of resolution and a very high degree of penetrance. So the benefit of MRI is we can see to the level of the bone and beyond. ultrasound will stop at the bone. So very high resolution and some it says higher than MRI. And so I will find commonly on someone's in a shoulder, I'll find a little what are called interstitial tears in the middle of the tendon that we're not visualized on MRI. Because MRI takes certain cuts, the other benefit of ultrasound is dynamic. So I can actually put the probe on somebody, have them move their shoulder around. And if I'm going to make the clinical diagnosis of you have shoulder impingement, I can prove it. And I can see is this something where you're acutely catching your shoulder under a structure, that's going to help me formulate a therapeutic exercise routine for this person. On the topic of, you know, not if it's when, it's a tough pill to swallow. I know, and I hate to say it. It's and I hate to say it as well because I do believe, I'm one of those people was like, in the ideal circumstance, could we avoid it? Yes, if you didn't do anything. Absolutely could avoid. But in that case, you're going to be on a freight train towards a bad state of health. So you have to make a trade off at some point. Now, with restoration of normal mechanics and loading and periodically deloding, I think we can do a lot for injury prevention. And we know what normal mechanics are despite the fact that everyone has different arm lengths and different leg lengths. There are standards of mechanics. There is, if you look at an orthopedic textbook and a look at joint ranges of motion, it'll look at specifically what's in normal. Like in these are all, these are all gouging distributions, bell curves. So you're going to wind up with, here you go. You have majority of people should have 180 degrees of shoulder flexion. They should have 90 degrees of shoulder external rotation when the arm is abducted. You can find these things. Now, if you restore range of motion, a very important principle in Muscle Scouto Health is mobility and stability. Okay. When I evaluate somebody, I'm looking at them on a two by two table. Are you weak? Are you strong? And we're talking about a specific element of the mechanics, not generalized. For example, raise your arm. Yeah. Like is this strong? Can you push it against? Exactly. And what I like to look at is say I'm examining somebody's hip and I'm going to isolate one of the gluteal muscles with a specific range. Are you weak in that muscle? So I like to look at weak versus strong and mobile versus stiff. weak versus strong mobile versus stiff. Yeah. So to give you an instance, for a instance of who kind of fits in each category. So for our elderly patients who have unfortunately accommodated a lot of a lot of time and where they're most often stiff and weak. So joint ranges of motion decrease with time. You get calcification of soft tissues. You're joint capsules hard in a little bit. We stop moving them as much. So it's natural to see a normal decrease range of motion as we age. So now if you pair that with in activity, if you pair that with somebody who's not engaging a lot of resistance training, it'll be paired with weakness. So stiff and weak. Because you hear a lot about that people are very hyper mobile. Yes. And it's interesting to hear, but as they age that they would stiffen. Yeah, just about everybody's difference to some degree as you age and just about everybody's more mobile when they're younger. Now there's obviously variations within that depending on what yeah, modify a little behaviors you engage in. Now let's take for instance the hyper mobile a patient. So hyper mobility does come. It doesn't it's not always a dedicated healers down low-stagnosis. We have something called the bite and score or the patient. You should mention Elers down lows because there are, I do have a few patients with it. People are very curious about that just as we're talking about mobility because there's probably a spectrum of it that's much more common and individuals recognize and it could preside people to injury and other things. So there is a good evidence based score. It's called the bite and score that can actually be, that can be performed in the office to test for hyper mobility. What we look at is can you bend down to the floor, touch your palms on the floor. Can you bend your pinky back and then grade it in 90 degrees? Everyone can be trying it. Yeah. Go ahead me up. Yeah. So there's other tests within it, but there is a spectrum of hyper mobility and it's likely due to a genetic determinants of collagen. And so when we think about it's not treatable. Corrective usage. So it can be treatable with modifiable with exercises and I'll explain that in a month. But these are relative, not absolutes. So your mobile and weak patients are most commonly hyper mobile. The mobile and weak. Yeah. So the, I'm the two by two, stiff and weak is elderly, your mobile and weaker hyper mobile. Now stiff and strong or stiff are in strong as like an offensive lineman. If you examine an offensive lineman's hips, they're not going to rotate a whole bunch, but their strong is heck and they could put the power down. So that's stiff and strong. Steffa strong is not a bad place to be. Then your mobile and strong, those are your microjordants. Those are the people and strong. That's the, that's the grill. So if you can, for every bit of mobility that you gain, you have to be stable. So range of motion, if I just stretch myself into a range of motion, but I don't know how to actively activate muscles to protect my body in that range of motion. It's just range of motion for range of motion sick. Not all mobility is uniformly beneficial. In my opinion, I believe that if you're going to have mobility, you need to have a company's stability. And if you're a more mobile person, you have a larger responsibility to be stable through a larger range of motion. Now, what are the determinants of mobility? Is a really complicated topic, but you have your boned determinants. So not everyone's hips are shaped the same, not everyone's shoulders are shaped the same. And those are your more mobile joints. Then you have your soft tissue determinants, things like collagen play much more of a row there. So whether you're hyper mobile in a joint capsule, women are more mobile in their joint capsules than men. Women have more type three collagen in their tendons than men. So that's going to influence. I didn't know that. Yeah, just broadly speak. Okay, broadly speak. So these are, these are, these are some determinants that are going to predict some of the soft tissue and then the mobility aspect in really how stable you are. A huge element of that is that that same neuro kinetic element we spoke about before and the athletic accommodation timeline. So if you can be stable and you know what muscle to contract in what position, mobility is fine. But I, for instance, I would prefer for a lot of patients to be in a narrower range of motion, but much more stable through it than as opposed to having just a very large range of motion. If you think about the ranges of motion that we need to accomplish your day-to-day life, you need to be able to do a good hip-ing, you need to be able to do a good squat, you need to be able to rotate and you need to make sure that you're, you're producing enough body tension that centralize in your core to mitigate injury in those circumstances. You don't have to be an elite contortionist to achieve every day life. And that's why the the concept of stretching is a very interesting conversation to have what we're achieving with stretching is a very interesting conversation to have. Should we do it? This is going to bring me to the yes or no section. Oh dear. Okay, so you're not going to like this because you're very academic, but I'm going, you can only answer yes or no. Okay. Plotty's. Yes. Stirred injections. Yes. Zone two. Sure. Ah, we've never had a guest answer sure. I've heard. I think it's beneficial. I think it's a question. The question is the dose, the type and what, but see this is very difficult for people I always get. This is why I'm not on the hill. Okay. If I want to, if I want to, yes or no, is I be a politician. There. Yoga. Um, well, I love this section of the podcast. Yeah. Is that it? Yes. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not know. And I'm not yes. I'm, I'm going to bow out of that one. I'm going to use my fifth amendment on that one. This then leads me to stretching. Stretching can be beneficial. Okay. So it's not uniformly beneficial. The question is what you're trying to achieve with it. Let's talk about protein, specifically first forms natural way protein formula one. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use, what kind of protein powder I recommend. Formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders, different flavors. A natural one, you pick it. It mixes amazing. It makes it extremely easy to get your protein in. And really, there, it's a way protein isolate. So you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shake. Taste great. Super easy to travel with. Great breakfast, dinner, maybe even lunch. Whatever you need, it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary. We'll help improve body composition, muscle mass, all the things that protein does. And by the way, when do you need protein? Well, you need it every day. And that's why I love first forms, protein powder, their formula one, go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. Now then let's talk about that we do a so Matt loves having the yes or no, because it obviously no answer is typically yes or no. But stretching tell us about should we be stretching before activity? Should we be stretching after? Because I ran out of the gym yesterday because my sister said we trained with Carlos Smada, he's my coach. And my sister said we are done working out, we should stretch. What are we stretching? Why are we doing this? And then I said I'm going to talk to doctor to draw because I think you're wrong. We probably don't need to stretch after we work out. And now I'm about to be schooled. Well, let's say so there is this is one of those topics that I have some relevance in, but I don't feel 100% expert level with. I have a lot more to learn on it. But I'm going to give it a shot for you. So stretching pre-activity, decrease neuromuscular firing, decrease stability, not beneficial for power athletes. And can we define power athletes? So pitcher, pitcher, shot putter, elite power lifter. You could even throw fighters in there. That's a powerful sport. So you're producing power is force over time. So you're going to produce force over a very short period of time. So static stretching probably not beneficial or just we're talking about power. Pre-exercise for power generation. Now stretching, they're different categories. They're static stretching. So I'm going to hold a pose for a while, typically 20 seconds or more. And hopes to elongate it to you. Now you're not just stretching the tendons. You're not just stretching the muscles. You're also providing neural feedback that can actually turn off some sensors that help to protect you under load. But these, the Golgi spin of iris. Yeah. So Golgi must have a muscle of power. Remember that? Yeah. So the Golgi's interesting, the other apparatus are also interesting. But the static stretching component perhaps has some benefit post-exercise with relation to tendons health specifically. And it may actually help just elongate the tendon. And actually, if you're holding a pose, maybe we've like up with an isometric or let's say you're going to do a heel drop and just hold it there. That could have some benefit. Now for power or for for recovery recovery. Or recovery. Yeah. Now I say a lot of, I'm going to heavily weight the may here. Okay. Because I'm taking it may help. But I'm also going to tell you from a personal aspect, I don't do it. So I think it's important to note that I don't. There does my husband. There. I've never seen that guy stretch. He has a lot of ease of smartman. So so now, if you're going to, if you're going to stretch with hope to teach your muscles how to engage at a larger range of motion, then you do PNF. So proper effective neural muscular facilitation. And the answer for that is PNF PNF. Proprion. Sapshan. Neuromuscular facilitation. So PNF is a process by which, okay, so I'm going to I'm going to stretch, say my hamstring. And somebody's going to push against my leg. And I'm going to actually try to contract my hamstring at a larger length than I did pre-stretch. And then I'm going to stretch from there. And so there's typically these on off-cycles like a 10 second isometric at a one length, 10 second stretch at another. And you can do that. Now the benefit of that is you are teaching somewhat that the muscle can relax at a larger length. Okay, so whether pre-extricizer post-stricizer size, I'm not clear on. And this seems to work with a lot of people do with pain. Yes. So is PNF used for mitigation of pain, muscle or? Yeah, it's used in rehab. So it's used by physical therapists and ATCs and other people who who will real rotate patients. So it's definitely part of it. When I design a physical therapy protocol's repatience, I like e-centrics for lengthening. So once again, e-centrics your muscle is contracting periodically or mitigating that the elongation process. I think that could be very beneficial. The stretching component is interesting because once again, we're not just stretching the muscle, we're not just stretching the tendon, and we are also gliding the facial layers. So here's another that you brought this up. So here's here's fashion. Another, that's it. Would you consider that an organ system? It's interesting. It's part of the Muscle scottal system, but it's so richly innovated and so large it could be. It's on category. What is fashion? Fashion is interconnected, connective tissue that can run the entire length of the body. Incredible. Here's why we don't get taught about fashion as much as we should be. A lot of it is almost as if we during the process of medical school, it's a second, a second of the average. It's gross. It's necessary. And it's absolutely disgusting. It's also important. It's important. Yeah, and thank you to everybody who donated their body to the science. Incredible that people are willing to do that. When we dissect a Davers, most fashion dries out so much so that it hears to adjacent structures and becomes incapable of dissecting it off of. Now I've spoken to some scientists in Italy about this specifically. When you were just, I wasn't in Italy. It just happened to me. But you're just thinking, I spoke to somebody, basically because ultrasound is one of the main ways to evaluate fashion in the living specimen. So, there is specific catavaric preservation techniques for preserving fashion. But one of the reasons we don't really understand it or appreciate it's the level that we do is we just don't see enough of it. So, fashion can adapt. Fashion is if not the most richly-intervated structure in the body, one of the most richly-intervated structure in the body. That means the most nerves. So, does it feel, you feel, people feel myelfacial pain. I believe it is a part of the diagnostic spectrum of pain. So, you have a muscle that hurts. You have a tendon that hurts. You can be joint that hurts. You can have a ligament that hurts. And fashion also can hurt. It might be a bit. It's not. It's not. It's something to do with fibromyalgia. It's interesting. The concept around fibro is part of the issue. We also see malefacial pain and people who don't have fibro. So, we see malefacial pain and overuse syndromes. A very common malefacial pain that perhaps some people will experience is if they have a pretty large asymmetry in their hips. How their hips move and function, they feel a malefacial pain in the top of their glute low-back area. It's tough to discern. I spend my job doing this every day. Descerning what the main pain generator is and then describing how we can appropriately rehabilitate it and treat that pain. Now, fashion specifically do adapt to exercise. And one of the best books I've read about this by a guy by the name Bill Parisi. So, and he the forward was written by Stu McGill. So, talks about facial adaptation to training. And that basically this fascia system that extends in some circumstances, the length of the body connects your glute on one side to your lat on the other is a lot of the reason that we don't move like rigid robots. So, allows us to move much more coherently. Now, the question in this circumstance is how much of a role is that in pain? How much can we do about it? Now, we know that it adapts in some circumstances because there are some athletes that when you take them and train them a certain way, they get athletically worse at what they're doing. Now, there's changes at the neuro-kinetic level there, there's changes at the muscle level there. Presumably, there are some changes at the facial there as level as well. One of the accounts that Bill talks about in his book is about an elite quarterback who was training like an offensive lineman. So, basically, they were putting the quarterback through the lifting protocols on offensive lineman and the quarterback all the numbers around throwing got worse. Spiral got worse, velocity got worse, arm started to hurt. So, maybe everybody needs to train towards as far as a specific goal because, on some level or another, your entire body is adapting to that, stressor. So, you always have to keep that in mind of when you're training an athlete, they can't all be treated the same, not any exercises uniformly, the perfect one for everybody. For their specific needs, you have to do an individual needs assessment for that patient. So, fascist is very interesting. We do visualize it on, and specifically, where fasc are where the small nerves, like say, for instance, the nerves that talk to the muscles of the back. The facial layers are where they travel. So, the thought is behind myalfacial pain is, could you have these layers that are not appropriately gliding on each other? And patients who have chronic pain, there's some evidence, this is just that they don't glide that well, rounding this back up to the initial question, round stretching. Stretching also glides fashion. And so, does that have its own therapeutic benefit? Could that actually be helping produce these proteoglycans, these lubricants that are present in the body, the same way that they'reintendents? So, is it a lubrication problem and can we facilitate that with stretching? So, then there's also the question of mouth-hashed release and what we do for individual people. My, I'm less concerned about the modality we use to get people mobility, so much as I am more concerned with us restoring stability through that mobility. Really well said, I'm learning just so much. Can we talk a little bit about training? Yes. I've learned quite a bit and you really have helped me reframe. In fact, we're working on second, I'm working on a second book proposal and I'm hoping you would be so gracious as to impart some of your wisdom in part of that process. And I've learned a lot about thinking about how we train the current paradigm, the current narrative is all about zone two. It is that zone two is where we need to focus and then we have other groups that we talk about resistance training, do it three to four days a week. There's understandably so. There are only so many ways that we can make global recommendations. Yes. That being said, I would love your take about unibes spoken about minimal amount of movements, exercise, kettlebells, more effective ways to utilize our body. I'm just going to leave that for you to take it or whatever that you'd like to. Sure. So the concept of zone two is an interesting one. I think that a lot of the excitement around it is that it's helping to promote mitochondrial function and that mitochondrial function appears to be absolutely essential as we age. And can we improve mitochondrial function to decrease things like insulin resistance, improve metabolic health, improve our athletic performance. And the concept there, it's interesting to see how depending on what you look at, these different terms that describe similar phenomena. So submax, bota training, zone two, moderate intensity continuous training. I did a presentation a while back. Specifically as a regard to patients who were recently diagnosed with cancer, undergoing cancer treatment or finished cancer treatment and what exercise recommendations we could make for them because their VO2 max and muscle mass help predict how they do. And we know that quality of life mortality mobility, more ability, the more fit you are from a cardiovascular aspect, the better you will do with treatments. So how can we help people? And so the question was in the presentation, should we be engaging in high intensity interval training or modern intensity continuous training? And the answer is of course, both can be helpful per unit time, high intensity training might be more beneficial to jack your VO2 max upwards. But what are we really thinking about with VO2 max? One is if we're going to test VO2 max in somebody, they should be familiar with the movement of which we are testing them. It's not fair to say somebody has suboptimal VO2 max, but it's their first time doing a certain athletic activity. They're never going to be, you're going to be gas, even if I'm an marathon runner, if you throw me into a box hearing, I'm going to be gas and two rounds. Because you might be amazing, but normal person. But the truth is I would be gased and it's because I'm not familiar with the movements, it's the way that I should be. So it's important, that's important caveat. Don't get down in yourself if VO2 max is not where you think it should be because you did some modified bruised crop protocol in a gym. It might not be where it should be because you don't have familiarity with the movement. If you're on a bike, there are so many determinants of your performance on a bike. Absolutely. You're positioning, you're familiarity with it. What muscles you're activating, you're shoe angle with the actual pedal. And I'm out of my league there. I know that that's the very, very surface layer of it. So we're looking at substrate utilization, fats versus carbohydrates versus creating phosphate. And we're looking at what can be done to maximize fat oxidation. So this concept around zone two is I understand it is fat max. Like we're trying to maximally use fat for fuel, why we exercise, to teach our mitochondria to metabolize fat more readily to decrease insulin resistance. That's what makes sense to me at least. Now with high intensity interval training, I think the downside of zone two is time. I think that's it. I think you have two children in a beautiful life and a full practice. Yes, and time is tough. So I don't engage an autonomous zone to myself if I had more time in the week, perhaps I would. But then high intensity interval training appears to be as beneficial for VO2 max as the zone two, but you're training it two different ways. From high intensity interval training, you're like raising the ceiling of your house higher. You're just you're getting better at pushing it higher. But the VO the zone two training appears to be like you're solidifying the foundation. You're getting better in the lower levels that predicts success at the higher levels. So we might be describing it this way, but it athletes have intuitively known this for decades. When they run, they're not gasing themselves every workout. They leave a little bit on the table and the body goes to a period of compensation to basically mount their response to that stressor. And then when they do peak one or two times a year, they're in really good shape. So same principle applies to weight training. So our should we or could we be going to neuromuscular failure? If our goal is muscle hypertrophy, should we be focusing on just muscle hypertrophy and specific muscle segments or generalize strength and instability? I think these are good questions. But I find the way I trade with kettlebells is I want to be number one thing for me is don't lose stability in all three planes of motion, sagittal, transverse, and frontal, like we spoke about before. When you work a kettlebell, most of the time it's in one hand and that by nature destabilizes you. And you're not going to get destabilization if you're working only with barbells. So if you're not going to get destabilization working with barbells. As it relates to the frontal and the transverse plane. So you'll be stable as all heck in the sagittal plane. If you work with the barbell, I was the sagittal plane hero. I went to the gym and I did bench lats, I did squats, I did deadlifts and I became very proficient in those areas. But then I would go play golf and things would hurt. And I'd be like, well, that's interesting. You know, I'm not the world's best golfer, but it shouldn't hurt as much as it did. And I thought it was basically because it wasn't as proficient in translating force in rotation. So I like to use a kettlebell. I think you can get a lot out of it. I think the work from the strong first organization and Dan John online in his own endeavors have done a great job, elucidating the cardiovascular respiratory benefits of kettlebells that you can get strength and conditioning. And so I try to follow that. I also do something and we spoke about this term exercise snacks, which I don't particularly love. But I can't think of it. Well, we'll find a way to re-rend it. But definitely. Yeah. I call it farm hand strength. So like, if you're working on and now, let's say you're not a farm hand, let's say you're just somebody mulching your yard. You're not going to basically go to the point where you're falling down every single time. You're going to leave a little bit on the table. You're going to come back to it. You're going to go do a different activity for a short period of time and then you're going to come back to it. And so what I do, what I'll do is I'll enter mix like some sets of kettlebell swings throughout the day. I might do a set at 9 a.m. and do a set at 10 30. I'm not looking to build a sweat. I'm just looking to get better at the movement. So I'm really stressing that neuro kinetic element. Am I getting more am I getting better at the movement? Am I doing a little bit of stimulation of muscle? But by no means am I getting a skin ripping pump out of it. But potentially you could build a workout like that. Yeah. There's a comp. There are, you know, when we look at some of the really good people who are training and what they do in a lot of rehabilitation from injury, sometimes it's 3, 5, 10 minutes. And so the question because I think in there is do you want to be really, do you want to be super proficient with a movement or do you want to get as much training in an as short period of time as possible? So there's different strategies there. But we move throughout the course of the day. It's not like we only move for 30 minutes and then we're mobilized for 23 and a half hours. So the concept of going to the gym, I think is something that needs some work. Where we think about going to the gym, we dedicate time. But should we be in our spursing movement throughout the day? I think some people, fortunately in their jobs, can do that and some people unfortunately can't do that. But I like, like, you know, I saw you both do a set of pushups before. That's its own little stimulant part to the podcast. That's our pre-game pushup. There you go. We do a now podcast ritual. Now is that not helpful because you only did one set? No, of course it's helpful. You didn't know that we're doing some after this. I'm happy to do it. But you did, you did one set in isolation. And you benefited from not overloading your tissues. You benefited from a short term increase in your heart rate. You learned how to become a better push-uper. And that has something to do with it too. So I think coming back to the concept around zone two, if you were to train, I think that the probably what makes sense from a metabolic corollary for weight training is like, if you're going to neuromuscular, muscles are on fire, you're not in zone two. I think we can comfortably say that, right? Yes. So you're probably in zone five or four or five. So you're really getting there. Now, if you train and you say you do 10 repetitions of something explosively and then you wait a couple of minutes and do it again, could you still be in zone two? And that's the this concept that has come up called anti-glycliced training, which is a way to build endurance and strength, which has been subject to my own personal fascination. I'm not in a position where I could speak if I'm educated perspective on it. A lot of the literature behind it is in Russian. So I can't really get learning. But I've read Paulville's work and Paulville does a great job with that. And I've recently read a couple of his books and I think it's something I've experimented with the same way that we might all experiment with zone two or a hit training or powerlifting or whatever it might be. A lot, I think one of the benefits to my patience is that I've gone through the process of experimenting a lot with this play baseball and football, it was a personal trainer. I did a good bit of just casual powerlifting. I tried to be you know a crappy bodybuilder for a period of time and it wasn't great at it. But and then on top of that you know I might not have I might not be running a marathon like Shane in a couple weeks but I did run a half and you learned so much going through those two those individual experiences. So I try to maintain a radical open-mindedness about what could be helpful and try it myself on it if I can. And that's really valuable a physician that sees patients and also walks the walk and experiences it. And I do think that you bring a very unique perspective in your practice, how do you incorporate some of these things? So you practice in where are you in practice right? I'm in Florida Park, New Jersey. I work for some at health. Okay. And people could make an appointment with you if they would like to. So let me just tell you guys something. Every guest is incredibly vetted before they come on the podcast. I have so much respect for Dr. Gerard. I send patients to him. If you're in the area, if you are not, he is definitely worth the trip. I would love to hear a little bit about what makes your practice different. You need we've heard a lot about your philosophy and how you think about things from both a bio-mechanical aspect. I know where you sit from an nutritional aspect but also your fellowship Yes. I'd love for you to expand upon your training and just your individual practice. So my practice is Sports and Spine Practice. I did a Sports and Spine Fellowship at the hospital for Special Surgery. Which, by the way, is one of the best in the country. If not one of the best places in the world. Yeah, it's a great place to train, a great place to be. I have been, I think the very important take home for anybody who's listening outside of me kind of speaking about myself for a moment is if you can find mentors that are really good for you, really pursue their mentorship. That's how you and I have developed this relationship. I have a mentor almost at every different phase of the career. So I kind of have mentors that are closer to me and age. I have mid-career people. I have a later stage career people. And I also have mentors who are non-clinical or not even doctors. You know, who are people in different fields. Getting their perspective has been so important and anything that I do is the great fortune of having a great family and a great upbringing, great wife and kids at home and parents and brother and friends. So I'm fortunate that every day I go to work, I feel like I bring the best version of myself because I have a great backing. Amazing. Now, for my practice, my practice focuses heavily on the biomedical determinants of pain. And when patient comes in, let's say I see a back pain patient, it's less difficult to make the diagnosis of a pinch nerve in the back from a herniated disc and more difficult to certain discern why that disc herniated and to unravel and a relatively short timeframe. What determines it's in that person's life or in their training, predisposed them to injury and how are those things going to be in conferences to them getting better in the future? So that takes some refining and I've gotten better at it with time, but every day we try to build a little bit and I try to find what is motivating this person, what are your goals? And I ask every patient, what are your goals for this visit? Some people just want clarity of diagnosis. Well, the first thing we need to do beyond anything else is clarity of diagnosis. From a biomedical element and from a tissue layer element, do you have a herniated disc? Yes, why? Repetitive flexion movements without appropriate lumbar stabilization, insufficient hip mobility and then they didn't have the appropriate braced from the obliques. That's a good starting point. Now let's use this inflection point of injury and let's build you back to a point of antifragility. So the concept of antifragility is one that I borrowed from Nassim Talib's book, which is one of four books in the Incherto, which are very difficult and fun to read. I love I love very thick books. Yes, very thick. There are books about everything. If you ask me what they're about, they're about everything. But this concept of antifragility is actually a concept that is exhibited in muscle and tendon and bone, which is you provide a stressor to a structure. It doesn't break. But in time if the stretcher's adequate, the stressor is adequate, the structure can actually get stronger. So I branded myself antifragility because I love that concept. I love that's the essence of my practice. Can we use stressors rather than hurting you and disabling you to make you stronger? Yes, they're strong. And I know that's you too. I know that you too. So I look at, can we get people from a point of injury to back to a state of athleticism and what are the goals? Do you want to be on the ground plane with your grandkids? Are you somebody who's going to run a marathon in a couple weeks? And we kind of look at all these things in the variety of treatments that I can offer. And when there is an evidence-based adrohr from, we will draw from the evidence-based. If there's no evidence-based adrohr from an area, we'll extrapolate based upon the knowledge of my biological foundations. So my practice is a sports and spine practice. So I see a lot of hip pain, back pain, shoulder pain, neck pain, to a limb, let me send elbow and then of course, knee and some ankle foot as well. And the two main conditions I treat are back specifically low back pain, tendon opportunities around the body and then a lot of neck pain. And you'll find that patients who have low back pain have tendonopathic problems as well. And you'll find... And the shoulder, it's a whole swing. It's a whole swing. So the whole swing and that problem is, but I think it's, you'll find specifically that there are insufficient cees in the pelvis and the paripelvic muscles like the glutes. And so it's not uncommon to find a tendon problem there. So I like to uncover what the root causes and that's really what gets me out of bed every morning. It's root cause diagnoses. And then if your diagnosis is accurate and you can correlate it with the diagnostic testing we have x-rays, MRIs, ultrasound, et cetera. And it matches up with a good physical exam. Well, now we have a clarity of diagnosis. Then the treatment, everything we provide from a treatment aspect there out is much more beneficial. And what I love about what you're saying is it's not about the end pain or the end symptom. It's a root cause approach which traditionally medicine is not about a root cause approach. And that's what I think what makes you and your practice so exceptional is that what is at the foundation so that you can get people better. Where do you see the field going? So I think that there's a good interest around regenerative medicine and there are a variety of regenerative therapies that we have now. PRP, you know, we spoke about the athletic accommodation curve. There's also the innovation curve of companies and products. And instead of like being on the absolute first phase of stuff, I'm probably one phase delayed. I feel the same way. We have to make sure that things are safe, effective, worthwhile for patients to spend their money. Yes. Agreed. And first rule of medicine is do no harm. That's right. So do you know harm? Anything we do, we want to understand what we're doing, why I want to put it in the right place. So I think there's some very interesting work that's going on from a stem cell aspect. Fat concentrate procedures, further subcategorization of PRP, went to use it, went not to use it. And I think the field will continue to develop that. I think as we evolve as a field going forward, we'll begin to understand a little bit more about things like fashion. We'll be, you know, just need a little bit more about mechanics other than just isolated joint range motion. And whole body movement. I think that it takes a lot of interest in that and study to do it. But I think we're getting there. And I think that the last frontier is in a lot of ways, the first most important, which is prevention. And I answer prevention is worth a pound of cure. And how can we prevent these injuries? Or you know, you see this word circulated online bullet proofing? Like, how are we going to bullet proof your shoulder is bullet proof your knees? And so that's where a lot of my own self experimentation comes in and trying to learn that as well as watch people do it and experiment with that. But as a field, I hope we study more of that. And then of course, predictive, predictive analytics around who who's going to wear a joint in a specific pattern based upon their bony development. We have some evidence to understand that now, particularly in the hips. But in the, we're starting, I think to an a greater degree to look at that in the shoulders and surgeons specifically are doing a great job of looking at that. And then from a tendon aspect, you know, like we said, are the exercise we can engage in? I'm certainly going to do my best to find out. And I think, and to figure out what is the most effective ones. I think that the question becomes minimally effective dose of everything. Yes, training, medication. Yes. How much is too much? And are we overtraining tissues? And that's why we're seeing so many musculoskeletal problems? Or are we just inefficiently training? And is it because we just don't know how to do it? If you can restore, you know, quote unquote normal mechanics, it's a very some person to person. But if you can restore normal mechanics, a lot of things get better. And I think what we're seeing now is people like yourself are doing a great job of highlighting. Well, we need power, we need muscle mass, we need cardiovascular potential. What movements can get all of those in a minimal dose of time? Because we're all busy. And then what nutrition can empower those goals? And what sleep determines can help us? So I love how holistically you look at everything because you can't look at one thing in isolation. The body is not isolation. Everything works, everything works together. And it's funny. We have this concept of organ systems and things like this. And when you look at the musculoskeletal system, it's like, well, B cells are present in chronic tendon opportunities. That means it's now part of the immune system. You know, it's, they all work together. They're all constantly connected and communicating with one another to generate our homeostasis. So hopefully we understand more about the aging process. What we can do in the prime years to to to arm ourselves to that. And then what activities we can really get people back to as they age and age gracefully. Dr. Gerard, Danoffrio, thank you so much for spending time with us. You are a wealth of knowledge. I've just been very impressed with you over the years. And you continue to impress me. Thank you for having me on. Where can people find you? So I'm on Instagram as anti-fragile MD. And then my my website is with my employer, someone held. So if you search my name, Gerard Danoffrio, you'll find that I have a web page there and you can book appointments from that point. And over time, I think I'm also on YouTube at anti-fragile MD. And we'll be publishing more content in the coming months and years. Yes sir, thank you again. Thank you.