In this episode of the Dr. Gabriel Lineshow, I sit down with gastroenterologist Dr. Ken Brown. What makes Ken so unique is that he combines clinical research with practical application. He still sees patients. In this episode, we talk about how the micro biome could be causing your waking. We discuss how your gut health could be potentially leading to later life threatening diseases, the things like Alzheimer's. We discuss supplements that will be helpful for the micro biome and so much more. As always, if you like this episode, please take a moment to share it, subscribe, leave us a review. If you have not checked out the community, you can go to the website, Dr. Gabriel Lines.com and join us. Because remember friends, we are in this together. Dr. Ken Brown, I'm thrilled to have you on the podcast. Welcome. Thank you so much, Gabriel. I love the setup you have here, and I'm honored to be here. Thank you. I want to tell the listeners something really special about you. Okay, and I didn't share this with you before we sat down because I wanted to save it for the podcast. You and I have been friends now for gosh, six years. Yeah, at least six years. I had a friend, and she became a patient and she's a friend and a patient. And she was a 34 year old extremely well known entrepreneur. She went and she did a grayel test, also known as the gallery test. And this was before I had helped and stepped in taking over her care. Her grayel test came back positive, her colon cancer. 34 years old, a no family history, and she had also done a pernoveus scan, full body MRI, which showed a mass in her, was it her seacum? And I'm heart racing a little bit because this is a pretty sad story. She passed away. And I called you when the doctor that was seeing her before said, yeah, you came back positive for cancer, go figure it out. You need to schedule a colonoscopy. She lived in Dallas at the time. And I called you and I said, can I need your help? I don't know what to do, this girl cannot. She's going to some random colonoscopy place. You stepped in. You did a colonoscopy within the week. You found a large mass in her seacum. You had her scheduled first surgery within the week for removal. And I am forever in your debt. I'm so grateful. Thank you for doing that. And I hope friends that are listening, you never put in that position where you need to call in a favor. But the way you stepped in and the way you handled it, it sadly, she passed away within six months of that diagnosis. She didn't want to get treatment at the time. But thank you. Thank you for the referral for trusting me. A very difficult case. A completely caught off guard. Really thought that it was going to be something seen. They were seeing something else on the stand. But that's what we do. We're doctors. We treat people. And unfortunately a lot of people get very frustrated because of the system in the way it's clogged and the way that insurance companies are involved. And sometimes going peer to peer is the way to make things happen really quick. So it's, you know, we take care of each other and that's. Unfortunately, people that don't have access to a friend that's a doctor or somebody. Sometimes they kind of get shuffled around a little bit. But you can count to the chase. You know how it goes. Yes, I do. And I've called you many times. Fortunately, not as significant as a colon cancer case of a 34 year old. But there has not been one time that you have not come through for me. And I'm so fortunate to be your friend. I'm so fortunate to be your colleague. And I just wanted to set the stage so that the listener knows. Yeah, we're going to talk all about science. But I think even more importantly that they know who you are as a person. Well, thank you so much. Can I tell you something about you? Oh, yeah. Of course. So first of all, congratulations on your book. Thank you, sir. I have read it. It is great. I love it. I was a little scared when I first walked in here and let me tell you why. Because I read it, but then I also listened to it on audiobook. I'm sorry. No, because once I heard that you were reading your own book, I'm like, Okay, well, I got to listen to this. So I listened to it, but I listened to it at 1.5 speed. Okay, good. So when I came in, you sounded like you had a stroke to me because you were reporting in my mom. Yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes. And then I figured something out. If I put you on like two and a half speed, and I get on the devil's tries to go, it sounds like you're yelling at me. Actually, due to bothers. Perfect. You know, as you write a book and you record your own audiobook, they make you talk really slow. Oh, yeah. So they slow down your cadence. How long did it take to record that? Three days. That's it. Just all day, three days. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, it was awesome. It's probably my favorite. One of my favorite parts about actually writing the book. Yeah, well, you did an amazing job on the audiobook. Thank you. Thank you, sir. I can't wait for your book to come out. Oh, there's no writing going on. Oh, putting on this bottle. Yeah, no, no, no, I just have a lot going on. I can't seem to sit down and put any words on paper. You're doing a very important work. You are a practicing physician. You're also a developer of a supplement line company. You're doing a whole bunch of other things. You also have a podcast. You're also on social media. You have a team. It doesn't stop for you. And I have to say today, we're going to talk all about gut health. And there's no one that I trust more. You are very well researched and you have a lot of clinical experience. And we's a thinking about things. So just at a very high level, let's for our listeners talk about why gut health isn't so important. And by the time that they are done listening to this podcast, I think you guys should all grab a chair. You know, you know, saddle in and sit down because we're going to talk about. Irritable bowel. We're going to talk about colon cancer. We're going to talk about all of the things. This is going to be a mini masterclass. Oh, Jesus. No pressure. One. That helps. Something else that you turn me on to after reading your book. I got really excited about the gut muscle. Yes. And how that plays into it. And then you describe in your book about how the muscles are actually an endocrine order. Because it goes throughout the whole body. The muscles produce metabolites, which are actually anti-inflammatory and they're beneficial and they help the brain. The gut does the exact same thing. The microbiome, the hundred trillion bacteria that live in our colon, they produce metabolites. So when you were describing what the muscle is doing, the gut is doing something extremely similar. Probably on a little larger scale because it's a direct one to one. And then the influence on the muscles is actually taking place as well. So if you don't have a healthy gut, we're going to go from this. But I just want to say that for your audience, if you don't have a healthy gut, you are actually struggling to have healthy muscles. Or actually maintain muscle. And this gets into all those things you were talking about the myocides being released. I mean, that is the language that I talk about. Talk about the metabolites and the cytokines and all that stuff. And this is going on in the muscles as well. And we have the ability to make sure that you can optimize your training regimen by optimizing your gut as well. I couldn't agree with you more. And we see that in the athletic population. It's interesting as training volume increases. I have seen a precipitous decline in gastrointestinal health, whether it's because of permeability, whether it's because of stress. But the overarching theme is, I think that we could safely say the healthier your gut is. The healthier your muscles will be. It is this full interconnected organ system. We talk about different organ systems in silos, but they're all connected, especially by myocides, metabolites. And that is where gut health is, you know, from my perspective, even the first layer before we even get to muscle health, right? Because of absorption of nutrients, because of the postbiotics, because of the way in which gut health influences everything else. Absolutely. I mean, I'm a little bit biased. You don't say as a practice that. But all help begins and ends in the gut. I mean, when we think about it, we take in the outside world and we bring it into our gut. We have all these influences on our body, but you have total control of what you're putting in. And what you put in can either benefit your gut or harm your gut. When we're talking about gut health, I think of it as different places. I think of the direct aspect of, are you causing gut inflammation through various things, just direct inflammation, poor diet and a biotics, whatever. And then are you taking care of your microbiome? So when we talk about gut health, it's almost easier to start with the microbiome and then work your way up to the pathophysiology or things that can go wrong in the gut. Because if you don't have a healthy microbiome, then you're kind of starting at a bad spot already. Really quickly, I'd like to take a moment to thank one of the sponsors, and that's fatty 15. You've heard all about essential fatty acids and fatty 15 is a new fatty acid. The first one discovered in the last 90 years. And let me tell you, essential fatty acids are critical for health and wellness. We've all heard this, of course, but fatty 15 is unique. So it's a carbon 15. And by the way, it is going to be helpful for cellular aging. The reality is we're all getting older, but there are ways and things that we can do to combat. The destruction and impact our life style has on our body and our brain and our mood. fatty 15 is one of those supplements. fatty 15 is amazing and it's extremely potent. And by the way, you will not be burping up fatty 15 because it is tasteless and odorless, which also makes it amazing. fatty 15 has great research behind it, which again, I think is extremely valuable. So a lot of different supplements on the market. I'm only bringing to you supplements that I love and use myself. fatty 15 is helping me with energy. I'll let you know about aging next year, but fatty 15 is an amazing product. I think that you're going to love it. Go to fatty15.com slash doctor lion. That's fatty15.com slash doctor lion. And no surprise, you will get 15% off on your first 90 day subscription. Now back to the episode. How diverse is the microbiome? So for example, let's say you and I have the same diet. How diverse will my microbiome be versus yours? That is really interesting because there's other factors that get into play with this. What we do know is that the microbiome can be similar in different regions of the world where the diet is very similar in the lifestyle as similar as well. So if you go to certain islands and things like that, where people talk about these blue zones and whatever the microbiome appears to be somewhat similar. But due to other lifestyle effects exercise, sleep. If the diet is the same, we think it's the same, but are you opening a package? You're actually having whole food, plays a big difference. And then how that plays out in relation to the epigenetics, meaning what does your microbiome do for you? What does it do for me? You and I are 99% genetically identical. We could be 90% different with our microbiome. And what does that mean? Say that again. So we are 90% identical as humans. So you and I are 99% identical in our genome. Okay. People don't realize that the microbiome, the 100 trillion bacteria, 1000 species, actually has its own genome. So the genes that they produce are 100fold more than what you and I are producing. Two people genetically identical as humans completely opposite with our microbiomes. They've been proven that this is where the whole concept of fecal microbial transplants coming in. How the microbiome right now truly is the new frontier. People talk about it. You hear about it. Everybody's trying to jump on this bandwagon, but the reality is it really is a new frontier. Because we have not really figured out how to completely control it. How I'm doing studying the microbiome. So I was doing clinical research for 10 full years. So the history of this started when I was doing pharmaceutical research. And it was at that time that the whole concept of bacteria creating some disease, meaning IBS, could be the root cause of all this. And that led to the development of a drug called diffaxing. Which I think is an incredible drug. I'd love to hear your perspective on that event. Yeah, the story behind it is just very interesting because that's how I started going down the path of developing something natural. Basically when we were doing the research, there were going for FDA approval on irritable bowel with diarrhea. And irritable bowel syndrome in my world when I went to medical school and residency, IBS, if you scope somebody in the blood work was normal, it's in their head. I remember something it was actually considered a disease of hysteria. Yes, it very, very similar to back in the 80s when somebody got an ulcer, actually prior to that. If somebody got an ulcer, it was believed that you have too much stress in your life. You're working too hard. You have an ulcer. Then in 82, I believe, discovered that a bacteria was causing it. He looked back to Pylori. That is the same paradigm shift that took place when I was doing research about 12 years ago. Dr. Mark Pymantell had discovered that something very similar was happening. IBS is not just a functional problem. It's not just something in your head. The traditional person would just be prescribed anti depressants. But irritable bowel syndrome is something that he can be caused by bacteria growing. Where it shouldn't be called small intestinal bacterial overgrowth. Certainly in the functional world, they adopted this very quickly. I still have many colleagues that treat people with IBS with anti depressants. That's it. While I was talking to him, I was part of the clinical trials set in this off. He said, unfortunately, we'll never be able to help the bloated, consipated person because what they're doing is the type of bacteria or the kingdom of bacteria called our K-bacteris producing something a gas called methane, which is slowing everything down. This leads to a circular problem producing more bacteria causing more problems. That's when I figured out what we can, if the pharmaceutical industry doesn't have anything for meaning, modern day antibiotics don't work, let's look at all natural alternatives. That's what I did. At that moment when I was starting to look at this, so this is way before people were really talking about microbiome and manipulating it. The scientists I was talking to, they were already discussing it, especially in Italy and in Spain. They were saying, well, if you use these certain polyphenols, we know that this is actually what is helping to produce a diverse microbiome, meaning a very healthy microbiome. So it's 15 years ago when we really started talking about the microbiome back then and how to keep it healthy. That's the biggest thing. And we're still at the beginning, so 15 years into research from your perspective, we're still just scratching the surface of the microbiome. 100%. We can test and we can find DNA that gives us clues of what type of bacteria. We can make up your microbiome. We don't know if they're active. We know that we can test for the DNA. Are they alive? Are they doing things? We do know that certain people with certain types of bacteria produce more beneficial metabolites. We know that if you have a narrow microbiome, which we're going to use the term dyspiosis for that. So the standard American diet is causing a lot of this. And if I ought to cross a lot of it, but when you have a narrow microbiome, then you lose the ability to produce all these beneficial things. You lose the ability to decrease inflammation. You lose the ability. Equivalent in your book when you have fat infiltrating the muscle, the muscle itself does it have as much ability to produce all those beneficial things. And so when you have this narrow microbiome, we know that this, the best way to think about it is, treat your microbiome well. It will treat you well. Keep your microbiome young. It will keep you young. Mistreated. And it becomes almost a parasite. It actually starts hurting you. And it's, um, my son came up with this idea. It's calling cancer awareness month. Oh. So I give this bracelet to everybody that I scope. Okay. And it goes, you know what you should do. It's a lot of bracelets you're giving away. I know it is. Well, they're, they're rubber bracelets, nothing fancy. But he came up with this term, which I love. It's my son's 19. He goes to university taxons right now. He, uh, he's like, you know what you should do is you should do a play. You should do, you know, the WWJD. Do WWYMS. And so every one of my patients gets this after I scope them. What would your microbiome say? So that I tell them so that when you leave here and you're really hungry and you pull into the Burger King or the McDonald's or the whatever. Nobody listening does that. Yes. Look down and go, what would my microbiome say about this? Because it's that important to keep it healthy. And we don't think about that. That, that's very enlightening. I have a few questions for you. For example, are we born with a certain microbiome? And if so, or some of us born with a more advantageous microbiome? And what are the things that we can do if there's parents listening? What can we do? And maybe it is equal to everybody. The things that you can do like sleep, train, have polyphenols across the board is similar. What would you say the foundational aspects of microbiome help are? Well, that's a, kind of a two-part question. But that is a great question. We are born and we already start sharing the mother's microbiome. And we now realize that we thought that the placenta was completely imperbable to other things. So it's just a form birth. In fetus, in utero, there is some exchange of developing exposure to the mother's microbiome. Then the birth process itself, see section versus vaginal, you're going to be exposed to different microbiomes there. Immediately after birth, all the, inoculations, things like that that we don't really have, well, you don't even realize that your child's getting these, you know, vaccinations or antibiotics and things like that. That being said, a lot of that is out of your control. What is in your control is what we call the Golden Window. Basically zero to age three or four is the Golden Window of helping your child have the best microbiome. Because then it's set. And if they end up having a really bad microbiome then then they have to spend years trying to change lifestyle habits. Change things so that the microbiome becomes better. So it actually happens really early on as an infant. And that's something to actually think about. We have to make sure of all the normal daily processes like as an adult, we always talk about sleep, exercise, eating whole foods and things like that. Similar to a child making sure that they have the best possible diet that is not disrupting it, making sure that you're limiting the amount of antibiotics. That's probably the biggest thing for children, but highly processed foods is super huge in this. And all of this plays into the fact that when you have a healthy microbiome, you probably can tolerate a lot more of the what life throws at you. Yeah. You're getting hit by whatever pollutants, all these other things, but you can probably tolerate it a lot better when you have a healthy microbiome. If you look at a graph of obesity and adolescence. You're going to ask you, that was my next question. Yeah. An anxiety and even ADHD. It's fascinating because it just clips along very steadily. And then right around 1978, you see this obesity line start climbing. And a little bit further than that, like 1982, you start seeing anxiety and ADHD. And if you look, that really does correlate with our change in diet, meaning our change in what is allowable in the diet. And if you look at the diet, hyperdose corn syrup, highly processed seed oils, the flipped ratio of Omega 6 to Omega 3, Amolose fires. And what we're learning is when we start looking at this, including artificial sweeteners, a lot of these things actually disrupt. There's some gut inflammation, like from the Amolose fires and from some of the inflammatory seed oils. But there's also disruption of the microbiome. That is really fascinating because what I'm hearing you say is we've really honed our attention towards obesity. And we've focused on body composition. And of course metabolic dysregulation, the blood markers that go along with that. And yes, we've gotten better at testing for ADHD. And perhaps we've gotten more stringent on our screening for depression. But the influence of microbiome is not something that is normally incorporated into that conversation. And so with the increase in processed foods, the disruption of the microbiome from what I'm hearing you say, probably played and does continue to play a huge role in obesity, in depression and anxiety, ADHD. Is that a fair statement to say? I think unless you have any other compelling evidence to say this is the exact thing that's actually happening, it has to be the microbiome. There's a point in time when we start inducing things into our system that we know are inflammatory. We know that if the only country that sprays glyphosate right before it's harvested to dry it, we know that glyphosate is a microbiome disruptor. We know that these different things. So we talk about obesity all the time, but it was a flat line until right around that when we started doing all these types of things with the processed foods. And when that started happening, is it to calories in calories out? I don't know. Your friends with Dr. Lane Norton, he'll sit there and talk about this. Is it disruption of the microbiome? I don't know. We've got people out there that are doing animal studies, you know, conclusively showing that a lot of this, having a diet, having a standard American diet, we'll definitely disrupt that. Is it the possibility that you're having intestinal inflammation that actually decreases the enzymes in the gut lining that don't allow you to convert the amino acids that you're ingesting into some of the neurotransmitters that you need dopamine serotonin and GABA? We know that if you've got an inflamed gut, you won't be able to do that. Does that lead to ADHD? Does that lead to anxiety? So, if you have an inflamed gut, is it possible that you don't have the right neurotransmitters? Because it's being, you know, 90% of serotonins produced in the gut. We know a lot of people don't realize that GABA, the inhibitory neurotransmitter, the thing that kind of says, well, calm down, like the police cop kind of thing. That also needs the gut, and it actually converted by the microbiome. So, is it possible that we have this huge epidemic of depression and ADHD and anxiety? Because the foods that we're eating create localized intestinal inflammation, not allowing these enzymes to work as well to convert trip to fan to serotonin. That's possibility. And when the microbiome is healthy, then it's going to produce these metabolites, short chain fatty acids, but it's a bit of a thing like this that circulates throughout the whole body and actually heal those cells to allow your body to convert that. So, definitely the gut seems to be playing the biggest role in this. I did hear somebody that I don't remember who it was, but he was on human discussing how he believes that the reason for obesity is due to a mitochondrial thing. What we're now talking about is mitochondrial disruption, but that comes back to inflammation. So, you can always step your way back to if we have inflammation, then this is going to lead to cellular distress. If that happens, mitochondrial dysfunction and so on, is this more than just calories and calorie out? Well, I think that we can all agree. Many of us can agree that calories and calories out plays role. Right? This is, there's probably no denying that. But the nuances of that, I believe are there. I have read some research that talks about this ratio of formecturus and bacteriabetes and that some individuals may. And I'm not sure if this is the right word of zorb, more calories based on their, and please correct me. Based on their gut microbiome profile, whereas you could eat a burger and I could eat a burger, but the impact of that food is going to be different. Would you say, is that, is that our fair statement? I think it's a fair statement that gets back to what we're talking about 90% different with our microbiome. And so, you and I can eat the same thing, can have something different. A lot of the research that goes on in this is doing this fecal microbial transplant. Trying to see if we can manipulate that. They have shown that if you take these stool from a fat mouth, give it to a skinny mouth, skinny mouth gets fat. Why is that? Well, it has to do something with the microbial genome having an epigenetic effect, turning on different things. Outside of the gastrointestinal tract, we are talking about a systemic effect in microbiome. That's a systemic effect. Having a systemic effect on the body, which leads me back to this question, what can we do? I guess the first part of that question is, how does one know if they have a healthy microbiome? And what are the pillars that you feel that everybody could deploy upon actions that everyone could take to improve their overall gut microbiome diversity, help those kinds of things? So, the functional medicine and community would say, well, let's check your stool. And what is the efficacy of these tests? I think it's been best described as we have the ability to test this. If you're doing something about it, the science quite isn't there yet. And so there's a lot of companies or so many. I wrote an article for one of the news outlets about at home stool testing. This is a big thing. People can just order it online. They send it in and they get a report back. Well, what do you do with that? It's lots of information that's interpreted. Well, maybe you should have more of this supplement, more of this supplement. But the reality is, we don't really know if changing the racial one particular thing. Here's what we do know. This is based on human trials. If you protect your microbiome as much as possible, meaning protected by getting properly, trying to avoid stress, avoid antibiotics, and try to eat a diet that is not highly processed. And then you feed your microbiome what it wants. And everybody talks about fiber. Recent studies just came out. We're comparing large complex polyphenols to Inulin, which is kind of the gold standard fiber. They actually gave it to humans over 28 day period. And they did show a slight microbial improvement in 28 days. But these were healthy volunteers to be in with their parents. How did they define healthy? Well, it's basically based on the ratios. I see. When you look at this, it's the genus. There's bacteria that we believe that when they are, the ratio is shifted. You will have more inflammatory markers as opposed to non-inflammatory markers. Can I stop you for a second? Just to clarify inflammatory markers like HSCRPR. Are we talking about calprotectin? Are we talking about somulin? What kind of inflammatory markers are we? Most of these studies are looking at the cytokines. cytokines. Yeah. Okay. Blood cytokines? Blood cytokines. Like in the other. Exactly. Yeah. So like in the other consics, Tiana, phalpho. Things like that. What they can show is that you're going to have higher ratios of that. A lot's of really cool stuff now where we're looking in the anti-aging world about keeping your microbiome young and then you can actually stay young because when they look at what do they call super centenarians? Those that make it past 95? I think that's the term. When they analyze their microbiome, it's similar to somebody that's much much younger. And every other study across the board from fruit flies to rats to humans. Because we age our microbiome changes and it becomes less diverse. And when I say less diverse, basically means bad bacteria seem to go higher and good bacteria seem to come down. And which ones are good and bad is kind of irrelevant because we've kind of clumped them into these two different things. Certain bacteria produce more of the anti-inflammatory metabolites. Other ones actually produce inflammatory metabolites. So we know that as we age, this is going on. Now is it because the microbiome is becoming less diverse and we're aging quicker? Or through the aging process, I will not take care of the microbiome so it will follow, kind of chicken in the egg sort of thing. But knowing that the people that make it to 95 have this very robust diverse microbiome, we know that that plays a key role. And so protect in the microbiome. So feed it what it wants, protect it. And then the lifestyle stuff, the beauty is it's everything that's in your book. Get good sleep, eat whole foods, get exercise. All of those have been shown to improve microbial diversity. You can, your microbiome has its own circadian rhythm. So if you're disrupting your sleep like being on call and we're all that that definitely affects it. We know that there's for those people that do shift work. It definitely affects their life expectancy. And it could very well be because it keeps disrupting the microbiome. Talking all things digestion, it made a lot of sense to bring in. One of our sponsors, that is Ned. Hello, Ned. When you think about digestion, you have to think about rest and digest. The parasympathetic nervous system. And of course, what does that require? It requires you to be chill. That's exactly why I love mellow. Hence the name mellow. It has three different forms of Qulated magnesium. It has alphiene. It has GABA. It has other amino acids to help chill you out. If you want to have a great night's sleep and you want to be able to rest and digest your food, then you have to check out mellow. T-screate comes in a cute little packet. If you so choose those and by the way, you can get yours at helloned.com. That's helloned.com and they have mellow magnesium. You'll get 15% off if you use my code, Dr. Lyon. That's hello, Ned. 15% off. Use the code, Dr. Lyon. Now back to our episode. We have to re-evaluate the way physicians go through training. Yeah. I mean, for those listening physicians, depending on your specialty, we'll be on call every second, third day for 24 hours. Yeah. Fortunately, I think everybody is at a stage of their life where they can handle it. But if you continue that throughout your career, I think that that's really where it starts affecting you. Use that something that I just want to bring attention to. You said protecting your healthy microbiome, which makes me think, I think, in term of muscle. And basically in midlife, muscle, you can always build muscle, but really maintaining the health of skeletal muscle is key. As we are young and you're working out and you're moving and you're building your tendons and you're training, the health of skeletal muscle, one would argue, hits kind of a pinnacle at 30. And the key is to maintain that strength and power output to avoid this decline. It makes me think the microbiome is almost a parallel organism or parallel organ system in and in of itself. How influential can we actually be on the microbiome and does one need to much like the maintenance of skeletal muscle continue to do those things. So for example, if you were to completely shift your diet and you were to do that for three months, what kind of influence in a meaningful way, if someone is listening to this and eating a standard American diet or is struggling with obesity or being overweight, what kind of meaningful influence can they have on shipping the microbiome and how long does that last or is this such a dynamic process that it is something like your bracelet that one has to do every day. It's a very dynamic process and it's fairly easily done. The problem is that when people on January 1st, I have a whole clinic full of people who become in January 1st and they're like, I don't know what it is. I've turned over New Leaf, I quit eating fast food and I'm eating all whole food, many of them or like I'm going to go vegetarian. And they'll come in and they're miserable. And part of the issue is that not only is it the increase in fiber and things like that, but what's happened is you don't have the right microbiome to even utilize the nutrients that you're giving it. And so what I try and tell my patients is think of it that you have to have the right microbiome to unlock the capability of the fuel that you're giving it. It's like trying to gas up a Tesla if you're giving it the wrong fuel or vice versa, if you pull a big diesel truck up to a Tesla station, you've got fuel, wrong microbiome, you might have the right microbiome, but you keep just rupting it with the wrong fuel. So it plays such a big role because once you can get to the point where your body really tolerates it, which is why I think you're saying when we talked earlier about how microbiomes can be very regional because everybody's microbiome starts to tolerate this recurring diet that isn't all over the place. Like here, standard American diet, I have a lot of patients that will come from wherever. I had an Israeli person that's like, this is crazy. He's like, like, got to all messed up. Everybody at work, they want to have Mexican today. They want to have Chinese tomorrow. They want to have whatever they want to have whatever they want to have. And he said in Israel, it's a very standard version of a few things. It's more of a Mediterranean style diet. So yes, you definitely can change the microbial profile, but a lot of times people get miserable miserable in the process because they're not ready for it. They jump all in. So it's kind of an ease in process. Once you have that, we do know with human studies within 28 days of taking in this particular case, it's not so much a diet study, but making sure that they're feeding it specific things like large complex polyphenols. Which what we're being example of that? So in example would be Cabracho, which is a large tanon. I don't even know what that is. Cabracho is really one of the world's not world. So you're saying I should know what this is? No, you shouldn't because it's one of the things that I studied way back when. That was one of the few things I found that could actually decrease methane when I was describing this study earlier without a pimentel. That's how I went down that path and discovered that we were using Cabracho Colorado as a food source. Very cattle to decrease methane production because it was being produced by the same RK of actor that is happening in C-bomb. It's fascinating. But the study that was done was 28 days giving healthy individuals two large tanons, Cabracho and chestnut, during my cranial analysis first and then checking it later and then checking metabolites first and checking it later. So what's really cool about this is that there was a slight improvement in the microbial diversity but they were already healthy. So keep that in mind this was healthy volunteers. But there was an exponential increase in the metabolites. Which is the metabolites that are I had a good friend of mine Suzanne Devkoda. Do you know Suzanne? She actually is a Cedar Sinai. She heads up the microbial microbiome institute. Oh, just. Pretty amazing. And she was talking about that it's really not about the gopmicrobite that the bacteria have found the metabolites that they produce and it's about the metabolites that the foods that we eat like for example, a kombucha. It's not about what's in the kombucha it's about the metabolites in the kombucha or the metabolites that are leveraged by the gopmicrobite. Yes. And so the side note on that what we don't know is that can you take these metabolites and will they actually absorb or will they be destroyed? That's one of the questions that are still kind of out there. But it's the metabolites or everything. And the metabolites are this new place and people are like all things. Somebody will discover something and figure out, well, buterates are great example. Oh, buterates good for you. Okay. Let's make a supplement and put buterate in it. Well, it turns out it gets destroyed. It tastes horrible. It doesn't it doesn't really bump the actual buterate and it's a dynamic thing. But once you start making these changes, you only need a little bit of improvement to actually have these metabolites. And it's not just those. It's not just that. So a study was done with one of our PhDs that we work with where she did an in vitro analysis where she put these large same tanons. She did her thesis on tanons. Because you want to hear the same thing. She's like the world's biggest expert on this. And the tanons are the compound that's in the chestnut or the other chestnut in the Cabracho. Cabracho. Tannons? All right. So polyphenols are the molecules that make vegetables and fruits colorful. That's what gives them their color. That's what makes the Mediterranean diet healthy for you. What people don't realize is that polyphenols is just this big umbrella term. And there's all these different types of polyphenols that fall under that category. It's almost like having genus and species. But the large ones that are, it starts out as a small phenolic compound. And then mother nature attacks on a couple more smaller phenolic compounds. And then we have a recognizable molecule. So what she showed is that when the chestnut and the Cabracho are metabolized by the microbiome, she published a paper where she did a mass spec on the various compounds that came out. And it was fascinating because in there are recognizable polyphenols that people buy, like green tea extract, EGCG. Yes. And then the chastity which is there. And catacons and flavinols and all these others. So what's happening is that mother nature has this way of putting these molecules together to be larger and larger and larger. So the way that I kind of describe it is you have all these little Lego pieces. And then they're put together and you have this big majestic ship or casserole or anything that you like building out of Legos. And then those go through your digestive tract, undigested and they make it to your microbiome where your microbiome will then break it down and they just start disassembling these Lego pieces. And it's these smaller pieces which then can help to break down the different compounds that we're eating and things like that. Which maybe one of the reasons why the diversity, it's very important but if you're feeding it what it wants, then by breaking this down, then you're going to get the benefit of all these other things that are going on. It's these metabolites that are happening. So not all polyphenols are created equal. So I'll have patients come in and they'll be taking five or six things over the counter when if you have the right microbiome then you can just take a large complex polyphenol. If you don't have the right microbiome, you're probably wasting your money. A lot of different supplements that we talk about. This is a whole separate discussion because I haven't really been able to figure this one out yet. We know that there's so many things that are poorly absorbed. Quarciton, Burberry. I mean, you name any one of these things are all poorly absorbed. Everybody's trying to figure out, we have a highly absorbable version of this. There's been some recent data about people having these very highly absorbable curcumants, but we're also seeing in my world liver damage from people taking curcumants supplements. Why is that? It could be that we're really not supposed to be absorbing these. We're supposed to be giving them to our microbiome that then breaks it down. That's actually into the beneficial thing. That's a whole separate deal because in the supplement where everybody's trying to figure out how to make things more absorbable. And maybe they're completely missing the mark that it's not actually the curcumant. It's the metabolite that the curcumant produces from the microbiome. Basically, the next advancement in medicine, the way I see it, I'm sure the way that you see it, is that we can actually identify and prescribe certain kind of nutrition plans and certain foods, based on an individual's gut microbiome. Or do you think that that is unnecessary? No, I think it would be fantastic if we could sit there and look at this and have an idea of what it is. It's maybe one of the reasons why certain like some people just completely love certain diets. And they do well with it. I believe that to be true. My son said that she's like, is your son going to be a gastroenterologist? No, my son is not going to be a gastroenterologist. Astronauts happen. Astronaut maybe. He's in the College of Engineering right now. So he just happens to be a very insightful good kid and they've watched, they've watched their dad come home and can't turn it off ever. You don't say. I think that that is something that plays all of us. Yeah, so they've seen the journey. But they said, you know, people go around and they get all these genetic tests. And they want to know the 23 and me and ancestry.com and everything. He's like, doesn't it seem more likely that they should kind of figure out where their true origin was? And what they ate in that area? And meaning that there are very healthy people that they could only eat plants in this area. And that's what they did. Is it possible that they evolved in a way where that is? There's people over here that really had a higher meat source and they did really well with that. So is it to microbiome? Is it the genetics who knows? But it's kind of interesting. I frankly agree with you and I've thought a lot about it because the thing that divides us more than anything is that from politics is nutrition. Is that funny? It is funny. And we have built these concepts based on foundational truths. As if everybody is equal. For example, it takes two and a half grams of looseine or 30 grams of dietary protein to stimulate muscle through this mechanism called amtour. We can safely say that looking at skeletal muscle that this is the trigger point. Now, the question becomes how come certain nutritional patterns work really well? And for many people and I would say probably 90% of the population will do really well with reducing carbohydrates and increasing their fiber and optimizing for dietary protein. But I can't help but wonder and think about which goes to your point and I have thought about this a lot that there are certain individuals that may do really well being vegetarian or vegan and it completely transforms their life. I believe that it all has to do with the gut microbiome and that there's early studies that would indicate potentially that the gut microbiome can produce some of these amino acids that are actually essential amino acids that flies in the face of even the term essential amino acids. And that if we can pinpoint who does better, you know, and I guess it's trial and error, but if we could be more involved in that clinical decision making or help guide people, then I think that the health trajectories would improve. Yeah, I think it can only improve because we know that these metabolites will let's look at your world. So you're familiar with myostat and follow statin. So we know that a metabolite from amino acid triptophan that is in absorbed, it's converted to IPA, which is indulged through pro-Priyonic acid. Well done sir. Thank you. We got a lot of the math here. So this is a stepping on some stuff I haven't thought about a long time. So, you know, in IPA has been shown to increase follow statin, which decreases myostat. And so now we've got a model of how this could actually microbiome can directly affect muscle growth just on that one aspect. We know that butarate actually decreases the inflammatory response and can sometimes increase the stem cells with other muscle fibers which are nearby. So there's like another example. We know that inflammation in itself makes muscle growth difficult. So we have all these different things to play into it. So if you can decrease the inflammatory aspect in your entire body, then the gut plays, one of the biggest roles to do that. So you talked about the large polyphenols, takes 28 days or so to maybe... In one study. But I mean, it's probably if we were to give a number to think about like a gut reset, I'll just throw that out in a silly kind of term. But, you know, a period of time that someone should think about potentially moving the gut microbiome in a meaningful way based on oral intake. I'm not talking about exercise which probably has immediate, albeit short-lived kind of influences. The large polyphenols are there other things that individuals that you think that all individuals should ingest to improve. And I know we just have to say this cautiously improve their gut microbiome because, again, baseline everything is different for everybody. Are there other foods or things that you think that people should all be using, whether they are fermented foods. And I know this kind of moves us into small intestinal bacteria overgrowth because things like fermented foods might not be good for someone that has small intestinal people. What's interesting about fermented foods that I love as opposed to just traditional probiotics? Where that's a whole separate, hairy world. But the data is pretty soft on whether they're actually better than placebo long term, at least in my world. When I go to my studies, when we go to conferences and things, though long term data shows that probiotics probably are, quote, traditional or probably equivalent to placebo. Just straight up. But as I tell all my patients, if you get a benefit from it, then you're having a benefit from it. And that's all that matters. But what we do know is that with fermented foods, especially those like kimchi and sourcrout, we know that the probiotic or the bacteria inside is protected by an insoluble shell. And so I really like those a lot because now you're basically writing insoluble fiber with fermented food down. Hopefully they're producing them at satellites like your friend was talking about. And that's a wonderful, you know, something that we need to get more into to see if we can actually increase the metabolites and so on. But so fermented foods is great. And we know that polyphenols are great. And we know that fiber is great. So any prebiotic by definition is wonderful for your microbiome. It doesn't really matter which one's better or worse if you just have a bunch of it. And if you hold foods, you're going to get a bunch of it. Do you care what kind of fiber, whether it is soluble insoluble, are there, do you have certain favorite foods that you think are valuable for everybody? Or is it just based on something? It's just based on preference. I think that both insoluble and soluble work together. We do know that they can actually help decrease the glucose spike if having a lot of carbs. That actually helps to prevent your body from reacting to it and producing the insulin. I'm less into nutrition in the sense of there's so much noise out there. I like to sort of defer to the dietitians that I work with and let them have longer conversations. Because the way that I'm, I guess the best I feel and I've tried a bunch of different things. But the best I feel and looking at the data that I know, I like 80% carnivore, 85% carnivore, and I take polyphenols as a supplement. Yeah. And so I take polyphenols as a supplement and I take my fiber traditionally soluble fiber because it's just easier insoluble. It would just be like the vegetables and stuff. And my blood work which is great. My CRP is absolutely nothing. And so I mean at least on paper it looks good. Physically I feel good. I just got to kind of watch the other advice a little wine. Which has, I guess, polyphenols in it. It doesn't, maybe not a bottle. But you know, can. And by the way, if you guys are listening to this and not looking at it, can is jacked. And I think that that's how we first became jacked. And that's what I'm not overselling. It is very true. Can has always been super fit and jacked. And I think I probably ran into you at the gym and an event initially many, many years ago. All right, do you want to know what I drink in the morning that is a little bit salty and gives me a huge pick me up? Well, I'm going to tell you. And that is element chocolate element that's LMNT in my coffee. I brew a black cup of coffee with a shot of espresso and then I put a scoop of collagen and a little bit of MCT oil in it. And one fourth packet of element chocolate. Sometimes I use chocolate mint. I've also saved chocolate caramel. It's kind of this like chocolatey caramel. Amazing. So I get my caffeine. I get some collagen for of course, here's going to nails. And I get electrolytes in my coffee. Sodium, potassium, magnesium, all amazing. I have now created my own supercharged drink, which you can to. And by the way, this is a different way to take element. That's a little packet of electrolytes. If you get headaches, maybe you get headaches with your caffeine because you dehydrate yourself or maybe you get headaches because you sweat a lot while training or maybe you just live in Texas where it's hot. And so you definitely sweat a lot. You definitely get headaches. And this is why I love to add electrolytes to what I'm drinking. And it can be coffee, it can be water. lately it's been coffee and it tastes amazing. You can get yours at drink element. That's drink lmnt.com. You'll get a free sample pack. When you use the code a doctor lion and by the way, if you don't like it, it's totally risk free. You'll get your money back. No questions asked. I love this stuff. You will too. Back to the show. I want to talk about this whole idea of irritable bowel syndrome. I actually treat a ton of gastrointestinal challenges in my clinic. Whether it is quote irritable bowel, whether it is constipation. I do want to discuss parasitology just as kind of a, I want to mention it. But what percent, your population is skewed. Everyone is coming in with GI issues. But what are some of the top symptoms that people come in and complain about to you? So let me just basically describe my second opinion patient. Somebody comes to me and they've seen several doctors. They've had multiple tests. They have been labeled as having irritable bowel syndrome because that is a trash can diagnosis. The actual wrong criteria that our society uses is you have abdominal pain, relieved with defecation lasting longer than three months. If you fall into that category, you're being labeled as irritable bowel. I've always had a problem with that because you can have opposing symptoms. You can have irritable bowel with constipation or you can have irritable bowel with diarrhea. Now in medicine, we're always trying to find a unifying diagnosis. Which is important because we have to be able to, I have to be able to call you up and say can. This person has x y and z. Yeah, it's the old ockham's razor. We have this disease irritable bowel that affects greater than 20 percent of the US population. It's probably more than that, right? Probably much more than 20 percent that have actually sought care. And they have opposing symptoms. That's always bothered me. That's why it was so exciting when the concept that Dr. Pymitell figured out, which is bacteria causing this, if the bacteria produce hydrogen sulfide, you will have diarrhea. If the bacteria produce methane, you'll have constipation. That's an aha moment for me because all these people are coming in. Now the questions that I ask my patients is by the way, I know that you have these judicious. Are you bloated? All of them bloated. Do you care where the bloating is? Is it full belly bloating? Is it below the belly button? Do you care? A little bit, let me get into the history of it. I care more about the timing. Are you bloated? 20 minutes after you eat? 30 minutes after you eat? Are you bloated more when you eat carbohydrates? Are you bloated in the morning when you wake up? Because the thing is is that if people feel full, then a lot of times people misinterpret what that word bloating is because it means different things. But if somebody wakes up and they're completely bloated in the bloating never goes away, typically that is more of a functional constipation thing. That's more of that. But if somebody wakes up flat, eats a carbohydrate rich meal and then they blow up. Well then that tells me that this is the person that has been labeled as having irritable bowel syndrome. The problem is is that they go in, they get told that they have a baby. They wake up in recovery at an endoscopy center and they say great news Gabrielle. Column was perfect andoscopy was perfect. You just have a baby S. You get up and you walk out and you go, I still don't feel good. I still have bloating and then I ask the questions, you have brain fog, you have fatigue, you know, you're in trouble sleeping because all these things play into it and then that tells me more that there's more going on. What I want to change the paradigm shift in this thing is that bloating is so pervasive that it is considered normal. I mean literally it's like, well everybody blows, right? Well not Matthew. No. My producer never. But the, um, but I kind of think of bloating is the canary in the mind shaft. That's the first warning sign that your gut is unhappy because you're not able to tolerate the foods that you're giving it. Whether the timing of it 30 minutes or it's several hours, I'll get really bloated in super gassy and that tells me your micro biome probably is not ready to handle the food that you're giving it. Either way what we're talking about is an unhealthy gut or the beginnings of an unhealthy gut. And we know that if you let that go on, then in the lining of the intestines, you have very, very tight junctions and the purpose of this is to take in the outside world selectively and make sure that you defend yourself also if it's something that's there. And we call that the tight junction. Over time, the bloating is a signal that this is early inflammatory process in the gut and when this takes place, then you start developing more of a porous gut. Leaky gut and functional terms and testle permeability if we're talking to a medical doctor. It's funny how I use different words to get into the gut. I'm talking to. So bloating is the most common symptom. And if you have bloating that's a canary in the mind shaft because now we're starting to look at all these people that have end-stage diseases and we're doing retrospective analysis on them and going, oh, wait a minute. Your husband had dementia, your husband had severe dementia. Did he ever have any gut issues? You know what? 20 years ago, he really started complaining about his gut and it just never went away. Yes. And so that's why I'm saying that the incidence of autoimmune disease, the incidence of cancer, the incidence of all these things continue to rise. Why is that? I mean, we have a generation which is, you know, dying younger than the generation before. Very weird. What's going on? Well, what could be going on is that we're allowed the warning sign to become normal. So bloating is number one. Bloating is by far number. Bloating is the most common symptom. Any gas one or all edges will see and it's not constipation. Well, the people will always start with the bloating. So constipation is super super common but the symptom is, I feel bloated because you can be constipated on paper. In other words, you may not have a bowel movement for four days, but if that's your norm, then you don't consider yourself constipated. You don't consider yourself constipated. You can be bloated one day and not have gone to the bathroom and you're, you consider yourself constipated. So it's a perception of whatever your normal is. But the point is is that the most common symptom is bloating and it's not even included in any of the diagnostic criteria for irritable bowel syndrome, which is super weird. That is right. And what would be once someone talks about bloating, are you immediately then thinking, what is the next step? Are you thinking, okay, well, let me see how advanced the, I hate to use the word disease. But how advanced is the disease? Do we need to start looking at xanulin and calprotectin or is what is the first step after someone comes in and says, Dr Brown, I'm bloated. Hate to be really boring about this, but the history, history, give me a history. Like, what happens if somebody comes in and they're like, you know, if had diarrhea, I'm like, do you get bloated after you eat? I do, I guess I'm a little more dizzy. When were you last normal? What do you mean? I'm like, when do you last recall not having issues? It's like, oh, you're funny. You bring that up. It was after I got food poisoning. Yeah, it's right before I had my honeymoon. And then it's I had my honeymoon and I got sick where the Dominican Republic and I've never been right since. And that is so a history of that. Now I'm making his sharp turn towards, okay, let's worry about bacterial overgrowth. Somebody that has that I'd had absolute issues my entire life and do you wake up bloated? Yes, do you feel like you can go to the bathroom? No, do you spend a lot of time on the toilet, whatever, then we start talking about childhood. If they've had stuff for a long time. Oh, now we're dealing with functional conservation, possibly pelvic floor issues. Okay. And then you start going down that route. And so everything in the history to me just sort of dictates what the next test is going to be. Let's talk about small intestinal bacteria overgrowth because it is so pervasive. And when I was looking at some of Pimentale's research and some of the research, he really pointed out that something happens, that and you and I were talking previously right before we started recording that one in nine people that get food poisoning, whether it's camp la bactre or I think that there are three other main bacteria that cause food poisoning. Those individuals, one in nine and I think it's higher. You'd mentioned that it's higher. Yeah, I think it's significantly higher than that. We'll get small intestinal bacteria overgrowth. And if that is left untreated, then it becomes an autoimmune disease. That if it's left untreated, then that intestinal permeability allows you or you have a guard or cell called a dendrite, which reaches up grab samples the outside world. If it happens to sample the shell of a bacteria, a lipopolisaccharide called LPS, then it hands it to a B cell that B cell goes, well, that shouldn't be there. Let's call the troops in. And then they call the troops in turn on the inflammatory cascade cytokines, recruit more white blood cells. And now we've got our immune system, which is turned on. But it's not really fighting anything. Meaning it's not really, you can't go into the looming and get rid of the bacteria, but the bacteria is constantly pinging the immune system. Well, people that are genetically predisposed that heightened immune system eventually will find its way to the thing that causes RA or celiac disease or crone. They're all sort of collitis. So the model of a 100%. Okay. 100%. I want to pause here because this is really important. We're talking about gut health. We're talking about small intestinal bacteria overgrowth. We're talking about the triggering effect of a bacteria like food poisoning. And it sounds like it could really be anything. It could be any kind of gut dispiruses, but we could just pinpoint that something happens that creates this insult in the gut. And then it triggers the rest of the body to have a flare up of whatever that person is genetically predisposed to, whether it is crones or Hashimoto's, which is thyroid or rheumatoid arthritis, that the canary in the coal mine or the the linchpin is really the insult of the gut. Yeah. So over time, that we think that's one model to which can lead to autoimmune disease. Probably leads to all kinds of other diseases. Yes, sir. Because it's inflammation, but if we come back to the same thing. The other thing is when we're talking about sampling the outside world, this cells that they get turned on, they actually once it hits a mass cell, one of the, you know, white blood cells that can release histamine and different other things, it can actually touch the entire nerve, which goes directly to the central nervous system, which is why many people have brain fog fatigue, things like this, anxiety, when their gut isn't right, because there's a direct connection. More so, the indirect is through the vagus nerve, but we're talking a direct connection cell to cell, it goes all the way up. And you can have this brain gut connection going on. And so that's possibly contributing to the dementia later in life, but it's all tied in, which is what we're just learning. The more more, more, we learn about it, the more that it's all interconnected. And do you test for a small intestinal bacteria overgrowth? I do want to hit this because there are tests like anti-viculantest in this idea that then shows that there's this autoimmune component directly in the gut that then can cause chronic constipation if small intestinal bacteria overgrowth gets out of hand and then causes this autoimmune response, ultimately affecting these viculant, right, so viculant, you should probably explain better than that. Yeah, the anti-viculant antibody is what they're testing. Because that is, as I understand it, part of the motor units in the gut that helps with mortality. So when we talk about C-Bell, we're really talking about a mortality issue. What's going on that allows this bacteria to keep growing? Why can somebody show up with years of this problem? The model is that some insult happens. Dr. Pimentel's research in the lab that he has a really looking at them, and he's very academic, which I love. So it's, it's, you need a breath test, you need to check this blood work. The C-Bell breath test. The C-Bell breath test, the trio breath smart, is his, his particular one that he's involved with that company. And you need to check everybody for this, these autoimmune panels. What ends up happening is, is that when your body fights an infection like canphalobacterium, the antibodies produce to kill canphalobacterium, happen to be very similar, or the antibody happens to fit. It's like a lock and key mechanism. It happens to fit very nicely on vinculin, so it's an anti-vinculin antibody, and it makes the vinculin not work. This is the equivalent of having two telephone poles, and you're supposed to conduct an electrical current between the two, but you shut off one, so the current goes here and then just stops. And now there's no current to the next one, and there has to be an alternate route to keep that going. In that area where it's shut off, because of the anti-vinculin antibodies, then bacteria can start to grow. And that's the model of having recrypt bacteria overgrowth, which is very hard to get rid of. So I don't always do that. I get people that have already spent a lot of money, and I like to just get the history. I'm less academic and purely clinical in this setting, or somebody's paying their money to come to me. I like to treat them. And so I will treat frequently if the history is right. And I'll care what the breath test shows and that's what you treat it. The depends on if they have conservation or diarrhea. Let's talk about it. Well, so we talk about polyphenols, and so the polyphenols is my world, the complex polyphenols, and so I develop the product specifically for this, so we always use that. And that's our frontier. It's called our truntil, and so I always use our truntil. And how do you do that? Two capsules, three times a day, for a minimum of 30 days, that whole thing of time. It takes time. It does. And the reason why we talk about the microbiome is one of the things that intrigued me was some people that take it, they get worse before they get better. We thought it was always dieoff, dieoff meaning that, oh, it's because we're killing these archaic backdoor and they're releasing their their their last moment. Yeah, they're last fall and they're like, yeah, they're like flu like symptoms, but now I'm actually thinking it probably has more to do with the inability to break down these large complex polyphenols because your microbiome is it right? When I did my initial study, so we did clinical trials on this randomized trials. People that didn't respond, some of them were coming back in and they're still on it. I'm like, I thought I thought it didn't work. They're like, I know, but I kept taking it and sometimes weird. It's just, I'm just feeling better now. And it took me a long time to figure out they're probably adapting to the ability to get the most out of it, meaning that it's not absorbed so you need the microbiome there. So I use our truntil. Almost always we use xifaxin as a prescription. Can we talk about that? Zifaxin is a medication that is FDA approved for small intestine bacteria overgrowth. FDA approved for irritable bowel with diarrhea and I'll go ahead irritable bowel with diarrhea. So the reason why I say that is is that it's irritable bowel with diarrhea because if you pay. Yeah, if you put sebo, which is a code, the insurance will deny it. So it's very funny that I'm like, listen, we all know that this is the same thing. I've used to diarrhea being treated with zifaxin. So it's zifaxin 5. 53 times a day. And Dr. Pimentel studies were always two weeks. I do a full or I'm, I do a full 28 days. Yes, same with one refill. So do 28 days or do you do two weeks with one refill or do you do 28 days with one refill? What the insurance will allow me to do? So I think I can only get 40 times a time. It's all just trying to play games because it's absurdly expensive if you can't get insurance to pay. Couple thousand dollars. Just nuts. So I do zifaxin. And if there's constipation with it, sometimes I'll add neomison. And I dose it 500 or three times a day. The, you'll see that the prescribing dosings 500 BID. And you use the neomison three times a day with zifaxin. With zifaxin. And these are people that have come that have failed a bunch of things. So I'm throwing the kit. This is my kitchen sink. I'll take the kitchen sink. Roger that. And then we ought to do something for the motility at night. So when we're talking about that motility, when ends up happening is when that vinculin antibody binds to the electrical pole, telephone pole, whatever you want to call it. At night, when we go to sleep, another reason to make sure that you have deep restful sleep is that every 90 minutes, something called the migrating motor complex, or the housekeeper phenomenon takes place. So every 90 minutes while you're asleep, a large electrical impulse starts in the stomach and goes sweeps through your whole small bowel and dumps everything into the cold. And that is the housekeeper phenomenon, which is what it's called. I just learned I have never heard of that before. Really? Yeah. This is probably the key to getting people fixed because you treat them during the day then they go to bed. And if you don't have that swishing of getting rid of it, you don't, if you don't let the housekeeper come in and sweep up the small intestine, the bacteria that remain just regrow. So the key here is to do a multility agent while they sleep. And we're kind of limited on these as the problem. What does Lodos and Tricksown fall into that? What kind of or is that Lodos or with her mice? And what are you using for multility agents? And why do we, why are we limited? I have not, I tried to find the data on LDN specifically for gastric MDN, specifically related to migrating motor complex. It's a little hard to find hard science on LDN regarding that kind of thing. And have you had an LDN expert on your show? I haven't. And if you get somebody who really knows it's a try and talk about that. Yeah, we probably have to get a pharmacist who did clinical research. I'll look. Oh, I'm supposed to have somebody on our show and they live here in Houston. Great. I forgot about that. Yeah. I'll interview them first on camera. Let me see if they're good. I'm a little bit selfish sometimes on our podcast because I like to bring people on that I can learn something from. I always bring people on. That's why you podcast. Listeners and watchers and viewers and friends. You guys think that I'm doing this for you. Well, I am, but I always bring guests that I feel I can learn from and that they can learn from. Yeah. Is not why we have the podcast? Yeah, and find topics where people can cover something like that. But you brought up the LDN. So no, I'm not using LDN for that. What we have used some a rithromycin. But right now the thing that seems to be working pretty well is motegridy, which is per caliparine. Yeah, but yes, motegridy always use that at night. That's that is does not affect the serotonin system. So it turns out that it does because there's some side effects that people have from it. That are. Yeah, like mood dysregulation and things like that. But it stimulates the five HT4 serotonin receptor, which is what we're trying to go for. So it's per caliparine really low dose. I've 1 milligram trying to add that at night. Now this is the kitchen sink and the kitchen sink never gets paid for for me. So I can never get all this. Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I've a solution for you. And that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker. My friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and use are friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on. ApoB. It never stops. And by the way, if you are a professional annual of clients inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized healthcare and listen, blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off, 10% off. Anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off go to inside tracker.com like inside tracking your body, use the code doctor, lion, and do not wait if you are due for your blood work, give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. Could we potentially use this enomptalking calling to colleague? Could we potentially use something like magnesium citrate? Because it's just that we want, is it that we want the Paris stall state that para, you'll say for me, stall stall state? Yes, wave or could we, or were just trying to move things through? So we could potentially, I hate to say give them a little diarrhea, but maybe increase magnesium citrate to have them go to the bathroom at night or even magnesium oxide, as a motility agent. So my experiences, those are modifications, meaning they're hyper concentrated. So magnesium oxide, magnesium citrate, they draw water in. It's the drawing of the water in that goes through. You may get a little bit of a contraction, but the reality is that the liquid itself will make its way through without having this large sweeping wave. And what I mean by the migrating motor complexes, if you look at a monometry, meaning the muscular contraction, it is a wave that travels down. So it is an actual ringing of your intestines. And so it's definitely something about the contractions, probably related to cell turnover, probably related to increased blood flow, all those things in the small bowel. The magnesium citrate in oxide are really good as modic wax. That's why when it gets to the colon, it draws water in. When the water is drawn into the colon, if it gets stretched a little bit, the reflex of the colon is to contract, which is how fiber works, it stretches the colon a little bit, and then it basically contracts and keeps everything moving. The problem with those is that if you are already somebody that feels quite bloated, you can actually add quite a bit of fluid, that's where merilacs also makes my patients feel pretty miserable. Okay. Because are you having a bowel movement? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Or the doctor stops some great. You have an bowel movement. But yeah, but they're still kind of miserable. So do you test for small intestinal bacteria overgrowth? Or do you say, okay, basically I don't need to test, but if you have bloating and diarrhea, you have small intestinal bacteria overgrowth, we are going to treat you with zifaxin and neomisin. This is assuming somebody's come with the second opinion. I can make sure that they don't have something else. Okay. Yeah. Because there's always, I mean, there's always a leave in andometriosis or something else. Yeah. Well, not even that, but like in my world, there will come as a second opinion for gastroenterologist. So I at least know that they don't have Crohn's ulcerative colitis, celiac disease. Got it. To make sure we're not missing some underlying colitis stuff. But I guess selfishly I'm asking this question because I always do a broth test because I because there's also there's methane, give me the three. Hydrogen sulfide and hydrogen and hydrogen and then there can be a mix, right? How do you treat each one of those? So the beauty of the hydrogen sulfide one is they're being pimentoni company. They've isolated the type of, I think it's an e-coli that actually produces that. But the hydrogen sulfide are sulfide reducing bacteria. There's just a lot of them. Right. It's easier to treat. So those get treated with zifaxin and I mean, the same regiments going to be there. And did they have diarrhea or constipation? Typically, they will have diarrhea. Okay. Hydrogen sulfide people. And then it all comes down to hydrogen being produced. So you have bacteria that break down the food before you can. They release hydrogen. If you have arcaya bactor on one side, the arcaya bactor says, you know what? I like that. It grabs a hydrogen, it grabs four of them through an enzymatic process, produces methane. Other bacteria like you know what? I like that. I just need a couple hydrogen over here and they'll produce hydrogen sulfide. Problem with the breath test that I run into is that when I have a good history, I'm like let's try treating so I don't have to worry about this. The breath test can be really variable and we're learning this. I see that all the time. Yeah, and we're learning more and more because there's something called a food marble. Have you heard of this? I haven't. I'm learning something else. So it's a company out of Ireland that we've been doing some work with and they're actually doing their own study on us. But it's a pocket breath test. It started out to figure out what food you would have food intolerances to. And then they quickly realize it may not just be food intolerance. They could be bacteria overgrowth. And so what foods are triggering more of the gases? And so you eat and then you blow into it, it goes up to the cloud and it shows what gas you're actually producing. Right now it cannot find hydrogen sulfide but it can't do hydrogen and methane. But what we're seeing with this is we've got people that those food marbles respond to certain things and then it'll change within 12 hours. And so is the breath test of a snapshot? Is it done the exact same way every single time? Is it possible that there's variables? I only say this because I still use lots of breath tests but I like to use it to either guide me one way or the other like is this really we're just barking up the wrong tree here? Or why aren't you responding? And here's an example that I've learned with breath tests. So I've had people that have come in and they're just classic. It's like there's just no way you're not going to get better. Great historians they want to get better at things. And I only say that because as you know there are patients that have identified with their disease so long that it's not. I don't know if I'll ever get you better no matter what but you're not sick that's the important thing. But I've seen certain cases and I actually was on a webinar with Dr. Pimentel and I brought this up and he's like not I've never heard of that. Okay but I've seen the breath test spike very early. Yes. So we're talking 15 minutes into this thing very early and then come down. Everything we're giving them probably hasn't even hit. Yeah or it's hit and gone through but has it opened up yet. So we've got Zyfax and which is still and it's compressed little tablet that isn't dissolved yet and so we're missing it. So these people just everything we're giving them and so I've had good success by changing that break in tablets. Doing stuff let's get those let's get the medication available to the early part of the doodinum where you're growing all this stuff based on your breath test or opposite. You have a very high spike late so you're somewhere in the distal small bowel. I want to go up on the dose of everything because we need to get more concentrations to get there because by the time it gets there it's diluted a little bit. So I use breath test a lot for that. I use breath test a lot for trying to see if the correlation of the symptoms correlates with the breath test if there is then we do like a food marble and I take this home and see if we find a pattern with this. So I don't I don't do that with everybody. A lot of the other people in the civil world definitely do. They say you have to get a breath test you have to do this but I'm that rather you know. When do you decide to add in neomycin? Is that the only other additional medication that you'll use? So zi fax in which we should say is a really I might be partial but it's a really amazing antibiotic. It seems if what I read is correct and maybe something you know new hasn't come out since I read it but it stays in the gut. It is not a essentially systemic antibiotic it stays in the gut it can help with almost resetting the I don't want to sync up microbiome but yeah definitely does not affect the gut microbiome adversely or beneficial. We've known that actually we're trying to look at different things for treating like ulcerative colitis with it. So the key to treatment for cibo is intraluminal delivery. Intraluminal delivery meaning it poorly absorb things are the things that are going to help which is why traditional antibiotics that get absorbed you may get some benefit in a small bowel for some of it but you're absorbing them which ultimately is going to disrupt your microbiome. So we get really cautious about throwing antibiotics at people and you know hoping that it'll make the bacteria go away. The large polyphenols are unabsorbed as well so that's a whole concept of why that's there. The ciboatro itself has all these hydroxyl bonds on the outside and it works like a hydrogen sink and it's one of the few plants that can actually damage the archaic factor or the methane producing type of bacteria. The funny thing about zifaxin is that when we did the studies with them so we were me and my research manager were one office in a suburb of Dallas and the other sites that were enrolled seeter cyanide malt cyanide Johns Hopkins Mayo just all the usual heavy hitters they were all enrolling and as it turned out we were the leading enrolling site in the whole country not because of bragging rights because I didn't know well enough because an FDA agent showed up at my office. Not because of what? Yes what? Okay. Be a brand new researcher in the leading enrolling site but what was really interesting about it is that that definitely shows the difference between academic center where you have fellows recruiting and the number of people and just sheer volume of a traditional community practice but what was wild is my results were way better and I was part of the clinical trial so that's I'm randomized. I don't know what's going on but but when they uncovered it my results were way better than what they actually ended up publishing with a cumulative data total it was like six nine percent better than placebo by a result or way better than that and I think it comes down to choosing the right person talking about it and most important compliance the compliance of taking it for that full in this and the study was only 14 days but taking it at least three times a day, 14 days with the zyfaxin very few side effects outside of cost that's the only problem with it is basically the cost and the other treatments that we've got zyfaxin neomycin is there any it the reason why the neomycin is there is because the zyfaxin really does not work against this archaic factor the omycin has a little bit of a fact against it so a couple studies came out with showed some benefit taking both of them to help with the constipation in that introduction. Any other medications used for the treatment of zyba? Oh boy yes I use a lot of different things so and do you use a lot of different things and I think that one of the reasons is I'm diving so deep into zyba is because I think that all of us either clinicians or people listening either have it or haven't countered it. Again it's this bloating it's this diarrhea or constipation I mean it seems as if it is going to affect all of us in some way or another whether we have it or a patient or client and we have to really get clear that there is some good signs behind it about what potentially could be and there's some really good potential treatments and it's really important to treat because if left unchecked once an individual gets damaged to these vicarilin or kind of these motor units I think it's very difficult to fix chronic constipation and it seems to affect autoimmunity and inflammation as a lifeline problem. Yeah for sure and I think that that's why it's so important for me to sit there and say we don't always have to put them in this perfect box I don't always need this antibody blood test I don't always need this breath test what I need is for your gut to heal. How we do it? Well let's try some different things we're going to definitely go down if you have the history and you sound like sebo we definitely need to do that the beauty of using some natural products is that even if you're not getting rid of what you think is the sebo you're at least helping the microbiome for instance there's other things that are going on that we've been doing I came out of for my patients I have what I call a sebo support box which is AM and PMP packets we teamed up with I didn't get one that It's because I traveled here I have to travel a lot. It's used in for this so well worth your time my friend. Totally worth my time but like because what I was seeing is all these people were coming to me and they were having food intolerances they're like I can't eat this I can't eat that I can't eat this. Which would you say that that's part of that FOD map diet? So the FOD map diet is just low in these fermentable sugars and I'm not a fan of that because if you're on it long enough you become micro nutrient deficient and it's kind of a bandaid and the FOD map diet just took off because it's got a cool acronym because people start throwing whatever but after listening people are having all these food intolerances that they didn't have before and then you start looking into it and then let's get back to where I was talking about the enzymes that break down those amino acids well we have other enzymes like something that breaks down histamine dimenoxidase if you have inflammation in the gut the dimenoxidase can't work as well and it actually is not able to produce enough dimenoxidase then when you eat anything with histamine in it like an avocado avocado sound safe spinach is the terrible people feel terrible they feel terrible and one of the reasons is because the histamine that's being produced gets absorbed and then the histamine is creating this sort of systemic reactions so I'll use in this box with everything that we've talked about I'll use dimenoxidase I have a trontel and an amp and packets I put a immunoglobulin Y you're familiar with claustrum and things like that and so claustrum one of the main reasons why people use it is for the immunoglobulin IgG. IgY has actually been shown in studies to be more stable throughout the gastrointestinal tract so this way it can go through the whole length of the small bowel so I add the IgY and then in the evening packet I add a combination highly absorbable magnesium because as it turns out when you have bacterial overgrowth the inflammation in the gut and the bacteria can actually deplete your body of magnesium and why is that immunocompan it's just because the organisms themselves will use the magnesium that you're taking in. So selfish. I know and so. And the beauty of using magnesium, glycine, amenies, amalate is that malate has been shown to improve intestinal motility like we're talking about and then glycine has been shown to help with anxiety. Yeah it's really really interesting. I think that that's helpful for people. When is there anything more that you wanted to cover on CBO because I have one more question regarding CBO and that's this idea that it just seems that it's almost refractory sometimes that they do really really well on a combination of zifaxum. You know you put them they can go back to eating normal foods they don't have to follow this fod map diet they'll be fine for a couple months and then it's back. The unfortunate thing is what we have also seen is that zifaxum can work great once pretty good the second time and not work the third time. So there is some sort of tolerance to that. I think that the key to these people that have this refractory situation is to work downstream and improve the microbiome so that the microbiome can correct the problems going on. So if you are producing pro-motility metabolites like butary then you're going to correct that motility issue that's allowed in the bacteria to grow every night. So over time I'll have people that just seem impossible to treat and possible to treat and we just try all these different things and let's try this let's try that and then just over time all of a sudden it just gets better and I think it all comes down to the sebo in the small bowel is affecting your microbiome causing dispiosis and as long as you're having dispiosis then the two will go hand in hand and so if you can't totally get rid of the sebo then let's at least focus on the microbiome and over time it seems to work. So this is just a long game is what you're saying is with the small intestinal bacteria overgrowth is you can treat the small intestinal bacteria overgrowth but you want to create an environment where gas-rontestinal health permeates no pun intended that's is really kind of yeah but I don't I mean I hear this from a lot of people well it just seems to never go I don't have that many patients where they they come in they're like nope didn't work I mean maybe three or four and I still see them regularly I was trying everything yeah I have one patient but then again she hasn't been great about doing her test because I did she does have animals she has a handful of dogs and I I think that there maybe a gerdia component to that you know I I think that there's a component to parasitology which you know before COVID we would send everyone to parasitologists to do a stool sample and they looked into the microscope and now everything is done with DNA testing and PCR it seems to miss these and we see this with the military it's a huge game with the special operators because they go to all these different places you know I had one guy come back and it's entire platoon actually had their goal blooder out they all actually they all got sick yeah all of them of platoon and you know they they all have sebo everybody as sebo but they also have a handful of whether it's roundworm or whippedworm or gerdia or and to me behestalidica and it seems as if they pass it back and forth because of toilets or things that have the of that nature do you find that do you feel like the parasitology testing is adequate that we're doing now or there any opportunities for improvement that you've seen and this might not be your domain but definitely not my domain but I will say I think that we don't have good testing we don't and so if especially if I'm using labs that are required by the insurance the doopily of lab core or yes they don't they it's crap analysis I do do I'm using a stool test called genesis stool test which does you some DNA analysis and things like that but it's still like it's not good it's not good it's always negative and yes it's always negative and that's because whether the burden is high enough yeah we still send out to infectious disease our infectious we have great infectious disease doctors I aren't infectious disease people don't believe that there's a whole lot of parasitic involvement causing disease in the area that we live in and so it's not sure we get food globally they are in animal I mean again the reason I became very capable of doing this is because I treat special operators as well so how do you diagnose them then I will tell you more after the podcast but we send them to old school infectious disease guys like in their EVs and 90s that do old school multiple stool samples and they all come back positive and they come back positive well for again and to me but his solidica I had one guy that had just an system analysis and they find it and we treat them but more importantly they all get better here is the ringer no again terrible mom jokes but you have to treat their spouse oh wow yeah you have to treat them right and so you can treat one person full resolution of symptoms but if you don't treat the partner whether it's back on the toilets or the bed sheets or whatever they all get it back I'm just laughing because if they're going to go see you and then you end up diagnosing something like that this is like how it was when I was in high school or if somebody got an STD you're supposed to call everybody that you've been in contact with yes no no it is funny but most importantly these guys all get better but we have had to go to extreme measures to find parasitologists to send them to these old school places and it's it's tough this episode is brought to you by first form first form makes incredible protein patterns that's probably one of my most common questions that I get asked what kind of protein do you use and first form makes great flavors they also have a natural way which is amazing we make putting out of it we also make someone of like a ice cream type shake and if you are looking for protein powder on the go then look no further first form makes a great one you can check out their protein powders which by the way also mixes amazing nobody likes that chalky tasting protein powder or you're like drinking it kind of choking not sure if you should spit it out or maybe it doesn't taste good and there's an aftertaste it's a whole situation first form has fixed that you can try yours go to first form that's one ST PH O R M dot com and use the code doctor lion that's first form dot com slash doctor lion um I want to move on from a small intestinal bacteria overgrowth uh two you know I I would love to you know there's a lot to cover I'd love for you to mention something on chronic constipation and if that's treated again because there's probably primary causes behind that um and then you know whether a lot of use is safe just want to mention that because I also really want to talk to you about colon cancer and how we should probably be screening much earlier than 45 because we're seeing an influx of um individuals that are getting sick but before we go down that I would love to hear about this chronic constipation chronic constipation is so common. Another thing it's just it's in our it's in our society the thing about constipation is is divided into two different buckets for me how often are you called to the bathroom and when you are called do you feel that you can fully evacuate those are the main things because if you go to a doctor and you say like oh every day great you're not conspated but I don't really ever feel like I'm completely emptying well then by definition you're constipated not by any clinical criteria but because you're not feeling it and so when it is a motility thing or when I say that you're not called to the bathroom of a whole ounce I don't even get the urge for three days we need to retrain your balsce to try and go to the bathroom unfortunately pharmaceuticals that are out there the ones that we have available real hit and miss and so sometimes they're just complete like bowel perhaps that make it you just you have to stay home and take it are you saying that the pre colonoscopy fun enjoyment of brutal well in some in sometimes and it's unpredictable one of the two drugs I'm thinking of are Lynn's essence and trulettes what's interesting about them is that they actually are peptides and tiny little peptides that you can't find in the bloodstream but they get converted into the active component and then can cause a ton of diarrhea so but if it's if it's not causing diarrhea then people aren't really going to the bathroom at all so having no response to it. And why is that? Well I think it has something to do with the lipase cleaving it that's because you can actually have a better response if you take it with some fat. Oh that's interesting that's a clinical pearl. Yeah it makes no sense at all though so like well here's why that's okay but that's a that's a really good clinical pearl. Well here's why because we I've met with their scientific um lays on and they're saying that if somebody doesn't respond try having them take it with some fat bacon but or something like that. Well that seems to help it along and when I'm asking why they're like well it just seems to work better and the problem is when you take fat it actually causes something called an illule break so when you have fat which is why you stay full longer it actually slows everything down and it doesn't actually trigger like an immediate bell movement but this happens to be a medication that they don't fully understand exactly how it works so it is a peptide my theory is that when you have fat gastric lipase is released it cleaves it into its active form so when you take it if you don't have lipase so I have tested this yourself not on myself but I have tested it on severely-consuppated people and have given them pancreatic enzymes plus the linsus and told me to take it at the same time and I was told that it was more than a bowel prep for a colonoscopy and okay so that makes sense so there's something with that so these drugs a lot of these drugs that get approved they're still some confusion about how they actually work they just know that it's safe enough for the FDA to say okay do it so if somebody's not going enough then is what is the appropriate combination of fluid fiber, cybal fiber and cybal fiber and an osmotic agent and those are osmotic agents or menis and cytrate, menis, am oxide, mirrolax you know that's peg these different things and so how do we get enough fluid in there so that your colon can then start contracting and at least moving things along quicker sometimes a stimulant is necessary well it could be a natural one like sena okay or it could be which is I forgot what the actual natural name of it is but or bisicolid is the pharmaceutical one which is the oplex, to get people because what ends up happening is caffeine or nicotine does not caffeine nicotine both caffeine has can prolic acid which works as a stimulant and nicotine definitely which is why back in the day people would wake up have coffee and a smoke and have to use the bathroom nicotine definitely because it actually can hit the nicotinic receptors which stimulate motility for sure so but I mean tell them people that I want you to take some mayn't use them citrate and smoke half a pack or a nicotine men side side of the body or not saying to do that guys but yeah those yeah those definitely can actually stimulate that and then using a stimulant as necessary people are very scared to do it they don't want to become dependent everything and is that a true thing it's not it's the old stimulant medications that we had with damage the nerves those no longer are there what and what were those I don't remember what it was it was it was we so it was an actual compound that would actually damage the nerves and then you would actually become dependent but they got rid of that compound so for example daily use of sena would be acceptable you are not worried that some it would become dependent on elective I am not worried about it but it's something that we don't want you want you to train your balls and so the actin in my acid in the bowl it's basically pot of training for adults and so my wife's a rehab doctor and so you know she would run these inpatient rehab units where you have to retrain balls and somebody that has a spinal cord injury and things like that so that kind of comes onto that like your balls can be trained what I tell my patients is that you know like your muscle your colon has acted in my acid also and the more it gets stretched the weaker the connections are same thing if you're a bicep look at look at us you know but I'm I'm weaker here versus here to here I have more acted in my acid and so what we want to do is try and make sure that you have the most muscular propulsion when it gets stretched to the point where it can't contract it's called toxic mega cola yes and then it just sits in emergency it sucks it sucks for everyone the patient and the doctor so it's it's just a matter of if you haven't gone in a couple days I'd rather not say we'll just keep you know putting up with it let's give you a stimulant now and take a stimulant if you haven't had a bowel movement in two to three days take a stimulant so that time it take it overnight wake up have a bowel movement and then let's try and go longer and longer and see what we can do about bowel training that goes hand in hand with pelvic floor issues so a lot of people men and women men and women more women there's a lot of things associated with it we can go back to the childhood trauma we can go to stress we can do different things we can go to the phone people taking their phone to the bathroom but I don't know anyone who does that right now Matt he's in the bathroom but yeah but I have to bus his chops it's like the it all comes out of the same thing that you're not you have these muscles and you have to allow them to relax to have an effect of bowel movement the brain doesn't understand that it's not relaxing and so you think that you're relaxing when it's not happening so all bring people in and the most effective test is just basically have them squeeze on my finger with their anus try and relax don't try that at home fast yes and then try to um... expel my anus and it sounds weird but i'm sorry expel my finger through the anus correct and by the way this is like when we talk to yourologist there's lots of penis talk and now you talk to a gastroenterologist there's lots of anus talk this is just it's just not far for the course yeah it's normal but it's fascinating because so many people that have calcination and nobody's happy about it right but i'm like just trying to spell my finger i don't want to do that i'm like just try and then when they do i feel the internal it's called a pdendomusle just clamp down and they're like i'm trying i'm like okay now watch this and i'll pull on it and i'm like okay do you feel that they're like a little bit i'm like just relax i'm gonna hold my finger here now do it and then they get it and that's where biofeedback and therapy comes in and that really easy to feel okay and that's and you and one would address that by seeing a pelvic floor specialist of pd right uh physical therapy so it's a physical therapist that specializes in pelvic floor therapy and there's different so that is that is the root cause now i'm sorry that is the end mechanism the root cause of why that's happening could be different things it could be you've had chronic constipation for so long that just pushing like crazy okay the wires get messed up there is an association with trauma of various kinds of trauma because your pelvic floor is a core muscle and you can hold a lot of emotion there and that happens and then there's also this whole phone thing it sounds silly but it's done wonders for my hemorrhide business really yes all ages all ages it's fantastic because people go to the bathroom with their phone and they get triggered and they sit longer holy cow yeah they can get emotionally triggered and when you're emotionally triggered you can't you know it's that fight or flight versus rest and relax yeah you need your body to completely relax well while we're on the topic of um pooping the squatty pd's that changed the angle of your would it be the pelvic floor is it the some muscle yeah it's that muscle is that a good thing it's a great thing yeah love it so you believe that there's positive benefits to changing to raising your um it's like raises your it's has you squat instead of seated yeah so what you do is it well all it does is get your knees up above your hips okay and if you lean slightly forward and there's tons of data on this there was an article that's kind of funny the Japanese did this they took like 10 medical students always the medical students and they repeatedly filled their rectum full of barium and then they would have them poop it out in various positions until they found the most effective angle friends this is why you should never become a medical student yeah and they uh and what they determined is there's an actual angle too far and it may change but there is an angle you know when you go to other countries that they squat with the bathroom they don't have constipation or hemorrhoid issues so there is a physical physical a physical way in which we were potentially designed to go to the bathroom 100 and squatty party gets you almost there we should have been that and it should have invented I mean did an amazing job with Autron T.O. we used it in all our patients that were bridging them from for sebo treatment but you know can you really should have that's thought about this squatty party that's it's recondomissed the boat on that one yeah we we may have a branded squatty party out of that but you know but honestly that's it they did a great job of at least getting out there there's tons of different brands out there now but definitely I am going to give you I had five rapid fire yes or no question okay you don't get to comment it is fully yes or no okay mouthwash no yes yes yes yes yes yes yes no yes that is sushi is like full of pairs like I love those pair of settings you're eating you know I can't really well now I told all my patients and no so you guys if you were listening if you were in tens camp carry on yeah my patient and you are listening to this okay I'm just saying I'm just saying I'm just saying that if you're getting gas station sushi here in Houston I don't think it matters you guys are going to get G.R.D.R definitely going to get some kind of worm so caveat I always make sure I have a little sake to kill whatever organism is there can routinely do worms himself okay all right I'm a huge sushi well not after this I'm going to have to send you some G.R.P.R.Nagmas oh is this a restaurant yes or no we're so I don't know you side tracked me with the sushi because you said yes but G.R.P.R and the reason I'm asking a gastroenterologist about G.R.P.R.P.R.Nagmas or even the tri-septiide which has team two mechanisms of action is because again this is coming from your perspective from gastrointestinal health but it's only has to know just put you on spot no no okay but but this one's a totally caveat essentially it's yes for the right people but know the way it's currently just being tossed around a whole lot we see I see too many people and I'm really biased on this and we see too many people that come in with a stomach full of food and they have anything in two days so like this is I'm I'm letting it play out a little bit longer I mean I think it's great for some people I know but that's why I did this whole podcast on it where we kind of waffle because I'm like I think it's really beneficial I at this last meeting I was at anti-aging doctor was talking she said that we really believe that this is the most the biggest impacting medicine that we've had in decades and I agree with that I'm just you are a gastroenterologist and I just I see the negative side and I'm just waiting for it I can't in good conscience say please go do that because if you get permanent gastropreases or something like that happen but I don't think that's going to happen because it doesn't affect the nerve yeah how is it causing how is it causing gastropreases then I think I mean so I I mean I have my theories on this it just delays gastric emptying and that's exactly what it's designed to do if you give it to some of you already struggles with constipation now we're talking about something out so if you have someone that actually already has damaged GI track or is really struggling with chronic I mean so basically if you have someone who let's say they have damage to their nerves let's say they have diabetic astropreases or even some kind of lime can cause nerve damage whatever it is and then you give those people GLP when I'm gonna say then you've got a problem but I haven't seen any data that says that and again I just don't buy it I think they're really good drugs I think we have to determine who is utilizing it and who is not and who's utilizing it the right way how are you maintaining your muscle that's the big scary thing I will also say there's no direct mechanism of action that says that you connect we put patients on GLP ones and I mean I use more of the tries to depotize the dual agents we track all their muscle we track their body fat and they do not lose skills and muscle really no that's great it's because they are training and they are prioritizing protein and we have all the other pieces in place the reason that there is such pushback is because people are losing body fat and they're losing skeletal muscle but there is not something inherently about the mechanism of action that actually affects skeletal muscle yeah my pushback is a very it's a soft no yeah because I'm just sitting on the side line actually well you were yes on sushi so now you're a big trouble but the I will say this you know everybody talked about those empathy and everything but you know it is just a peptide it is and you were the first person to ever even talk to me about peptide literally like six years ago and I love peptides like now I think that's the if the FDA would just get out of the way and farm over get out of the way there's so many incredible things yeah that can be done with that yeah and just to be clear you know we're not really we are definitely not giving anyone medical advice we are both practicing physicians and the FDA did come down really hard on peptides and peptides are just a string of amino acids all put together in particular ways we there are peptides like again C.J.C.Nipomorlin and B.P.C.157 which seems to have some good impact on gastrointestinal health but the FDA did come and take many of them off of the market for physicians to prescribe but all the good ones that that being said GLP1 Agnes of Zempek, Moderna or all peptides as well let's pivot a bit to screening yes let's talk about colonoscopies let's talk about colon cancer and when you think individual should be screening and what are your thought processes from both endoscopy and colonoscopy so the current screening guidelines are everybody age 45 and older you start your screening process if there's a family history of anybody with a polyp or cancer you start at 40 because they're just kind of hard start to talk about. Just as most people have had polyps right so then that's the interesting thing is anybody in the family ever had polyps or cancer and they're like now and then when they come in for their skill it's like I actually asked my mom and she's been having these for years it's something that nobody ever talks about right you don't talk about it the dinner table. Yeah it's not just cancer because we know that colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States which is crazy because it is a very slow growing cancer isn't it? It's a slow growing cancer and we have a cure the cure is colonoscopy because we know that these cancers almost all of them start out as a polyp and then they grow into cancer so as they grow into cancer we can remove those polyps before they become cancer. So they all start and how common are polyps? Extremely common and so every cancer in the world and you have a polyp and then the recommendation is it in five years that you can read or five years traditionally depending on the size of polyp and you've had things like that but they're common enough that we're judging gas runerologists about their competency on their adenomate detection rate. What if we're seeing it say that again? So we're being watched to make sure that we're having adenoma detection rates ADRs which are at a certain level and so we know that in a certain population we should be achieving an ADR of at least 32% or something like that but meaning you should be able to catch meaning that everybody off the street at least I don't even know what the actual bare minimum is because all of us are significantly higher than what is required but I want to say that most of us over 40% 45% of all the color possibilities that we do we're finding a pre-cancerous polyp. Now what's really scary is we're finding even really young people now. 30s? 20? Is it because we're screening or? No because we're not even screening these people. I'm seeing them for bloating pain things like that and then I get in there and it's like wow rectal bleeding and then it's like wow there's a polyp this is really interesting you're in your 30s we would have completely missed this and in 10 years that would have been cancer. That's what's a little bit scary so when you say when we start screening I'm you know all you have is a hammer I'm like start screening the second you're old enough above 18 to make your own choice and so but we are seeing a lot of people that are we're scope in them for other reasons and we find pre-cancerous polyps in their 30s so. Why do you think we're seeing such a massive increase? No one knows in article I guess was two years ago was the first one that actually looked at this and showed that the children of this generation are having higher colon cancer than their parents so stop them think about that the parents are now in their 70s and the kids in their 40s are having colon cancer. It's the first generation ever to have this. Is it diet? Is it disruption to the microbiome? Is it other factors immune response to whatever infections things like that who knows? But your kids have they been screened? No not yet no need to still file that you know 1917 and so but certainly I think when I got my first screening when I was just because I was seeing stuff. Yeah but also your gastrointrologist and everyone should know that whatever physician whatever specialty the physician is there's the medical student syndrome and then there's the residency syndrome where whatever you're in it's you know I don't even have a prostate and if I was yourologist I probably I'm like I definitely have prostate cancer. I know we got a like now I'm so paranoid because I have patients that so many of them are getting prostate cancer I'm like can't and so like they'll come in and tell me they're like oh talk and I get I get all worried I'm like could somebody do a prostate exam on me? Well she's home today so you just might be but he's got to figure out how to do some sort of at home tracking like we can now for cholesterol like we can now for diabetes like we can whatever so about hologard PSA oh we off the yes no please say we're off yes we are off yes no okay hologard because a lot of people don't like to get colonoscopies and I'm hoping you guys understand it's it's critical I mean nobody likes it but so hologard is a test that is number one the company is heavily funded by large venture capital that's why you see commercials all the time for it I have a number of senior commercial oh really yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the hologard tournament and so hologard is a test that looks for appearances in DNA in the stool that can determine if you have colon cancer the problem with colon guard is that the sensitivity and specific meaning the likelihood of it actually of you actually having cancer if it's positive is very low so I've treated or I've scoped I was keeping track of it but it's got to be somewhere around 120 people now they have come in with positive hologards the look on their faces I'm dying of cancer terrified I'm terrified all 120 no cancer wow that if then if you read the data on it yeah yeah now that's very now that's false positives that really false positives people out and these are people that it may have had two hologards and then one was negative almost positive one was negative two years ago one was positive the problem is it doesn't pick up polyps at all and so you'll have these people and if it's positive you're getting a colonoscopy here's the rub if you're like wondering why does it even exist well it's going after the insurance reimbursement for colon cancer screening so the worst thing insults injuries when somebody gets a hologard positive and their insurance said okay we'll pay for that because this is your screening exam but now they need a colonoscopy and they're like well we are to pay for a screening now you're on a hook for a deductible so they got one for a hundred percent paid and now they come to me and they have to pay out a pocket so that's part of the problem so now I'm not a fan of it okay it's I only only use it when I really don't want to do a colonoscopy and you know it's somebody's 112 years old and they are they're scared I'm like all right well to get a hologard and God please be negative please be negative yes then I have to do it yeah so not a fan definitely it's and then once all my patients that we're scared to have a colonoscopy once they have one they're like this is just not a big deal come in you go to sleep you wake up and you're done then you have a peace of mind yes and you might get a bracelet and you might get a bracelet that says what would your microbiome say yeah doctor can brown I love anytime that I get with you we could go on and on I'm hoping that you'll get back on that plane that you flew here and we will do a whole second episode because there are things that we didn't get to cover like reflux I like yes I will tell you when we need to do that whole reflux talk I got it because that's what I'm doing research on right now tell me because I would love to have you back on to talk about reflux and each pylori and all of those kind of things so tell me what you're up to well the biggest thing with reflux is that it is the most common disease it's the most prescribed medication this whole class of medications called ppi's the problem is is that now since we've had them out there for 30 years it appears that ppi's proton pump inhibitors next to him you see them there really seems to be some correlation with causing dementia causing osteoporosis is that because of the impact on the mineral absorption I don't think anybody really knows they just know that it's a correlation two sides of it are well maybe the data is pretty weak but the reality is if it's contributing to that and there's other ways to fix it then maybe we should not just be shutting off the acid maybe we should work on doing other things like tightening the lower sopigil sphincter maybe making the stomach work better and move the right direction things like that that's what we're working on right now well I cannot wait again we have shared patients together and I have a consultadue with pretty chronic reflux and and there's all kinds of things so I am so excited for you to come back on and talk about it because I think that you are amazing I also believe that your heart isn't the right place you are truly trailblazing and very much an intellectual who wants to see the evidence and a natural way to move things forward and get really great results for people I think you are a physician and the way in which you've shown up is is something that is just very admirable well thank you I think that there are lots of things that inspire us but I'm very grateful that I haven't had a job that I like where most of the time I can help somebody and then in the science part of it these little dopamine rewards of figuring stuff out so it's I work with a lot of people that seem to do much better financially but I don't I don't I don't think they're happier than me yeah I or they're not fit or than you that's for sure where can be the fine jail they can find me at on Instagram at gut check project my website my medical website for those kind of things is kennethbrownmd.com and then things like the sebo support box and these other answer to everything that's kbmd health.com and and the things like a tranteal I think that they products that you've developed art extraordinary we use them in clinical practice all the time it's it's just part of our protocols yeah that just go to atronthil.com atr.ing. everything thank you so much for your time and your energy and your jokes which are pretty good of course minor marginal but well done sir and again thank you so much. I'm going to go back to the hotel get on that battle bike and turn you up to the speed of three on the audio but I will be happy to yell at you and your intervals thank you so much. Awesome thank you.