We talk a little bit about training. Yes. I've learned quite a bit and you really have helped me reframe. In fact, we're working on second, I'm working on a second book proposal and I'm hoping you would be so gracious as to impart some of your wisdom in part of that process and I've learned a lot about thinking about how we train the current paradigm, the current narrative is all about zone two. It is that zone two is where we need to focus and then we have other groups that we talk about resistance training, do it three to four days a week. There's and understandably so. There are only so many ways that we can make global recommendations. Yes. That being said, I would love your take about unibes spoken about minimal amount of movements, exercise, kettlebells, more effective ways to utilize our body. I'm just going to leave that for you to take it or whatever that you'd like to. Sure. So the concept of zone two is an interesting one. I think that a lot of the excitement around it is that it's helping to promote mitochondrial function and that mitochondrial function appears to be absolutely essential as we age. And can we improve mitochondrial function to decrease things like insulin resistance, improve metabolic health, improve our athletic performance. The concept there, it's interesting to see how depending on what you look at, these different terms that describe similar phenomena. So submax, b2 training, zone two, moderate intensity continuous training. I did a presentation a while back, specifically as a regarded patients who were recently diagnosed with cancer, undergoing cancer treatment or finished cancer treatment and what exercise recommendations we could make for them because their VO2 max and muscle mass help predict how they do. And we know that quality of life mortality, mobility, more fit you are from a cardiovascular aspect, the better you will do with treatments. So how can we help people? And so the question was in the presentation, should we be engaging in high intensity interval training or moderate intensity continuous training? And the answer is of course, both can be helpful per unit time, high intensity training might be more beneficial to jack your VO2 max upwards. But what are we really thinking about with VO2 max? One is if we're going to test VO2 max in somebody, they should be familiar with the movement of which we are testing them. It's not fair to say somebody has suboptimal VO2 max, but it's their first time doing a certain athletic activity. They're never going to be gast if even if I'm an marathon runner, if you throw me into a box hearing, I'm going to be gast and two rounds. Because you might be amazing, but normal person. But the truth is I would be gast and it's because I'm not familiar with the movements, it's the way that I should be. So it's important, that's important caveat. Don't get down in yourself with VO2 max is not where you think it should be because you did some modified bruised crop protocol in a gym. It might not be where it should be because you don't have the movement. If you're on a bike, there are so many determinants of your performance on a bike. You're positioning, you're familiar with it. What muscles you're activating, your shoe angle with the actual pedal, and I'm out of my league there. I know that that's the very, very surface layer of it. So we're looking at substrate utilization, fats versus carbohydrates versus grie teen phosphate, and we're looking at what can be done to maximize fat oxidation. So this concept around zone two is I understand it is fat max. We're trying to maximally use fat for fuel while we exercise to teach our mitochondria to metabolize fat more readily to decrease insulin resistance. That's what makes sense to me at least. Now with high intensity interval training, I think the downside of zone two is time. I think that's it. I think you have two children in a beautiful life and a full practice. Yes, and time is tough. So I don't engage in a ton of zone two myself. If I had more time in the week, perhaps I would. But then high intensity interval training appears to be as beneficial for the VO2 max as the zone two, but you're training it two different ways. From high intensity interval training, you're like raising the ceiling of your house higher. You're getting better at pushing it higher. But the VO2 training appears to be like you're solidifying the foundation. You're getting better in the lower levels that predicts success at the higher levels. So we might be describing it this way, but it athletes have intuitively known this for decades. When they run, they're not gassing themselves every workout. They leave a little bit on the table, and the body goes to a period of compensation to basically mount their response to that stressor. And then when they do peak one or two times a year, they're in really good shape. So same principle applies to weight training. So our should we or could we be going to neuromuscular failure? If our goal is muscle hypertrophy, should we be focusing on just muscle hypertrophy in specific muscle segments or generalized strength and instability? I think these are good questions. But I find the way I trade with kettlebells is I want to be number one thing for me is don't lose stability in all three planes of motion, sagittal, transverse, and frontal, like we spoke about before. When you work a kettlebell, most of the time it's in one hand and that by nature destabilizes you. And you're not going to get destabilization if you're working only with barbells. So if you're not going to get destabilization working with barbells. As it relates to the frontal and the transverse plane. So you'll be stable as all heck in the sagittal plane. If you work with barbell, I was the sagittal plane hero. I went to the gym and I did. Well done. Bench, lats, I did squats, I did deadlifts. And I became very proficient in those areas. But then I would go play golf and things would hurt. And I'd like, well, that's interesting. You know, I'm not the world's best golfer, but it shouldn't hurt as much as it did. And I thought it was basically because it wasn't as proficient in translating force and rotation. So I like to use a kettlebell. I think you can get a lot out of it. I think the work from the strong first organization and Dan John online in his own endeavors have done a great job illustrating the cardiovascular benefits of kettlebells that you can get strength and conditioning. And so I try to follow that. I also do something and we spoke about this term exercise snacks, which I don't particularly love. But I can't think of it. We'll find a way to re-rend it. But yeah, finally. Yeah. I call it farm hand strength. So, like, if you're working on, and now, let's say you're not a farm hand, let's say you're just somebody mulching your yard. You're not going to basically go to the point where you're falling down every single time. You're going to leave a little bit on the table. You're going to come back to it. You're going to go do a different activity for a short period of time. And then you're going to come back to it. And so what I do, what I'll do is I'll enter mix like some sets of kettlebell swings throughout the day. I might do a set at 9 a.m. and do a set at, you know, 10 30. I'm not looking to build a sweat. I'm just looking to get better at the movement. So, I'm really stressing that neuro kinetic element. Am I getting more am I getting better at the movement? Am I doing a little bit of stimulation of muscle? But it, by no means, am I getting a, you know, of skin ripping pump out of it. But potentially you could build a workout like that. Yeah. There's the, there are, you know, when we look at some of the really good people who are training. And what they do in a lot of rehabilitation from injury, sometimes it's 3, 5, 10 minutes rest. You know, and so, question because I think in there is, do you want to be really, do you want to be super proficient with a movement? Or do you want to get as much training in in a short period of time as possible? So, there's different strategies there. But we move throughout the course of the day. It's not like we only move for 30 minutes and then we're immobilized for 23 and a half hours. So, the concept of going to the gym, I think is something that needs some work. Where we, we, we think about going to the gym. We dedicate time. But should we be in a spursing movement throughout the day. I think some people, fortunately in their jobs, can do that and some people unfortunately can't do that. But I like, like, you know, I saw you both do a set of pushups before as it's own little stimulant for our podcast. That's our pre game pushup. There you go. We do a, now podcast ritual. Now, is, is that not helpful because you only did one set? No, of course it's helpful. You didn't know that we're doing some after this. Well, I'm happy to do them. But you did, you did one set in isolation and you benefited from not overloading your tissues. You benefited from a short term increase in your heart rate. You learned how to become a better push-oper. And that has something to do with it, too. So, I think the coming back to the concept around zone two, it's, if you were to train, I think the, the probably what makes sense from a metabolic corollary for weight training is like, if you're going to neuromuscaliferia muscles are on fire, you're not in zone two. Right? I think we can comfortably say that, right? Yes. So, you're probably in zone five or four or five. So, you're, you're really getting there. Now, if you train and you say you do 10 repetitions of something explosively and then you wait a couple of minutes and do it again, could you still be in zone two? And that's the, this concept that has come up called anti-galic training, which is a way to build endurance and strength, which has been subject to my own personal fascination. I'm not in a position where I could speak if I'm educated perspective on it, a lot of the literature behind it is in Russian. So, I can't read it. I get learning. But I've read Paulville's work and Paulville does a great job with that. And I've recently read a couple of his books and I think it's something I've experimented with the same way that we might all experiment zone two or a hit training or powerlifting or whatever it might be. A lot, I think one of the benefits to my patients is that I've gone through the process of experimenting a lot with this. Played baseball and football, it was a personal trainer. I did a good bit of just, you know, casual powerlifting. I tried to be, you know, a crappy bodybuilder for a period of time. And it wasn't great at it. But, and then on top of that, you know, I might not have, I might not be running a marathon like Shane in a couple weeks, but I did run a half and you learned so much going through those, through those individual experiences. So, I try to maintain a radical open-mindedness about what could be helpful and try it myself when I, if I can.