So waste a height ratio is incredibly powerful and incredibly important. Super, super good and free. So you measure your waste circumference at the belly button with your abdomen completely relaxed. Then you cry because it's so high and it's so much higher than your pants size, right? You know, it's the like I have so many patients who they're shoving their, they're, then told into a, you know, 32 genes or whatever, but you measure their abdomen at the belly button and it's like 40. And so you measure your waste at the belly button, abdomen fully relaxed, divide that by your height. You want that to be less than half your height. So weight should be less than half your height. And it's, uh, it's going to work on almost everyone. Even people who look kind of skinny. I have a lot of skinny fat patients who look pretty thin like nobody would ever think they have any issues. But if you actually measure their waste at the belly button, they're out of no and fully relaxed. It's, uh, yeah, it's not. It's not always as low as you wish to most. So that's a really great metric for just about anyone. And it's free. Like he said, waste height measurement is very helpful less than half. What did you say less than half your, your height? Right. Your waste should be less than half your height. So if I'm, you know, 75 inches tall, my waste to come or should be 30,000.5 or lower. I mean, that's probably the bad example with too much math. But like, you know, if you're, if you're 60 inches tall, your waste should be less than 30 inches out of the above. Really easy to do. And I'll mention, I, you know, part of me agrees with you do we need to continuously measure body fat. You, you know, one would know, perhaps looking at themselves or doing a measurement like this. Because we don't have great ways of getting a, a wonderful comprehensive picture. What do I mean, but that we're not directly measuring skeletal muscle. You could have an individual who is over fat. And if you measure their skeletal muscle, it looks as if they have enough. But the reality is that it's not healthy muscle is typically marbled. It is not necessarily is metabolically effective as it should be because the tissue changes skeletal muscle as an organ system, not tissue changes. You get fat infiltration decrease in flux, meaning you're not moving glycogen. Utilizing these fatty acid by products the way that you should. And again, we've really been hyper focused on body fat and the reality is just like fructose and saturated fat body fat and muscle are opposite sides of the same coin, essentially. Right, right. And and you're totally right. You can, all these measurements are just really rough estimates. Nothing's accurate. Dexas kind of inaccurate, gimpoles and accurate. Your impedance is accurate. The only way the best we've got is some for compartment model in MRI and it's going to cost $1,000. And even then even if you knew exactly what your composition was, it's a sycophion daily struggle the rest of your life to constantly get more muscle and less fat. And you have to worry about that. It's like a war of grams every day and every time you eat and you're trying to get more muscle and less fat. And you're going to be doing that forever and health is never owned only rented and the rent is due daily. And so like it even if you had a snapshot that looked pretty good, it's going to go down hill after Christmas or Thanksgiving or the cruise you're going on. So it doesn't even matter. It's like let's pretend I did a Dexas on someone and it sucks. You're too fat. You don't have enough muscle. Now what are you going to do about it? And then oh by the way, you have to do that every week for the rest of your life. So I just don't find it's entertaining to track these things but it's not value added for me to be honest. Like I've never had a baby practice. You've been in practice. How long have you been in practice? Let's see, there was dinosaurs and then I made it. Listen, so Ted, I know these answers but the reality is it's so fun that Ted and I get to chat and you guys are all involved in this conversation. I'm asking because the more advanced a clinician is, there are certain components of the body or certain ways of practice. That, you know, we see it's very cyclical. In the beginning of our practice, we talk about this. In the beginning of your practice as a physician, you know, we do have lots of providers listening. You are testing and tracking everything. Literally everything. And by the way, that is extremely overwhelming for the patient. As you advance, I mean, in my second decade of practice, as you advance in to practice, you do less, you are hyper focused on more and you are hyper focused on the things that truly move the needle. I bet you, if I put a gun to Ted's head, which I'm not going to and I said, is Dieter exercise more effective in moving body composition and creating change in how many of the cases he would say exercise. Probably so, probably so, but it's so important. I'm holding it up, but again, that is very difficult to impart, which is why you can't really do one without the other. You really have to nail in nutrition. You can be training like a maniac, but you do have to have your nutrition and balance. And he's done a wonderful job at that. So we've talked about protein. We've talked about how to prioritize it. We've talked about carbohydrates and fats. When you are looking at the overall picture, what are some numbers that you would give? And how do you think about it if, for example, in your model of a two-meal a day eating? How much are you consuming? Are you worried about the dose of carbohydrates that then stimulates insulin, say, for example, over 50 grams, or are you worried about the impact of a dose of saturated fat at that first meal? Got it. So, yeah, so protein, basically, targeting protein first, gram per pound of ideal body weight based on your height, and then dividing into two or three meals or two meals in a snack, and like an eight hour eating window, that would be kind of ideal for me. The fat is basically, like if you're dieting, you want to keep fat to about half a gram per pound of ideal body weight based on your height. So, yeah, I've just stopped you. I'm stopping you. This was on my question list. How do you determine ideal body weight? I'm going to tell you how I determine ideal body weight, but there's lots of talk about because everyone is going to be thinking, okay, I got to calculate this. How do you determine ideal body weight? Got it. So, you know, if like if I'm just looking at someone and I don't care about gender or anything, I basically do some fancy calculation of solving for a BMI of 22, what your height would be in meters. I mean, if your height in meters, solve for a what kilograms would get you to a BMI of 22. But that involves like square roots and a lot of math, and it's kind of a, you have to be a math leap just even understand that. But you know how BMI is kilograms per meter squared, and if you just take a BMI of 22 for everybody on the planet, men, women, large, small, whatever, just as a rough average. And then you enter your height in meters squared and you solve that for kilograms, you will get like ideal body weight. For pretty much anybody and just grimdly whether you know, they're male or female or whatever.