How much sleep do children need? So our sleep duration need does ebb and flow across the lifespan. Very little babies need virtually to be sleeping almost all day long as you remember. And then as children age, they need a little bit less and up until the kind of school age period or time of a child's life. They need somewhere between six and 12 hours of sleep. But there are a lot of individual differences. Some kids will do well on that lower end of the spectrum and other kids will do well on the higher end. And this is where I love to think about end of one experiments. What works for you for your kid? After a night of eight hours of sleep, do you find that they are bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as the saying goes when they wake up? Or do you find that they're dragging and maybe in the car in the afternoon? Do they fall asleep? Those would be signs that they're just not getting quite enough. And then maybe start that next night and try to start the bedtime process a little bit earlier. And the bedtime routine a little bit earlier. Do you think there is a time that is universally good for kids? And what do I mean by this? Meaning we talked a little bit about this circadian rhythm, which is this 24-hour cycle. Here in Texas the sun goes down, let's say six o'clock. Let's say the sun goes down in Boston or New York. I'm just making this up. In the egglock. Does the location dictate the time we should begin to think about putting our children to sleep because they listen, mind didn't come with a manual. Oh, I'm so much easier. But perhaps if at six p.m. when the sun is going down, even though it's not convenient, maybe that's the time that we begin to wind them down. Do you know what I'm saying? In terms of like what if we're kind of doing it wrong? It's not our children. They can't regulate. They only. My kid, she'll want to stay up and read Princess Books and literally one thought like one eye is falling. You know, well, I love that. I love it. It sounds like a great bedtime routine. But young kids are very susceptible to light is one thing to keep in mind. So make sure and this does not have to be expensive for everyone listening. You can get great blackout shades at Target for very little. But do make sure your children have sleep proofed environment. And an environment you just showed me your daughter's bedroom. It's so amazing and so cozy and so fabulous. You want children just like all of us to walk in and feel so used. Have elements that comfort them. They're favorite stuffy. They're favorite, lovey. And the book that helps them also feel, you know, at peace and safe. And that's going to change as they grow, of course. But I think this is where kind of back to the end of one experiments. Thinking about workshopping your kid's sleep until you find the sweet spot. And whether that's a 6 p.m. fall asleep time. Or if that's a 9 p.m. fall asleep time. And one of the key things is your children are young. But what might be happening is all of us have in large part genetically predetermined. Preferences for chronotypes. Now this is a term that refers to each of our personal preference for being alert or sleep within a 24 hour day. What is yours? I am a very severe morning type. How about you? Same. Same. Right? I was at the gym. I love it. So that is a kind of part of this equation also. And your children, those types might be presenting themselves. What are the other types? There is a morning person. We generally model it on a spectrum from what we call morningness to eveningness. And the biggest question, the best question for figuring out where you are within that spectrum, is when do you do your best work? And if you would probably tell me first thing in the morning, right? Would you say, or just, yeah, would you like to talk about that in a month? I can tell you that. Okay, because I don't sleep well. I have the two little kids, whether my husband is on call or not. But I'm hoping one is amazing. Finish this episode. I can call you and I'm going to implement same sleep, wake cycle, black out, shades. I'm not exactly sure what I'm doing with my kids. But then I'm going to call you and tell you. I can't wait. And let's text along the way, too. You get there because all of this is really all about work shopping and finding the sweet spot for you, for your kids, for your partner and factoring and also your professional obligations, your personal obligations. And maybe also unwinding, you know, yourself is a mom because we do stuff for everyone around us, you know, all day long is moms. I am only aware of one thing that suppresses malatown and that would be light. Is there something else that's cortisol suppress malatown and are there other do we know? The two things that have the biggest impact on our circadian rhythm are number one blue light, blue daylight spectrum light. And that is the strongest what we call lifegiver or zeitgabor to our circadian system. So like comes in through the eyeballs and it travels along the optic chiasm to a tiny region of the brain called the superchiasmatic nucleus. And that's the circadian rhythm home in the brain. And then that's kind of fires the secretion of malatown in if the eyes detect absence of blue daylight spectrum light. But if bedtime approaches and you open up a computer screen that has full brightness, you're going to be giving yourself a physiological cue to become alert and awake because the eyeballs will receive blue daylight spectrum light from that screen and thank it's time to become alert and awake. And so we're virtually shooting ourselves in the foot when we use blue light and metting devices before bedtime. There's a free software called fluxf.lux and it's free widely available. I'm not affiliated with them but I personally use the technology. You do. That's amazing. And what that will do is it will take away the blue from a computer screen. So if you must be working before bedtime, do consider flux and what's nice is you can set it up so that it just goes on automatically. And as the sun sets in your time on your laptop or your tablet, then the screen will become warmer. So blue daylight spectrum light is the strongest input to our circadian system. An exposure to blue light at inappropriate times will disrupt the flow of malatown in. The second is meal timing. A meal consumed to light will disrupt the circadian system and could make it difficult to fall asleep that night and experience consolidated for a story to sleep. That would make a lot of sense and we do see a lot of disregulated eating in general. I think not only do we have a ton of external light exposure. I don't know is fluorescent also blue. I mean there's light pollution everywhere everywhere. And it takes a lot of effort and there I think there's also a lot of confusion because there are a lot of devices that say they're circadian lights or they're you know sleep promoting lights, which you know also are quite bright and then maybe someone's using that before bedtime. So the best thing for your bedroom is to go to a department store or a drugstore and buy a sleep friendly light bulb and put that into your light. You're a light light. I'm a red light. I'm a red light stand. Yes, it's a red spectrum red colors are measured in temperature. So it's a warm light. It's reds. It's maybe oranges. Those are kind of sleep inducing colors and use that in your bedroom. If you're reading before bedtime and then if when you wake up in the morning, do you need one of these circadian lights? I don't know but I think that generally is if you have an in love it, amazing. But getting outside into the natural blue daylight spectrum light, kind of as soon as possible is great for helping our helping a line, our internal circadian rhythms. I do that with the kids every day. I don't know if you think about, do you do that too with your kids? I'm inside. Right, I'm inside. Yeah, okay. All right guys, let's go. I'll just hand them out of the house and sometimes the best light. I think we're all. Do we know the impact of exercise and the types of exercise on sleep quality? This is a great question. For so long in sleep, we would discourage exercise at night. Now I think the research is still emerging but what we've found is that generally, if you're getting exercise, that's the most important predictor of good sleep quality. We really care less when you get it. There have been a couple studies, one in vigorous activity, for instance doing a very vigorous high intensity workout before bedtime is ill-advised. That does have some negative impact on sleep. But by and large, just making time for exercise, I'm really not worried about when you do it as long as you get it in. And this question is related to our circadian rhythm preference, our chronotype. Because if you're a true morning person, one of the other questions I'd like to ask, it's a great predictor of where you are on the spectrum from morningness to eveningness is when you do your best work and when you want to work out, a true morning person will say, oh, you know, the morning or an evening person will say, I love to get a workout enough to work. I don't think I have a handful of times. Have you ever worked out after work? Oh my god, I need a lot of motivation. Or you know, it's not going to happen. I'm exhausted. I'd rather get a bit for to train than I would rather train at 5pm.