Where does discipline come in? I think that discipline is very controversial, whether it's yelling, speaking, etc. Where does discipline play a role in all of this early on? And then as they become young girls. So we reframe the word. People ask me all the time and they mean my kids. How do you discipline them? Oh my gosh, they're so well-behaved, right? But they're also, they can have conversations and they're articulate and they're, you know, they're clearly very comfortable in any scenario. And clearly very comfortable around adults and they're comfortable leading and they're like, how did you discipline them? And what they're asking is, did you yell at them? Did you not yell at them? Did you do the thing where it's like, okay honey, anything you want, right? And just like the whole Laza affair, like did you where you super like strict authority? What did you do? What did you do? None of that. We taught them to be discipline humans. That's a different thing. You don't have to discipline them. You teach them how to be disciplined by being disciplined. So what does that look like in our house? It's all of those family values. But it is always pointing toward, it's not compromising. Like we point towards the ideal. We talk about how to handle a certain scenario. What is the right thing to do in any time we see them doing the right thing? We go over and above, especially foundation of those first five years, like overboard going, yes, like we praise them inspirationally. So my son, you know, we go outside, we've got, and, and taking care animals. And he goes over and he pulls the gate back and lets his sisters and his mom go first, right? Dude, I, I will not miss a time. And I will not miss a time. When I see him doing that, you are a good man. That is what a good man does. Like that's like I will make sure he knows that's the thing. So what happens now? Any time we go anywhere, my son is notorious for he will, if they're, he will hold the door open for everybody, especially if it's women or girls or children. He won't miss it. And every time, I'm like, I will, I literally, my community doesn't, I bow to him with his son. Thank you. I'm like, dude, that's, that's it. Like that's the man, right there, right? I will praise inspirationally. Any time they do any time they go up and they're just like, hey, here's my name, you know, son, so nice to meet you. Took an design. That's it. That's how that's how a leader acts, right? That's how a leader acts, right? They're exactly what you just did to keep doing that. Right? So we set the standard, we praise them inspirationally every time they hit it, especially for those first five years. And then again, five to eight is kind of the next developmental range. And you give them a little extra responsibility, praise it, praise it, praise it. When they miss the mark, because they will. Especially, for example, within that three to five, what, what do you do in there? Because they are authorails. They're, but they don't have to be authorails in every scenario, right? Oh, my, my, my, three year old is, when he was, are my eight year old when he was three, did he was a, he is your stereotypical, like, dude is wants to be in a tree or fighting some, yes, yeah. Let's fight a great man. Let's do it. Let's do it all day long until it's time to not. We have this weird thing where it's like we can't. But they just want to cool, but they also are really smart beings. And they will understand when you say, hey, that's awesome. Like, I'm watching about to do this. Here's what we don't do. When we go into a restaurant, this is how we be. Watch this. Let's make a game out of this. Like watch daddy. I'm learning so much. You just, you're in tension. And they will just gravitate towards it. I love one of the things Jordan Peterson talks about. He says your job up until their five years old is to make him somebody worth being around. Because if you make it to where nobody wants to be around them, you're actually setting them up for failure. Nobody wants them to be around anymore. That sucks. They're going to treat them differently. They're not going to invite them to things. They're not going to have as many opportunities to grow as a human. So, man, or still matter, right? I want my young man to be a whey. And he's out at American top team now training, you know, a couple days a week. He's doing ninja warrior like he's out. My wife sent me a picture this morning. And he's way up in this freaking tree in the pasture. Like he's doing all the things that a young man should be able to have the opportunity to do. But somebody comes over to the house. He knows he goes over. He shakes her hand. I am loud and nice to meet you. Because that's the right thing. He doesn't have to know why yet. He doesn't have to yet. He just needs to know that that's what we do. And basically, it's continued to praise the good. Put boundaries on the bat. And when they are throwing and I understand that this is a very specific question. But I also think that a transletes to us as adults, when they are absolutely throwing a fit about not being able to have candy in the morning. For example, this happened this morning. And I just said, you know what? Yeah, that's really upsetting that you can't have it. But here's when you can't, when you can't have it, you can have it this afternoon. And you know, they just fall on meltdown. But they have to be able to learn how to control their emotion in that. 100% in that way. 100% in that way. And we'll speak them very like, we have this weird thing that kids are, this this concept in our minds that kids are, like they're learning to be people. They're people. They just, they just got less experience than we do, right? Does he? So we can talk to them and they're like, you know what, you're kind of throwing a temper tantrum. You know, ever see mom and dad do this. And I'm not going to honor that. We have a, you know, in our house, there's freedoms, but freedoms come with responsibility. There's responsibility. First, right now, the responsibility you're taking on is throwing a temper tantrum. There's no reward on the other end of that. So you can do that all you want. But I want you to understand what you're throwing a temper tantrum for. You're automatically not going to get it. Now because there's a temper tantrum. If you would come up and ask me calmly, then we can have a discussion about it. Right? I promise if you have those conversations a few times and you're consistent with your message. Sometimes they get the temper tantrum and they get what they want. Sometimes the temper tantrum doesn't get what they want. They're going to test you. They're going to test you. Like which one do you actually mean mom and dad? Yeah. Because you're not, you're not being consistent. If you're consistent on it, it won't take more than a couple. And they won't throw temper tantrums any more assuming factory settings are still solid. Right? So they're able to get out and get exercise. They're able to be fit like they're not getting fed a bunch of garbage. They're not sitting down and looking at screens all day. And they're not doing all these things that make it squarely, you do all those things you're going to have more temper tantrums.