Can a man go to a urologist and say, I would like this penis size? Well, no, unfortunately, if we could change penis size, I think it'd be busy operating currently. Though what we can do with penal implants is guarantee an erection every time, with no worries, no anxiety, no pill shots or anything, it's a great surgical solution to a problem that's been around for a really long time. How long have penal implants been on the table for people? And most people are really surprised. I know that's 50 years, 50 years, we just had my 50th year anniversary last year. This treatment for rectal dysfunction actually preceded pills, shots, vacuum devices, but not much anything else. And that's one of the reasons I actually why it's covered by insurance, because it's the oldest treatment. Wow. I'm fascinated. You have to break this down. A rectal dysfunction is a huge problem. Yes. Dr. Moe Cara, our very good friends, has 40% of men at the age or over the age of 40. Yep. 50% of men have it at 50. And so on. So a rectal dysfunction is a major problem. Absolutely. Probably the first line solution isn't surgical. Is that? Of course. The first line solution is to prevent from happening in the first place. And that, of course, is based on foundational pillars of health, diet, exercise, sleep, stress mitigation. Those are the core tennis that are going to keep your penis healthy for a long time. But sometimes in life, we get, I don't know, prostate cancer or whatever we need a surgery, and you get a collateral damage. And so it's from that collateral damage that often men will develop problems of directions that no longer are responsible to pills. And once that happens, you can make the decision to fix it definitively with a surgery. Can you walk me through just on a very high level? How does that work? How does that surgical procedure implemented? Well, I guess the first thing to understand is that in order to get a good erection, you have to have blood flowing into the penis. And that blood has to be trapped there. So when you look at why rectinns stop working, the most common cause is a vascular problem. So nearing of the blood vessels going into the penis, so you have a blood flow in problem. Those can be often mitigated or addressed with pills or shots or even exercise, right? So if you exercise, you get better blood flow to the area, you can fix these problems. That's one set of reasons why the penis feels. The other one is blood is in trap there appropriately. So you have to develop what these surgeries try to do is mimic mother nature. And instead of blood flowing into the penis, we put kind of aligning inside the penis, across thesis, where men will pump normal sand or salt water into the device. And when they pump the device, the fluid is transferred from a holding tank or reservoir, which is typically hidden next to the bladder or somewhere in the abdomen. And so they'll pump the fluid into the penis. And they'll keep the erection, whereas long as I leave the fluid in there, right? So you can have an erection for four hours, 15 minutes, it doesn't make a difference. And then when you're done, you hit it to flight button. And then normal saline goes back to the holding tank. So as a surgeon, when I do an implant, I put in three, four ounces of fluid, 100 milliliters or so of saline. And that same saline powers the device for the next many, many years, the average device. We've the same saline that it's recycled. Exactly. So it's essentially when the fluids in the reservoir and not in the penis, the penis looks normal, flaccid. Nobody can tell you how to. No one can tell. What about the pump? It's like a third testicle, but hidden. So most men who are single who have it came plant their partner as no idea. Lee cow. Yep. So it's completely hidden. It's completely locked and improved. The joke is of course if you leave it and inflate it all, I just got that slide. I just got that slide. So, you know, not so hidden, but you can decide when and where it's going to happen. And so it takes away all the anxiety and problems that people have when they're thinking about having problems with sex. And on average, these devices last half of them last 20 years. So they tend to outlive most other prosthetics. They outlive breast implants, pacemakers, hip implants. These kind of things. It's amazing because they have functional parts. But at five years, 5% break, 10 years about 10 to 15% will up until 15 years, 30% break. So they have a really long longevity. And most guys who get an implant will die with it working, the average age of implantations around seven years of old age or so. But. What's the average age of implantation? Is about 68 around 70? But would if someone came in who is younger, would there be any issue of, let's say someone has major performance anxiety and their 50. Yeah. The strength of the implant is that it works really well every time. One of the weaknesses is that if other stuff still works, then you don't want to do an implant because that other stuff won't work anymore. I see. So it's a surgical decision and once pills fail, that's the decision point. Do I want to try shots or do I want to do surgery? And it's a very reasonable look at the surgery if you don't like needles. It's covered like I said covered by insurance, completely invisible, very spontaneous. And the other thing which people always ask me is like, well, those who feel the same, the answer is yes. So both parties. Yes. Again, the partner doesn't know you have a plot prosthesis. Unless they're like in the medical profession. Or very, very observant for the man who gets the implant a sensation is essentially unchanged. Does it change the size of the penis? Great question. Like everybody else asks, can you add an intro to doc? Right? And again, like the answer is no. Essentially, Mother Nature gives you a certain length. And then you're kind of stuck with that. Now, there is debate as to whether or not when you get the implant, whether or not you lose a little bit of length. When we actually do good studies, the answer is no. But patients do have this perception because they tend to remember the majesty of their erection when they're 18. Compared to now when they have an head sex for 10 years, some men have this perception that means somewhat shorter. So you have really have to counsel about that. Right? So as a surgeon, it's all about risk benefits ratios. And if a patient comes to me and says, doc, I want to have a consistent erection without having to use pills or shots without fear of it not working. They're going to be happy. If they just want to penetrate an intercourse with their partner, if they come to the expectation that they're going to be enhanced somehow in terms of lengthwise, they're going to be disappointed. So you really have to do a good job as a surgeon to make sure that the patient understands that. And anybody, you know, considering this type of surgery, you need to educate yourself as to the risks and benefits of any procedure. And then you'll end up happy. I have a question that I don't know if you've ever seen and I don't even know if it's a thing. Is there ever something where penis cannot get an erection? Maybe it's a genetic defect of vascular surgery? All the time. Really? Yeah, all the time. So when I look at the age range of patients that have put up peeling implant in, it's 18 to 98. So that's, you know, if anybody out there is 100 years old, please come see me because I want to say I put an implant in 100 year old. So then you're all, you're all, did great by the way. But some people are born with this congenital venous leak, where the venous trappings is done work, or some men are born with, you know, some kind of a genetic defect, or whatever it is, where they've never had a good erection. If they're in tire life, some had patients come to me where like they're actually having pain with their erections because they've never stretched the penis before. Wow. So, but, you know, the surgery can fix it. And there are many men who have never had an erection in their entire life. Like age 16, 17, 18. We see them for the first time. It's like never had a good one. So that's fixable. That's treatable. I'm really grateful that surgery is available, and can be done in a convenient one.