So for anybody listening if you're asking, what's the best way to get creating into our multiple faster, I say exercise? Don't worry about carnal migratory, some protein and all that other stuff. I think create or exercise has been one of the best things to stimulate it. So exercise is foundational and then creating can pull for you have a small greater effect. And would that be through natural production or are you talking about oral supplementation and diet? It's through a combination of diet, supplementation and natural production. But in those studies it wasn't in the presence of a supplementation. So five grand dose of the treating is found in polygodinalogram of a steak or seafood. So the cost of groceries, ethical treatment, animals, whatever your preference, it may be something considered from a supplementation perspective. But those studies are all based on the powder, the boring white powder of creating, yeah. Thank you to Apollo Nouril for sponsoring this episode of the show. The Apollo is my favorite wearable. It helps me manage my body. It helps me sleep better, remain focused, be more present. The Apollo was developed by neuroscientists and physicians. It delivers a silent soothing. Yes, I say soothing depends on how high you push the intensity, vibration that conditions your nervous system. And you guys like numbers. Let me throughout some numbers. It's been proven in multiple clinical trials and real world studies. Apollo wearable users have experienced 40% less stress, 19% more time in deep sleep on average, 11% increase in HRV, which is heart rate variability. And up to 25% more focus and concentration. Apollo is still a new technology. A lot of people don't know about it. I'm thrilled to bring this to you. It is absolutely phenomenal. You can get yours. Go to Apollo Nouril.com slash doctor lion. That's Apollo Nouril.com slash doctor lion. And you will get $40 off the Apollo wearable. Dr. Darren Kandau, thank you so much for joining me on the show. I'm thrilled to have you. And we are going to learn all about creating who should take it. How much and quite simply that it affects more than muscle is not true. Right. Yeah, thank you for having me. I'm really excited to be here in honor and super excited to talk about everything that's creating. Well, first of all, tell me a little bit about yourself and where you are in the world and what you're doing because you've been certainly studying and creating for quite some time now. Yeah, actually, I'm in Brace Kamiya, Canada right now, but my university is where John is a sketch on Kandau, a couple of provinces over. And God, I guess I've been doing this now for two decades. And I think creating this kind of taken on a new life of its own. We'll probably talk about why that is. And now why it's probably not just for athletes anymore, I think everybody on the planet could at least consider it. So lots of talk about it. And I think it's more of the health aspect. So we're very excited. And what in first of all, what inspired you to begin focusing on creating? Because that's quite niche. There's only, I would say if we look in the literature, maybe there's and correct me, 10 people that 10 or maybe 15 if we were lucky, that truly look at creating and its impact on muscle, brain, bone, etc. Yeah, that's right. They act of researchers. There's a small few. But I got in the creating by accidents. So as an inspiring graduate student that did my master's on amino acid glutamine. And back then, we were thinking, oh, we heard a lot of people say glutamine was really beneficial for recovery and things like that. And I did my master's thesis. I could include me. And I had no effect on body composition or strength. And as a graduate student, you're very rejected. You're like, oh, God, I'm not even going to pass my thesis. And then we've come to learn, vaults, a non-essential amino acid, it kind of makes sense. It's kind of a useless from a muscle growth perspective. And at the same time, I had to call a doctor, Darren Burke, who's now got into industry. He was interested in the compound called creatine. And when he was doing a study, he was finding very good statistical results with good effect sizes. And as working on myself, I've heard about creatine. And I sort of branched off the something that seemed to be more attractive at the time. And then we started to introduce the idea into aging and young females and older females. And that's really where it's taken off. So I kind of got into it by a little bit of accident, but I'm really glad I did. Basically, you rejected glutamine, which I think is fascinating. Glutamine has a very interesting role in immune function. And so I feel bad for glutamine, but I'm very excited about the work that you're doing in creatine. And for the listener, what is creatine? If you could just break down what it is, where it's found? Yeah, it's a nitrogen containing compound. We're naturally producing in reactions in the in the liver and brain. We produce about maybe one to three grams, three grams would be for those have a hydrogenate variability. But a lot of people don't know, we can actually consume it in the diet without a supplement. So if you consume red meat, seafood, or poultry, you're consuming about one to two grams a day. Now, if you're a vegan vegetarian and you're not consuming any whereas you're on a carnivore diet, you're consuming at the high end. So when you add those two together, and we also excrete some creatine through our urine, it's a bioproductal creatine. And we can probably talk about a false positive. A lot of people should tell their doctor when they go. But that's why I think supplementation has become so popular because some research in the late 1990s simply showed that if you increase this nitrogen containing compound naturally, you can get some beneficial effects. Very similar to protein when it comes into the body. That's why I think the safety profile of creatine is just like protein. It's very safe, very effective. And it's kind of like a little protein molecule, but it doesn't have the same effects as protein. And it's fascinating because nitrogen containing compound, it doesn't actually promote muscle growth. Is that true? And that's interesting. Oftentimes when we think about amino acids, we do think about the necessity of these nitrogen containing compounds. What does it do in the body? Where is it found and what does it do? Yeah, it's very unique. It seems to bypass the acidic environment of the stomach and it gets into the bloodstream intact. And if we go back to even our high school biology, if it's discovered in 1832, but creatine really helps maintaining a data saying try false thing or the energy currency of all our cells. So, you know, what we're performing activities in daily living exercise, I'm shoveling the driveway here in Canada, whatever it is, you're using ATP inside your muscles. And if we can sort of prolong our ability to exercise at higher intensities, creatine really sort of sacrifice itself. It really maintains the energy currency of our cells. And that's why it became so popular for athletes. But now we have new research to suggest not only does it enhance energy, but it has a whole plough for other effects in the cell, including bone and brain heat, and probably why it's become such a hot topic for overall longevity and health purposes. That's quite fascinating. And I'm assuming that the influence and the amount needed to get through the blood brain barrier and also effect bone is probably likely much higher than what would be needed for skeletal muscle. In muscle, creatine is important for what you said energy. In bone, what is it's impact on bone? So it's very similar. So what seems to act as a fuel source, like fuel for your vehicle, our osteoplast cells are these cells that help build up the bone. They use creatine for energy. And of course, if they have more energy to put calcium and phosphate salts into the matrix of your skeleton, that's probably why we're certainly to see some positive effects, especially in females. But it also seems to reduce bone breakdown. It's kind of like a fist fall snake given to someone at previous for osteopeenia or osteoporosis. So it's sort of axis of fuel. In muscle, there's about 10 things that we think creatine does. And then in the brain, it also has a different effects. But when you need common denominator, it seems to have an any inflammatory effect to all three of those tissues, which is sort of an emerging area. Does it act like an air-villetrolinal kind of, but it seems to sort of preserve or create a more favorable environment for ourselves to not only exercise at the higher volume, but also to recover faster. And when you measure anti-inflammatory effect, what marker? We know what markers are in muscle with cytokines will measure to our noxrocyst factor alpha or inner-looking sticks. But in the brain, the primarily measured mitochondrial oxidative stress. Primarily, obviously, blood and rodents is very tough to measure and bring tissue from an ethical statement. We don't recommend that. Exactly. Or into the brain. So it seems to have those effects. One of the big areas we really need to push forward, especially from female health, is seeing does creating a cumulative bone tissue, but to do bone-by-obsès with very, very difficult. There's only a few labs in the world that do that. But we have a really good idea on the effects on muscle. And each tissue is different and may require a different dose. So we can probably talk about some of those questions today. I would love to. Is there a genetic threshold for someone who is eating for example, creating, you said that the body makes one, two, three grams, likely depending on the size, or the person. But is there a genetic threshold or are some people say resistant? So there is technically a genetic threshold. The series of studies done in the late 99th clearly shorter. Our body can hold about 120 to about 160 millimoles or grams of creatine in our muscle. Now, if you get larger amongst those, you can store more. Think of your living room. Maybe the living room is three quarters full of creatine. If you take a supplement, it's completely full. However, there are outliers. And when you look at all those seminal studies, the average weight was about 70 to 80 kilograms. Now we have professional athletes, a hundred, 120 kilograms. And in one of those individuals in 1992, he was able to get his creatine up to 190 grams. So I think as the body is a volume of training techniques, I think there's an indirect ceiling. But I think we can push past that in one of the best ways is if you exercise. That seems to really enhance the ability to store more creatine. Wow. And why is that? Well, one of the big things is just like if you understand the principles for those listening about glucose and group four transport proteins getting into our cell, when you exercise, you stimulate blood flow. And these little doorways that allow creatine in. So for anybody listening, if you're asking, what's the best way to get creatine into our multiple faster? I say exercise. Don't worry about carbohydrate, protein and all that other stuff. I think creatine exercises have been one of the best things to stimulate it. So exercise is foundational and then creatine can hopefully give a small greater effect. And would that be through natural production or are you talking about oral supplementation and diet? It's through a combination of diet, supplementation and natural production. But in those studies, it wasn't in the presence of a supplementation. So five grand dose of creatine is found in polygnautheologram of a state or sea food. So the cost of groceries, ethical treatment panels, whatever your preference, it may be something to consider from a supplementation perspective. But those studies are all based on the power, the boring white power of creatine. And how much, this just makes me think about when we design a document for optimizing longevity and aging. If what I'm hearing you say that individuals make creatine and that supplementation isn't per se necessary, but could be important if you don't eat red meat or don't eat fish. If someone was designing a diet, how much protein in one day? If your goal would be to not just target muscle at five grams of creatine a day or three to five depending male female. I'm sure you'll tell me if that matters, if the sex matters. But we want to target bone and brains. How much in one day would someone need to eat? Yeah, that's an excellent segue because I think creatine can be considered conditionally essential for those who don't have a lot of protein or red meat or things in their diet or aging does have a negative effect. So I personally take 10 grams for a whole body. So the way I justify this is your right three to five grams is plenty for muscle. Like you could go as little as three, probably even a little bit less. That's plenty for muscle because we only have a so much room. The problem is if 95% of the creatine is stored in muscle, you only have less than five percent trickling to the brain and or bone. And one of the theories in the research studies suggesting a longer dosing protocol or higher dose to now have more accumulating in the brain and the bone. So I personally take 10 grams. But a fascinating study just came out two days ago where they gave me about a really mega dose. And it was the first time one single dose. It was about 30 grams. It could actually accumulate in the brain using MRS, which is the gold standard. It's like the MRI for muscle. But during times of metabolic stress. So it's sure we'll talk about who should expect benefits from a cognitive perspective who shouldn't. But if you're really sleep the pride and things, I think the brain can sort of take in more creatine because it's demanding. Thank you to Timeline Nutrition for sponsoring this episode of the show. You've heard me talk about my dopure before. My dopure is incredible. If you are not taking it and have not tried it, this is the one supplement that I hear. My patients come back to me and say, I have more energy. My dopure is a clinically tested form of urlithin A. urlithin A is a post biotic and only 30 to 40 percent of people can actually make it from the foods that they eat within their gut microbiome. This does a few things. It helps energy generating mitochondria. It also improves strength and endurance specifically in people that are middle aged. Who doesn't want more of that? There are many different ways to take mitochondria. You can mix mitochondria berry or ginger powder into your have a vanilla protein shake with mitochondria. I personally use their soft gels. Super easy to travel with. Get yours at timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion. That's Timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion to get 10 percent off your order. We did a study with long COVID and really show that the brain was really sensitive to the peripheral amount of creatine. I don't know anybody that's not sleep deprived. Especially in academia. I think studying for exams you're flying to Europe. You get off the plane jet lag. These are times where I think this metabolite could really play a role and they're starting to look at them all-time or research now in the states. I think there's a huge explosion coming up. When you think about a whole food diet, would that mean if an individual didn't want to take a supplementation that potentially lean red meats would be the best source? Yeah, lean red meats or seafood. We'll have the highest concentration dose. Pultry has a lot less so red meat or seafood will get you there. However, if you're just looking at it from a muscle perspective, one serving a day with your natural synthesis might be enough. If you're looking at it from a greater perspective, anybody on a carnivore diet, I would speculate they might not respond at all all to supplementation because they're taking a lot. But if you have a naturally high rate of the dog's production, you eat one or two servings of seafood or remedy today, you may not experience any benefits noticeable from creating and you're considered a non-responder. But I will say the only considered non-responder from a muscle perspective. I think the emergence on brain, the immune system and a ball is something that we don't have to definitely look at down the road. And quite frankly, that's more exciting because creating and muscle has been studied for a really long time. I do love that you're bridging the gap in looking at, I have a here, a two year randomized control trial on creating supplementation during exercise for post-menopausal bone health. That I think the women going through parrymenopaus and menopaus really have been underserved just in a lot of ways. Because creating went, let's be truthful. When you think about creating, you probably think about the guys in the gym and slamming it without water, at least I do and really seeing the work that you're doing in women and also aging. Really seems to be important. People will ask, when is it too early to start or is it never too early to start? I've got a lot of questions from patients that have kids in high school. You know, I live in Texas, sports are big, could a 16 year old start with creating with their being a negative impact, could it potentially be positive and is there an accumulation over time? For example, if a 16 year old starts with, let's say, 10 grams of creating throughout their entire life, do they have an advantage or is it short-lived and is it just re- the benefit just when an individual is taking it? Yeah, that's an excellent question. So this answer is sort of evolved. Typically, most studies are 18 in the bottom and you've hit the nail on the head primarily in young males. So the whole body of research in females is underrepresented and it is emerging though. But then new data started to come out for some great research in the USA talking about children and creating an ecstasy, alluring in Australia is now looking at it during pregnancy and for the field development and we're starting to see problems there primarily in the road but it souls the body of energetics. So the pregnancy obviously huge caution but there's some promise when we get in it, children is a bit more a sound data there and it seems to be very same and very beneficial for me or it's in help of respect. There's never been a study to look at blood biomarkers in children but they're currently doing that now. To be honest, I would be shocked if there's any adverse effects at a three to five ram dose. It's very similar to protein when we consume it, the body sees it if it doesn't like it if you just excret it in the year hand. But to your point, does it accumulate all time? We don't really know if you start too early. But my guess is it's probably never too early to consider it. If you're eating breadmeter, seafood, it's going to accumulate it all the other benefits including protein. But it does bring the question. We do know at higher dose you just for long periods of time, there is a theory that can de-sensitize your doorways into the muscle. So that's where the question is, should I cycle it or should I take it continuously? There's no evidence, just one is better than the other. So we don't really know, do you downgrade your natural benefit? We do know taking it will not stop your natural production. That's been clear in human. So I think it's something that's that are safe and a very viable intervention to at least consider all our time. And do we know if women or if children make the same one to three grams a day, is it based on size or is it just based on if someone is human or not? Yeah, if my merrily the parents come from adults, but it does just rapidly down to the child. And then again, the dog's age, if it's three to five grams or we use a relative to those zero point one gram per kilogram. So the you know, the kids the child's 40 kilograms, it's four grams a day for larger, playing high school football and tax. It's some of these individuals that will over a hundred kilograms already. It's based on the size. But I think an absolute ghost load recommendation three to five grams it will accumulate three grams, which usually and fill up your muscle in 30 days. The scene is the loading phase with no adverse effects included water retention. So it's really up to the individual. How do you want to achieve those benefits? One is so is what I'm hearing you say one would expect an improvement in performance if they are taking a dose that targets skeletal muscle within 30 days. Yeah, that's that a low dose. Now if they wanted to do the loading phase, you'll probably get those effects in about five days. So if you just say I want to take three grams a day, you'll start to notice improvements maybe halfway through. But the muscle is going to be completely full at 30 days. So again, it's really how much patience you have. And let's break down a myth, really. Does creatine affect that loss? So we published two meta-analysis of last two years and it was a bit surprising to me to be honest when we looked at all the data, creatine and resistance exercise compared to resistance exercise alone in individuals 18 and above. There was a decrease. Not an increase. There was a slight decrease in percent body fat. It was only about one to one and half percent and then the absolute reduction was 0.5 kilograms. So over time is that meaningful? I guess you could say it didn't increase fat and it has slight decrease. So for those individuals that are very hesitant, if you do take creatine and you notice that the number went up on the scale in the first week or so, please note it's highly probable. It's water. Your body will adjust. And how do we know that when we do pre and post interventions, the weight is usually identical. Leantissue or muscle mass typically goes up with creatine. And therefore you would speculate that might help explain why fat mass will go down. But I get a question about body blucers all the time. Can I take creatine before I'm doing competition? I say absolutely not only will it increase the surface area of your muscle to potentially maintain a training volume, but it could have an ability to improve aesthetics. I would not recommend the loading phase, which is 20 grams a day for about five to seven days. Unless you're not lead athlete, that's because that's where you can get into some issues with loading, water retention, or acute increase in weight. And that's probably one of the main reasons young females do not like taking a loading phase. But for the Olympic athletes coming up with a pair of my guess, as most will be peaking and trying to understand the principles of creatine before the big race or a bad game. And just to be clear, what kind of exercise would this would create an impact? It used to only involve resistance exercise. And a primarily does where an enrolled face of sports where you're exploding, sprinting, jumping, but all of a sudden we've never been able to emerge against that a can improve aspects when endurance or a role in capacity. Primarily reducing inflammation or improving their ability to perform sports as a soccer or or swimming. So now we think that creatine has application if done properly for any type of athletic events. But yes, 90% of the efficacy is based on weight training. What you're saying also is that it seems to be safe for everybody. Is there anyone that shouldn't take it? I struggle to find any money that shouldn't take the only subcategory is that if you have pre-existing renal or liver abnormalities, I've a strongly cautioned unit of consult with your doctor for two reasons. When you take creatine supplementation and it gets into the muscle when it's broken down with weight training, it's broken down and all this creatine, but it's something called creatine. And everybody says, oh, I've been remembered that that one hard blood requisition form and my doctor gets mad at me and my creatine is by. So if you're considering creating supplementation, please tell your not for all just your GP, you're taking supplementation. Typically your creatine will be wide that doesn't want me in your in renal failure. We're creating it to sit the size, it's the in reactions in the kidney or liver. It may make those organs work a little bit harder. So we always caution if you have any pre-existing genetic history of renal or liver abnormalities, please consult with your physician. But on the other hand, we just probably said study you mentioned two years in postmenopausal females and we gave 11 grams a day for straight year. Two population that is genetically predisposed to have organ and deterioration. And we measured renal and liver, I've insulated it every year and there was no difference. So we're very confident now that even a high dose of creatine can be treated very healthy through the body. And that's why most consider creatine to be the safest, most effective for a genetic aid today, even more than caffeine. Which again, creatine has been around for a very long time. You know, we're talking a lot about muscle. What about its impact on the brain, the dosage and how long it would take for dietary or supplementation, the supplementation of creatine to impact brain in a meaningful way. And you'd mention children. Does it help with ADHD? Does it help with spatial processing, etc. Memory? Yeah, it's an emerging area and the doceing strategies are evolving. And all of a sudden a daily basis, they seem to change a little bit. But in summary, it can have beneficial effects to many aspects of the brain. The brain uses 20% of our energy through it today. So when you're metabolically stressed, studying, flying whichever day is our brain is using a lot of creatine, just like our muscle for ATP. But unlike muscle, which acts as a factor human, it sucks in a lot of creatine from the blood. As you already mentioned, the blood has this really important blood brain barrier. And it says, well, well, we make our own creatine. Why would we need any from the blood? Go to muscle or ball and we don't need you. However, sleep deprivation, highpox, yet elderly individuals or any type of metabolic stress, or now starting to see really good evidence using magnetic resonance spectroscopy that creatine can accumulate. And based on the totality of evidence, you need a higher dose than muscle or a longer period of time. So I'll break it in a two strategies. You can probably take about four to five grams a day, but you're going to need successive weeks or months to accumulate. You can take 20 grams a day or about seven days. And that's been shown to accumulate. That study released the other day. You could take 30 grams in one mega dough. That's been shown to get in. But I don't know if that's very viable on a daily basis. My guess is you would probably get some GI tract irritation. There has been some minimal evidence in children, but only from a post-concussion recovery aspect. But to your memory of memory and spate organization that primarily found during sleep deprivation in an older adult, where when they were asleep the private or a cess-type cognition, they seem to improve memory. But if the brain is not stressed, we're not seeing any benefits. There may not be any benefit to creating. If someone is training hard and not sleeping, let's say military or an academic who has to get in a grant proposal, I'm sure you know a few of those, and is on a deadline, would they require more? If they are training really hard and they're utilizing creating on a daily basis, would they need more to get to the blood brain barrier, a above and beyond say that 10 grams? Would there be, do those patients or those people need 30 grams? Yeah, it's very logical to say yes because if they're training more at a higher intensity, the muscle will extract them metabolize more, and then you might have less going to the brain. But the whole area right now is in France last summer. Those athletes like a soccer professional football in the third quarter or the second half, again, when they're really cognitively fatigued, maybe creating can allow them to focus on near the end of a game or with the Olympics coming up. So the theory is that the more training you do or the more metabolically stressed, and that's what that study just clearly showed, you may need more. Can you take 20 grams of creating or 30 in one dose? I don't think that's very viable. I think you need to tie trade and break it up into more frequent dose teachers, and we have four studies that are being upcoming, a typical, is more smaller frequent dose, it's just better. But I think to your point, the more intense you're training, as you get older, you may need more just like if we were out in protein, it's the same analogy, you know, the antibiotic resistance, is there antibiotic resistance with creating it's logical because they sort of understand the same principle. And that's why we gave us the high dose in those pulse menopause of females. We speculated the catastrophic effects of aging muscle loss could sort of require more in the diet. Thank you to mudwater for sponsoring this episode of the show. If you have not heard about mudwater, you definitely should know about it. It is my favorite alternative to hot chocolate. And, by the way, it tastes incredible. It has a hint of cacao and cinnamon and this chai-tap-type flavor not only that, but it has four functional mushrooms in it. It has a fraction of the caffeine that I typically use in the afternoon. It allows me to have a kind of natural energy. I'm not having jitters. I'm not up till one or two in the morning because I made a bad decision later on in the afternoon. Cacao and chai for the hint of caffeine, lions mean for focus, cordu-seps to promote natural energy, has chaga and rishi for immune system support. It's 100% organic, non-gimo, gluten-free, and kosher mudwater also donates monthly to support psychedelic research. Very kind that they give back. You can try mudwater for $29 a month that is less than $1 a cup when you go to mudwater.com slash doctor lion, m-u-d-w-t-r dot com slash doctor lion. I absolutely agree with you. When you think about creatine and protein, I often think about them in the same way regarding a dose response regarding animal criticisms and sarcopenia. When it comes to having a synergistic effect, for example, collagen has a synergistic effect with vitamin C. You're speaking about creatine and I'm assuming you're speaking about creatine mono hydrate. I think that's really important to point out. People will ask what kind of creatine should we use? Is there a difference? So my first question is what kind of creatine is there a difference? And is and does creatine work in synergy with something else? Yeah. So as I sit here today, I'll only focus on mono hydrate for two reasons. Creatine mono hydrate means one water molecule linked to creatine when you digest it, but water molecules dissolve. It's identical to what the liver brand is producing so that's probably why it's so safe. And all the research will suggest that mono hydrate is the state that's the most effective. All the market-up forms of creatine come down to one thing. It has to be creatine to get in the blood and I've really linked speculative for hesitant that all these market-up forms that are super expensive do any better because the bio-availability of creatine mono hydrate is near 100%. But I think for anybody listening, please focus on mono hydrate and that would be the big push there. And then part- Yeah. Yeah, sorry, go ahead. And just you have repeats, part two, so I don't mess it up. Is there a synergistic effect of creatine in something else? Because again, we're just like in don's research typically they look at an individual amino acid or they'll look at a formulation of individual amino acids. And quite frankly looking at creatine doesn't exist in nature. No one is going out there to the field and picking a flower of creatine. It doesn't exist like that. It exists in a matrix. So I'm curious as if there is something within a food matrix that makes creatine more potent or has somewhat of a synergistic effect from a brain bone or muscle attack. So we'll talk about one, but we'll talk about a better one shortly that will be dire to your hurt. So it's well established that how do I see the carbohydrates can really augment the effect of carbohydrate into the muscle. But the dangers of simple process for fight sugars and a lot of people don't like that. But luckily for everybody, the protein is very gluconeogenic. It will stimulate insulin and my God as you know, we get so many health benefits from protein. And luckily there's a few studies in younger individuals and we end all the radals which we've done and we combine creatine and protein. It was a way based protein. So think of milk or dairy as the main source high concentration of lucine. And when creatine was combined with protein, it increased muscle mass and muscle strength more than creatine or protein alone. So I always create, I make a really high protein breakfast in the morning. I'll put five grams of creatine in the boat of 50 to 60 grams protein breakfast and then I'll take five grams of water during my workout. So I sort of like the idea of the synergistic effects. Without boring the viewers, it had something to do with the transcription of DNA to RNA. Coatine has been shown to increase the rates of protein synthesis. It might be a surprise if people but creatine has never been shown to directly stimulate protein synthesis. It does a lot of other things that's satellite cells. But when you add the two, you get a synergistic effect. So I think it's something to consider. People might say, oh wait a minute, isn't protein and creatine in red mini and seafood? I'm like absolutely. If you don't want to take a supplement, you can emphasize those on a diet. And this sort of leads into vacation. If I'm traveling, you don't want to take your gum, it means your canyenne, or powder across the board or whichever. I say easy. When you're at a restaurant or on vacation, maybe emphasize more red meat or seafood. And that'll help maintain those two important products in your diet. And that'll help maintain those levels over time. The issue comes down to what are the vegans and vegetarians. That's where they can get the protein. They just need to be a bit more. But they're going to really struggle to get the dietary creatine. And that's probably the area where supplementation would be considered. And we don't know any, again, the body makes creatine. But I'm sure that the human biology is designed for a more optimal level. That maybe that's fair to say. Maybe I'm extrapolating too much. But it seems as if we can think about a minimum effective dose. Maybe what the body makes. And then a more optimal dose would certainly be choosing foods that are higher in creatine. I find it interesting that fish has creatine because the tissue between fish and meat is different. Yeah, it's an interesting thing. And some of the highest concentrations are adhering, maclons, salmon. And then, of course, seafood will give you the omega-3s at high dose, it goes and there's a big push behind that as well. And I'm back to your point about, you know, looking at the natural synthesis for a lot of people. For those that have fully saturated their muscle, please note, it takes about a month for those levels to come back to baseline. And then the brain it takes about five weeks. So if someone says, hey, I've been supplementing with creatine for four or five months and I'm going away for a month, rest assured when you come back, those levels should be still elevated. Once it gets into the spell of creatine, it becomes too big, it becomes trapped. And it's in the fusion rate is very, very slow. And when you take it, you actually break it up. You have some in the morning and some during a workout, what is the evidence to support that that should be taken that way? Yeah. When should someone take creatine? Yeah. Does it need to be taken with food? Does it need to be taking into a workout before bed? There's evidence to all those points. I think through the land where study was why Roger Harris who is the landmour pioneer in air coldman. And he showed that very, very small dose, each is a creatine. His little is one gram, but 20 times a day. Now, I don't know how to think so full that it's for everybody to let the alarm fall. But they showed that more smaller frequent dose, just seem to get retaining an absorb more in the body. So you'd have less being an excreted and have more of being retained, logical, more could be going to your your demanding tissues. So I think it's just like a mega bowl of substance of protein independent of that orange 100 gram, you just do with protein. We still think that the protein distribution or pacing that you and I have talked about many times, that's probably logical to creatine as well. Taking a smaller amount of may cause an increase in absorption. So again, we'd have studies of coming to look at that and these are going to be an older adult. So we're super excited that the file gets some new data out. So that's the theory with that more retention. And it might be easier for my GI tract. When we get into high dose stitches in a single bowl of, so we have for incidents of the people say they suffer some GI tract irritation. So I've often recommend, hey, you can provide it up into many dosages with food. We find when you combine the powder in food less adverse effects less water retention. So whatever strategy those individuals can do, the timing is irrelevant. We think both exercise made the ideal, but at the end of it it's not like caffeine. I think you can take creatine at any other time of the day. And really, it's whatever's convenient for you to maintain compliance. And is the timing, I can appreciate that it's irrelevant, but if perhaps someone was in a more catabolic state or hypocaloric, would it make sense because blood flow is now increased to tissue? Yeah. So perhaps the delivery of creatine would be improved. That's 100% correct. So I usually recommend and close proximity to exercise. So before during or after, it makes sense obviously blood flow kinetics to the muscle and it's going to stimulate the muscle that take it in. So it is one of those strategies we propose in many papers. Now we think that's very beneficial is it better than in the morning or evening? We're not sure yet, but we have that study actually upcoming. So that's a very viable and effective strategy. But you sort of stole one of my ideas that I'm at thinking is like, what about this any catabolic effects of creatine? What about for all those individual athletes or goals on a hypocloric diet or during fasting? We know if you increase protein that can sort of overcompensate for the loss, maybe creating a problem would give you a better effect. So the study I would love to do is also on a hypocloric diet or fasting or bed rest. I look at protein and creatine together versus creatine only versus protein only to see can one of the very effect of my whole is you maintain or increase muscle but dieting and potentially lose a little bit of adipose tissue. The big study that I think needs to be done is can creatine rest you the muscle loss from a zinpych, a semicaluatide? That'll be a big push. The big loss of fat can we take something that can preserve muscle? That's what raining going down the road and I think could help longevity. And that would be very interesting because I don't know of any anabolic effect of creatine per se for example, losing in muscle protein synthesis we can appreciate that mechanism of action. The mechanism of action from creatine standpoint is there one that would perpetuate or prevent a catabolic activity in tissue? Yeah so there's a few from a catabolic perspective it seems to decrease the rates of body protein breakdown so that might have implications for those bad rest or going through excessive exercise training. It also seems to reduce reactivocity of species or oxidative stress so both the dull they're accelerated during the aging process and accelerated during and test exercise. So some really good evidence to support at those from an anabolic perspective you're right it doesn't stimulate the rates of male fibular protein synthesis but it certainly increases you have one satellite cells transcription factors and some of the proteins in the amtour pathway. We are upcoming a study to look at the rates of male fibular or sarcoplasmic hypertrophy which probably makes more sense. I've talked about the microobrits and all about this, you know, creatine is automatic and it will swell the cell that stimulates protein synthesis indirectly. So I think it works kind of like the caramel secret in a magical way but I it hasn't been shown to increase active mice of protein synthesis yet and again you've already sort of a touch-on lean tissue one of the big now falls in measuring lean tissue is you know at best 15% might be dry muscle so we need to do more direct imaging with biopsyp and amtour protein traces but I'm sure it's coming but since it's just made up of three amino acids it's probably likely a wooden increase protein synthesis because you need those essential amino acids in the whole amount to be there so at the end of it it seemed to be advantageous I think cake is exercise, whole team is the very nice icing on it and sprinkles on top of the cake maybe creatine or omega-3 is told it may provide a small beneficial effect. And now I'm going to throw a wrench into it because I had four groups of individuals that I wanted to talk about and the next group a hypocloric was one of them the next group is a sedentary individual what a sedentary individual with no glycogen flux very minimal activity which I consider sedentary behavior to be a disease state have any would creatine have any impact on a sedentary individual. Yeah there's about 10 studying to suggest there is some from a muscle perspective and their the majority are in all of it rattles however they were still performing activities the daily living and it only seems to have a beneficial effect primarily from a muscle performance perspective. It's well been shown without an exercise intervention in the study to have massive improvements in young individuals but again are they working out so to answer question from sure bed reps we don't know and that's the study we propose and we're trying to get for that. You make a really important point that I would love to highlight that you'd mentioned it can improve quote lean tissue people often correlate lean tissue with skeletal muscle mass and what Darren is saying is they are not the same I think this has been a huge failure in the scientific community not by anyone's fault it's very difficult to measure at a population basis skeletal muscle but they are not the same lean tissue and skeletal muscle not the same I'm very interested in D3 Creed to you as a way of looking at skeletal muscle mass I'm sure your interested in probably will be instituting that and hopefully some of your studies. Yeah it's you make a really good point I have a conference next week in New Mexico and Bill Evans will be there and he's kind of come up with a D3 so we've at these conferences on serpopenia that whole theory is can't we use D3 Creed to be based on the creatine molecule because it's primarily in muscle of course minimal limitation with bolinum and brain turnover but you're right that the problem is we always use dexid or BIA we did put out a small metanalysis bronchoprachon felt last year and the effect size on direct measures on muscle mass only using a CT or ultrasound the effect size was average it was about 30% more direct imaging a muscle in combination with weight training of course but again there's limitations with that as well you got to do MRI by obviously send you a three or four compartment model so when people say they put on muscle mass you know it's okay for the average person to think that for the scientists we know it's probably not the case at best my guess is if you put on a kilogram of lean mass maybe 500 grams of that dry muscle if you're working out but your right is very difficult to do yet. As we get more nuanced and capable I really believe that we will do this I actually haven't mentioned this but I'm going to be going back into research and we're going to look retrospectively at testosterone and some other hormones with D3 Creed. Pretty cool. It is absolutely emerging area of super fascinating. In terms of sarcopenia what is creatine's impact on sarcopenia if an individual begins taking creatine early do we know is there a prevention does it affect the tissue? Yeah we don't know if it's a prevention but we've proposed it in many times to be an potential anti-sarcopenic intervention in combination with exercise so sarcopenia is now diagnosed by reduction in strength then muscle and or leg mass and then functionality and in several meta-analysis creatine how to make sure we don't prove all three of those facets. The big limitation is that it's never been shown in a population diet known with sarcopenia at a large scale so we typically measure this in healthy individuals who may not have sarcopenia and just because they're strengthened that way though but there is a large you can theory that it could have some anti-sarcopenic effects but the only way to really answer your questions you need to take a large sample diagnosed with all three of those caveats and then then see that creatine have any greater effect than placebo so it's likely there but it needs to be done from a clinical randomized patrol call. And in your data when you're looking at biomarkers of creatine are you looking at creatine are you looking at anything else? We look at many things so creatine and sterile creatine obviously is the big one from a filtration rate from a liver kidney health aspect we look at many other facets that away. We do measure each or muscle to creatine from the biopsies with total and then also creatine and then I'm working with a colleague and Norway to look at getting into the brain but we're looking at all the high energy metabolites but from a turn-over perspective it's usually just creatine. Thank you to Inside Tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show I know that I always harp on blood work and the reason I've partnered with Inside Tracker is because blood work is critical you cannot be successful in your health journey without knowing what is going on under the hood. You do need to know where your thyroid is at you do need to know where your blood glucose is at your insulin your apob the list goes on inside tracker is a direct consumer blood work company that not only has a blood work but it also analyzes your DNA and your fitness tracking data it allows you to take control of your own health we always hear about this end of one thing well this is your own experiment and it is also your responsibility to know what is going on within your body. Inside Tracker has offered my listeners 20% off the entire inside tracker store do not wait it is your time it is very easy to use if you are a healthcare professional they also have inside tracker pro where you can interface with your clients all of this is 20% off go to insidetracker.com slash doctor lion that's insidetracker.com slash doctor lion for 20% off and doesn't matter the fiber type I don't want to get too crazy about the fiber types but does that influence the amount of creatine that's stored yeah it was really elegantly short that the larger type two fibers are the one you use for weightlifting and when you're buffed those fibers people you better be resistant exactly exactly those are the ones we need and use often and unfortunately we have this deemed radiation process usually starting in the fifth decade or more unfortunately our muscle fibers sort of go away they decrease and when we say that we may be large muscle fibers we used my rarely at a young age and that's for creatine is primarily stored so for anybody listening I don't care your age please exercise focus on both the weight training is probably going to be one of your better things for longevity and as we get older you need to ensure you never mislate date I know that's hard to believe because that's where the largest muscle is iron we've shown in the lower body a creatine kinetics is more negatively affected but weight training seems to be the fountain of youth and a supplement or a dietary intervention of that can help but I think exercise seems to act as a trigger from a long jump day perspective how much exercise so I know the government in Canada and the US will say two sessions you know a week and I'm fine with that the stirred out but you know they also recommend 150 minutes a cardiovascular exercise a week and I was certainly like to have more weight training sessions but if you can get two sessions in a week and you last week you did nothing next fantastic but really good evidence as shown from Stu Phillips Brett showing fellow mother people like that you know three sessions a week is planting and if you're getting an individual 78 years older that's exercising with weight training three times a week they're going to be in a very unique population where they're likely putting on age or years to life and age expectancy and living longer free of disease and if they have inadequate nutrition I think it's a foundational aspect for youth you're never too old to start you can have a centering and exercise I think that's the crucial aspect people come to us a lot to say what people are powder can I take and watch Netflix for four hours a night and not and I said no you've got to exercise the primary a lot the bonnet fits does the volume matter the volume of the training what about the exertion the load you must have broken into my office literally have a funny in review I'm so based on the kinetic secretion we theorize that creatine can help increase exercise of volume and by either doing more sets, rap or recovery so if the individual can train longer or intensely in session over time that's probably what's helping maintain or creating those anabolic effects strength and current whichever and so we think it has applications for everybody to try to improve overall health yeah and in terms of creatine stores and utilization that would be more intense exercises that when I'm hearing you say that is correct the more ananovobic it is or more effort you're putting in that's where the muscle creatine stores will be turned over faster if it's too easy your your creatine will be minimally activated but you're going to rely more on glycolysis a carbohydrate or beta oxidation from fat so if you're going up for a walk with your spout set lunch you're not using creatine you're going to be using adipose tissue stores but if you say I'm doing hit class or really intense weight training that's where creatine really seems to be very favorable this is where I feel that the all the zone two training is having its moment right now and I have to say that there's other ways in which you can improve VO2 max and when you do these harder things that you're talking about the benefit also relates to skeletal muscle health maintenance potential even growth and creatine yeah you're not going to get the same influence from slow steady state zone two training over time yeah it's it's interesting I you know I have a peloton and for me to do with zone two training when the person's yelling at me I find I can't do what I need to go with her as I can I have good callings here in Canada I have looked at the hit model, Marty Kabala, Jolittle you know your PGC1 alpha and clue four they all go up in a time restricted pattern and I think everybody's so busy and I understand the principles of zone two training with mitochondrial bioogenesis but for me and I think you would agree as you get older you got to step up a little bit the main team will type two fibers which gets off the overlook with type two training and I'm a big proponent on zone and whatever you want to call it really like the high intensity I like high intensity weight lifting and high intensity cardiovascular exercise I personally get more out of it but I know there's a huge push on zone two training all training is beneficial is one better than the other I lean towards hit I think the more tense you go the body will respond better but I'm not aware if someone's dead I've taken zone two and I don't even know if it's not five I don't even know what it's called but more intense enough and we have to appreciate that we're not actually going to exercise to become good at exercise exactly we're going to train because we're looking for an adaptation we're looking to be more functional and capable in life zone two training arguably is not going to do it but if you get out there and you do some kind of high intensity interval training you really push yourself both mentally and physically the outcomes are better I like all of the cellular data sort of implicating the high intensity is better from a molecular standpoint especially on the telemiers and the mitochondrial enzymes and I think that's hugely important for healthy aging which leads me to my fourth group we talked about hypocloric individuals those trying to lose weight sedentary individuals sarcopenic individuals and now post menopausal yeah it's a pride of ours in our lab and we sort of focused on this amazing population those participants are outstanding and one of the main reasons we focus on post menopausals is because they have the highest prevalence and risk of osteoporosis due to the cessation of estrogen and when we've looked at a few studies now creating supplementation we gave 0.1 to 0.14 grams so this is a bit interesting that average was about 8 to 11 grams a day during one and two years of exercise the two-year model looked at 60s of breast walking and three days a week of super-wise weight training and at the end of the day two years of exercising and a higher dose of creatine it preserved or had some favorable effects on bone mineral and bone geometry at the hip region it had also improved lean tissue and gait speed but focusing on the crucial importance of bone we focused on the hip because if you were to fall and suffer hip replacement surgery or fracture you could be immobilized for up to a year and at least a lot of chronic diseases and these young are of course my Nepal is a female the average age was about 57 in above and they were cessation of their mental cycle for at least 12 months it really seemed to have some benefits around hip region we were unfortunately from the females who eat when exercise they got a reduction so clearly showing that the biological process of aging is there exercise has to be there because you would immediately speculate oh my god what if you had a group who did nothing that would be a clinically significant loss of bone mineral so please exercise has to be there creatine may provide a small beneficial effect we maintain protein in their diet normally and they were above the RDA but not I'm much so that leads to speculation you know we got to get that protein those I agree with you and doll on it's two Phillips and everybody like it's almost crankable 0.8 grams for an older adult you know I love this the confidence interval going all the way up to 2.2 or in Canada ground per pound but you know the 1.2 to 1.6 that's double we got to almost think that's the the base and so nutrition is really important of course exercise is foundation yes I couldn't agree with you more it is criminal these these recommendations have not been changed for decades at 0.8 grams and we also have to appreciate that 0.8 grams per kg this was developed on younger males also that were eating only high quality proteins a lot of discussion could someone be plant based could you do those make those kinds of choices you could but as total calorie consumption goes down the quality of the protein really needs to go out there was a front group that did it was a proof of concept and it it talked about how that as an individual were to lower their protein these were postmenopausal women similar to the age in your study I think they were 59 years old maybe even a little bit older is that as their dietary protein consumption went down the quality of the protein needed to go out to make up for these other physiological needs whether it was inked be 12 iron etc. it's to get the losing threshold and get the adequate amount it and also when you talk to people they're eating or protein you have less refined process carbohydrates coming in less saturated fat trans fats so you know there's there's no downside of increasing protein it's used for enzymes and hormones and a lot of other things is not just her muscle if you're taking a little bit more it doesn't really like get converted to fat and it just gives a number of other health benefits I think get off and over looked and you know don't's clearly shown and you've talked about it many times to high protein breakfast and 81 it's supper that's two viable strategies to get the amount of protein but you know the 70 kilogram individual and the government's in 56 grams of protein is always think you need is studies of color if you're less than one you're almost going to get sarcopeney later on a life and that leaves the frailty and caxia so we just got to get the mess and feel more in your bulk obviously and you're doing amazing things it's it's I think people are aware of the protein I understand the cost of food nowadays when people go to Costco and and chicken and sander who was you know $20 and now it's 40 it's very difficult but we got to try to find any way we can if they are vegan or vegetarian just eat more holy based proteins that way and get to that loose-earned threshold we saw an opinion for with hamlest and raw shell and Brazil above a crammed seems to be the mental arm out of loose-earn even for older adults so you can get there it takes a little bit of work but for those eating a balanced carnivore or an omg or diet I think you can easily make some strategic choices that way to get it but it's really critical yep is there any behaviors that we do that could affect our ability to produce creatine so exercise won't actually increase our ability to store creatine we thought it could but it would make sense but it does and it just helps maintain it and the only thing that we think can well besides genetics is actually looking at a few things physical activity will maintain it so that's gotta be there and I know I'm telling you like a broken record but physical activity is gotta be foundational but the biological sex of the individual is an interesting one there's been a few studies to suggest that the amount of creatine in biological females in their muscle may be a little bit higher at starting levels because their muscles may be a little bit smaller so the concentration so they may not respond as well as biological males from a muscle growth perspective we do see many studies that do show beneficial effects they certainly get massive beneficial effects from a muscle and bone perspective and we certainly see the benefits in the brain so there was a small sort of emphasis that maybe females may not respond as well I can see why some people may speculate that but we're not really seeing the effect so biological males, females whoever it is on the planet you should expect some type of benefit if it's not a muscle and may it benefit your bone if it's not in muscle and bone it may benefit your cognition so for whatever's effective I think anybody on the planet may experience some benefits to creatine over time either through the diet or supplementation you were to really wonderful review and it was it's called creatine supplementation women's health a lifespan perspective and it's there's a statement here it says creatine characteristics vary between males and females with females exhibiting 70 to 80% lower endogenous creatine stores compared to males does that still hold true? it can let's the female that is getting larger muscles so that was based on baseline all looking at all the muscle amount over time and there's a couple of theories why we think that is maybe a reduction in dietary creatine compared to the amount of male or the ability to take it up so there is some evidence to suggest in the minimal studies that there is less and that's probably why we see a really good response from females but especially in vegans and vegetarians are studying in 2003 with muscle biopsies it was almost like the females response was a little unbelievable and then you say oh wait a minute I only have a book 50% of their muscle pull of creatine, make no wonder they respond so well so that's why I think it's a huge push for males and females on a planet they style it to at least consider creatine and if they're not getting a creatine to remedy or see food obviously this is probably why they need to at least consider those ideas soon. what about the creatine activity throughout the menstrual cycle? yeah there's a beautiful chart here and people add this should I cycle supplementation throughout the menstrual cycle what are your thoughts on that? so Abby Smith running in North Carolina is a world leader on this and she's clearly showed that for young females especially that there's a fluctuation of a creatine doesn't really have that any get your mouth effect is the easiest way to put it. I think from a practical standpoint I think it's something to think of the big push right now on that's the mental cycle influence performance and for the totality of evidence it does it and I think that's how a lot of females need to look at it. it makes fluctuate water retention during the different phases but at the end of the day they're going to be taking creatine for longer than the Latino phase or follicular they're going to be looking after the whole benefit sweat the end of the day I think it's it's a moment yeah. I'm I'm really happy to hear you say about I do think that there's a component to the menstrual cycle that it seems to confuse a lot of people and making huge changes I mean unless you are an Olympic athlete slow and steady is likely better I am curious does it have an impact on mood because of its brain up. yeah so there is some evidence that suggests moving we're doing a study right now and I want looking at mood and energy. I mean you just sound you are just sitting up and Netflix and chilling all the time I mean remember I had here when I started and of course we could talk about it too but um no we showed that's another myth that we've got to go through them. we definitely have to talk about them but before we talk about the myths creatine for mood. it's one of the areas that's sort of a subjective question here when we ask people mood has improved in a series of populations with clinical depression and non-clinical-based populations. So mood, energy, status, and self-esteem efficacy is one that seems to be emerging. Now very difficult to measure but when you ask people now as a baby because they got improvements in the gym they can perform activities that hold better but mood is one that we're starting to see in improvement or at least some emerging evidence and that's going to come more often than not yet. that's fascinating. Now before we get to what if an individual has been previously trained? Let's say an individual when they are young, they're training, they're satellite cells or healthy etc they put on skeletal muscle they've now hit midlife and fallen into the midlife trap. Does previous training impact? The answer from a scientific perspective we don't know but it's logical as very similar to the muscle memory with training so all those precious tissues that they're still dormant or activated they can become reactivated so the logical theory is that if you take in a decade off exercise and then creating a motivational boost to have a chance of a time but that has that study hasn't been done. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. Here's the deal. Creatine is really important and many people do not eat enough dietary creatine to not only impact muscle but bone and brain. I am on an absolute creatine kick. Here's where you're going to grab yours. If you are not on creatine you definitely should consider it. Go to first form.com slash doctor lion that's first form.com slash doctor lion. I think over the next five years we are going to see more and more data come out about the importance of creatine not from muscle performance standpoint. That's a benefit but from a cognitive and brain protection standpoint. This is critical because we've all seen the rates of dementia. We've seen what happens if there's anything that we can do any dietary strategy that we can take. I think that we are going to see the influence of creatine from a cognitive perspective definitely grab yours. That's first form.com slash doctor lion. Fair. Let's talk about some myth. Give me your top weight. Give me your top three. We've the number one for sure it's that mass. We talked about that earlier and we think we have a good idea. It doesn't the second one. The creatine does not increase fat mass. Myth number one. Yeah it does not. No. In combination with that side number two is baldness. I literally could say creatine cause cancer and the person say that's not what does it cause baldness. They say well look at you. This is interesting from the rugby study over two decades ago. Now only a single study has ever sort out of looked at any of these measures and in our myths of its conception paper we put it a few years ago. We clearly showed that in these individuals creatine increased serum, DHT, a derivative of testosterone or linked to hair follicle loss or thinning. But just like when you go to the doctor and there's a nice range for cholesterol and blood glucose. The DHT level went up within normal range. But when they were on placebo, they range or they increased did not go up. And so immediately people thought, oh if this form all mine up that means that's why I'm going bowl. It's never been shown to call it the bowl and then you could argue it's never been shown not the call of columnist. But I've sensed over a thousand people at high dose two years and not a single person biological male or female. It's come to me and say, Daren whatever you're giving me, I don't know but my hair is thinning. So I don't know why the study hasn't been done. I mean it'd be easy to do to look at a professional area in a certain region on the head or wherever. But that is myth number. Jesus one and two. That's number two. Number two. The third one is I think do I need to take a loading phase and people often think well because all the products that you buy and all able to just the loading phase, the answer is 100% no. You do not need to take the loading phase. That's primarily only for athletes. If you're taking up her longevity or health purposes, you can start as little as three grams a day and you can work your way up to maybe five or more if you want. So those are three of the biggest, oh sorry, and then it need and liver function would be a close one. There's no adverse effects and God they've done randomized control trials since the early 2000s. High domes moderate double slope dose, no adverse effects, comparable sea ball. That is extremely humble. Where do you think the creating research is going? What would you like to see? Yeah, I think we have a good grasp on muscle. We still have a little bit more because we talk about the protein synthesis rates and a little bit more cells and enzymes. But the next push will primarily be on bone research. But even bigger there, I think is coming to neck up and we sort of put it a really good review last year for exploring the idea. Can this compound wither without exercise have brain beneficial effects? And it has some application for depression and anxiety, PTSD, falls in that category. What about concussion? It's not really shown a lot of problems now for the neurophysiological or muscular conditions such as Parkinson's or Luke Garrett's disease. But it has been shown to have some benefits of muscular dystrophy. So that's I think where the next 20 or 30 years will go. There is a study super excited. I can't wait for this to come out. Looking at it, see effect on Alzheimer's disease and we're starting to look at people with pre just supposed to the Medcha. Can it improve their way of life? You can throw everything we know about our muscle and bone away. If it improves some aspects of Alzheimer's disease or dementia, that could have profound effects from a global initiative. And that's why I'm starting to getting involved now from a creatine for global health initiative. Maybe there should be DRIs for creatine and certain populations. If they're not eating a lot of meat in certain parts of the world, can this help offset some of those effects? So it's a huge push. And I think you're going to start to see creatine not just for athlete but for health purposes. And is there a way to identify if someone is taking enough? Is there a variability in absorption for example? Older adults seem to require more or maybe they just don't absorb nutrients. I know that you said it is unscathed through the gastrointestinal tract. But for example, if a 74-year-old man took 10 grams of creatine, would you then say we want their number, their creatine number in the blood to be x to ensure that in fact they do need the 10 grams versus the 20 grams? The the the the best way to do is you do a muscle biopsy or MRS to look at the effects of the canicate ethical approval for the biopsy. You measure how much creatine they had in the skeletal muscle at baseline and I see the effects with a dosing titration over time. And you're right, you want more of it to go into muscle less being cleared from the kidney. And then you would even extrapolate it more can use the magnet to look at the effect potentially in the brain. So maybe some individuals may respond very optimally to 7, some individuals may need 21 grams but you need to do dosing studies. And then you also need to look at different compartments especially in the brain, white matter versus gray. So these are excellent suggestions and I think this is probably where the next 20 or 30 years will go determining the optimal dose for the tissue you want. But if you say I just go going out from a whole body perspective, that's another way to do it. So these dosing studies need to be really critical kind of similar to what the last 30 years of protein research has looked at. You know, 10 grams is too long 20 grams for young 40 grams or more for older, your insulin arrangement and they're not about 100 grams and we're sort of you know, no, no, we did it. We did it in an hour and I'll send it to you. And so it's very evolving. I love it. And I think the dosing area is the next sort of way. And from clinical application for physicians for health coaches for trainers listening, could they if they were looking at blood work? Could they say, okay, we've this person has been now started on 10 grams of creatine. Are you expecting to see any kind of routine blood marker changes? The main one would be your serum creatinine. So I think if you said, hey, let's start a three grams, get your blood work. I'd be shocked. That's a very small amount. The muscle can retain it. But if you start to notice over time that the muscle became saturated, more you're taking in unless it's going to bowl in our other tissues such as brain, would get a slight elevation in creatine. And that's an elevation easy one to measure in the blood on that can be routinely measured. Yeah. And would that be something that you're looking for with that be a goal or without just say, hey, this is now saturated. The body is now excreting everything out. That's how exactly I would look at as a saturation perspective. If you said, hey, we're going to go for three to 10 grams. And then all of a sudden when you went to 10 grams over a month and you notice your creatine doubled, it's probably that the muscle is full. But then you would say, hey, how are we going to now measure what's going into bone and brain? We just don't know that. And that's something that I'm sure will happen now. It's very exciting. And you are truly pioneering it. And typically, just when things are catching on, people are usually ready to talk about something else in a different aspect. Is that happened to you? For example, just as everything now on muscle, caught as caught up, now you're ready to switch topics to. Yeah, we were sort of getting really excited with the bone and we are. But then all of a sudden the brain is sort of the take over and I think most questions I get now. And we're going to revisit the bomb. But we're still revising muscles, specifically in old rattles for stercopeney and frailty and and shotguns and long-term care facilities. So I think that all three of the major tissues and then what about the immune system? That's the one that never gets a lot of love or press. But when you measure cybercimes after extintence of exercise and they're down, regulate it with creatine or reduction in protein metabolism, the immune system could have implications during when we had COVID. What about a future pandemic? You know, these are areas where they can immune system, which is magical. It is an area that we can sort of sort of look at some of the new evolving areas like that. So I'm super excited very passionate about it. It's kind of interesting. We knew a lot in the night, easy. We kind of just got bored a bit and now it's worth taking on a life itself. So I'm writing the two seconds of interest and I'm very excited about it. Yeah. The resurgence, you know, this might be a nice place to tie in glutamine with the immune system and crazy. Exactly. I know this guy, he knows a thing or something about glutamine might look him up. His Darren Gandalf. Look at my face. It's like, how much did you get on him? Like a lot. Yeah. Dr. Darren Gandalf, thank you so much for joining me on the show. You are really paving the way and what is so wonderful is your a full-time academic who is out there teaching and really preaching this. So thank you so much for taking the time. Thank you so much for having me. I had a very time. Thank you.