But exosomes are not only for therapeutic purposes now, they're also being using for diagnostic purposes. Because exosomes are like these cargo messengers that allow for intercellular communication. And what happens with disease processes, for example, like cancer, they're the exosome, the cargo messenger actually changes. And you can detect that before they even manifest full-bone cancer. So exosomes are in exploding in terms of not just therapeutic applications, but diagnostic as well. Because there's something called microRNAs, and there's all these different molecules that the exosomes carry. And there's different prognostic kind of markers that we can look at that can tell us, hey, your exosome cargo is changing. So therefore this is the disease you're going to most likely develop. And that's going to become more and more sophisticated as time goes on. But for therapeutic purposes, what we want to look at as we talked about earlier, the foundation is cytokine profile. So what's the cytokine profile of exosome that we're driving, for example, from a and build a cortisho. Yes, where do exosomes come from? So as you were saying in your long definition there, mesenchymal stem cells. And we've got positions that listen. We have everything else in so are. Yeah. Accuracy is important. It is. Yeah, no exactly. So as per that definition, they're coming from different mesenchymal stem cells. And where do mesenchymal stem cells come from? They come from inbilical cortisho, inbilical cord blood or even bone marrow or fat. And then you isolate those stem cells and then you culture and expand them. And then when you culture expand them, that the soup or the broth that they grow and sort of speak in the expansion, the culture medium, that's what you can isolate. And that's what has the cytokines and just the growth factors and no actual stem cells. And so those exosomes, it turns out, have 10 times more cytokine profile than PRP. So the exosomes have 10 times more of a beneficial cytokine profile than PRP. Yes. Will this make PRP obsolete? It will eventually as a cost of exosomes comes down. Yes, because most people are not saving their inbilical cord. No, exactly. Or because in the US ironically enough, you can store it, but then you can't use it for unless you have some sort of really, you know, maybe a, you know, emergency medical need or something like that, but like, I'm belacle cord. Yeah, yeah, it's kind of crazy. But you can't just use it the way you want to use it. So the exosomes, the cytokine profile isn't too time stronger. I always say it's an order of magnitude, right? So it's not order of magnitude. So that's why it's hard for people to understand. I've had many professional hockey players, for example, because I'm in Canada, I triola hockey players. Yeah, exactly. And so they had PRP done and it didn't work for them and then we did exosomes and it worked for them and they were kind of like, they were asking me why. And I, you know, this is why I had to explain to them, it has to do with the cytokine profile, the signal of the PRP wasn't strong enough to tell your body to regenerate and repair this tissue, but the signal from the exosome is strong enough to regenerate and repair tissue. And when it comes to soft tissue and musculoskeletal conditions, we're talking tendon, ligaments, muscles. So that's the big difference between exosomes and PRP and then musculoskeletal stem cells. They're about 20 times stronger than PRP. So not 10 times stronger than exosomes, but maybe two times stronger when it comes to cytokine profile. So it's not that much stronger than exosomes. And that's why I think we still have to figure out the dosing for a lot of these things. So figure out, okay, what's the perfect dosing for the specific indication? And there's still a lot of data that's coming out for us to kind of guide us on what the best dosing protocols are. The exosomes, you said that obviously there's a number of ways in which we could retrieve them and do you spend them down? Yes. Okay. All true sensitive. You, okay. So you do that. But it seems also that they are for sale or have been for sale. Yeah. I love because again, when we are discussing these things, is there an FDA approval for interesting in the US and Canada, I believe that they are not FDA-approved. Is that true? No, and they're not health can't have proved. But in other countries, they are. Yes. I always bring up Japan because the Japanese do everything to very rigorous standards. For people who have been there, they obviously know that cleanliness, the food, but it also applies to their medicine and technology. They have some of the best surgeons in the world when it comes to innovative techniques. And no other than Professor Yamanaka, who won the Nobel Prize, for his discovery on how to reprogram stem cells is obviously from Japan too. So they have a culture of innovation and wine to always improve themselves. And they've created a regulatory framework for a regenerative medicine that's ten years old now. And ten years old. And they're on for a long time. And the US and Canada still don't have a regenerative medicine framework. So instead of creating a framework and regulating these things, they just said, we're just going to ban them. And to me, that makes no sense. And I think this is much more political than it is based in science. And yes, you can use the anecdote of Japan, but there's also so much clinical data out there now. Plus, you have to look at the risk versus benefit of any intervention or what we call a medicine number needed to treat versus number needed to harm, right? NNT versus NNH. And so exesomes are because they're a cellular. So there's no cells in there. They have a very high safety profile. There's no chance of rejection. There's no chance of having tumors for them. And by the way, you say tumors form. One of the biggest criticisms, I think, of this regenerative medicine space is are you giving cells that would then go and differentiate into something else. And cause cancer or proliferate an existing cancer that one is unaware that they have. Would you say that that's accurate? That was always a concern. And that's why you have to be careful. And that's why the word stem cell is meaningless because is it a musachimal stem cell? Is it a hematopreneic stem cell? Is it embryonic stem cell? Is it induced play potent stem cell? Where what are you talking about when you're talking about stem cells? And so there's all these different types. And they have different profiles. And they have different capacity to differentiate into tissue. And some of them can turn into tumors and some of them can't. So you have to understand those kind of nuance differences to really be able to counsel a patient and then make them feel rest assured that whatever we're using isn't going to make the risk of cancer worse if you do have cancer in your body or a cost cancer. If someone has cancer and I usually save this for the yes or no questions, it will do a yes or no question. Maybe I'll do that later, which we will. But if an individual has cancer would that be a contraindication to treatment? For exosomes. For exosomes, I would say it's a gray area. Meaning that the studies that have been out there, some of them suggest that it can actually improve. For example, there's an studies looking at combining exosomes or mesenchymal stem cells with chemotherapy and there's been better outcomes. And then there's other studies suggesting that they may because of the growth factor as they may cause proliferation. So from all the data that I've gathered and the best available evidence, it seems like it's a neutral effect. And in that case, I always take the most more conservative option. So meaning if you have active cancer, I wouldn't recommend doing a systemic treatment of exosomes with stem cells because there may be a risk of it getting worse. Outside of active cancer, there isn't any other really contraindication.