Can you talk to me about your own health? So I'm in France, I still remember. And I get this call from a 480 number. Yeah, Jeremy, this is Dr. Son, so it's like, and you just just set down. And he's like, hey, we examine this. This is cancer, but we can't tell what type of cancer. From the time that you got that call, it's a time that you knew something. What was that like? Your why has to be bigger than money? I know a lot of people are money driven, but actually they're not, they say they're money driven, but there's a fear that they have. Every decision you make starts with your survival target grade. What makes the best entrepreneurs the top one percent? The first foundation that makes a great entrepreneur, a great annual is commitment. If you're not committed, you don't take the necessary actions to have success. How important is communication? In society, most people view what you do or anybody does, as it's just kind of the same thing. What's going to differentiate that is how you frame what you do. A lot of people take advice from people who are not that qualified to give advice. Your biggest expense in life is your lack of a wide knowledge. I always say the biggest problem in life is... Jeremy Miner, welcome to the show. Doctor, thanks for having me on. What would you like to discuss today? You're a really unique guest because typically we have MD's PhDs, but the one thing that you have in common with all of them is that they are the best at what they do in Oreo. Well, at least grandma tells us about the best, so thank you very much, it's very kind. You know, as an entrepreneur? Supposedly, yes. Supposedly. Find a figure down. An expert communicator fair enough to say. A few people would say. A dad. Yeah, dad. And a human? Yes, I'm hoping I'm human. Maybe maybe we're the aliens. I really don't know at this point. Well, the reason I bring up humanity is because we are all fallible. Yeah, for sure. And yes, we are. Tell me what makes up the best entrepreneurs. The top one percent. You're probably the top 0.5 percent. Trying to catch up with you. I would say in my mind, it's the first foundation that makes a great entrepreneur a great business owner, a great anyone is commitment. I think everything starts from commitment because if you're not committed, you don't take the necessary actions to have success. So in my mind, it's commitment. Like it doesn't matter if it's a bad day or something bad happened or, you know, you've got relationship troubles or just anything could go wrong. You still wake up that day and you still get things done. And that's commitment. And I think that I think that's something that people can actually learn. You think they can learn it? I do. I think anything is pretty much learnable for sure. Now, almost everything is. I'm not saying you're going to dunk a basketball like MJ. You know, if you're not so far, but yeah. Okay, committed. You know, I am in my practice. I take care of a lot of elite CEOs and also tier one operators. So seals that whole crew and I've always felt that they were born that way. That their level of commitment and ability to execute was not trainable, but you're telling me that it is. So I would just cool to be kind of the psychologist. So I specialize in like neuro-psychology, like the study of the brain and how it works with a human being nervous system. So really your whole belief system really stems from how your raises a child. So it's not really how you were born, but it's how you were raised in the people you were around your world view could be influenced by, you know, your cousins that you hang out with. Your parents, the church you go to. Uh, if you're a kid now, you're influenced by who you follow on TikTok. Right. So your your world views your your belief systems like commitment. And it could be anything or really influenced by the people you're around as a child from ages of four to 13. So it's not really I understand like you're born, but it's like it's who influences you where really a lot of that comes from. Now it doesn't mean that you're like you're not born. It's like a person that has a gigantic personality, but to really expand on that to become great. You're going to be it's who you learn from and kind of what you do with it is really get you to where you want to go. I wouldn't say you're just born with it completely. I think you have a like a seed of it, which I have to expand that seed. And here's here's also why I say that because you might have like in in biome means I am not an expert as an ABC. Like I've never been in the military. Yeah. But just you know, it could be like one of the best Navy seals is a great Navy seal because quite literally they could have been like abused as a child and they have this fear that you know they're never going to be successful because their parents hold them they were worthless or whatever and so they have this drive in their brain that they're afraid of like not being significant and so to be significant they want to be a Navy seal and whatever that whatever they put their mind to they're going to be the best at because they didn't feel significant as a child. I actually think that part of that is very true. Yeah. It's not the true bad thing. Very true. You know it's like it's what Tony Robbins says. You have to look at life as like life doesn't happen to you. Life happens for you. It's what you make of what happens in your life. Like what you do with it and a lot of people just kind of react and a lot of people play the victim card whereas others like an Oprah Winfrey you know she was abused as a child has still born baby African-American raising the 60s where there was like segregation and racism. I mean what's the chance that that freaking person becomes Oprah freaking Winfrey. It's extraordinary. You see? And I would say that they are born with a certain level of attributes and you said committed and that is your number one tip for someone who wants to be successful. I think that's the foundation of success is commitment. Without commitment it's really hard to be successful in anything. But how do people become committed? Like I said I think it's the people you're around that influence you. Maybe if you didn't have the best childhood it's like who do you hire as a mentor? I think a lot of people don't realize that the cost I call it the COI. A lot of people say it's not just me the cost of an action. It's like a lot of people like like want to learn from their mistakes and I think that's good but I'd rather learn from other people's mistakes so I don't make the same mistakes myself. Right and that's that gets you to your destination like a hundred times faster. So I think it's who you learn from so you know if you want to be a doctor like you it's like who taught you how to do what you do like if they were like roll class and great that's great and a lot of people that graduated with you probably are good but you probably took it to the next level and the next level and you kept learning and you kept growing and that's was separate you from other doctors because you had that seed you had that some level of commitment you just expanded on that commitment. One way to cultivate commitment is to be in the right circles. Yes. Do you think there's another way are there ways in which and I really like that you said this because people will say oh you're so motivated or oh you are so disciplined and I would say yeah but I think actually we're committed. I can't admit. Now is that? I mean it leads to discipline. Yes. You can't be disciplined if you're not committed. Yes. Yeah. And commitment is interesting because people don't really talk about it they'll talk about discipline. They'll talk about motivation. But how does someone get very clear to then take the next step to become deeply committed? I mean I like to say I think it's who you're around as a child that really I mean just from a psychology point of view it's like like who you're around as a child and things you learn that were both in good and bad that kind of really start to shape you but it doesn't mean you can't change that reality like an Oprah Winfrey. It was like she had the best childhood but look what she did with it. She's like took like all this bad stuff that happened to her and she didn't play the like a victim like a lot of people would a lot of people would just be like look up. Be fair. All right look what they came of me. I understand what I mean. I told to understand that especially if you don't know what you don't know what I always say the biggest problem in life is the problem that you don't know you have because if you don't know what your problems are you have no idea to fix it because you don't really understand what the problem is. Right? And that's why I always say find somebody who's already mastered the thing you want to be good at and learn from them because that's going to get you there a hundredfold faster and that can change your outlook. So there has to be somebody that influence Oprah at some age like as example to cause her to go to the direction she did. There was some mentor or somebody she paid or somebody took you know her under their wing that really showed her the way. It's unlikely that she just did that herself. Very unlikely. I'm not saying it doesn't happen but your chances are greatly increased if you get around the right people. If you listen every week and feel like we are in this together which I believe that we are learning, growing and building strength. Then I created away for us to get connected even more closely. It's called forever strong insider. It's premium community for listeners who want to go deeper. You'll get ad free episodes which I know you'll love. Bonus Q&A is where your questions shape the conversation. Behind the scene moments because let's face it on flarious for my daily life and written takeaways to keep at your fingertips. But more than that you'll be supporting the show so that we can keep creating content that matters. If you've ever wanted to feel part of the inner circle this is your invitation. Join us at foreverstrong.supercast.com or through the link in the show notes. Number one probably discerning the right people is difficult. And then number two is it important to have a very clear why. In order to cross over to become so committed because again commitment is when everything is falling apart you're able to take the next right step and it doesn't matter what you are surrounded by. Yeah. But to do that from my perspective you have to be so aligned that the world could literally be on fire and you're ready to take the next. I agree. It's like your why has to be bigger than money in my mind to achieve pinnacle success. It has to be bigger than money. I know a lot of people are money driven but actually they're not they say they're money driven but there's a fear that they have there's a fear of like maybe they weren't seen as significant when they were younger by their family or by their peers at school maybe they weren't loved so money like causes them to feel like higher status because people like them better. Like there's all these fears that drive us to actually have success that we just don't think about. I thought that was interesting you said that earlier because I you're a very fake guy and one of well I just go to the gym to try not get fat that's my whole goal. Which is hilarious. Which is the opposite of by the way in from our audience's perspective it's all about muscle. Right. That is just a symptom of unhealthy muscle. Sure. Yeah. But I would say the most in my mind we need to shift from being fear based to look what I can gain versus look what I'm afraid of. Sure. But as we have this brain that's like millions of years old ever. Whenever God put the first humans here on the earth I don't know when that was and our brain was not designed for us to thrive. Our brain was actually designed for us to survive. So every decision you make starts with your survival part of your brain. That's the problem. This is I agree with you. This is. But it starts from survival and fear. It's challenging because do you think that you can overcome that fear or leverage that fear? I do. Yeah. I do. I mean obviously people do it all the time. Right. But it's how they so when we have things that happen to us we all go through bad things. Nobody like everybody has bad stuff happened to them. Right. But it's what you choose to do with that. Like do you choose to be the victim or do you choose to react a different way and make that a strength? Right. I think there's a scripture of God. I don't know what it's called. God gives men weaknesses so he can turn them into strengths. So I believe that we get weaknesses. It's up to us to decide if we're going to make those weaknesses in the strengths. Now, I'm pretty weak at like algebra. I don't necessarily want to make that into my strength because it doesn't really help me with what I do. Right. But you see what I'm saying. We can take whatever we have in our life and especially if we get around the right people that have already made those mistakes and we learn what they did well, what they did wrong and we just don't repeat the same thing. It's really hard to fail at whatever you want to do, whether you want to be a parent or you want to be the best business owner, the best sales person, the best leader, the best doctor. I find it really hard that if you're committed and you get around the right people, that teach you skills, that take to get to that level, it's really freaking hard to fail at anything. For example, as a physician, you show me someone's disciplines or commitments. I guarantee you I will be very good at guessing how successful they are in various domains. I feel like if you are there attributes of people that tell you if they're going to be successful or unsuccessful. But you see, there's a lot. I think a lot of it is just how a person shows up in life. Even are they on time. I'm not even necessarily saying if they're on time or I know a lot of successful people that are always late. Or they always late when there's something important going on. It's different being late to dinner on Saturday night, compared to being 30 minutes late for podcasts or something that is really important to do. That would be one consideration. I probably look at, do they actually show up when they say they're going to show up? I know there are circumstances that are sometimes out of control, but if it's a pattern, if anybody has something bad that they do, it doesn't necessarily mean that something is wrong with them, but if they have the key to doing it, that's a pattern, that's a behavior pattern. That would tell you that that's a red flag. So they keep doing this one thing. You're like, oh, that's a pattern. And that pattern is not good. Or that pattern could be good. Really depends on what it is. What about how important is communication? I can tell you. It's a number one skill bar none in the world always has been since the dawn of mankind. So let's say that you're a Christian. You read in the Bible. He talks about there was a war in heaven. And a third of the host of heaven fell from heaven to this earth. Well, nobody talks about like, how is that war fought? There's a fault of tanks, bullets, guns, swords, shields, no, it was a war of words. It was a war of persuasion. It was a war of influence of ideas. And everything in this life wars are fought because of lack of communication. Everything comes down to how you communicate your message, how you frame your offer. Like, you know, let's say if you're a fertility doctor, we're just talking about that a second. There's a lot of fertility doctors out there. In society, would society, like, if they heard like, I need to go get a fertility doctor, would they say like, oh, every fertility doctor is different? Or they kind of just classify fertility doctors as kind of all the same. They just kind of do the same thing. So in society, most people view what you do or anybody does as it's just kind of the same thing. Like, you see, I'm a real estate agent, you know, a real estate agent. They sell real estate. But there's no difference in their mind. So what happens if society views everybody kind of does the same thing, your profession and you're all kind of the same, what's going to differentiate that is how you frame what you do. It's how you frame your offer. I always say how you frame your offer. So imagine like you have two family pictures. You get, you know, your family picture on your mantle or on your desk, if you and your husband and kids. My family dartboard, but yes, they're okay. Yes, I like this. I like you. So you have these two family pictures exactly the same. You're going to go by two frames for them. The first frame you buy is like, you go to like, the highest in store. It's like a $2,000 gold frame. I mean, it's immaculate and you put that on that picture. For the other frame, you then go to like the flea market and it's got holes in it. It's got cobwebs. It's been beat to hell and back. And you put that frame on the other family picture, which is the same family picture, which frame are you choosing? The one that was frame better. So we call that the POB perception of value. So it's how your market perceives the value of what you do. It's not necessarily the value of what you sell, but how they perceive that that matters. I know a lot of companies that have amazing products that nobody knows about because they're not very good at the perception of that value. I also know companies that have really crappy products and services, but they're way better at framing their offer and the perception of value is very much higher. So communication, like as a fertility doctor, it's going to come down to like, why do they choose me over somebody else? How you're framing what you do? How you make them feel, right? How you frame that offers what matters at the end of the day. So your communication skills or everything. That sounds like there's a very humanistic nature to framing and communication. Meaning what is going to separate? Someone who's going to go, I want to go to that doctor versus the other one. I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors of the show and that is Puri. This podcast has allowed me to speak to extraordinary experts and they have one unifying message. There are only a few core compounds that we need in the diet and one of those is Omega-3 fatty acids. Puri's O3 Ultra Pure Fischoel, which is third party tested and certified by both the Clean Label Project and IFOS. So you know what you're putting in your body. It is safe, pure, effective. It is tested for 200 contaminants and Puri publishes all their results online. I've teamed up with Puri to get you an amazing offer. 20% off site wide, even on already discounted subscriptions, which means you can save nearly a third off. All you have to do is go to PuriPURI.com slash doctor lion and use the code Dr. Lion at checkout. From a human perspective, how do we begin to communicate well? I'm going to give you an example. I believe that we can have a stronger more resilient world. I agree. I'm trying to sell that and I am selling that hard. You're trying to frame that. Exactly. Because in my mind and what I've seen with patients, if I say, you know what, you need to be stronger. They're like, it's like telling grandma like you got to stop smoking and it's like smoking for life. What's the first step? I know that you have a framework, but utilizing these tools to do good work in the world. And let's say it's not about buying into our medical practice or buying a book or doing any of those things. But actually selling a mission. The first thing I'm going to talk about is how we view selling. Because it's all going to start how you view what selling really is. Okay. So like if I asked you like a selling something you do two people or a selling something you do four people, what would you say? For people. Most people would think it's two people because they never thought about it. Right. When you when you talk about the average person who sells something, okay, they believe that selling is something you're doing to somebody to, you know, get your way, to get your way of thinking over to, when them over to your way of thinking to, you know, have them buy something that you want them to buy. So you can get paid. That's how most sales people quietly during the world are trained. And that's why sales people are viewed in the world is what? High status or low status, lower status. How do people view sales people in general, lower status? How old would? I don't know. I like those take, do you see those take talk guys selling that those cars in Australia? I haven't seen that one. There's a lot of, there's no it's pretty hilarious in there, they're dancing and for you this is what you guys know what I'm talking about. You don't. But if you go to the card dealership here, okay. And if they're trained to like beat you on the head, right? Because they don't understand how to emotionally open up, open you up in those type of things. You're going to run the other way. Because like, oh, they're pushing. They're too salesy, right? That's how most people are viewed in sales. So how do you, so the reason why I started to sell them levels to change the way sales is perceived in society. One sales person, one company at a time, because I believe that communication is the number one thing that's going to determine you're destiny, anything you do. I totally agree. You know, like Elon Musk, it's not like he was the only person of the idea of the electric car. He just knew how to frame that and communicate and sell that better. Jeffrey Bayzos, it's unlikely he was the only person who had the idea of Amazon. He just knew how to frame that better. He knew how to sell that message better. He knew how to do those things better. And that's why they stand out compared to everybody else. It does something similar. It's how they communicate what they're doing. Does that make sense? It does. And it sounds to me like this is a transferable skill. Because people are going to listen to this podcast and they're going to be like, Gabrielle, this is an unusual guest. And I would say you are an unusual guest, but the mission is, it's not just about telling people and learning how to e-well exercise. Any of these health and wellness items that are really important. Sure. But none of that matters if we cannot communicate it well. Yeah, well 100%. And communication comes down to what type of questions do you ask and win? I always say a lot of people have great questions. They just don't know to ask when and how to ask them. You know, because if you ever wondered, like if you look at salespeople in general, why does salespeople selling the same thing to the same prospects, the same price points, using the same script, how do they get completely different results? Great question. I don't know sense. I don't know much about sales and I would say. I would also say I haven't studied communication. Yeah. But I do. Like a pretty good communicator. It is, thank you. And I would say, I believe that if you can communicate well, then you can take a world. 100%. And I want you to teach me in our time together. Well, do you like to know? I just just disclaimer, it's going to be hard to master sales and about 45 minutes. It takes a while. But we can have the tools to practice. Oh, 100%. And also to understand. To understand. So for me, I'm selling health. Okay. And when I say selling, I, I'm not actually selling it. Sure. But if we can get people to do it for them, not to them, because if they don't get healthy, well, they're going to die probably a lot earlier than they could have, right? Yeah. And they lose those memories with their their kids, their grandkids. There's a lot of things. And I want people to buy in. Yeah. To the mission and to the ethos that we can be a better, stronger, more resilient society. Yeah. So let's say, okay. So, I mean, there's, there's a lot we could go through. What's your first question on sales? How do you get the buy in? And that's a big question. It's a big question. I know. There's a lot. There's a lot of different ways. So like what's it? What's a question you might ask? Let's say if you had somebody setting in here. And they wanted to, you know, sign up for some course you have that's going to change their muscles, like get them in shape better nutrition. I don't know if you do any of that stuff. Do all that stuff. Okay. So what's a question that you might ask or your salespeople might ask to help them find problems that maybe they didn't realize they have? Their biggest pain point. Why are you calling? Why are you here? I like that. I would, I would relaying which it a little bit. Typically the reason when we ask a why question typically in that like, oh, why did you call sometimes people will get defensive a little bit? What, what caused you to, to feel like you might want to, you know, look at what we do. What caused you? Why? Because why sometimes we'll cause you to get defensive. Right? Well, why are you doing that? Right? And so, but what I'm doing because of, see what I'm saying. Now, in certain context, if I, if I shifted my tongue like, oh, why? Why did you actually see the shift in the tongue? Mm-hmm. That's a concern tone at tone that shows empathy. Right? So a little shift there if I want you to a why question. Let's just a little example. So let's say that they, they, let's say they book a call with you. Right? You're on zoom. What would most people do when they got on zoom? What would be one of the first words out of most salespeople's mouth? Well, the first thing that I would do is I think gosh, my hair looks a little like, okay, yes. Okay. What would you guess that? Most salespeople are like, hey, how's it going? Yes. And we think that's really innocent. And our mom told us to be polite to strangers. But in a business setting, that's a predictable question that most prospects are used to that pattern. So prospects are brains pick up patterns. What would be a pattern we are pretty much used to every salesperson always asking us at the beginning of a conversation? How are you doing? Hey, how are you doing? How's your day? Now, do you set their like, oh my gosh, I am so glad that that salesperson, I, they generally care how my day is going. See, they know that, you know, the prospect knows you don't care, right? So a lot of times, even though they don't say it, their guard actually goes out because they're used to that pattern from everybody who's tried to sell them anything. And so they know that you're just trying to build rapport to sell you their thing. So I might relange that, like, hey, welcome to the call or what's going on in your neck of the woods. You know, I just shift the pattern a little bit. I'm interrupting the pattern. Does that make sense? And would this be trans, and I know that we, these are learnable skills. These are learnable skills and these are also helpful in any kind of dynamic, right? We train every industry in the world, even that's. Yes. So that's like I'm speaking at a big care practice, association, keynote training, they're one of our clients as well. Training lots of care practice, clinics, all of the nation. So it doesn't really matter. Every, every service is, you have to have clients, you're always selling your thing. So going back to that. So then they might, yeah, you know, I'm doing good. Okay. So for your industry. Okay. So it looks like you booked on the counter about, hey, I guess, maybe losing some weight and gain in some muscle, right? So what am I starting to do? Lose it, maybe losing some weight, gaining some muscle. So you can, now, would you know, like, would they do they with you when they booked, do they felt application before? What would they say the reason on that application? Are they saying anything? Well, patients come to us for energy, body composition, got out there's a salt of them wanting that energy. You're not selling, you're not selling them getting more energy. You're selling the results of that energy does for them. That's what you're really selling. It could be a better sex eye. I mean, literally, it could be a better marriage. I did actually just write a paper on that. That's what I'm saying. It could published. Period. It could be that. It could be, um, they want to get promoted and they would have more energy to job. It could be they want to spend more time with their boys playing basketball in the weekends. You know, but like, that's the in-result. That's really what you're selling. You're not selling the energy. You're not selling health. You're selling the results of what that does for them. That's what people buy. They don't buy the thing itself. And too many people that sell things, like try to sell the thing, you have to sell the results what the thing does. That's just the vehicle that gets in the thing they want. Does that make sense? It does. Okay. So I might get on there at the put on the form that you have. Like, oh, I want to get more energy. So I can, you know, get back out in the dating world because they just went through a divorce. They just put it that way. So I'm going to add that into that first question. Okay. So it looks like I was reading your, your, your form. So it looks like you booked on the counter about, hey, maybe, uh, losing some weight, gaining some muscle so you can get back out in the dating game, right? See how I'm instantly taking them from usually price or cost based thinking because that's what most people think are cost based thinking. Okay. When you first start talking to a salesperson, what's one of the first questions you start asking yourself? How much is this going to do I ask that? I you start to so for me. I'm just I, I'm pretty direct. I want to know what it is. How I'm just going to cost. I want to know what you're thinking. Yeah. Like the average, what is the average person thinking when a salesperson first starts talking to them? Like, okay, that's great. How much is it? Like you're thinking that you might not say it, but you're thinking it. So the question is, how do I take them from price or cost based thinking where they're focused on that to the result, results based thinking? So that first question starts to shift that. And that first question should be unpredictable. Well, yeah, that's it. I'm just so that question I asked. You probably never even heard that type of question before, rather than like, why did you call in? I might ask that a little bit down there. Okay. So it looks like you book, I'm going to start to shift their phrase. Well, you said what's going on in your neck of the woods or something like that? I don't even, I wouldn't even do that. But I'm just saying if you, if you like some such like, oh my gosh, like I'm hyper-friendly because I always ask everybody how their days go. And even though we know that that's actually a true question is most people are used to that. So what would be another way? But what's another way to start? Just as I'm thinking because it could be for anything. So is there another way? What you're really getting as engagement? Yes. I'm starting to shift their focus from how much is going to cost to the end result that they want. So it doesn't matter if I'm calling you. Yes, John, it's Jeremy. Jeremy minor with X-Wasey company, you responded to the ad. You, you asked us to call you back about looking at the, what was it the red 2020 to Honda, right? If I'm a car salesperson calling to lead back off the internet. I mean, it doesn't matter to train every industry. So it's the frameworks we train. On this show, we focus on what builds a stronger life. And for me, that includes the hours no one sees, evenings at home. And that's really our recent dinner with the kids, 10 minutes of reading. Okay, if you ask a teacher, you should be 20. And then lights out, cozy earth, one of the sponsors of the show has become part of this regular rhythm. Their bamboo sheets made from this coast feel amazing and our temperature regulating. They naturally wick away heat and moisture. So if one partner sweats, the other one doesn't. And I will tell you this on family movie nights. The bubble cuddle blanket has become an all-time favorite. It's plush, mid-weight, and looks great in the living room. Here's the best part. You get a hundred night sleep trial for free. Try them out. And if you don't love these blankets or sheets or whatever it is, you can return them. Hascle free. And if you're going to improve one thing about your home life, well, let's just start in the bedroom. And yes, you guessed it. Start with sleep. Go to cozy earth.com and use the code Dr. Lion for 20% off. The code is Dr. Lion. And they will send you a post purchase survey. Tell them that you heard about it on the Dr. Gabrielle Lion Show. Because hey, home isn't just where you live. It's also where you sleep and how you feel. Give me another thing that you do. I'll just show you another first question you can ask. I mean, it could be a fertility doctor. Like a care, like somebody calling back to a potential patient. They're not a patient yet, but maybe they fill that up for it. Yeah, okay. And you go over the call. Yes. Okay. So looks like you, you, you, uh, books some time to come in to talk to Dr. Johnson about, well, you know, getting pregnant, having a family, right? See, there's a problem here. Was that? You are too likable. And so is this, is how you're likable? You think that's something you can learn though. Because like what I just did with my tonality and the questions, is anybody born with advanced questions out of their mother's room? Anybody born with advanced? I think my sister. Okay. Anybody born with advanced tonality skills out of them. No, unlikely. Anybody born with advanced objection, prevention skills, unlikely. Anybody born with advanced questioning skills, unlikely. Those are all learnable skills. In creating this framework, communication is one piece. How do we begin to think about problems so that we can communicate better? And I'm saying problems, but again, selling people into the practice. Yeah. How does the framework work? What, okay. So those are called problem awareness questions. So what most, what most business owners and salespeople do and in really anybody that sells anything is the prospect will tell them one problem and immediately what do they do? They're like, oh, yeah, that's really bad problem. Let me show you how we solve that and they go straight into their solution. But the problem is, usually the first problem the prospect tells you is not really the real problem. It's the surface problem. So it's like the Titanic, like the iceberg. They're just showing you like the tip of the iceberg. I teach you how to go like all the way down. Did her 750 meters to find the whole iceberg. So you find out everything. I call that problem finding. A lot of people say, oh, you're going to be good problem solve. I might, well, if they don't buy from you, you're not really selling problems. If you want to be great at selling, your services, or whatever you do, you have to be better problem finding that means how do I help them find not just one problem, but two, three, four, five problems. They didn't realize they had. And when you're able to do that, it actually raises your status in their mind because they view you as more of an expert because they've never been asked that type of questions that makes sense. It does. So like give me, give me an example. Let's just go back to your industry. So they tell you a problem. Like give me a problem that maybe somebody told when your last sales people that they have when they first called it. Like, oh, I called in because of this. I can't I can't lose weight. So do we know at that point? So what did the salesman? Oh, you can't lose weight? What did they do at that point? I don't know. What would they normally do? Oh, oh, that's, oh, I see. That's one of them. That's, we solved that. Like, let me show you how that's exactly what that's exactly. But the problem is is like, what if that night? So what if they, you know, they didn't buy on the call. Let's just say they didn't buy on that call, but they're going to buy the next day. Or they put down a down deposit and they're getting their funding the other day or two, right? And then somehow on TV, they see some new wonder drug. Lose weight now. Because that salesperson only found that one problem and didn't really open them up emotionally. Now they're like, well, maybe I don't need to buy that $10,000 or training thing because I can just get that weight loss thing for 35 bucks a month. And then the next day they call it cancel. See, I would once I found that problem, I'd want to find out I want to help them find many other problems. So I might then say, well, yes, and then that's a big reason why people come to us for sure. Like, how much, like, where are you at now? Just want to understand, what are you, what are you waiting now? So when we talk about weight, you're sensitive. Like, hey, what are you waiting now? Well, that's kind of private. But like, would just help me understand, what are you, what are you actually waiting now? See, I'm a tone shifts. I know. I'm mesmerized. That's a concern to that's something you learn. You learn these things. Yes, who's who's born with a concern tone and tone that shows empathy compared to playful tone. Those are things you have to learn. You know, teaches that kind of stuff? No. Well, we do now, but I went to acting school to learn that type of stuff as a sales person. My second year in sales, I was at this event with a guy named Larry Moss, teaches like Helen Hans, one of his clients, Jennifer Gardner, Jim Carey, Toby McGuire, Leonardo, the Caprio. So in acting, you know, when you go to high level acting school, like we're talking high-ess stuff. We're not talking about just, you know, Betsy down the road for 20 bucks an hour. No offense, Betsy. I love you. But at the high levels, they teach those actors and actresses, facial expressions, penalty shifts, body language, verbal pacing, verbal pauses, you know, why? Because can you imagine if who's your favorite actor actress? I don't have a favorite type. Let's just say the problem with your life. I never watch TV. I never watch TV. I never watch TV. Oh, no, I do. I'm watching the terminal list on repeat. Okay. So the rock. Okay. So the rock. That's great. So can you imagine, I don't know the rocks to anality, but imagine the rock in which of favorite movie with him. Well, I mean, right now, we're watching our cartoons. I would say Moana. Oh, well, okay. That's a bad example. Yeah. It's a Tom Cruise. Missionary. A possible twist. Perfect. So imagine if Tom Cruise was like, if he had the same tone, the whole movie, John, we got to go down to the river because there's a bomb there. And if we don't get the bomb, the CAA is not going to do anything. The CAA could like destroy the whole world. And then there's going to be anthrax. And then at that point, we wouldn't be able to do anything. And then after about five minutes, you'd probably turn off the show. Because it's a Monatone tone. There's no shifting in the tonality and the pacing of that tone. Just like I did right there. Those are things you learn how to do. Nobody's born with those skills. I would love it. I was born with those skills. It would have made it a lot easier. I wouldn't have had to, you know, spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to acquire those skills for sure. It'd been great. Thanks to one of the sponsors of the show, Von Charge. Ben, if you're a Monatone there and you've been carrying the whole team, I got a different form of therapy for you. And that is red light therapy. And listen, good light impacts sleep hormones mood and even your ability to recover and focus. Von Charge has created science back tools to help me live in better alignment with my circadian biology. Artificial light is overloading us. They have blue light blocking glasses that are staple in our house. They have red light. They have red light light bulbs. They also have infrared, pmf, mats to help chill my body relax my muscles and support full body recovery. If you've never tried red light therapy, this is the time to do it. They have some of the best devices that I've ever seen great for skin, might a congeral health and overall resilience. If you care about your skin, if you care about your sleep, if you care about your body and want to try something new, check out Von Charge.com slash Dr. Lion, use the code Dr. Lion to get 15% off your entire order. Simple, proven, designed, do support your biology. In terms of top performance, I mean, the only way you get to where you are is because you're committed and you've sought these things out. What do you think is important as it relates to top performance? How does someone get to perform at the top? Well, I think it's, you know, I was classified people in four categories. And I think I classified salespeople in these four categories, business owners, moms and dads, doctors, anybody, there's four types. They're those who wing things, those are the winners, right? So those are the people, like in sales, that would be the type of person that, you know, says something different to every prospect. They don't know what works, you know, they don't know what doesn't work. And when they don't make a lot of sales, who do they typically blame? They're prospect. All prospects are broke. Like they got fear. They never blame their, like a skill level where most of those sales people go, they get fired. That's the winner. I think about like in your profession, what would be a winner? Some of the probably like walks into the gym kind of hits a few machines here and there doesn't know what to eat that caused them to lose weight. Just, you know, eat salads with thousand eye and dressing, smear it all over it and wonders why they don't lose weight. You know, that would be a winner. They just kind of wing it. Then you said, and that's why they never get what they want. Right? So that could be a doctor that could be a seal that could be anybody and athlete. They just kind of wing it and that's why they never succeed. But they rely on their talent instead of hard work. They could work hard. Like you could be a salesperson and work your head to the ground. But if you don't know what you're saying, that works, you don't understand what not to use. You can still work hard not be successful. It just really depends on what it is, right? The second type of person that I classify is more, they kind of dabble in things. I call that the dabbleer. So if they're a salesperson, a dabble would be somebody that would maybe buy a few sales books a year, maybe attend a free event, maybe they follow me on Instagram or, you know, YouTube to get a free, you know, these are free, it's just free-basic content and they believe the lie that if they just stay long enough, if they get enough reps, eventually they'll figure it out themselves. Which we all know that strategy takes years, if not decades, to ever do. And if they ever get good, they, you know, they're forced to play the numbers game. They have to work 12, 14 hours a day because they're not very good at communicating. They just put in more hours and they eventually burn out. That's a dabbleer. So like in your profession, what would be a dabbleer? Somebody who just kind of dabbles in it. Think about that. You know, there's probably some doctors that went to medical school and did just enough to get the degree, but they're not really that successful in their practice because they just kind of dabble in it. They don't get better. They don't learn new technology. They're old school. We probably call that like a dabbleer, if that makes sense. Like a Navy seal. You know, probably not a dabbleer, but there's going to be Navy seals that are up at this level, compared to some that are at this level. So once they got to that level, you know, what did this person do, compared to these people down here, there was something different they did, right, Tom Brady, same thing. Okay, I could go on and on. Then you have the Know It Aller. That's the person that in sales initially invested, put a bit of funding in sales training. They got good. Maybe they got to six figures, multiple six figures. Then they get a big head, big ego. Think they know everything about persuasion. They stop investing their skill level. And then come get's capped. So think about your profession. What's the Know It Aller? Somebody who's doing it? Yeah, well, somebody who thinks that they know everything that they can never get better, that they're best in that everybody else. That's a Know It Aller, right? And we all know that comes from ego. And we all know ego is the greatest prohibitor of somebody getting to the highest level they could, right? And then the fourth person, I call that person. It's any air of life. I call that person committed to mastery. That's your top one person or higher. The ones who committed, like committed to mastery, they're always investing in their skill level, because they know their skill level determines how much they get paid, right? And they know that training is not something they like did in the past, but training is something they do to get to the top and stay there. So think about like your favorite athlete, where they a winner, Daubler, Know It Aller, committed to mastery, committed to mastery. Always. You know, best doctors in your space, including you, winner, Daubler, Know It Aller, committed to mastery. Committed to mastery. I don't know many people that are not committed to mastery. That's a good circle of friends to have. I mean, that's where you want to be, right? You want to be around people, rock, committed to mastery. Not everybody is though, but that's a choice. You can choose that or if somebody who's on that road to mastery, like you might not have mastered something, but sure you're putting in the time, you're putting in the skill level, you're learning from other people. That's a good person to be around to. If you're not like, if you're like new and upcoming, right? You're not always going to be like hanging out with billionaires, you know, as a 21 year old necessarily, but you can hang around people who want who are going that place. So if you think about any person life, the greatest parents in life, winters, Daublers, Know It Aller, committed to mastery, like I can keep going on. So those four types of people, and you just got to decide which group you want to hang out with. Hmm, it sounds pretty extreme, you know, it just depends on what type of results you want in any area of your life. Like I said, it could be apparent, winner, Daubler, Know It Aller, committed to mastery. Like if you want to be the best parent in the world, you're going to probably get books and training on like how to how to do everything the right way. You're not just going to wing it. Like a lot of parents do. I've been parenting sometimes here and there. I'm going to be real, you know, but I've had to like in the last several years and like you know, I need to learn more about relationships and stuff. You know, I've done all the stuff with sales and sales training. Like, have I been a dabble in relationships? Like I need to take a relationship course. You know, I went to Tony Robbins, the relationship was amazing. You know, I learned so much, you know. Yeah. And then you apply it. So you, there's probably difference between those that just do and then those that ultimately apply. Yes. You know, I always say your biggest expense in life is your lack of applied knowledge. Not just knowledge. I know a lot of people that have a lot of knowledge, they just don't do anything that they don't apply it. So here's what I think. So if I'm being honest, I think you're speaking for being honest with me. Yeah. I hope you be honest with me. Yes. I, you know, so if anyone someone says, oh, I'm just being honest, like, Virginia really lie. That's exactly why I did that. But what I'm trying to get to and I think that the audience will love because I'm also interested in it and meaning I think that people don't make the connection between what your professional. So we're talking about sales, but what you're really good at and forgive me for saying this is people. Yeah. You're very good at people framing questions and connecting and moving them towards access. What selling is most people just have never been training to it the right way. I've come in like humanized sales and it just becomes from my background. I was going to become psychologist and I'm not a psychologist by the way. I actually dropped out on a clear, I dropped up my senior year at a credit stop. Legitly. Why would you do that? Because I was already in like a big corporate career. I was making five times more than the professors teach me and I was like, I'm not going to be a psychologist. I'm going to be in the sales side. So like, why don't I need to finish my degrees of psychology? I just didn't, you know, just making too much money is a kid. It was like 22. So just, but going back, I took what I learned from my studies and it wasn't, you know, I expanded that. Like I would go out and buy courses. I would go to seminars. Like you're not going to learn all that stuff from just going to psych 101 or anything, right? You're going to learn a little bit of that. But I took that. In my first job, I got in college was selling door to door like alarm systems. And I remember the sales manager, he told us, yeah, you got to knock on a hundred doors. You know, talk to 30 people that'll be home. Out of the 30 people, you're going to sell one. So my brain is like, well, if I talk to 30, I can't sell like 25 a bit. I don't understand. Like I'm preventing something bad from happening. It's like life insurance. I'm also like I'm preventing, I'm deterring intruders from breaking in like physically like, you know, coming in, hurting people, like tearing stuff up, stealing valuables, like, you know, all that stuff. So like, my mind was like, that doesn't make sense. Like I don't want to talk to 30 people. I said one, like I want to be able to help as many people as I can. So when I first started, I didn't know what it was doing. Right. I was just using their script. It's door slam, slam, slam, and most salespeople will be what? They'd be like, oh, this is a bad neighborhood. These people are mean. They're all broke. Always blaming the prospect. My mind goes, okay, what did I say? Or what did I ask? Or how did I, how did I, how did I use my tone that triggered that reaction in their nervous system? Because anytime somebody goes into fighter flight mode, that's a triggered reaction. Not from them. It's something that's triggering that that you're doing the salesperson, okay? And so I would just would reverse engineering. Like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, if I talk to you fast, they seem like they're just the guards always up. So I need to slow down a little bit. And a lot of stuff, I just kind of learn all my own. Now, they're, I learn from other people, body language experts, you know, I learn from Larry Moss tonality, those type of things. I keep expanding that. But I was looking as like, what's kind of like Tom, I was like, you ever seen that Tom Brady documentary is so good. It talks about his life and his dedication to craft and how he became the best. And Tom never really blamed his teammates necessarily, very rare. He always is like, oh, I threw that in reception. So you go back and watch the game film. We're like, oh, yep, yep, my front foot. I was too forward on that. And so the ball said about four inches high. He's always looking for his mistakes. We can correct those the next game. That's why I viewed sales. I'd always review the film, the game tape or the recordings. I'd record a bunch of stuff to see where did I lose the sale? What did I do right there? And I started like messing, like putting it all together. And that's a parallel for life, right? It's how you do this. Would also translate to how you become better at life? I want to know what I'm doing wrong. I always say the, like I said, the biggest problem in life, biggest problem sales is the problem that you don't know you have. Because if you don't know what your poems are, you can't ever fix it. So it's always really good to take constructive feedback from the right people, though. A lot of people take advice from people who are not that qualified to give the advice. And that's the problem that I see with a lot of people that have training programs is a lot of them, not all of them, but a lot of them are amateurs. They just don't have enough experience. They don't have the credit intervals. They don't have the success. You know, it's talking to Alex, Hermosie. I'm not my person friends with them, but we talk here and there. I know it's life. Oh, I was right. I've never met them. They just talk on the phone here and there. And I was congratulating about his big book launch on that stuff. And we were talking about like all these people out there, these coaches or whatever they're like, hey, we're going to scale your business to 100 million, 200 million a year. And you find their background, they never did that in their own business. So if you're taking advice about how to scale your business from somebody who never scaled theirs, like, what's likely going to happen? Probably not what you want. And so you always have to see like who am I taking advice from? What was their track record? With what they're teaching me now? What was their track record when they were in the thick of it? Because always say you can steal somebody's content, but you can never steal their wisdom and their experience in making that content. That's why it'll always be a water down version of what you do. It's I try to copy Tony Robbins just because you hear him at events. If you don't understand the psychology behind it and how he came up with it and his experience using it, you're going to be a shell of that person. Do you think that sales has taught you to navigate life better? It is and you know what it is, it still teaches me that. I always say I know nothing. I'm just a student. I'm still learning just like everyone else. In terms of rejection, sales has a lot of rejection. It doesn't. It doesn't. It's under skill level. If my skill level is up here, I'm going to get a lot less rejection than if it's down here, right? Wait, $3,000. $3. Wait, is that number right? I spent more money on skincare. My pores should be taxed deductible, maybe even have their own trust fund. And thank goodness that I found one skin. Because one skin, it doesn't just make empty promises. It's research driven minimalistic and tested for beauty, skin health and longevity. One skin is the first top-cult skincare backed by peptide science that targets skin aging at the molecular level. I slather this on all day. They have a peptide that is designed to reduce the accumulation of dead cells or zombie cells that drive inflammation tissue breakdown as we age. Now, this isn't about cosmetic quick fixes. It's about changing the biology of your skin. Strengthening the barrier, improving firmness, hydration, elasticity with clinically tested ingredients. So, if you are focused on aging well from the inside out, it's time also to think about your skin. It should get the same level of care. Go to 1skin.co for 15% off use the co-doctor lion. It is amazing and it will not break the bank. How would you now or how would you have no rejection? I don't like if somebody doesn't buy something for me like when I was in the trenches selling as a salesperson, we're going for companies. If somebody is like a sold everybody, but they knew when I got out of that conversation that I was generally concerned for the consequences for them of them not changing their situation. And that's how I looked at sales. I'm sorry I couldn't help you, but I wouldn't say this, but they knew I was concerned about the consequences because they didn't buy. And that gives a lot of people to call you back if that makes sense. So, you don't enter on it. I don't know because I'm not the one that has the problems. They do. I'm the one that can solve them though. That's what sales is. I'm not the one that has the problems. I'm the one that can solve them. So, why I'm not going to qualify to them. I'm not going to be a douche, but I'm not going to qualify to, you know what I mean? That's so obsessed with like that. Like, oh, you know, I don't know if you're qualified for what we do. Like nobody believes that. Like that's not a technique. So, I'm not going to qualify to them. I teach says people how to get the prospect to qualify to you because you're the one that can solve their problems. You can take away their pain. You can take away their fear of future pain. Right? I mean with what you sell, the two biggest, I always say this, the two biggest emotional drivers that cause a human being to want to change are actually pain and the fear of future pain. A lot of people say it's pain and the pleasure's second. Precious a disinthird, just like I told you, like with what you do, if someone's like, man, I got to get in the best shape of my life because I want to look great in that bikini, the summer on the beach. Well, that's what they say to you. But what is their fear? They have a fear that when they get on that beach, they're going to be judged by others. They're not going to look that good. They're not going to feel good. That's a fear of future pain. Pleasure's always a disinthird. It's interesting. I would always think that motivation, not motivation in the sense of raw raw, but the overachieving aspect would drive people or to see with their people. Well fear can do that. Master it can drive you to overachieve. Fear is not a bad thing. This is a fear can literally drive you to be successful because maybe you grew up poor as a kid and you never want to be poor again so that fear continually drives you to make more money. Does that create? So you are known. I don't know if you know this, but for a very high performance lifestyle. Did you know that? I did not know that. And you were saying that you did you know that? You even know that. I thought we were just a sales trainee company. High performance last. Yeah. High performance lifestyle is being able to operate at a very high level. And there's a level of mastery for that. I mean, there is not a difference between being the best at what you do over here, being the best at what you do in medicine or being the best at what you do if you're a speaker or a communicator. There are through lines. And there are habits that go with those through lines. So I'm curious as to some of your high performance. Have you people that ask you about your own personal physical habits? Just to be a problem with the, I go to the gym so I don't get fat. Which is hilarious. Which I've never heard that. I literally say from a high performance. Yeah, I go to my high performance. I think most people go to the gym because they just don't tell you that. No, they would tell me just real. They just think, look, if somebody's like, I want to get big, like, you know, I would be strong. It's because they have a fear of looking out of shape. They have a fear that people are going to judge him. It just comes back to human, the human needs we all have. Think about it. If that is the case, what, what are some of the things that you do? So you don't get fat. I go to the gym. So I go to the gym, you know, depending on travel schedule, I try to go five days a week, when I'm in town. I've seen an average is about four times a week. But I do three times a week. I do hit training. So like I have a coach there at the gym owner, like, has a coach. It's like four of us, you know, it's really good. I go at five, 30 in the morning. Like always, I always wake up at five. I'm not a 40 in person. Like, I don't, those are different breed. That's for sure. My CEO wakes up at three, third and I grow the three A. M. Club, like, you're the whole different level. Like, I'm five A. I'm like, I'm the web. They have genoc mutations. I'm so outgoing. They do. Something's telling you. So I go to the gym early. That's the time I can just get it done. So three times we get to hit training one time we get to crossfit. That's usually the schedule. If I go five times a week, I'll probably hit training four of those times one time we crossfit. I try to halfway decent. I'm definitely, I would say a dablar in the eating game, because I have a weakness for like cookies here and there. But I try to get like sugar free cookies. That makes me feel better. I don't know why. I'm not sure. It's probably just like a solder to yourself. Yeah. Like 78% less sugar. You know? So I just, you know, I take supplements. You do? What kind of supplements do you take? I took the 10 X supplements, but I just switched over to a new brand. Okay. I don't know. But you don't ever think it. Do you know what I think? I need to do better. I need to do better. I can better outsource it to someone who is a master of their own. I need to get a master. I need to hire you, doctor. I'm not taking patients. Ugh. See? Look at this. She's getting me to qualify to her. I like it. You're all right. I don't even know what I'm doing. I'm already learning. Well, you can maybe refer me to somebody because I need to take it more seriously because then we're all getting older. Here's what I would say. Time flies by quickly. Time. Your biggest asset. It does. Because once it's gone, you can never get it back. You can be a billionaire. You can't buy more time. That's right. Or more health. So I want to know you're not off the how to dablar on supplements. I would say I'm committing to mastery on supplements and doing much better. I've had peaks in my life. I took them all the time for your straight and then for some reason something goes wrong with an order. I just get busy and then format later on a crap. I didn't take supplements again. I so I probably need to hire somebody that just does it for me. What about nutrition? What does that look like for you? I read it really healthy. Sunday through Friday. I am really really good. I buy meals from a protein ass in a lot of places. I had a trainer that hired that did my blood work and stuff and showed me all the time food to eat. Why this is better? It's really good. Weakness is Saturday. I don't have a very good Saturday's doctor. Sometimes I cook these on Saturdays. If I just cut out the food, it's coming for you. Yes. It's not a special weakness. I know the mind. I still have a hard time over coming the mind. I'm working on that. I know what the mind is doing. No, you don't. You want to have those cookies and you're telling yourself. There's a sugar addiction. It's sugar's drug. No. It's not a drug. Typically, addictions don't just happen on Saturday after you. Okay. Valid. I'm like the person that's really like these days of the week. I'm perfect. Then it's like a cheat day. I just go too extreme on the day. Three meals and cheat eggs. I'm telling you, I will tell you this. As someone who takes care of entrepreneurs, health is a common denominator. They will never get higher than their health. You cannot outpace your biology. Period. End of story. I would say entrepreneurs are the new kind of warrior. I mean, we have the warriors. But their tolerance for pain and suffering and mistakes is very high. Yeah. The mental clarity. I want to talk to you about that when I have you on the show. For sure. Which is going to be soon. Can you talk to me about your own health? So there was something and I think it's really important to share when we go through stuff. Because people look at you and I'm sure they are inspired and they think everything is easy and all of it is rosy. But it's not all the time. So you're talking about this stuff. I can't answer stuff. I am. Okay. A lot of people have only been asked that one other time. So I found out I had no idea. So but two little over two years ago, two years ago, and June. That over two years ago. I noticed there was this ball back here at the back of my leg, like backside of my leg, and it had been there for probably at least a decade. It didn't hurt. I never thought anything about it. And I kept, I was scrubbing and wondering and I said, I should probably go to a dermatologist for many days. And I said that before, years before, I just never did. And so I went to a dermatologist. You know, because I didn't know it was. And he examined it and he's like, you know, it's a tumor, but it's like 100% benign for sure. Like you don't even need to get taken out. You can get it taken out. Or we can go in and take it out. It's toilet to you. It's a 100% benign if it's been there for 10 years. It doesn't hurt or anything. I'm like, why don't you take it out? Because like, I just thought it was a bump. I don't know what it was. So not a general surgeon. You went to the dermatologist. They ultrasound it. So yeah, so they just thought it was benign. So I went to the dermatologist. They removed it. And I still remember his words. He's like, oh, I had this a little bit different. He's like, yeah, we take it back. I'm sure it's not a big deal. Like, you know, we'll micrce, you know, whatever they do. And you know, I had a, I was going to Europe for vacation like a week later. He's like, I'll call you in a couple weeks. He's like, yeah, he's, but don't worry about it. It's probably nothing. I'm okay. So I'm in France. I still remember the rumors in France. I was in hotel room. He was in, was it Mars? No, was, uh, niece. No, Marseille, Marseille, France. And I get this call from a 480 number. And it's like 10.30, not. And I like who's call me. Like, and I just, I never used the answer to the call. For some reason, I was like, I need to take this call. I don't know why. And it is on this different website. He's like, hello, he's like, yeah, Jeremy, this is Dr. So and so it's like, I need you to just set down. I'm like, I don't know. I don't know. I'm like, okay. Can you pause? Was your heart racing? Yeah, I didn't really know what to, it was almost like the moves that I need you to set down. Is that tone shift? You know, you could tell like there was some concern there. And he's like, hey, we examine this. He's like, we don't, this is cancer, but we can't tell what type of cancer. We're going to send this off to the Cleveland Clinic because this looks like a very rare type of cancer. So our comma is very rare. Yeah. And we want to make sure. And it's going to take about three to four weeks. Well, I had just got there probably three or four days. I had about three more weeks there. So the whole time I'm there, I didn't know like, did I have three months, six months, a year, ten years. I didn't, it might not have been a big deal. I didn't know, but it was, it was, it was an interesting time in my life for sure. And so when I got back, I didn't tell anybody though. But the thing, a lot of people are, why didn't you say anything to anybody? Because I didn't want to, especially since I didn't know what it was at that time. I didn't want to wear anybody, especially like all my employees, like, I think I told my business part at that time. That was it. And swore secrets. You said, I don't want to worry about that. Clients, you know, we got clients over the world. Like, I'm not going to get them worried. I don't even know what it is. And so then when I got back, he's like, you know, it's start coma. It's like 65% survival rate. So this, and then they did the MRIs or whatever they do, they didn't find any cancer anywhere else. I just didn't, I just didn't tell anybody because I didn't want, and when people to worry, they're going to make sense. You know, I just, I don't want my kids to worry. I didn't tell my kids like a year later. I didn't tell my employees. I didn't tell, I didn't go out and announce it or anything because first of all, I was like, it wasn't like stage four or anything, you know, but it was, it was big. I didn't know at that time. I didn't know. Well, even when I found out, you know, because then I had to go get surgery on it. So then they bring in because the dermatologist is not like a tumor specialist. So when they did that, some of it, they got most of it out, but then it like spread out all over the place, right, in here, right? So then they bring in like a really high-level specialist. He takes it out. He removes the rest of it out. That was a painful surgery, by the way. Holy hell. Were you under general anesthesia? What, they knocked me out. Yeah, sure. It was really painful. Like I was on like, you know, what's the drug they take it? Oxy codeners something like every couple hours. Like for it was painful for about five, six days, really bad. And so anyways, then I keep going, you know, everything's good, you know, start blocking again after five, six days, back in the office, working everything. And then like three months later, I was up on, no, it's actually right after because there's a bunch of staples. There's like 45 staples there. So I think I grabbed the staples there. It was big. It was like all the way here. So after they took the staples out, does that maybe a month after later? I remember I was speaking on stage in Salt Lake City. And I remember it was like the day after I just kind of moved this way real quick. I felt it tear. Gosh. And I was like, oh, and then I went to the hotel room that night. It was like, it was bleeding a little bit. And I could tell it was like open. Why didn't think anything of it? Like an idiot. And the next day I went to like Cabo. And I'm setting in like the hot tub. And that's probably not a good idea with an open wound. Well, then it gets infected. I get really sick the day I come back like two days later. And they have to like, I almost passed out. So my girlfriend at the time like took me to the ER because I was like, why in the face? Like we had a lot of stuff. And I got some type of infection. It's called a certainness. It's like, it's a bad infection. Staff infection. Yes. And so then they'd open the wound back up. And for two straight days, they put like some type of drains in there. So I have like this wound. And IVN around. Oh my god. Yeah, the painful two days might morphine all that stuff. Like just like drug me up. And then they bring the doctor again to redo it. And so then I had to go through, you know, so it was like three surgeries and like six months. Not very fine. But you know, I'm just complaining now. Okay. First of all, you're not complaining. In the second of all, I want to share what's our coma is because it's a rare type of cancer. And it arises from mesenchymal tissue, which is a connective tissues that support in the body. And there are more than 70 different subdubs. It is very rare. It's either soft tissues or coma bone. This wasn't bone. This was soft tissue. It is less than 1% of all adult cancers. Well, there you go. From the time that you got that call, it says time that you knew something, what was that like? It really, it really taught me a valuable lesson that our last fly by really quickly. And so, you know, I was worried about my kids. You know, if I kids, especially my youngest one, because she was five at that time, it was like she's going to know her dad growing up. So that was really tough on me. You know, my older kids, they would miss me of course. But they they're a little bit older, you know, you know, the other 18 through 24, but I still worried about them, you know, what would their life's be without me? What would my company be like without me? So these things were all going through my mind, you know, at that point for sure in a big way. That was pretty rough. But it taught me a valuable lesson that at the end of the day, you know, you take two things with you in the next life. You take your knowledge that you learned. And I believe you take the love that you had for your family and your fellow man. And that's really the only two things you take in the next life. And so it maybe start to realize like, hey, there's errors in your life. You need to get better at because you don't know your your time or date that, you know, God's going to take you. So there's a valuable lesson for sure. And do you still think about it? Not as much anymore, you know, because it's it was isolated to that. So the doctor's like, it's very rare. Like if it was spreading all over, we got a problem. But since it's been there for 10 years in the same place and hasn't spread, it's good. Um, let's still, you know, I'm I definitely cut down sugar intake. You know, different things like that. Took more supplements. I need to get better. Um, it comes up here and there. I don't think any of us, I think AI is really cool because I think that AI is really going to help with some of the stuff, you know, preventative stuff. Um, but it's definitely a situation that it really causes you to really reflect on your life for sure. Most people don't have those. They go through life and they don't have those. Yeah. How did you process it? I mean, because you said it was a tough time, but you are, I just kept going. Like the thing with me is like, I put on horse blinders. Yeah. Like we had, we have hundreds of thousands of clients everywhere, every industry. They paid us to get a result. I'm not going to let my circumstances hold them back. So in my mind, this wasn't saying anything because I'm like, I don't want to give them more it. Like they're going to be taking care of like, I have to still perform for them. And so I, I really, I think that really helped me because that it caused me not to think about it all the time. Like I wasn't, I didn't have self-pity. Like I was like, I have things to do. I have people to help. Like I'm going to go forward. And I didn't really think about it that much. I thought about some, but like I wasn't sitting there like crying every day. You know, like I'm doing something in my life. I have purpose. And that's why I want to stay here. And I think that's important. I think a lot of people don't do that. They get into this like, oh no, you know, like, why is this happening to me? I didn't necessarily think like that. I just thought like, it's a thing. And I got to deal with it. But I've got other things I got to deal with. And I'm just going to go forward. And I know that's probably not the most greatest answer, but it's just kind of what happened. I just had things to do. And so there's another thing that I do with. And I think as an entrepreneur, you have things you have to do with every day. And as long as you know that you can do those things, you can do it in a high level and do other things. Like you just don't worry about it. There was no narrative. I do. Yeah, I don't have like a sad story around it. I'm just like, I got to do these things. This is thing I have to deal with. I was kind of pissed off because it took a lot of time. I had to go get MRIs and I call these scans all the time and set in weight in rooms and like this sucks. You know, I had to go like just all this stuff for like six months. You know, like every, I think every four to six months, I have to go back and get more test rate over to make sure it doesn't come back. But it's an issue. You have to do that now. Yeah, it's like every four or six months. They do some type of scanners. Yeah. Yeah. This might surprise you. Yeah. But the best of the best at what they do do not have a narrative about I had one patient who um he was a 20 year seal and he lost his leg. Some growth is texting and driving and it was you know in my office six months later and I was asking these questions just much like I'm asking you now and I was like, how is this? How are you doing? And I'm expecting this pity and you know and you know, a lit of other answers and he was like, now you're talking about my leg. It's like back. That was like six months ago. Get it all right. He's got things he's got to do. He's got things he's got to do. Yeah. You know I have a lot more questions for you and I know that we are probably running out of time because you did it. Great questions. You really many think. You have really good. Thank you. So my my last question is if you could give people one piece of advice whether it is in business and sales and health and life. What would it be? It's going to sound boring. I always say success is simply a choice. Choose well. That's about it. It's just a choice. Once you choose you do the things that successful people do. You make decisions like success. We will do you make choices like successful people do but you first have to choose. I love that. I think you're very inspiring. Thank you very much. You're going to maybe cry if you're tear me up. And I hope everybody learned something. You know this is a section that we're calling strong icons. And it's not just about medicine. It is about the person and they're very whole being something. I want to you're going to ask me today. I was wondering what you're going to ask me today. I'm like what she actually going to ask me about persuasion and influence. I said this is a really good really show congratulations. Thank you. You're welcome.