Plately rich plasma is basically where we take your blood, we concentrate it using a centrifuge and that just spins it at a really high volume. And what that does is concentrate the platelets and hence the name platelet rich plasma because it's rich in platelets. And platelets, you can think of them like little molecules and there is kind of the drug that we're injecting into the body to help it heat to heal. Plately it's something called growth factors and something called cytokines. Now the cytokine profile is the key to what determines if PRP is going to be efficacious. And have to talk about that. Yeah, and that's the biggest issue with this whole PRP field. It's there's no standardization when it comes to PRP. You have a thousand clinics offering PRP now and no one's doing it. No majority of them are not measuring cytokines and B majority of them don't even know what they're doing when they're injecting this. Or what they're injecting. Thank you to Vivo Health for sponsoring this episode of the show. Vivo Health makes the most incredible footwear and that is Vivo barefoot. I use these shoes to train to walk around and you better believe that they are incredible. Here's why I love Vivo barefoot. Number one, it allows me to feel very stable in all of my training. I feel like I can move without being afraid that I'm going to trip. I feel as if my feet are getting stronger and in fact, there is evidence to support that my feet are getting stronger. Studies show that foot strength increases by roughly 60% in just a matter of months by walking around in these shoes. It's kind of like exercise for your feet. Another thing is this footwear is made from recycled materials and I can't help but think about all of the waste that we put the wide. Especially, you know, with my little kids where always going through clothes and and shoes. This footwear uses recycled materials with the aim to protect the planet. If you don't like the shoes, all you have to do is let them know, but I know that that's not going to happen. Vivo barefoot.com that's vivo barefoot.com slash doctor lion for 15% off. Doctor, a deal, con. Thank you so much for joining me today. I am very excited to bring this conversation forward and we're going to learn a whole bunch. Yeah, I know, I'm so excited. I've been looking forward to this for a while. You know, it's really funny. And as I was mentioning earlier to you, there's not there's probably been only a handful of times. Where people have said to me, you really got to sit down with Dr. Onney, got to talk to them and special shout out to the mind pump guys and to Jordan. Shalos, but really, and you have treated and we know and have many, many mutual friends. So I'm really grateful that you're here. I'm grateful for the opportunity and I think it's going to be a really exciting conversation. Yeah, and you know, just on that note, I was looking at some of the data regarding. I'm going to share this with you. So basically, you guys, what we're going to be talking all about is not just muscular skeletal health, muscular skeletal health, probably cartilage, tendons, anything that would impair. A body's ability to function from a physical aspect. Would you say that that's right on point exactly. And just check out these numbers. These are annual numbers. 800,000 newer placements here. 450,000 hip replacements and 150,000 shoulder replacements annually. Those, and let me just keep going. 21% of the entire population has arthritis. And 51% in the US, 51% of adults in the US have arthritis. That's over half the population of adults. That's insane. And what you do, in part, is to make that better. Yes, and we're doing it quite successfully. And I think it's important to remember joint replacements are 100% success either. And so that's why people are looking for better alternatives. But not only that, there's a lot of people who are being offered these at a very young age when these joint replacements won't last the whole duration of their actual. Metallic longevity, essentially. Absolutely. And I've seen that. And the things that we as physicians, so you are a physician and I do want to hear about your history and how you got into regenerative medicine. The options that we can offer patients for things like arthritis, for things like laboral tears, the traditional medicine is not good. No, it's really not good. So if someone comes to you and says, I have an arthritic knee. The standard of care is what? Yeah, exactly. And this is what got me, I mean, this is exactly why I got into it. Because these patients would come to me as a sports doctor and then interventional pain kind of train. We're trading chronic pain, which is half of it is osteoarthritis. It's not more than half. And so people come in with the knee issue and they've tried physiotherapy. They've tried acupuncture to try the conservative management, maybe bracing. They're going to a doctor because they're trying to see what's next because I've tried all the conservative routes. And the doctor generally speaking will do something called cortisol injections. That's kind of the first line and still I think most guidelines still recommend that as a first guideline as a first line. And unfortunately, cortisol is great temporarily as a pain relief because it reduces inflammation. But then what is it doing to the joint? And we know there's enough data, not just in vitro data, suggesting that there's condo toxicity, which means cortisol is actually toxic to the cartilage, meaning it eats away at it. And that's in vitro, meaning test tube studies, but then there's in vivo data, an actual clinical trial data showing that even one injection can accelerate the progression of osteoarthritis. And this is something that is never done in terms of proper consent, meaning the physician never informs the patient to say that, hey, we're going to do this cortisol, but it may make they may make things worse in the long term. I've never had a single patient who's been told by an orthopedic surgeon that this is a possibility. I, if I do cortisol, which I rarely do, but if I'm doing it for example, if a patient's going to have a patient, they just want some pain relief and they really want something to reduce inflammation, then I'll tell them, hey, we can do this, but this is what is a possibility. And that's called proper informed consent, which is unfortunately not happening. And so it's such a disservice because in these patients get that cortisol, maybe it works, maybe it doesn't. And then even if it does work, it eventually stops working and then what's next, then usually the orthopedic surgeon will say, okay, we can do maybe hyaluronic acid. That's becoming more and more common, which is just a lubricant basically to replenish the joint, kind of like an oil change for your joint. And that'll last six months typically. And then eventually that'll stop working and then they'll say, okay, now you're ready for joint replacement. And it's almost, it's almost ironic because it's like the system is feeding itself because when you do cortisol, they also mix in something called marcan or be pivicane and marcan and be pivicane are also countertoxic. So you're basically putting in a bunch of countertoxic fluid into the joint that is then setting them up for knee replacement even faster. And that's unfortunate, that really is unfortunate. Before we dive into all the details, tell me a little bit about yourself. How did you get to be doing what you are doing? It takes a very special type of person to think outside the box. And usually there's a moment where you go, you know what, what I'm doing right now, there has to be a better option. So take us through a little bit about your history, your background, what kind of physician you are, how you were trained. Yeah, well, I think like many, many people who are a bit outside of the box and girls, I started off as a fitness trainer. Why didn't you? Oh, really? But I had that maybe I should have. Yeah, I surprised you did it because, yeah, so I worked at a gym just like a personal trainer. And when you work as a personal trainer, though, you obviously see how exercise can be medicine, right? You see it firsthand. You see patients with diabetes, high blood pressure, cholesterol issues, all get better when they just start eating better and they start exercising and give the right dosing sort of speak with that stuff. So obviously I saw it as a personal trainer before I went into medicine. And then when I'm in medical school, I was all excited because I'm like, oh, I'm really going to get to treat people and reverse disease and all that. I think we all, we have to feel that way going into medical school. Yeah, so you're so enthusiastic. And then it's, there's, I had one lecture on nutrition and where do you want to medical school? So you're Canadian. Yeah, University of Ottawa, which in Canada, all the schools are considered pretty topped here. Because there's not that many medical schools. So you get a good education, but even topped here is essentially just very lip service when it comes to nutrition and lifestyle medicine. So the one lecture we had on nutrition was the Canada's food guide. And I remember arguing with the person being like, this isn't right. Like there's more to this. And then the nutritionist was teaching us was like, no, this is what the endocrinologist teaches. This is what the American diabetic association says. This is what American Heart Association says. This is what we have to follow. And I was kind of just like, this is crazy. So that was my first like kind of moment being like, okay, there's obviously something going on here. This is just, this is just odd. Why aren't we learning more about the root cause of disease when we know there are interventions that can help to reverse it. And so that's what kind of led me during medical school. Yes, I was studying alipathic medicine, which is medical like a doctorate in medicine. But then I was also studying functional and interrogative medicine. So I was just kind of, that's what I used to read for fun basically. And I first thought, don't know how you had any time to read anything else in medical school because that is brutal and itself. When you finish medical school, did you do? What kind of residency did you do? I just did general practice, but then I did that family medicine. Yes, exactly. But then I went into sports medicine, which is kind of his own two years fellowship trading. And I worked under Dr. Anthony Gallia, who's kind of the pioneer of something called platelet rich plasma injections. I have a question, is it was he, is he Italian? He is, Malta. Malta, yes. Okay, I think so that gentleman has quite a reputation. He has, he sees a lot of athletes that are, I believe under the radar, not saying under the radar. Maybe a better way of saying is there's a lot of individuals that go to him that maybe don't publicize that. For injuries, for injury prevention, etc. Yeah, and that's still the case for myself and him because unfortunately most team doctors are orthopedic surgeons. Not saying that's about their amazing surgeons are great. If you need your body open and you need surgery, but many of these people do not need surgery and there's alternatives. And so they have to sneak behind the door as more or less and come see us and knock tell their team. And did you, when you did a fellowship in them, is it a standard fellowship? Is it, for example, here in the US, if you do a sports medicine fellowship, it may be one or two years and it is within a governing body. Is that the same for you or was this more of a mentorship? Yeah, it's more like a mentorship. They have like the formal one as well, but I didn't want to do the formal one. I chose not to because that's one year formal fellowship and then you get like that whole kind of like traditional, I guess designation, but I chose to mentor under him and do two years instead of one year because I wanted to learn innovative medicine whereas I looked at the traditional curriculum and it was literally so boring because it was essentially just very, there was no intervention. It was basically physio, cortisol and then referrals of surgery. That's what primary care sports medicine was. And I was just kind of like, this isn't exciting. Like how is this, how, and I didn't feel like I was doing anything for patients. I was just for, I was either getting them NSAIDs, referring to physio, cortisol and then surgery. That's it. And then you started, so you finished this fellowship and during this fellowship you learned I'm assuming PRP stem cell. I don't, they don't think they call it stem cell. Any of that transfer or yeah, so basically. And by the way, I've had all of these done. Okay. I want love to hear your perspective on a very significant injury that I've had. So yes, I'd love to hear the kinds of interventions that you've been doing that you have done. Yeah, so the biggest issue with PRP and people who don't even know PRP. Yeah, exactly. They forward to outline your, how many different treatments did you guys do? Three, five. Yeah, I would say like four to five really main stage treatments. And what are those? So, platelet rich plasma is basically where we take your blood. We concentrate it using a centrifuge and that just spins it out of really high volume. And what that does is concentrate the platelets and hence the name platelet rich plasma because it's rich in platelets. And platelets, you can think of them like little molecules and there's kind of the drug that we're injecting into the body to help it heal. Platelets have something called growth factors and something called cytokines. Now, the cytokine profile is the key to what determines if PRP is going to be efficacious. And have to talk about that. Yeah, and that's the biggest issue with this whole PRP field. There's no standardization when it comes to PRP. Do you have a thousand clinics offering PRP now? And no one's doing it. No one's majority of them are, A are not measuring cytokines. And B, majority of them don't even know what they're doing when they're injecting the stuff or what they're injecting. And the reason is because where are they getting their PRP? It's just some manufacturer who's some rep that comes from some company who makes PRP. And they're like, here, use this machine. Armour machines the best. But if it's a PRP, so a PRP would be considered plasma rich. Plasma rich or platelet rich plasma would be considered a biologic, right? It wouldn't be from the person. And everybody's probably plasma is different. Exactly. And is there a way in real time to determine the foundations of what is in that plasma to say, Okay, well, you have this is leukocyte rich plasma at this number. This is going to be effective for your shoulder injury. There is now something called a platelet counter, which you can use. And that's one of the things we were using because we had a scientist on our team with Tony, Dr. Gallia. And he and what he and he was the first one as far as I know, really talking about the cytokine profile. And that's where I learned from him. And that was the reason why he pioneered a second generation plasma called cyto-rich. But that one was essentially to make an increase the anti-inflammatory cytokines. So there's something called inter-lucin receptor antagonist or i-rap. And there's another company called that has something called orto-kine in regenocine. And that's made from Germany. That was by Peter Willing. And the reason why that one was getting a lot of attention was because people were calling it a second generation PRP. Because it had more anti-inflammatory cytokines than the original PRP. And now what CETA rich had was i-rap, but then it also had something called Timps, which are tissue inhibitor metalloproteneases. And this all comes from the person or this was often the person. So Timps target MMP, specifically MMP9, which is matrix metalloproteneases, and which are one of the catabolic cytokines that degrade cartilage. And so that's why you can enhance PRP using these methods. So you better targeting the pro-inflammatory cytokines, there are causing the chronic inflammation and the degradation of the joint. So you have this kind of progression of PRP from like first generation where you just kind of mix again and hoping it works. To second generation where you're trying to standardize a little bit more by standardizing the cytokine profile. But the issue is as you were saying, is that it really depends on who you're taking it from. Because if you have an end there's been studies on this. If you take a 70 year old and take their PRP and compare to a 20 year old, there's a very vast difference in terms of cytokine profile. In terms of antibiotic growth factors, in terms of anti-inflammatory cytokines. So of course there's going to be variability in efficacy because you're only targeting so many cytokines. And the number of those is going to decrease as you get older. And so that was one of our biggest interventions. And then we also had something called autologous committed progenitor cells. So it's pathologist, committed progenitor cells. I know it's a lot of a... I'm happy I can't even put that in. I wish. So this is what is erroneously described by every, almost every physician in the United States, except maybe a few who I can, you know, Dr. Steve Samson who's amazing, but maybe there's only a few who don't call it that, but they all call it stem cells. It's not stem cells. It's a committed progenitor. I'm very glad to hear you say that because when we hear stem cells, it's not a thing. No. It is illegal in the USA. I was absolutely... But that's a most stem cell. So anyone offering you stem cells is telling you a lie, and you need to be careful because they are uneducated, and they do not understand the science of mesenchymal stem cells. I'm very, very grateful to hear you say that. Yes. A toggle, whatever committed progenitive cells. Yes. That is one treatment. That's where we take your fat or your bone marrow. And we concentrate, and we isolate their progenitor cells, committed, meaning they can only differentiate into certain cell lineages, but they don't really have much different sensation capacity. So these aren't really turning into new cells. What they're doing is they're doing something called paracreen signaling, which means they're helping to reduce inflammation and help to improve the microenvironment where the chronic inflammation is occurring as an osteoatoreitis. So doing still can be beneficial, but you just... people need to understand when doctors are telling you you're getting a stem cell injection. It is not a stem cell injection. It is an anti-inflammatory signal that can last for a couple years. Which is still great. I mean, it's still helpful, but it's not a, it's not regering new tissue. And I think that's what a lot of patients think. They're like, oh, I'm getting new tissue. And that's where I think a lot of there's a lot of predatory, unfortunately, doctors in this field, because they're making false promises. And just to clarify, when you say fat or bone marrow, does it matter is the fat? Is this similar to a cytokine profile? If an individual has a, I hesitate to say that word, healthy fat? If someone is lean, let's say, an individual? No, for sure, there has been studies on that. So they're essentially the fat that you collect. Your isolating was called the stromal vascular fraction, SVF, and that SVF that you collect has all the cytokine profiles in there. But that's going to be very contingent on this health status of the individual. And most people have, as you know, as you're the one who coined this term, if fat is the organ of inflammation. And so if you are in this inflammatory state, as many patients are who are overweight, because overweight goes hand in hand with osteoarthritis, then is that really a thing that you want to inject into people in the first place? And I don't know if it is. I'm not, I'm not keen to inject that into people's joints. I was using fat only as a scaffold for example, if you have a large rotator cuff tear, say if it's fully torn. You can't just put stem cells in there or exosomes or PRP, whatever you use because they're not viscous enough. So they're just going to go straight through. So you need something to hold that and hold as a bridge. And that's what the fat does. What we do is as a fat, we use it as what's called micro-fragmented fat graft. And this is a procedure that I was actually invented by plastic surgeons, because they've used it for the cheeks, for the butt and, you know, for cosmetic applications. But so it's not a new procedure, but we're just using it in an orthopedic application. We're using it as scaffold and then we can see it with whatever substance that we want, whether it's PRP or stem cells. And then that can help to act as a bridge to actually regenerate the tissue. And that's kind of the holy grail of regenta medicine in the first place. It sells signals and scaffolds. So that's an easy way to remember. I love it. Cells signals and scaffolds. Yes. I'll take it. And with that would be considered, that would someone will call that a fat graft. Yes, fat graft. Thank you to thesis for sponsoring this episode of the show. thesis is the world first customized, nitropic company. Nutropics are nutrients found in nature or the human body that enhanced cognitive function. Let's face it. We all need that. We need focus. We need energy. We need, I do I dare say it. Motivation, confidence, clarity, etc. That is what thesis delivers. This is not one size fits all approach. This is a customized approach. You will go to the website, take thesis.com slash doctor lion. Take the quiz. And what will happen is because they have a huge database of information, they will pick out the formulations that will be best adapted to you and your brain function extraordinary. You'll get a starter kit with four different blend recommendations to try over the course of the month. This is what I have done and it has been a game changer for me. Go to takethesis.com slash doctor lion. Take the quiz. Use the code. You guys will absolutely love this product. I have been using them for years and I have found them to be extraordinary. Number three. So bone marrow aspirate, which is again a tollegus committed progenitor cell, but except using fat, we're using bone marrow. And what does it tollegus mean? It just means from your own body versus aluginec or aluginec, which is using adoner. And we'll talk about why aluginec is probably better because- Well really. Yeah, we'll go into it because the biggest reason aluginec is better is because you can standardize a dosing and you can control it. The cell standardization is kind of the biggest challenge in regenerative medicine because we want to make cells like drugs. We want to be able to control exactly what we're putting into your body and make sure they're releasing what we want them to release and they stay there for a definitive amount of time and they're doing what we want them to do. So if we can engineer cells and control them, that's the biggest challenge right now and we'll go into how we're doing that. But that's kind of the holy grail sort of speak of cell therapy. And so bone marrow aspirate is a committed progenitor cell because as we talked about, you're not really isolating the stem cell. You're just taking the bone marrow from the back of your hip or the front of your hip and you're just isolating that and then you may spin it and then you concentrate it and then you inject it back in. And that can help to reduce inflammation maybe for two or three years, help with tendon pain and whatnot. So and then the other, I would say common treatment that we did was something called proleterapy. So proleterapy initially started out as just dextrous and saline and that's people probably wondering why you injecting sugar water. Right, sounds weird. I know it in a death note. I also had that done. Okay, great. I had number one, two and four done. Oh wow. Okay. So you're a well-versed in this then. Unfortunately. Yeah. And so proleterapy, as you probably know then, is essentially to try to proliferate ligaments to help them stabilize and support the structures. And the reason we do that is for instability or even sometimes with patients who have a lyrs-dental syndrome or may have dislocations of joints and then we want to stabilize them and try to avoid surgery. And so proleterapy started off as sugar water, but now is really advanced to the point where personally what we're doing now is we're actually using either PRP like a lucosite rich PRP because there's lucosite rich PRP and lucosite poor PRP. Right. So what that means is is the PRP that you're using does it have white blood cells in there or does it not have white blood cells? And why is that important is because white blood cells are going to actually trigger more inflammation. So you want that if you have like for example a muscle tear or if you have ligament instability because you want to trigger that inflammatory cycle to help regenerate that tissue or strengthen it or to speak. But you don't want to put white blood cells into a joint. So because that's going to cause our osteoarthritis is an inflammatory environment. So you want to use lucosite poor or something called platelet lysate which is where you filter out the cells completely and you're just using the cytokine profile and anti inflammatory signals. So that's where those nuances become very important because if you use a wrong type of PRP for the wrong indication you're not going to get a bad result and that's why a lot of patients say PRP didn't work for me is because they're not even using the right PRP to begin with. And that's where you have to also have this kind of gram I would say framework of how to progress and understand different therapies which a lot of doctors don't unfortunately because they've either they've they just went straight to stem cells or they never got their proper training with PRP so they don't really understand the application for each one. And so they're just offering patients you know whatever they think they're two box of whatever is limited and it's not often very systematic. And so that is and then so prolotherapy what we're doing now is instead of just dextrose and saline we're often using lucosite rich PRP because I'll trigger inflammation or where even using bone marrow because bone marrow is also pro inflammatory because of the bread blood cells and everything and that can help to strengthen and tighten ligaments and I'll often now mix it with something like copper peptide because copper peptide can help to also facilitate collagen deposition which is what you want for the ligaments. Those are amazing treatments you'd mention something that I think is important to point out is typically when we have a issue. For example what are the most common complaints or issues that again your population was a bit different because I'm assuming that they were very athletic and we already know that 50% of Americans don't work out but even with that being said there are probably more significant issues. For example when we look at how many knee replacements, how many hip replacements, what are the most frequent issues that people come in for? Yeah by far it is osteoarthritis and then chronic pain yeah because chronic pain most of it is osteoarthritis but then there's also a huge subset of patients who fall into this chronic pain category and are labeled as fibromyalgia which is basically a catch all term for just saying you have chronic pain but they don't really know what it is so they just call you a fibropation and to me that's it's really a disservice because a lot physicians aren't just willing to dig deeper into what's causing the pain and so we understand now there's this really kind of link between dysfunction of the immune system and chronic pain so what's something called neurogenic inflammation which is inflammation at a cellular level around the nerves which can trigger this pain cycle and so what we try to do is we help to break that pain cycle and we're learning more and more sophisticated ways to do that by combining peptides by combining cell therapy and sometimes just looking at more intensive diagnostics even and figuring out like we've talked about before the show like it could be a chronic infection or could it be mitochondrial dysfunction or all these other things that are root drivers as to why their bodies in this dysfunctional state and there's something called is it a complex regional pain syndrome? Yes yeah I remember when I I had a patient so before I did family medicine I did psychiatry for two years and it was really interesting because I worked in a psychiatric emergency room and a patient had come in and they actually triaged her to psychiatry and she had complex regional pain syndrome and people were like oh there's no way she needs this many pain meds etc but when I'm hearing you say that was probably neurogenic inflammation yeah exactly and then the other common driver and this is also with obesity as you or probably well aware because Gabbermante's were adverse childhood events and unresolved emotional trauma that often can be a risk factor or predictor of chronic pain as well and so one of the procedures we do for that is to kind of reset the nervous system as well. Would that be a stelle gangling block or something yes exactly stelle gang down but we also inject the biggest nerve at the same time and set just using anesthetic we're using exosomes and peptides as well so it's modulating or reprogramming the nervous system is also reducing inflammation it's not just blocking it because that block only lasts usually for three months but the approach that we're taking we're seeing patients do while even a year later and the log them don't have to come back so that's that's the difference I think when you're using these regenerative substances in sort of speak because of reprogram or retraining the system to function better long term and I have a there's a really good review there's a handful of really good review papers but to clarify for the listener exosomes are members of vesicles with a 30 to 150 nanometer diameter secreted by mesenchymal stem or slash stromal cells and other cells such as immune cells and cancer cells the easier way to remember it is imagine you have chicken soup and the chicken the meat part is the stem cells and the broth is the exosomes and so the exosomes is essentially the fluid with all the cytokines and signaling molecules and what's called the secretome that we think that most of the benefits of the mesenchymal stem cells dry from anyway so and that's where there's a lot of debate do we even need to stem cells for for example for a lot of musculoskeletal conditions do you really need the stem cells because the exosomes are probably the main driver of the healing process anyway and this still isn't fully elucidated but I personally if the way I practice I'm often using exosomes for most of my musculoskeletal applications unless they have advanced osteoarthritis because then you need those stem cells to really modify that disease environment and this is a clarifying question we're talking a lot about the knee joint for osteoarthritis exosomes I want to hear more about that because that is definitely a hot topic and then the next question is where is the injection for example if someone has a muscle tear versus a a tendonopathy or a again a ligament tear how do we differentiate what we're using and what would the impact be if we were to just look at the exosomes on a high level what are they what's going on and this is where I'm acting it I don't know if it was Einstein but I remember there's this quote of somewhere I remember reading where you can't innovate unless you have a good foundation say that again you cannot innovate without a good foundation that is extremely important because you know people I'm sure they ask you how did you get to do what you are doing and the reality is it's you have spent years studying and once you spend your studying then you have a how moments but you cannot fake your way to being good at it you cannot fake your way to become a scholar to be able to innovate yeah unfortunately there's no shortcuts unless you're a super genius maybe but for us near mortals who are normal you have to really do the hard work and because I had that foundation with Dr. Gallia I understood that hey let's look at the cytokine profile of exosomes so and do exosomes exist in a body they do but exosomes are not only for therapeutic purposes now they're also being using for diagnostic purposes because exosomes are like these cargo messengers that allow for intercellular communication and what happens with disease processes for example like cancer they're the exosome the cargo messenger actually changes and you can detect that before they even manifest full-bone cancer so exosomes are an ex exploding in terms of not just therapeutic applications but diagnostic as well because there's something called micro RNAs and there's all these different molecules that the exosomes carry and there's different prognostic kind of markers that we can look at that can tell us hey your exosome cargo is changing so therefore this is the disease you're going to most likely develop and that's going to become more and more sophisticated as time goes on but for therapeutic purposes what we want to look at as we talked about earlier the foundation is cytokine profile so what's the cytokine profile of exos like of a standard exosome that we're driving for example from a mental court tissue yes where do exosomes come from so as you were saying in your long definition there masonkema stem cells and we got we've got a position cellist and we have everything in so yeah accuracy is important it is yeah no exactly so so that so as per that definition they're coming from different masonkema stem cells and we're doing masonkema stem cells come from they come from inbilical court tissue inbilical court blood or even bone marrow or fat and then you isolate those stem cells and then you culture and expand them and then when you culture expand them that the soup or the broth of the grow and sort of speak in the expansion the culture medium that's what you can isolate and that's what has the cytokines and just a grow factors and no actual stem cells and so those exosomes it turns out have 10 times more cytokine profile than PRP the exosomes have 10 times more of a beneficial cytokine profile than PRP yes will this make PRP obsolete it will eventually as a cost of exosomes comes down yes because most people are not saving their inbilical court no exactly or because in the US ironically enough you can store it but then you can't use it for unless unless you have some sort of really you know maybe you know emergency medical need or something like that but like in the air ambilical court yeah yeah it's kind of crazy but you can't just use it the way you want to use it so the exosomes the cytokine profile isn't it's a two-time stronger I always say it's an order of magnitude right so it's not order of magnitude so that's why it's hard for people to understand I've had many professional hockey players for example because I'm in in the can I drill a hockey and yeah exactly and so they had PRP done and it didn't work for them and then we did exosomes and it worked for them and they were kind of like they were asking me why and I you know this is why I had to explain to them it has to do with the cytokine profile the signal of the PRP was in strong enough to tell your body to regenerate and repair this tissue but the signal from the exosome is strong enough to regenerate and repair tissue and when it comes to soft tissue a musculoskeletal condition we're talking tendon ligaments muscles and so that's the big difference between exosomes and PRP and then mesenchymal stem cells they're they're about 20 times stronger than PRP so not 10 times stronger than exosomes but maybe two times stronger when it comes to cytokine profile so it's not that much stronger than exosomes and that's why I think we still have to figure out the dosing for a lot of these things so figure out okay what's the perfect dosing for the specific indication and there's still a lot of data that's coming out for us to kind of guide us on what the best dosing protocols are and the exosomes you said that obviously there's a number of ways in which we could retrieve them and do you spend them down? Yes okay I'll turn sensitive to you okay so you do that but it seems also that they are for sale or have been for sale I love because again when we're discussing these things is there an FDA approval for it's interesting in the US and Canada I believe that they are not FDA approved is that true and they're not health Canada approved so but in other countries they are. Yes I always bring up Japan because the Japanese do everything to very rigorous standards for people who have been there they obviously know that cleanliness the food but it also applies to their medicine and technology they have some of the best surgeons in the world when it comes to innovative techniques and no other than Professor Yamanaka who won the Nobel Prize for his discovery on how to reprogram stem cells is obviously from Japan too so they have a culture of innovation and why to always improve themselves and they've created a regulatory framework for a regenerative medicine that's 10 years old now and 10 years old and they're on for a long time and the US and Canada still don't have a regenerative medicine framework so instead of creating a framework and regulating these things they just said we're just going to ban them and to me that makes no sense and I think this is much more political than it is based in science and yes you can use the anecdotal of Japan but there's also so much clinical data out there now plus you have to look at the risk versus benefit of any intervention or what we call a medicine number needed to treat versus number needed to harm right and anti versus and NH and so exesomes are because they're a cellular so there's no cells in there they have a very high safety profile there's no chance of rejection there's no chance of having tumors form and by the way you say tumors form one of the biggest criticisms I think of this regenerative medicine space is are you giving cells that would then go and differentiate into something else and cause cancer or proliferate an existing cancer that one is unaware that they have would you say that that's accurate that was always a concern and that's why you have to be careful and that's why the word stem cell is meaningless because is it a musachimal stem cell is it a hematopoedic stem cell is it a embryonic stem cell is it induced play potent stem cell where what what are you talking about when you're talking about stem cells and so there's all these different types and they have different profiles and they have different capacity to differentiate into tissue and some of them can turn into tumors and some of them can't so you have to understand those kind of new nuance differences to really be able to counsel a patient and then make them feel rest assured that whatever we're using isn't going to make the risk of cancer worse if you do have cancer in your body or a cost cancer if someone has cancer and I usually save this for the yes or no questions so we'll do a yes or no question maybe I'll do that later which we will but if an individual has cancer would that be a contraindication to treatment for exosomes for exosomes I would say it's a gray area meaning that the studies that have been out there some of them suggest that they can actually improve the for example there's a study looking at combining exosomes or musachimal stem cells with chemotherapy and there's been better outcomes and then there's other study suggesting that they may because of the growth factor as they may cost proliferation so from all the data that I've gathered and the best available evidence it seems like it's a neutral effect and in that case I always take the most more conservative option so meaning if you have active cancer I wouldn't recommend doing a systemic treatment of exosomes or stem cells because we just because there may be a risk of it getting worse but but outside of active cancer there isn't any other really contraindications and we've and that's really just for exosomes we've covered PRP briefly we've covered the a talk yeah you're gonna that one committed progenitive cells we've also talked about bone marrow aspirates and prolotherapy exosomes and I think that you're the final piece to that is also gene therapy yeah or is there additional interventions for gender interventions that you would want to mention so the one that I'm most excited about is the IPSC's induced potent stem cells induced pluripotent stem cells and thank goodness that Dr. Khan is gonna allow us to say IPSC's exactly or if you want to just say yam and ocus stem cells that also works I don't know what's easier and that's interesting is that related to the yam and ocus factors yes exactly so the four transcription factors Osk and then CYMC so that that's kind of the short form of it but basically these four transcription factors when we use so the way it works is you can take any somatic cell in your body and somatic just means body cell yes so like muscle fat and you can reprogram it by inserting these four transcription factors usually using a viral vector and it what it does is these four transcription factors over express pluripotent genes and then that what's a pluripotent gene so pluripotency is essentially the ability to differentiate into different cell wines or different types of tissue so but this pluripotent these four are pretty incredible because they have this amazing ability to turn the somatic cell into the epitome of a pluripotent cell which is embryonic stem cells why embryonic stem cells because they can turn into actoderm, mesoderm or endoderms like so any basically anything from the embryonic origin and so by being able to do that that means that these cells have the most stemness but then the downside of it has always been because they have so much stemness they could turn into tumors or teratomas and that's why I'm waiting and just for people listening a teratoma do you want to explain that is like the ultimate in med school where it's a tumor that has could have teeth. Oh right yes yeah. A hair ball in it. Yeah it's a kind of scary it's like a kind of a scary like almost fetus like then growing into fat your body that you don't want it there trust me. By the way if you are in med school or going to med school this will be on your boards. Seriously what is that? I've never liked everyone had that on their boards. The teratoma. Yeah I always think of like a scary like a scary like fur ball or something. I wake up in the melanin I think about the teratoma. Yeah exactly yeah so so IPSC is where these is incredible discovery and this is by Yamunaqa. Yes. In Japan. Yes. In this and he will un-the Nobel Prize for this. Yes specifically. 10 years ago. He won the- he discovered this in 2006 and while the Nobel Prize in 2013 I think and so it's been around for a while but then no one can figure out how do we take these IPSCs and use them clinically because with that we don't want to cause cancer. So that didn't stop people from doing it and let me so but but to me I'm always about safety and I don't want to put something my body that I think may make things worse and I'm always you know first do no harm right and so I think there are people using IPSCs but you got to be careful because there is that probably 1% chance of having cancer development and so. Thank you to element for sponsoring this episode of the show. You guys have heard me talk all about element. This is an electrolyte powder comes in cute little packets that you can travel with. Hi Zodium, potassium, magnesium. I am a two pack a day drinker of element. I travel with it. I use it before I speak. I use it on a daily basis. It has really helped me maintain hydration. The truth is I don't drink a ton of plain water and I really feel it. Element has allowed a solution in my life and you guys I'm incredibly grateful. If you are someone who struggles with drinking water, even getting headaches or muscle cramps or fatigue, these can all be symptoms of electrolyte in efficiency or deficiency or lack of fluid. You will love element. Go to drink lmnt.com slash doctor lion. When you order you'll also get eight flavors. You'll get this cute little packet that has eight different flavors. You can try all eight. If you don't like it, it's totally risk-free. Element offers a no questions asked refund. Go to drink lmnt.com slash doctor lion. Now, IPSC, how would someone would they purchase it? Would they just broadly? The IPSC does someone purchase it? Does someone have it? Usually, we take it from a skin cell because that's the easiest way to reprogram because the skin cells are easily accessible. You just take a skin biopsy and then you use a yam and knock-up factors and then you repoke them in. You look at the colony that sort of made from that reprogramming and you validate it. It makes sure it has all the expressions that you would expect to see in IPSC. In real time, does this take weeks? Yeah. And then this happens in the background in the lab and then we can differentiate those IPSC's into different cell lines. And does it need to come from the person's body? It can be a tollogous or it can be allergeny. You're laughing. The tollogous word is just my diagnosis today. No, you got it now. So, I listen both my little kids kept me up. Yeah, no fair enough. Or you can do allergenyic, which means from a donor. And we'll talk about why I think that's better. But basically, once you reprogram them, now you have these IPSCs and the cool thing about IPSCs is unlike just MSCs, which are from imble with court tissue. What is MSC's temper? The mosaic almost themselves. Sorry, a lot of jargon. But well, that's okay. We are we're going to power through it. It's good. It's important information because it is a branch of medicine that is getting a lot more steam and has been global at this point and we are late adopters, not early adopters, not even middle of the ground adopters. And because of the unregulatory nature of this, it's given a potential therapy of very bad name. It has exactly. And that's actually why I didn't want to go into it. Because I knew about this stuff maybe 2017 or something. But I was just like, oh, this is like scammy. And I saw Mel Gibson on Joe Rogan Show and talking about his house dad when I'm like, this sounds like nonsense. Like, what is this? And then obviously I had to do a lot of research and then I got into it myself. And then when you see the results and then you dig into research a bit, then you start seeing the promise of it. But then you still see that there is a lot of bad players in this space too, who are offering it the wrong things. And so the IPSCs, though, the main difference between what they can do and what the mosaic most themselves that are from a bill called Hortissio can do is that they can actually engraft and regrow new tissue versus the first generation. Let's call that first generation stem cells versus second generation stem cells. The first generation is mainly going to be anti-inflammatory or immunomodulatory. And would that be a differentiating factor if you were to choose how are you going to treat or or the level of treatment requires? Yes. So for example, if you have something that's really degenerative in nature, like Parkinson's disease, using MSCs first generation is only going to have maybe a symptom management. And how would that work? Would that be, let's say you can do injections directly into the brain. We have a neuroinfinential read-all, just on our team, for example, who in guys a catheter up into the crotid artery and the heat can inject it or you can actually go directly into the brain and inject the stem cells that way. But the mosaic most stem cells, the first generation, they'll mainly reduce inflammation, they'll help with neuroinflammation, which we know is a driver. There's minor advantages function. It was kind of addressed like the different, let's say hallmarks that are part of the mechanistic pathways of Parkinson's disease, but it's not going to cure it or put into remission. But the second generation, what you can do with IPSCs is you can differentiate them for example into dopamine producing neurons. And then when you differentiate them, fascinating. Yeah. And for those listening, Parkinson's is really this degeneration of the substantiina grach and it leads to movement disorders. It depletes dopamine. Basically what we have, there's just a handful of drugs that we have. Old drugs, which are very, a little dope. Senniment, a very old drugs that typically people will have to continue to increase their their dose. Exactly. And which are just basically managing the symptoms. And again, there's nothing wrong with that paradigm. But there is now because we have better options. And so the kind of quintics and show example of this is blue rock therapeutics, which is this company that has these IPSCs and then they differentiate them into dopamine producing neurons. And then they transplant them via injections into the substantiina grach and then get how effective is that? And guess what? And actually replaces, not doesn't replace it actually ingrass new cells that produce dopamine. And so it actually puts patients into remission. And they did one year follow-up study and they showed these patients were still doing well. They had two dosages and the higher group dosage was doing better. How often is that being used now as a standard of care? It's not standard of care yet because a standard of care, remember, even PRP is not standard of care still. And like or even an option for people, only is still joint replacement and cortisol essentially. So I think standard of care for to get into mainstream medicine is going to take a long time. But that doesn't mean these therapies aren't efficacious and can still be offered in jurisdictions where there you have a regulatory framework to allow people to do this safely and for, you know, with the right indications. Is IPSC for the treatment of Parkinson's use in other countries more routinely? Yes, like Japan. Japan. And then so that's where I see and why Japan because they're discovers of IPSC. And this is a hundred percent if an individual is given this. This IPSC that is now differentiated into part of cells in the substantial nigra, is it a hundred percent remission for a hundred percent of the patients? Is it a 50 50 shot? No, it was essentially it was just a dose dependent response meaning the group that had the higher dose had a better response. But everyone had a response and the magnitude of that response differed. But patients were essentially in the higher dose were in into remission. Now the question is how, well, that last permanently, we don't know yet, but my guess is yes, because you're actually fixing the problem. And you're actually addressing the root cause as to why this happened in the first place. Now, I think maybe a missing component of that is to make sure that you're addressing the root causes as to why you got the Parkinson's in the first place. I think that's the missing piece with the current trials. And that's what we're going to be looking at is we're not. So the IPSC is that we have we reprogram them using similar technology, but ours have, we have a patented gene edit technology called failsafe, which basically prevents uncontrolled proliferation. Because you're saying that these, that there is some risk with the IPSC. Yes, so even though that blue rock therapeutic use of IPSCs, they're still probably the scientists I've talked to were experts in this field. They say there's probably still 1% chance that these people could get tumors. And so obviously these patients are willing to take that risk because they have Parkinson's and they're willing to take that. But for me, obviously if I'm going to provide these to my patients, I want to use a technology that has a built in safety mechanism into it. And hence why I like the technology that we have, which we've worked with the company to develop it, is essentially it has that a gene edit. So if the cells start growing uncontrollably, it has this kill switch, meaning it'll stop the cells from proliferating. And is there a certain type of tumor that is maybe proliferating? It's usually a terror told us for about a time. Then yeah, no, the terror told me. I thought never hear about that again. Very, very fascinating. How else are how else are these IPSC? So first of all, Parkinson's is not that common. And it is not, I mean, we do see it. I saw when I was doing my fellowship and it definitely was believed that in part due to a lot of exposures. A lot of veterans, I think that there's a mis-proportionate amount of veterans that have been exposed to things like Agent Orange or other things that we may or mean, we don't necessarily know about. Seem to develop these neurodegenerative. Exactly. Oh, illness. And that's where I think the missing pieces with the current trials. So the trials that we're planning to do, we want to take more of a functional medicine approach, which is not just in grafts and new cells, but also look at all the potential causes. And because there's thousands of toxins in the environment. And we even, for example, there was a study that came out last year that showed that there's certain microbes that got to spioses that are linked to Parkinson's disease as well. So there's a gut component too, which is not something you would think, but gut brain access is really being elucidated now in terms of how they communicate. How else are IPSCs for an individual who doesn't have Parkinson's are not really looking at neurodegeneration? What are some of the other benefits and is Japan the only place someone could go to get this done? No, well, we're going to be offering it in our regions where we can, like in Mexico, we're working on developing one Bahamas, we have Dubai, and then Cairo is going to be ready sometime later this year as well. And then we're also looking into Switzerland. And again, the reason for these places is because the jurisdictions are allow for these things and they're regulated. It's not like they're not regulated, they just have a framework and they allow for more innovative therapies. And so what we're going to create, we're creating right now is IPSC MSC. So IPSCs, but are differentiating to mesenchymal, strength, stem cells or stromal cells. And what you can do is you can enhance these MSCs to better target the inflamazone. So at the inflamazone for another jargon here, it's an NLRP3. We definitely look over at Matthews. He looked confused. Are you could he's like he could use? Matthews the producer. He's here, just call him out and anytime he looks confused, we know we have to talk more. Yeah, no, it's lots of jargon. But so for people to understand that inflamazone is arguably one of the most important pathways when it comes to aging because it triggers what's called nuclear factor, capa b and fkb and interlucan beta and all these prone inflammatory cytokines. But what is an inflamazone? It's a, well, the by definition, it's basically a caspays linked in English. Yeah. So essentially, it's an enzyme unit that triggers chronic inflammation. So the signaling molecule NLRP3 gets activated by certain aging being one of the drivers of it. But there's toxins, there's lots of things in our bodies that can trigger it. And obviously, like exercise can help to counteract that, right? It's probably the only thing, I mean, maybe really significant fasting. Again, I don't know. Yeah, but then fasting has so many other now. Correct. Exercise is really the only thing that I can potentially even think of. Exactly. That would make any kind of impact. And muscle, particularly because muscle also helps to upregulate to you, regularly, tori cells and has these amino. You don't say, you don't say the muscle is the working of lung health. Yeah, yeah, I don't. All these people looking for all these other options. And that's, and that's where it's coming back to what people can do. The whole point of doing these treatments that I do is so people can exercise and live a healthy lifestyle. Because if you're tired all the time, if you have chronic pain, if you have trauma, if you have all these other things in your body, good luck telling someone to go exercise three, four times a week and put on muscle. Sure. You need to address these issues first, sort them out, then they can live the healthy lifestyle. The compliance is going to be so much higher if they actually feel better and they get the benefits and that kind of feedback loop from exercise. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. When we talk about regenerative therapy, you and I are both on the same page. We want people to be as active as they can for as long as they can. And once an individual, you know, we often think about as individuals age that all of these changes are going to happen. For example, fat infiltration into tissue, sarcopenia, and a ballic resistance of skeletal muscle, but it might a conjure dysfunction, the data and the research when we see healthy, quote, sedentary individuals, and they talk about these hallmarks of aging, that's a diseased population. If we can keep people exercising and moving, then the trajectory of aging doesn't have to be the way that we experience it to be. Yeah. And what the cell and gene therapies are designed to do is to allow you to do these interventions for a longer period of time. Because as you get older, if you're for example, if you're in your 70s and 80s, you might not have the energy anymore, or you might just be in, you might just be really, you're really fighting this uphill battle. And so if we can make your body more resilient so that when you do these inputs for your body, they're just going to allow you to do more longer. And that's where the intravenous and so you're to your question, for example, someone like intravenous stem cells that can actually be used for recovery to help with HRV and to slow down the aging process is not because I care about all the mechanistic stuff that they do. Yes, great. They target all these different hallmarks and there's all these mechanistic data, but what I really care about is that it becomes exactly. And what has the best outcome? Grips strengths, which is such a silly proxy, but that's one of the things that I didn't go back and forth about Grips strengths. Yeah, but there's more tally data showing that, hey, Grips strengths, so what if like an actual squad and what about myelstate toasts into the rec famine, include, include, right? Like those are better predictions from mortality. And so if we can do these anti-aging treatments, what I mean by anti-aging is that it's just going to allow you to work out longer and do it with more compliance, hopefully. Yeah. And from just a big picture view, if you have near arthritis or osteoarthritis, it limits your mobility. You're not wanting to walk. You're not wanting to squat. You're not wanting to do these things. If you have a hamstring tear or a tendonopathy, a bicep, a tendonopathy, or a shoulder injury, then it really limits your quality of life. I mean, I can't tell you the number of patients that have had sciatica, chronic sciatica, which is a compression of the peer is a, depending a pair of hemispheres, well, compress or the sciatica, or nerve or cess, it's vital nerve. Depending, and it just debilitates people that have been athletes their whole life. And the question becomes is, how do we do early interventions to allow people to be? Are you ready? Matthew, forever strong. Love it. How do we do early interventions to begin to mitigate these these things? In terms of, and that's really the muscular skeletal tendon ligament cartilage piece. What you're talking about now is something else, which is IV, do I even say stem cell? Yeah. Okay, I can say IV stem cell. And that would be different. That would be a full body regeneration, but I do want you to clarify. Would that get to something like a shoulder injury or is it you go under general anesthesia? You address the shoulder with whether it's PRP or exesomes, etc. And you do IV stem cells. Where is the line? And are they two separate things? Do they both need to be done? How can we think about that? It's so the approach that we take and to your point is basically there is something called chemocytes that are released by tissue inflammation. Chemocytes are signals that tell your body, hey, come here and repair. So they tell macrophages, they tell other kind of repair molecules to come. And so when you do intravenous stem cells, there is a homimekinism. And that homimekinism is mediated by these chemocytes. And then that goes into the endothelial cells. And that's what allows them to transport and go into the site of injuries. So yes, the intravenous stem cells or an intravenous exesomes that we do can help with nagging injuries, but usually if they're milder, anything that has actual real structural damage and has more moderate pain, then you actually need to go in there directly. And let's endothel pause because when you say structural changes, how are we identifying this? Are we identifying this on ultrasound MRI? How are we identifying this? It's both, but the missing piece is clinical assessment because in America, especially you guys love MRIs. And like in Canada. Especially Matthew. But in Canada, it's a finite resource. Meaning is you're lucky if you can in Canada there's a sick mudway. Yeah, you're lucky. There's a sick mudway for an MRI. You ain't getting an MRI tomorrow. And so if you're in the next six years, exactly. So. Thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. I believe that blood work and biomarkers are critical to your success and living a muscle centric life and being able to look at data points for longevity. Inside tracker makes it so easy. Head over to inside tracker.com slash doctor lion. You'll get 20% off the entire inside tracker store. This is a great tool. Not only is this a great tool for you, the consumer, but if you are a health coach, if you are a health professional, inside tracker is also for you. They offer inside tracker pro, which enables coaches and health professionals to provide premium and personalized services by leveraging inside trackers analysis and recommendation when they're clients. And that you guys is extraordinary. So thank you inside tracker. You guys are doing a wonderful job. And if you have not gotten your blood work done, people, it's time to rock and roll. Go to inside tracker dot com slash doctor lion for 20% off the entire inside tracker store. So how do we as Canadian physicians figure out how do we treat our patient if we don't have an MRI? We have to do dynamic ultrasound assessments. So we're really good at that. What's that? That's doing different maneuvers to try to aggravate the symptom so we can actually find small tears. I always like to use an example of Muhammad al-Bahar because he's this famous man in Dubai and he owns a birth clef on six tallest buildings in the world. And the reason I like to use him is because... Ah, but I mean, I know what a life, right? Yeah, but he should really try to do something with his life. Yeah, seriously. He just buys hotels on weekends. That's why he does her fun. But like I- And he babysit. Yeah. But basically he could access any doctor in the world. And so, but despite that, he had this nagging shoulder issue for 20 years. And he did cortisol and then they just told him MRI was normal. So he just had physio, physio, physio, and just had physio every week, basically a massage every week for 20 years. Yeah. And so that's literally what he did. And so when I came to see him, we did a dynamic ultrasound assessment. And guess what? We found two small tears that were missed on MRI. But interesting, the size of the tear doesn't necessarily look quite to be seen. And that is important because a lot of people, for example, if I order an MRI, an individual will act, you know, you'll do, you'll go through the full gamut of tests. And they do have tears. And it actually is causing a significant amount of pain. And you might not even see it. Exactly. And it depends on like if you have facial tears, for example, facial tears are notoriously painful. And you can have a couple of millimeter tear in the fascia and they can cost so much pain. And you can see that on ultrasound. Yes. And only on ultrasound, not an MRI. Wow. And so that's why a dynamic ultrasound assessment is the gold standard when it comes to soft tissue injuries. Does someone need to be all user dependent? And very important point. And it's someone under general anesthesia when they're doing this or not. No, it's all a way because we need to ask them. This is replicate your pain. Is this, you know, it's a very dynamic assessment. And that's a biggest difference between ultrasound and MRI. Because MRI is just static images. And depending on those static images, for example, even with your spine, if you're not standing up, and you might not find certain things. So because MRIs are obviously done when you're laying down. And so there's definitely a lot of gaps when it comes to musculoskeletal care. And that we're trying to fill those gaps with kind of diagnostic maneuvers we have and then obviously the interventional stuff. So. So. So when you see the tear, do you treat immediately, do you treat directly into the injury? Yes. The precision is by far the most important predictor of success. So I've seen people. Yeah, I've seen people go to so many clinics in other places, you know, in South America, let's just say. And they've had bad results because they're just doing IV and then they're just injecting them like either blindly or they just don't know how to inject. They don't have a skill set. Those doctors are unfortunately just not trained in this stuff. And so they don't put in the right spot. And then obviously it's not going to work. So that precision of getting it into the right spot really makes a big difference. That is fascinating. What happened? Did he get better? Yeah, he's great. I fixed his wife as well. His wife had a knee issue. His wife story was even worse. I mean, her pain wasn't as long as it was like six months, but they basically told her she needed a knee replacement. And she had like mild osteoarthritis. And we found we didn't ultrasound. And she had a tear in her meniscus and paesensoring that was missed. And so we just fixed it with PRP. And then she's now she's, you know, she's just being so happy. He was happy that I fixed his wife and him because he's, you know, about you. He was very generous with his gifts. Let's just say that. That. So there is a stratification of when someone would use PRP for versus the exesomes or the other IPSC. I mean, IPSC from what I'm hearing you say is more for attacking what we would consider the hallmarks of aging. Yeah. Exactly. Correct. Well, IPSC is you can engineer these are engineered cells. So you can engineer them to target different conditions. So for example, not necessarily an IPSC would not be your first choice for a shoulder injury. No, no. That would be way too expensive and unnecessarily, you know, just just going to like the Lamborghini, all of that in for, you know, there's a stepwise approach you can take. And there are less costly solutions that can be just as effective. And so I always like to take that, and that's one of the things I consider too, which a lot of unfortunately other clinics don't, is that they just want to give patient what costs the most and because that's going to make them the most money. And again, being a Canadian doctor where we aren't, we're not really taught about that stuff so much and that's never been my focus. My focus is always on how do I get this patient better. And now that I'm more in the private industry, I always think, okay, how do I get this patient better with the least cost? And that's, so that's kind of the mindset I try to take when I'm trying to treat these patients. And so IPSC's, you can differentiate them into dopamine producing neurons, for example, for Parkinson's, you can differentiate them into enhanced MSEs to target aging. We're, we're even going to be doing IPSC-derived beta-ilet cells and we're going to be... You're the pancreas. Yes, we're going to do a, we're going to do a clinical trial. Hopefully you'll start a Q4 of this year or early next year and we're going to differentiate them into beta-ilet cells and then we're going to do a trial for type 1 diabetes. And that's already been done by company called Vertex, but again, the IPSCs they use didn't have that gene at it. So there's no kill switch. No, exactly. So there's always a risk of tumor. So we have that, plus Vertex is, you know, they got bought out by bear, I believe. So they're obviously under that big pharma conglomerate now, but but they again, they don't understand the functional medicine stuff. So they're not doing anything to prevent the autoimmunity from developing again, and they're not looking at the kind of the whole picture. And so when we do our clinical trial, not only are we going to transplant new beta-ilet cells, we're going to re-organize... In-genital... In-genital... Do you have to go into the pancreas? Yes, so we do it via infusion of intra-terriol-ly under fluoroscopy, basically. Okay, into the pancreas. Wow. So you know, it's not going to the kneecap. No, it's going into the pancreas. And is there any risk of rejection? Not with these ones, specifically, because our IPSCs are also gene-edited to be hypomanemune. But in general, IPSCs and MSCs have low HLA expression. So so LAS, the antigen that can trigger graft versus host disease. And that is, for example, if someone were to get a kidney transplant, you would transplant somebody, you try to get a match, you transplant that into somebody else's body. And there is a risk of the body rejecting that. And that's... And that's because of HLA mismatch. And HLA expression in the cells that we're using are very lowly expressed. So there's zero chance of graft versus host. But because MSCs still have a low level expression of HLA, they are still somewhat, immunogenic, which is why the first generation MSCs don't stick around very long. They get cleared up by your immune system. So the kind of underlying principle of what we're trying to do is we're trying to engineer cells that stick around longer. And so are cleared up by the immune system as quickly. And then that we actually have some sort of scaffolding effect because that also creates a protective barrier and the last for more in graft men. So it comes back to that whole paradigm of regenerative medicine, which is cells, signals, and scaffolds. So once we can actually do that, that's a holy grail. And scaffold. Yeah. I am going to ask a question that I'm sure many physicians are going to be thinking right now. And I'd love your perspective. This idea of the Yamunaka factors and the IPSC, it almost sounds too good to be true. In the way that we could potentially reverse put in remission debilitating deadly diseases like Parkinson's, like type one, diabetes. And I'm sure that that is just the type of the iceberg. It is now from a medical perspective, the physicians listening are going, well, if it sounds too good to be true, it must be too good to be true. And where do you think there is a cap? Where do you think there are potentially holes in this treatment or where is how can we balance it with this extraordinary possibility? What do you think? Yeah. I think the biggest hurdle is getting these cells to actually survive, meaning that these cells, there's always a chance they don't survive, and then they don't engraved, and then it's not successful. But we're getting closer and closer to increasing that cell viability and survivability. And it's not like just me saying it, like I said, there's actual trials that have already been done and shown that this is possible. So we're just taking it to the next step by engineering cells and kind of taking into account the whole body. So we can create an environment that allows the cells to survive. And that's always been my, I guess, beef with the traditional stem cell clinical trials that have been done. There's no like consideration of the environment that you're putting the cells into. There's no consideration for the environment that you're putting the cells into. That's absolutely correct and likely one of the reasons why certain things aside from all the other things that you spoke about that peer P might not work. Exactly. Or these bone or fat grafts might not work because the environment that in which they are coming from, I eat the individual may struggle with obesity, maybe chronically inflamed, may have Lyme disease or another type of pathogen that exists within these cells. Exactly. And that stuff is still so overlooked by the medicine medical, allopathic industry for there's I think it's just lack of education and you don't know what you don't know. And so a lot of them just when they when you have these specialists who are considered the top in their field from different institutions, they just not taught about this other stuff. And so there may be amazing stem cell biologists and amazing doctors when it comes to neurosurgery or whatever it be, but they don't understand this other aspect. And so I think the unique advantage of what I'm doing a little bit is that I get to look at everything from a, you know, from a bird's eye view and then I can take this different approaches and combine them. And that's the fun part about doing what I do. It's pretty, it's very exciting. The other very exciting part is that you'll be able to innovate. You're in a position to innovate some of these treatments you guys are going to be running some of these trials. And that makes the primary application, once we have real life as and you already have, there's already data out there for real life advantage can be extraordinarily impactful. It can be extraordinarily impactful. You also are excited about certain other things like gene therapy, specifically full of statin therapy. I would love for you to talk about that as well. In Lester's anything else that you want to mention about IPSE. No, I'm just, I think I've shared my excitement enough and we're going to, I think people will see a lot of IPSE trials coming out over the next decade, really. There's over 40 companies, I believe, about tech companies that are using IPSEs now. So it's exploding. And I think the, you know, I think what, the approach we're taking is one of many. So we'll see who's the most successful. But I think it's going to be one of those things where similar to Tesla. I think it's going to be a winner takes all, where it's going to be a company that has the best approach. And then that's going to be used as a platform to develop all these different engineer cells to treat all these chronic diseases. And people have to recognize what he's also saying is that these are biotech companies, which mean they will fund research and people will say, oh, well, this research was funded by X, Y and Z. That is a wrong way of thinking about it. We need companies that have money to fund research and as long as they go to reputable institutions, these, this data should be able to be replicated and exact. Again, you can't throw the baby out of that water. What's a reputable institution anymore? I don't know if you saw this, that's about Harvard and fake results. And that's fair. So I'll say something else. Then you must go to trusted scientists that are very well respected by their peers. You make a really good point. There are a lot of issues with the Ivy League institutions and policy and agenda and paid, I'll just leave it at that. Yeah, exactly. So fair. So go to very well-known, like, Yamanaka's not going to win the Nobel Prize because I mean, listen, I was reading a Candace Perth byography. So who knows? Yeah. But at some point, science will be replicated. Science requires dollars and we shouldn't turn our nose up if a biotech company is going to help fund research because we need it. Yeah. And that's always been my approach is that you have to become an institution yourself to make change. And so that's why we're taking this kind of approach from a business perspective and then be able to hopefully get more reproducibility and replicability of results as time goes on. And so speaking of which the fall of statin, we, what is fall of statin? So it's a naturally occurring peptide in your body, a peptide as most people probably know is just a signal for a specific task. It's kind of like, you know, ringing a doorbell in your house and telling opening a certain door. Has a bunch of amino acids, peptides a bunch of amino acids all strong together or different. Yeah, exactly. So insulin was one of the first peptide hormones that was synthesized over 100 years ago, but now of course, people know is epic, which you know is a very famous peptide probably not for all the right reasons, but people know in and cloacally now, I think what a peptide is. So but peptides as as you age, many of them do decrease. So fall of statin being one of them copper peptide being another one that's important for skin youthfulness. And so what is the main purpose of fall of statin? The main purpose, yeah, the main purpose is to well, the main purpose of fall of statin is to inhibit myostatin. So it has what's called an antagonistic relationship. And what is myostatin? So myostatin is an enzyme that sets a limit on how much muscle you can put on. And have you ever seen the certified, have you ever seen a well, it's actually a peat monti's cow. Have you seen a peat monti's cow? Yeah, and they have a defect in, I think that they don't have the myostatin gene. That's right, it's a knockout basically. And these are the, in by the way, shout out to certified peat monti's. This is where you get those cows. These are the buffist cows. Yeah, they are, they are, yeah, you have never seen these cows right, Matthew, do you want a certified peat monti's cow? A peat monti's cow? And so basically the idea is that and this is nearly everything in the body has some kind of regulation. If you don't, this is a one way in which cancer develops this, the regulation of muscle mass, which is interesting in part is by myostatin, which would inhibit someone's ability to put on muscle. Yeah, exactly. And so it's not like we're knocking it out because that could, like you said, maybe increase the risk of cancer. All we're doing is allowing your body to have a better response to the inputs that are from exercise because that cap sort of speak is being slightly taken off and allowing more room for your muscles to grow. And the other thing that follows that and does is activate something called Foxo 3 pathway. And Foxo 3 is a pathway that is reducing inflammation, helping with a regulation of T-rex cells. And so it's basically helping with your immune system and immune dysregulation as we know is one of the biggest hallmarks or chronic inflammation is one of the biggest hallmarks of aging as well. And is it safe to say that the upregulation of Foxo is beneficial? Yes, yeah. And the, I think the thing people get concerned about, like you said, is that how do you know you're not causing cancer or anything like that? You know, in the clinical trial that we did, we obviously measured IGF1, made sure that didn't go up. And then you also have to look at what I call, and I think you would agree is what's the underlying principle of how this is working. So what's going to be more important? A mechanistic marker that maybe let's just say theoretically fallstab and did increase IGF1. Let's, what's going to be more important? That's light increase or you putting on two pounds of muscle and decreasing systemic inflammation. Like you know my thoughts. This is not even not. So IGF1 is not necessarily taught. It's not that you have an increase in IGF1 and then all of the so many people in the longevity community who are talking about fasting and calorie restriction. I can't with them. I can't either. It's like, what do you even, they don't understand the clinical data and hard outcomes versus mechanistic data in animals. And this is the biggest problem with scientists in general. Scientists are little silos of information. They're not clinicians. They're not clinicians. And that is also the biggest problem that I have. And again, we work with some of the best PhDs whom I love and they do interface with clients. But the majority of scientists doing these things like talking about longevity. They're not training patients. And they're also not using human models. No. And most of them are saying erroneous things. Correct. And misguiding people on what's imported. You got to look at the pyramid. What's the foundation of longevity? It is muscle. You hear this guy? You hear this guy Matthew? Yes, it is. And we are going to move in that direction. And it's people are always looking, yeah, this idea of fasting more and we're searching your protein. You know on your IGF1 to be high, you guys, they are totally missing the mark. And what's going to happen is we are going to have a weaker society with more more hip replacements, more osteoporosis, more diseases that could have been prevented. Yeah. Because of the information. They are confusing people on the order of importance. And that is well, that's my friend frustrating. How do you really feel about that? Yeah, no. And you know, there's and some, and we're talking about like the biggest, some of the biggest podcast in the world who have huge platforms under sending misinformation. And it's really, it's really just hardening to see because people are trying to educate themselves on health. And then they end up actually getting the wrong information. Correct. And so it's on the onus of the person who has this huge platform to make sure they're doing the right research and bringing on the right gas and and clinicians are a big part of that. And obviously huge part of that. That's why follow statin. If for me, more than anything, it's just a tool to you to put out more muscle and lose less muscle as you age. It's very anti-catholic. So that catabolism increases as you age. And we know one of the biggest drivers of sarcopenia is oxidative stress and chronic inflammation as well. And that mitochondrial dysfunction is what also leads to increase of muscle loss. Like we see that FSHD like musco-distrophies. And we know with sarcopenia as well. That's part of the underlying mechinistic pathways. So if we can improve the mitochondrial health and that inflammatory cascade via phyllo statin and and so that's a mechinistic stuff. And then clinically, we also see people getting stronger and we detect the scans and you see people putting on muscle. Then how like to me, that stuff is going to be so much, it's going to trump everything else. We got to add D3 creatin to that. I'll talk to you about that later. It's in a way to directly measure skeletal muscle mass. Have any thoughts about or have there been any studies on caceccia? And full of satin therapy. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. As you know, first form makes a ton of amazing products. I want to highlight their energy drinks. First form energy is phenomenal. They have all different types of flavors that you can't even believe how good they are. And I will tell you one of my favorites is tropic lightning. I am a coffee person and I am a coffee person in the morning, but I tend not to do a second cup in the afternoon. I have been using first form energy and I'm going to tell you why. It has the six B12, co-lean, things for my brain. Again, this is all about brain function for me and energy. Not only that, it has a hundred milligrams of whole coffee fruit extract. It's called neurofactor, sign me up. You guys are absolutely going to love this product. It is one of my favorite energy drinks. And yes, I love a good energy drink. Go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. I would suggest that you start with their variety six pack. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. We are going to be do sort of phase two trial. That would be fascinating. So our phase two trials are going to be for sarcopina. That's starting in the spring. And that's going to be a super health candidate. So hopefully that will be starting in May or so. But before you do that, we really have to get something called a D3 creatine. Dylution method on there because dex the changes in the sarcopina individual can be so slight because that just again older. And this way, if we do a D3 creatine, I have a hard insert in myself into the study, you'll be able to directly measure skeletal muscle mass because of that. So we'll talk about that. It would be weird. Well, not taking any of you work. I will definitely continue to be good. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Actually, that's now. Well, we were thinking about what I was this was my and my proposal was to actually do a full body MRI using springbox. I don't know if you're here with that company. They look at muscle kind of mass throughout the body and they look at myocytosis. And so then you can see. Which is bad infiltration. Yes. And so you're marble steak. Yeah. Exactly. So that's what we were going to do. But that's obviously costly and pretty. That's why D3 creatine is. Yeah. That's the way the future. So full satin gene therapy talked to me about how it is used. First of all, this has been around for how long. So fall a statin because body builders, you know how body builders are. The electric experiment of the last time. Early doctors have everything. They are. And that's the fit. I made a post about this one time. That's a bodybuilder. Yeah. And that's because, you know, because I've been into the bodybuilding scene since I was 18. And I just love that world. And so I see there are always 10 years ahead of the medical world. It's kind of funny. When it comes to advice, literally, to lifestyle medicine. Correct. And so they understand because they've done so much self-experimenting, they've always figured out the patterns of what works and what doesn't work and make really actually reasonable recommendations for lifestyle interventions. And so fall a statin being self-experimenters as bi-builders are. They've been playing around that for over 20 years. Injectable. Exactly. Because I think there is also an oral, an oral dose of full of statin. Right. And they're probably is, but the bi-availability of all. Yeah, exactly. Most of them doesn't work very well. And so the problem, though, is that people didn't really see great results because the fall statin has a 90-minute half-life. So basically, you'd have to inject yourself every 90 minutes every day for months or two years to have the same effect as our gene therapy does. Which why is it because so you wouldn't inject full of statin or take full statin and then die has now inhibited my or statin so it's not. Because it gets cleared up by end-res enzymes that break it down. And so the expression of that last only is so transient. So what I'm here you say is that the full statin gene therapy in order for it to be effective, it has to be long lasting. Exactly. And so that's what our delivery mechanism does, it essentially gets yourself to produce a fall statin and increase a circulatory levels for 18 to 24 months with one injection either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. And that's one more effective than the other. We are seeing anecdotally that intramuscular seems to be more effective. Does it matter where you put it? No. And so what we're going to do for a phase two trial is we're going to compare subcutaneous two intramuscular and then we're going to see if one does do better than the other. Do you feel that one does better than the other that you have seen? Yes, intramuscular does seem to work better. And what does when you say seem to work better, what do the outcomes do? People tend to put on more muscle and have more strength gain. So let's say generally speaking, people will get like 10 to 15 percent with subcutaneous and the intramuscular maybe like 20 to 25 percent strength gains. And that's a lot. Our intramuscular did it in her muscular. Yeah, he did. Oh my gosh, okay. Yeah. And you know for someone who's been lifting for lifetime, that's a lot of strength gain. And especially if you're natural, like that is not easy to come by. And that can translate into more volume and back in translated into more hypertrophy. And then not only that, the recovery because of the less inflammation tends to be better too. And then if you can recover better, then obviously you can do that progressive overload better too. And does a full of statin only target myestone? It's highly tissue specific. So only targets skeletal muscle. So it's not going to affect like cardiac muscle or anything like that. And that's why the specific one we use is follow statin 344, which cleafs to 314 into the cell. And that specific fall statin is one that only acts on skeletal muscle. And so that's one of things people often get worried about is like, how do you know some affect together things? This is because it's obviously it's been studied and we know how it works mechanistically. Who would and how would something like that be available? So the bodybuilding community has been using it for a long. This is interesting. They've been using it for a long time. Yeah, because people are like, okay, they just get an awful website. And it's a you can. Yeah, but I don't know. I don't know. Matt was trying to get off Amazon. I'm in the back over there. So it is available. It is one of those things that people could get. You wouldn't ever want to do that. Right. The problem is, yeah, you don't know the quality control and all that stuff. And so obviously where we have our gene therapy vector, which is available in approved jurisdictions like Mexico. We have our headquarters as an Rua Town, funny enough in Honduras. And then we also are doing it in Dubai and then in Japan as well on Tokyo. And so we have areas where we have approvals and where it's regulated, but it is not FDA approved as of yet. That will probably take maybe five years at least I would think. You know, they are becoming more, I'd say it's weird. FDA says they want to do selling gene therapy and they have this whole framework now where they're saying we really want to push these things forward. But then that thing's really been done. So I think there is obviously lobbyists and people who don't want to see that stuff go through because it does disrupt the traditional model of, you know, big pharma and surgery and all that stuff that infrastructure that they built in because saline gene therapies are decentralized and care and can help prevent and avoid surgery is obviously. Yeah, you know, I'm just looking at this paper. Maybe I'll include it, but it is full of statin gene therapy improves six minute walk distance and sporadic inclusion body myocitis. Do you remember that from med school? Yeah. Body by side. And these are just these inclusion bodies that can cause muscle and body inflammation. But this is done in humans and a six minute walk distance is what we use in geriatrics and what individuals will use as a marker of as a physical marker for I don't know the better word to say robustness, but there's a handful of tests that are validated in terms of improvements in life and longevity and six minute walk test is one of those. Exactly. And that's and that's the other thing. So what we're going to measure in our phase two and I'd be curious to hear your thoughts if you have any other I wanted to measure grip strength because it's so easy. So if this is so easy. Okay, we don't have this grip strength. Every way talks about this is it's the thing. But I think that you're born with a certain kind of grip strength. I don't will have to go back. I had been talking to Samuel Buckner maybe a year ago about it and you not going to have to do some. Yes, because I think again when we accept things over and over again as the standard just like we've accepted Dexa as the gold standard. And then we go back and we question it well is it really the gold standard? No Dexa is extrapolation. It looks at body fat. It looks at bone. Everything else is lean body mass. That's not measuring skeletal muscle mass directly. It makes me think that some of these metrics that we are potentially using could be off. So we're going to have to we'll see. Trust me, I'd rather wait rather measure like one rep squat but that's not practical necessarily but fair. Fair. So this full of sand gene therapy. Who is it for? I'm sure you're going to say for everybody. Are there any contraindications? How would one go about it? The only contraindication is pregnancy and funny enough when you're pregnant, your fall sand levels are the highest. Really? Yeah and so we believe that is because of fall sand acts as a protective mechanism for the body when you're you know some obviously just variable removal. Every pregnant woman would definitely disagree. Yeah exactly. Post baby. What has happened? No post baby but during pregnancy your fall sand levels actually peak and I think that's obviously just because as a protective mechanism to try to get your body to be as strong and resilient as possible during that phase. And so that's the only contraindication but to your point any adult who wants to slow down the aging process wants to have more vitality energy strength. It can pay you pay me much be applicable to everyone. And again this isn't just me saying it. There's George Church who's arguably the best or one of the best geneticists on the planet. He said himself that he would like to see this in every like Walmart one day like anything accessible to everyone because it's such an inert vector that doesn't have any side effects and has a potential to really help so many people to put on it's the closest thing we have to exercise in a pill. Like obviously we're never going to exercise in a syringe. Right and so the reality is to a lot of people have a hard time sticking to exercise because they may not get to see the benefits and if you see more benefits I think it's going to help with that positive feedback loop as well. If you see more muscle gain if you see more strength gain because some people do have bad genetics and it's hard for them to get that and so I've had patients who wanted to do it just for that reason. They're like always had a hard time putting on muscle. Because I was going to ask you the just from the physician stud what are the you'd mention more vitality, more energy, my question would be what are the objective measures that we would be able to measure with full statin gene therapy? Yeah so you could actually I mean aside from like the you can look at like for example epigenetic clocks and so there's biological aging testing that you can do there's these are with these be teelamirs is this one. They look at a whole so all the different hallmarks so tell me here's a part of it but then they're also look at like inflammation mitochondria immune dysfunction and different kind of the hallmarks of aging and so true age diagnostic was the one we used for a phase one trial but for phase two we might use a company called generation lab because they're using something called biological noise which is a different type of measure of looking at how essentially entropy or how your body is epigenetically and looking at methylation from that perspective. But the point is these can give you objective measures to see how much we can deage your body before and after the fall of statin and we see quite significant reductions in epigenetic age when you do these interventions. If you're over 60 for example the average age reduction was about 11 years with one intervention and funny enough x prize which is this prize given by it's my Peter Demandus and Chip Wilson who has muscle just for you they're giving away a hundred million dollars to anyone who can reduce biological age by 10 years in three or more organ systems and so we're gonna be applying for that and so that's we've got one organ system. Yeah yeah muscle but we we're gonna measure multiple or we believe we can do it in multiple organ systems but obviously muscle I think translates when you can do it in muscle it translates into it because all intertwined and I think muscles of foundation. Yes sir I agree with you now we're gonna do a my favorite part of the episode we're gonna do yes or no so basically think about this as with in clinical practice it is going to be yes or no you can't you don't get to say anything else the use of collagen orally yes okay the use of PRP in a pregnant woman no the we'll say this um what's the other one sleep less than five hours no unless you're a super sleeper unless that you are a super sleeper knee replacement you don't get to answer anymore in that no hip replacement yes fair okay we're gonna stop there I love that answer and I am gonna guess why you said that you are going to say that knee replacement is a no because out of all of the joints knees seem to respond really well is that true you mean to stem cells to am I allowed to say stem cells yeah yeah to treatment yes that that that is one it seems as if even in the traditional literature that you if you have near arthritis or some kind of knee injury that there is tremendous benefit yeah to doing regenerative care there is but hips seem to be a little bit more hit or mess yeah and that probably could be because there's more mechanical component to it and that mechanical component needs mechanical fix and hence why you need some sort of structural uh replacement but having said that we're very close to having that mechanical fix because we are getting something called hydrogel scaffold now we just got we just we just started our investigation with that now so these are polymers which are hydronic acid base but they really crossling so it essentially forms like a little gel like scaffold around the stem cells and then it can actually regrow new cartilage and so that cartilage engineering approach is which I think you need for something like hips as opposed to knees which tend to do well which is that kind of inflammatory reduction that's really I think very helpful to bring this back we've been talking about a lot of different things and to bring this back to a practical application as we're both clinicians is this idea of the umbrella of regenerative medicine and regenerative medicine is really about no shock regeneration regeneration of cartilage would you say that that is something that can happen we're really close to it and it's already happening in clinical trials and now we're with the hydrogels and then with 3D bio printing it's gonna be there in the next few years what about muscle tears yes that's a lot like we can do right and it's like easy muscle tears what about tendon injury yeah like pretty much like 100% success rate with the right treatments yeah without surgery yeah what else am I missing so if it's a tendon rupture that then you need surgery yes but then we're talking most patients aren't ruptures right most are chronic degenerative tearing and those are not actually great outcomes with surgery they're they're very poor outcomes with surgery so we need better alternatives so why not explore this stuff anyway for the mainstream doctor to look at too and I think that's where there's a lot of I think it's just I think it's just territorial like orthopedic surgeons don't want to give up their because this is a bread and butter right surgery and also it's what they know they are trained surgeon and if you are it's like if you are trained to cut then you cut yeah yes exactly what about shoulders so yeah no shoulders do very well with even osteoarthritis and with rotiocraft tears which is the most common thing we see by far but often they need that scaffolding because a lot of them have focal full thickness tears or they have high gray tears and so that's where you have to use a scaffold and that's and then the cells and the signals to kind of regenerate the tissue well I have to say um Dr. Conne we could go on and on to discuss this really it's so informative it's so informative and really what you're talking about is an ultimate root cause approach to being able to maintain a quality of life that is where it should be yeah we're gonna make your body forever strong with saline gene therapy I'm gonna steal that line we're gonna link wherever we can find you you know we didn't really touch on nutrition I'm guessing you and I have very similar nutritional views my big thing and I'll just notice in there is making this light like you know I think Peter was the one who came at medicine 3.0 and so there's this concept right of medicine 1.0 2.0 medicine 1.0 is obviously like the stone ages and then medicine 2.0 was kind of just surgery and drugs for everything 3.0 was to try to prevent issues right using lifestyle and then to me medicine 4.0 is using saline gene therapies to allow people to maintain lifestyle longer but medicine 3.0 we have to make more accessible like most people know that they need to exercise and eat well and the mechanics of that is really starting for a lot of people to understand it but they don't know how to actually maintain it and so I think the biggest problem is how do we actually create sustained behavior change and make it more accessible to the average person? Yeah it's a that is a very large task that is a very large task but we if we put the pieces in place from the physical aspect and you put the pieces in place from a mental aspect I am a strong believer that a strong body cannot exist with a weak mind yes a strong body cannot exist with a weak mind and wherever you are starting on your journey there is a certain amount of mental strength that will be required of you to push through some of these things and I just have to say that at the end of the day when I was kind of talking to Matthew before we started that you have to do the practical things or the practical things become impossible right you must do the practical things like train like eat right like whatever it is that you want to do in order to be able to do the practical things later on yeah and the whole idea of the selling gene therapy interventions is to build the resiliency so you can do those practical things. I love it well Dr. Khan thank you so much for coming on the show is really fun where and what do you up to next I'm going to link everything that people can find you. Yeah my Instagram is at dr.acon but I'm going to be most likely in Dubai in the fall I'm still here on the side of the road and we're going to have other physicians that we're training and we're going to have hopefully create more access to these therapies for people who are suffering with a lot of chronic illnesses that fall through the gaps and so you can either find me in Kabul or in Dubai. On a beach. Yeah exactly. Thanks so much. Yeah thanks for having me.