Welcome to the Dr. Gabriel Langeau. In this episode, I sit down with my very dear friend, Dr. Andy Gulpend. He's a full professor at California State University, Fullerton. He is an expert and a game changer in muscle physiology. Health and wellness. He works with a ton of professional fighters and athletes. In this episode, we cover a number of things. We talk about skeletal muscle biomarkers, health and wellness biomarkers, essentially blood biomarkers, sleep and how you can think for yourself when it comes to scientific information. We talk about this and a whole much more. And by the way, I show you and bring you a different side to Andy that I don't think you've seen before. He's truly extraordinary. Not to mention before we get into the episode, if you are not on our newsletter, please go to Dr. Gabriel Langeau.com and sign up for our free newsletter. We give a ton of evidence-based information and things that are happening and most importantly, things that are free and valuable to you. Let's jump into this episode. What's up, friends? Did you hear the news? Yep. That's right. I'm hosting my first ever forever strong six week boot camp. What's a boot camp you're thinking? Well, this is going to get you leaner. Improve your metabolism. Help you move forward in your health and wellness goals. And you are going to do it with me and my team alongside real people for real results. What are you going to get? You're going to get workouts, meal planning. You're going to get my forever strong muscle centric training course. So much more. Most important, you're going to get support. It's never too late to start and the time to start is now. Head on over to my Instagram and DM me boot camp. I'm going to send you all the information. That's right. Head on over to my Instagram, DM me boot camp. And I'm there to support you along with my team. It's a rock and roll, friends. Dr. Andy Gulp and welcome to the show. Thank you so much for being in studio and Houston. I know it's hot. Yep. And I fed you well. You did. We're going to be ready to get out for it. Yeah. And there's just no chance I was going to do this on Zoom. No. Not with you. Of all people. Not with you. I mean, how long have we been friends? I don't know. A long time. We both have great hair now. Yeah, for sure. I have a lot less hair total. Priority. We had no children at that point. Potentially no marriage is at that point. So different worlds, different universe. It's been a long time. But what I think is so cool is that we've been on parallel paths. Yeah. And I asked you while the cameras were off if you ever thought you would be in the position that you are in now. I mean, I always dreamed of it, right? Like that's that's what you're at. I'm also very aware of wiring him out. And I say that and say like everyone gets their their 15, right? And I'm very aware that this is mine, which is great. I also very aware that that 15 ends. So I'm having a blast right now. I do feel like I told you're like, I do feel that I somewhat deserve it, but I also feel incredibly lucky. There are many, many people who could be in my position probably deserve more. Have done better things, more important things are more eloquent, more effective. So there's just not a really a day. And I'm not really being cliche there. My wife and I like actually have a little bit of a practice. I love that. And it's like man. This could end any day. And also could have anybody. Like you have to have talent. You have to do the hard work thing. But you also have to have that third and fifth amount, which is you call it luck. Call it a break. Call it the fortune. Like whatever you want. And to me, that's a big part of how I approach the entire world. It's just like, hey, represent some people don't get that shot. And some people don't get that luck. Well, for any number of reasons, right? Could be a thousand things deserving or undeserving. And so I'm just always very, very appreciative that for whatever reason inland it on me, at least right now. So yeah, very, very appreciative of our map. Well, I think there's a few things that really separate you. And I probably haven't told you that. I think that you have a lot of integrity. I think you're a really good human. And one of the things I respect most about you is you very much care about making the world better, making it different than it was and is. And I would love to know what is that you hope to accomplish. Yeah, I was actually, a couple of weeks ago I was with a good friend of mine Jeff Bires. I was telling you about he's the CEO of Momentus Supplements. He's just a friend. We were doing stuff and he kind of asked us in my question and I stumbled around for like 15 minutes. It's doesn't really know. I'm being totally honest. I don't have like a, I want to rid the world of obesity. I like I don't have anything like that. I'm not going to make a difference on the world. I think what I really boil down to the end and me figuring out is like all I really care about is I feel like because what I said a second ago. I don't feel I have a burden, but I almost feel like I owe everyone else who didn't get that lucky break. It's like, hey, you did the work. You had this and you had the chance here. And so for everyone else that was in a worse position or you know, I'm getting any number of things that didn't catch it. You owe them. Right? You owe them to make sure you are taking advantage of this opportunity in a way that's going to move things forward. Or at least you're respecting those people who would have done it better than you. I think really fundamentally in this aspect of my life, it's not for my kids. It's like, I don't, it's really none of those things. It is really that going, man, could anybody else? And if they were here, what they have done, so that's what you better do. And do you think that that keeps you hungry and motivated to keep going? Yeah, for sure. I mean, there's obviously a part of a lot of anyone that's forward facing has a bit of arrogance. I'm never going to walk away from that, right? Bit accused of that plenty of time. Yeah. There's a bit of desire to be needed and wanted and attention seeking. Like, there's all those things that roll into you, right? And I actually have no problem saying that. That's, it's not a negative thing, right? In context. But it is still foundationally going, okay, also in doing that, can you use that in someone that's the way that's going to help the world? Then to me, it's like that's a positive way to channel that energy attention, vigor and saying, all right, you're going to be up here. You're better use it, and then you better continue to move, right? Like, you better continue to do something that is worth it. Because if you're just piddling around or you're doing things just for the sake of maybe attributes that we would find less appealing, then like, you know what, when you're 15 runs out, good riddance. And like, okay, so make sure you're just respecting again that opportunity you've been given, and you better not do things for the sake of doing things, which is another really hard thing in our position, right? It's like, you just really do get addicted to that more, more, more. Another published occasion, another thing, get another high profile client, get another big podcast invite, like, whatever it is that you're valuing, you gotta be really careful of making, not making the thing. And like falling back and being like, whoa, what are you really doing this for, right? Is this really an instant mean, are you doing this? Because of justification of wanting the attention, even if it's not directly, it's like, or whatever the case is, is this because this land in most finances are getting the mess spot for your product or whatever it is? Is this really moving the needle forward to where when your time's done, no one remembers you that they do where they don't, that doesn't matter. But did you, again, really respect the opportunity that someone else would have done with that? And if they would have created something better that enriched human experience more, then you better continue to do that. And if not, then maybe it's time to step back and let everyone else have their shop. I wanted to ask you that question because you are very well published and you're a thought leader. But the other unusual aspect of you is, yes, you're very charismatic and your great speaker and your great educator. And you were an educator before you were ever in the public eye. For years and I don't know if people understand that, that you spent a lot of time in the trenches educating students and educating people. That is unusual to be in the position, a lot of academics don't become forward facing. I would say 99.9% of academics, also you're very young. You're very young when you got 10 years. I think you were 34. I was a full professor at 35. I think. Yeah. 36, maybe 36. Yeah. It's Fullerton. Yeah. You see Fullerton, which is an excellent school, excellent muscle physiology lab. So these are very unusual aspects. Yes, we're going to talk all about science. But I also think that it's very valuable for people to know who you are. Yeah. I appreciate them. I will get down to the business in a second. I still educate. Not only in this sense, but I still teach for academic classes, first semester, I teach winter and I teach summer. When I first got into this, that was what it was really for. In fact, when I left my PhD program, I really didn't think I would do a single study to rest in my life. Where did you do your PhD? I got my PhD at Ball State in the lab that you know, the famous Dave Costell, you know anything about sports nutrition, Dave started that lab, you know decades ago. Dave really is the one that brought out things like, oh, we use carbohydrates during exercise more and like turns out, hydration is important. Like really that foundational layer of 1960s, 1970s, 1980s exercise physiology. How old was it around that time as well? Yeah. I mean, look, if you look at any like classic exercise physiology textbook from the 1990s to 2000s, those the authors like you're going to see. I didn't think I was going to do a single study because I was just not interested in science at that point because of, I think the limitations and a number of other reasons. And I was like, I'm just going to teach because I really really enjoyed that aspect. And then obviously I realized I could kind of do science my way. I was like, well, that's way. Cool. So I did that. And then the fast forward so we can move on. What happened was I was actually working on a project with some close friends, Doug Larson, and Mike Blitzow, who started a company years ago called Barbell Shrog, right? This legendary, hey guys. Yeah, shout out guys. And we actually had a side project called Barbell University. So we were trying them out. I remember that. Yeah, I was like, man, what if we could make like a real kind of online university for this human performance type of stuff and we built a lot of it out, like a ton of it out, curriculum courses and flow and all kinds of stuff. And then one day, Doug was called just like, yo, we're done with the project. It's smart choice on his part, by the way. And I just laid on my floor and I was like, oh my god, I'd spent just so much time on this. And then I just thought, why did you want to do this first place? And I really drilled, you know, like drill back, like, why did you care? Why did you care? And then I realized those core things that I wanted, what I didn't want to do. And I was like, oh, you can do 90% of that. Like, you know, I actually have to have all this stuff built out. Like, you can just do it. So that's what I did. And that really was the biggest, like, one of the biggest breaks over had in my career was directly because of all that stuff. And just being like, yo, just do the education you want. However you want, don't worry about SEO optimization and like editing and like all the things that I didn't want to do and figuring out and how do I charge people for it? Like, I didn't want to do any of that stuff. So I was like, just do it. What if you do it exactly what you want? What's going to happen? And it was, again, to this day, the smartest career decision I probably ever made in my life. And if I still answer two questions. Number one, the question of a mentor. I was going to ask you about a mentor and then I was going to ask you, was there a time or has been a time where you're like, um, I think I kind of made it? I know that we're never done, but there are really, really moments where, I don't know, you get a call from someone like Dana White or whatever it is. I remember like sitting in my office one time, my phone rang and I just said to sue for LLC, which is like the parent company of the O.C. It was like, that was pretty dope. You know, getting a call from Joe Rogan years ago and then going to his show, like that was, especially back in that time. It was like, wow, that's going to be pretty big. So that was like another one. And then like funny, it's little stuff like when I paid off my student loans. It's cool. Like that was, that was really, uh, I had coach like privately coached a very famous actor, god, like eight or nine years ago. And it was just like the first check. I was just like student loans gone. And I was like, wow, that was like pretty dope. So those some of those things jumped down to my, but yeah, that's probably the biggest ones. And now you're just on a trajectory where you're giving actually a lot of content still. Yeah. Yeah. That's, honestly, like that's the jam I have the most, like, if I could figure out what I just do that, and nothing else, like that's probably what I was spending most of my time doing. It's just not possible right now. And there are components to learning. I think you probably love the, is it the challenge of learning? Is it the challenge of teaching information? Is the challenge of distilling down the science? Um, you know, it's, I'll see that. I think, isn't going to sound weird, but I think most of it is vanity. I totally don't want to see that because the reason I like to do it is because number one, the attention, the acclid, like when, when you do something really well in front of it audience. And like you get a huge response, even if that audience is one person, right? You hear people talk about this all the time, like when you see people say to cliche, like when you see the light bulbs go off in somebody, that's really you. Right. When they go like excited, because they learn something that makes you feel good because that's a, that's a van, a vanity thing, like you are feeling good about that. And when you do that in front of a crowd of 7,000 people, our 700 people, and that feels like really, really good. So that's part of it. The other part of it is, if I'm trying to learn something myself, and I'm like, woo, just really, really, really struggling with it. And I spend weeks or months or years on something and you figure out like, actually, why is no one ever just weaved it through this way? And then you go, you know what, I bet if I did that and put it out there, a ton of people would be find it super helpful. And then you do it. And it is of course. So it's the vanity of going, like, I can do this better than anyone else has done it. I've seen anyone who does this. It's good as I can. And then you're right. Like that's that going to call it whatever you want, but that is a large part of what I do because I'm like, man, everyone's made this way more complicated and it has to be, I think I can do this better. I know I can do this. Actually, y'all suck. Like, let me go crush all of you on this right here. And that's a competitive at all. Totally. Like, I'm throwing this trace on a purpose. Like, labeling air against labeling, attention seeking like this part of it, right? This is part of it. But these are not negative things in this way. It's like, if the worst thing that's seen I ever had is I wanted someone's attention. So I made a bunch of free content and YouTube gave to the world like, tell them all about muscle. Yeah, it would be amazing. I'm good at that. Last question on you. That's it. We're up enough. No, that's it. That was a long show two hours normal podcast. Two hours. You better strap in for about three times that. Yeah. Yeah. What is the hardest aspect of the amount of attention and now being put in the public? Man, there's a bunch of hard stuff. One of it is I actually for probably 10 years had a 99% response rate. If people emailed or social media like for a decade or more, I was like 100% going to get back to you. Now it's like completely unmanageable. That sucks. But in the last time, it's like people like really genuinely, they do it the right way and they're really, and like I try, especially if it's like I can answer that pretty quickly. But a lot of times you're like, oh, that's not like a quick answer. Yeah. That sucks. Like I really don't like that aspect of it. Number one, um, and then like it's hard to always give to the world. Like when I come home, my kids want everything from me, my wife wants everything from me, right? And then you, you touch your phone. Everything on your phone is somebody wanting something from you. And you try to not be under in lack of appreciation for that, right? Because you're like, yeah, dude, like that's what everyone is trying to do is getting spot where everyone wants them. And so it's like man, I really am super-pushed up every time someone wants my advice or accompanying wants to work with me. Or whatever. And of course, I'm hyper-pushed up that my family wants to, like, but it is hard when it's just like everybody is always outgoing. It's just like pulling out. That is hard. I ask no sympathy for that because that is 100%. Like that's what I, I try to do. But it is a lot. And there are components about that are, it pulls you, right? You want to be 100% present with your kids. It's in a life and your work. It's a lot. It's hard. It's impossible. Even when you're not working, like this is a thing that I, like I've still yet to really articulate with my family side is I can't just walk out of the door at 6 p.m. of my office and like immediately going to to dad mode. I'm like trying my best, right? My phone has gone all that, but like you can't do that after a 12 hour plus run and then just like shut off, I can do a walk. I can do like all these things. It's great. But then like seconds later, it's just a flood back. That has been the hardest on my family for sure. Like I was joking out, like don't build three companies in one year. That was probably the biggest thing that did it, like not a smart decision to do that. Because now it's not the workload. It's just a different amount of different things that are floating in. There's no chance shutting out. So like that is the biggest burden. It's not just being able to walk out and just be like yeah and truly be on with my kids and that's that's super challenging. The last thing I'll say is getting back to my own internal circle. Yeah. I mean, you know, like just like when my family or my close friends like text, like you know, like I'm sorry, but I did a podcast that came back to my phone. I had 84 text messages like it's a lot like and then if I try to do anything like take a day off, it's like it's a wrap. Interesting. So that part sucks for sure. But also your friends understand. Yeah, most are pretty good. And we'll continue to spam text you into your back to them. It doesn't matter. Okay. I said that that was the last question. But I have one more because I think this is relevant as we take it into the scientific literature. We have very good concentration and focus. How do you manage that? I wish I could give you something of value here. I think my most honest answer is going to be I don't know any different. I wake up in the morning. I generally have something really going on in my brain that I want to go do. And I'm pretty good about compartmentalizing. So like I'm very good about being like, you know, my sleep stuff is not in my brain. My blood worked with nothing up in my brain. And I'm only going to grade right now. Like I don't set a count. I don't have like any of those fancy things. But like when I get into something or I get an idea, I'm pretty good at shutting the world out so much so that like will infuriate my wife. Because I'm just like I'm gone. Like any of them I'm not in front of the computer. Like I'm thinking about it. I'm not even trying. I'm just like I'm on another level. It's so actually though because my daughter does the same thing. That's cool. And I can see it in my wife's like I think she's kind of like, no, no, no, I know exactly what she's doing. Like she's in space right now. And I'm like, that's exactly what happens to me. Like I just go into space. So I'm very good about even if there's like real legitimate things going on. I can be like, okay, great. If that is, if that is, if there's nothing I can do else about that right now, I can't prepare more. I can't do anything else. Like I'm pretty good about being like that's out of my brain space. And now I'm like into something else where like my wife is really hard time with that. Like until that thing is it's not a, I wish I could say that it's like a book I read or practice. But like it's somewhat of an obsession. Maybe you're the way you're brain work. It's the way my brain work. It's the way that I think it a lot of it is actually my upbringing. A lot like I'm from the country. And it sort of just like, well, that problem is that problem. There's three more over there. Like it doesn't matter. Like you have to be able to just put that down and like go over there and go over there and go over there and go over there. You don't have the ability in the time to just like, you can't ruminate. That's just it's not an option because there's too many other things that I had a life has to put it in a pan you, right? Like that fence is down. Like animal is going to get out. Like whatever's happening. Like it does not matter about your taxes being light or like whatever the heck is, it's like doesn't matter because something is online right now that you just have to like move to and you just have to execute. I'm actually looking in the background at Jocco's book totally axiomally. But when he came on, I'm like, yeah, like totally resonated with me personally because I'm like you have to pass down a lot of my life and then just move forward. So I think the only reason I can do like teach the classes run my lab, run the companies like do the other stuff, do the podcasts is like I have to just be able to be like next next sort of next. And there's a downside of that trait. Like they're real downsides. I mean, you're not wrong. My husband who's obviously a normal seal is very much like that. And I think that in order to be successful in the way in which you guys are, you have to be that way. Yeah. Are you the first scientist in your family? Oh for sure. For sure. Like where I grew up, like I didn't know anybody famous and like I didn't know anybody, I know anybody famous. I don't know what I like I like. Where you grew up in the south of West Washington. Like halfway between Seattle and Portland down there, a little city called Rochester, Washington. It was dope. Like a dope little city. But like people weren't my family or not lawyers or scientists. Like no one of my family has it. I actually was the first one to graduate that college degree. My family. So yeah, like even as I like undergrad student, I didn't know what a PhD was. When I got on my master's program, I didn't know the difference when a master's in a PhD was. I had no idea. So yeah, first scientist for sure. But probably not the last. Your daughter. My kids, my son. My daughter's all over. Where's your to your undergrad? Was that also a ball state? No, I did my undergrad at a small school in Oregon called Linfield College. So I played football down at an division three school. Did my undergraduate degree in actually science? I think it was what was called there. Did my master's with Andy Fry at the University of Memphis? Amazing. He's amazing. Yeah, he actually did like the story of getting into grad schools one of my favorite ones. Like that was all we we have all the time in the world. I know we're like so far and we haven't covered probably anything people interested in it. Well, I I think that that's incorrect. I think people are interested in who you are as a human. Okay. Well, we'll see. I will see how many two announced you get the first. No, you guys better be listening. If you are a fan of this podcast, I have someone on here who I deeply respect. I appreciate it. So as I mentioned, like I didn't know anything about academia, even as an undergrad, right? I was playing football and I loved human performance stuff. But like there was there was no advanced place to go in this field. Right. I remember being on like recruiting visits and asking what do you want to do academically? And then I kind of like tell them and there's like well, there's athletic training. And like athletic training is is more of dealing with acute injuries on the field and stuff like that. It's not really what we think of as like training and athlete. All right. athletic training is a very specific field. They're like a physical therapist onsite at all times. Right. And so I'm like I don't want to do that. Like I'm not like the energy. I want like high performance of there's like there weren't no strength conditioning. Grace exercise. Why don't any strength in conditioning? Definitely not. Wow. No, there was nobody really doing it research in the area was very little. Very few labs focused on that. And if you did get into an exercise science program like I did, you're really looking at public health. Right. It is part the car and the other and the of the parking lot and walk. I take this day or more. It was, you know, eat nuts and vegetable leg is it's more public health stuff stuff. There was no like, hey, how do we optimize field to max? How do we enhance performance all these things, right? It's not like cool. So you're dealing dealing with like obesity and all those things. So coming out of that program, I'm just like, I don't want to do. So actually, I'm a tell two stories. Did you enjoy your education and loved it? I love it. I love it. Does theology? Yeah. I mean, it wasn't like the high performance stuff. Who cares? Like you're learning how muscles work and grow and how the body works in general and how you're recovering. And to me, it was pretty easy for me to honestly cover our mentalized. Because like in the the example in class would be how this is working for somebody who has cardiovascular disease. But like it's so easy. My imagination would be like, okay, then how's that work and like just to switch it over, right? Because it's the same physiology, right? Physiology is physiology. We were kind of joking earlier, but like I'll kind of jump it a little bit. But like to me, there's like human performances, human performance. You get to use that body and your flesh to perform however you want. I don't really give it shit. But it's still performance, right? Doesn't matter how old you are, doesn't matter. No, you all want to look. You want to feel and you want to perform a certain way. How you want to look and how I want to look is different. I don't care. You set the terms, right? But we all want to look a certain way. You all want to feel a certain way. You set the terms, right? I want to feel more energy. I want to feel like I'm more focused. I want to feel stronger. Great fine, right? But that's still you want to feel a certain way, right? Then you want to perform a certain way. Okay, you want to perform a certain way. Again, you want to be strong. You want to be fast. You want to just not hurt. Great. It's still all the same three things, and now if you took that example and put that in one of my starting quarterbacks in the NFL, you put that in some one of our athletes from parent and little bit games. Cool. Or you put that in my wife. You put that on me. I'm not of those people. I still want to perform with my best. So it's not, I'm not saying anything different. With the one exception, this is the best part. In my PhD, we actually had the real cool opportunity to, our my physiology courses were actually in the medical school. And so I'm in the med classes, just a physiology one. Right? And I'm the only PhD in that class or Esther, like real proper MDs. Right? Our program is small. Right? So if you're in our program, you did it, but no one else got to cross over. It was like a pretty dope like back of the door deal we got to do. So it's like cool. Instead of taking like a normal class over there, we got to go take the physiology. But the teacher was a PhD. Not an MD. And he would get in there and he started getting his stuff and I don't know how your med school went. But this one was like, you basically do like a full chapter right day. Like a chapter of the medical textbook per day. Like that's the right that you're crushing. Yeah. And you sit on one topic for like four to six weeks. And then you kind of cruise that like melgier for a month and renal physiology for a month and two weeks or whatever. And you just like crush right? And you hammer through and you four or five hours a day, four days a week or something like that. Right? So you get really focused on what. So we would get into stuff and he would start talking about things like blood volume. And I'll be like dope right? And he's started talking about, hey, if you're you know a female and you have five liters of blood, like you're going immediately into cardiac arrest concerns and you're going on a blood thinners while how that's working, what the kidneys are doing, how you're altering stuff. And I'm like immediately from a five liters of blood in the woman, I'm like, do that cruel super and fit. Right? Because you're like the same thing that you would see in a legit medical, especially trauma issue, right? Like a medical concern is the exact same thing you see in eye performance. So I'm looking at him like, we what? Like five liters, one of the biggest adaptations, most pronounced to adaptation, so endurance training is more total blood in your body. You hold more blood, right? So you make more blood cells, but in order to make your blood not get super viscous, right? Thank you after retain more water, right? So your total blood volume goes up. One of the most classic hallmarks of high performance is more total blood. At the same time also, that is like if you're an unhealthy person, you see the exact same numbers on a chart. You're going, whoa, cool. Get this person on a dioratic immediately because retaining fluids and this is all classic signs of heart attack that's coming or from my perspective, you're super fit. So like I'm just like, okay, great and you start to really appreciate, wow, physiology, physiology. It's the same thing here, but now we actually got here at a different angle. In this context, this is deadly and this context, it is the healthiest way you can be. And now you start going, okay, it's just physiology, but now also context matters. Context is everything. It's one of the reasons why I hate giving these direct straightforward answers on podcasts and like social media and they have to meet. Like people don't really realize why you and I don't post very often because I'm like, it takes me so long because you have to be really careful in like really poor situations. No, I like this, but even in a smart skill, like you want to be exactly as possible and you want to fairly represent what's happening. That just takes like a long time. So it's not misinterpreted or misinterpreted rather. So like just learning physiology that way, I'm like, so I loved all my underground classes like coming back where the started because I'm like, all right, you're learning how all these systems work even when it is like cellular biology stuff, genetics, even if it's botany. So it's like, who cares? You're still learning the basics of living systems and then even into areas that I didn't like like bomb mechanics. It's still like, okay, and this is great. And it's bomb mechanics of this is why people's gates are shutting down as they get older or what dementia kicking in or something like, okay, great. The example is this function, but just imagine what it'd be like if it was higher function. And you're just running through those games in your mind and you're learning, you're thinking, you're creating additional holes where like, oh, I wonder if everyone's thought about that. Like that could be a place where, so I just loved every second of it. I loved it. So I finished that and along the way, the only people in our program were, again, like public health people. And one of the professors Janet Peterson, she was just, she was the greatest. Actually, you know, it's fine, Janet was that Cal State Fullerton. Really? Left Cal State Fullerton went to Linfield and she took over and was my professor there and then all the years later when I got to Linfield, she was able to call down and be like, I was interviewing, he's like, yeah, this guy is amazing. Super, super fortunate. It sounds like you've had a few mentors that Janet was great. Help direct where you're going or how you were thinking. 100% like director indirect, right? This is one of the powers I learned very early in my academic career is you could be mentoring somebody to have no idea. You have no idea because I had a kid come back to me. It's something one day. I was like, what? He's something like he's like, you know, no one's ever told me that I'm a good writer before. I was like, huh? Like apparently I told the kid, he was a good writer. He meant everything the world of this kid and I didn't know what his name was. That's what I was like, oh, dude, you got to be careful. Like you, because everything you're doing could even know that person, you know, doesn't mean anything to you. You could really be in fact in their life. Which is kind of going backwards that earlier, like one thing, I don't like is not being a little respond to people because it can make a really, really big difference in somebody's life. That was like one of my first or second year as a professor and I was like, okay, that like changed everything in my brain because yeah, and I was hit the same thing like at the time Janet had no idea that she was out and I'm picked up. Really? No, no idea. Where's just, because I'm just like another kid in her class, you know, and this is like it's changing my life, right? Yeah. And so in class one day she was like, hey, I want to start doing blood pressure checks on kids. She said that. She said that. Does anyone want to volunteer? And I'm like, Hellia, right? I'm taking like, did you sit in the front? No, you weren't. I was not a sit in the front kind of guy. But she asked that and I was like, yes, immediately yes, I'm on there. She's like, great. You're not taking blood pressure and I was like, nope. She's like, you want, are you interested in getting the met? I'm like, nope, nope. Yeah, you knew you were never going to do about this. For sure. Which is interesting. I think that because I knew I couldn't get in. There's no chance I could have handled it. I don't have the horsepower upstairs. You have to be really smart. Like in a very specific type of way. And I definitely knew there's no chance. Like I had an undergraduate GPA of probably 3.1, 3.0. Like I'm I'm I'm really not that that kind of intelligent. Like I don't have a lot of my IQ is not particularly high. My wife's crush is mine. My like we've tested we've run out of bunch of testing done. But my SNAP speed like it's not particularly impressive. It's like very, very average. Very average. But you obtain mastery and then you can think outside the box. Different. Yeah. Like I'm not creative in a scientific ground way more creative than I am operating way more, right? So just being able to like you have to learn and memorize so much hours of memorization dead in the water. I'm never getting it. Talk about, I just studied study 10 to 12 hours. I believe every second on that because you're in like that class I'm in for 4 plus hours a day. And then you're taking a test on it again the entire renal system for a medical perspective terrible. Like 3 days it was terrible. There's I barely got through that course and only really got through that course because I got as a PhD and had a big soft spot for me. It was just like I'll just give you a see or whatever. I was like, oh, thank God. There's no way I would have passed up that like I was dead last because you you're in basically you get your grades like post yeah I know I'm dead last. I've recently won't I'm I'm down there right? You've made up for it. Yeah I felt the right. But so she asked that and I was like okay great. And she's like why you're volunteering. I'm like I'm only gonna learn like like this is what you do right? You want your spot like you yes to everything right? That's how I grow up. Yes blind college football I'm taking like 16 units. I have to study way longer than all of my friends like with Doug and Doug Larson went to school like we I'm talking guys I went to school together. Yeah so we've known each other since we were like 18 we took almost every class together for 4 years and he's just I think I literally remember one time I got a better score and one class on one exam than him the rest just shut out the entire 4 years right he's really smart guy. So I remember I'm like just it's I'm just going to win by other ways like I'm going to win in other ways. This is part of it. So I end up taking this blood pressure thing for and I sit out and Western Oregon outside and it's like drizzling raining and not a single person comes by to get blood pressure and I'm like well that's not but whatever like at that point you're just chalking up lands like you just everything in the bucket you can throw in you're going after right? Right like nine months later Janet email there's something's like hey one of our former alumni is working up at a deedus so deedus is national headquarters is in Portland. What's I also didn't know that? Yeah I'm a lot of people don't because Nike's up there and they just think of Nike but a deedus is up there too it's like an hour drive from our school and she's like there's an opening it's kind of like a corporate wellness gig like they have a gym on campus they need someone like open the gym five in the morning and I'm like I'm on it done she's like great so I'm I'm still playing college football I'm getting up like three thirty in the morning so I can drive an hour to make sure I'm there half an hour early because I grew up in like my dad works in road construction right you show up 10 minutes early you're definitely getting fired like you're you're gone so I'm like you learned your work at that oh and from where you grow oh yeah my parents my grandparents everyone I grew up with like I'm in the country that's like the expectation right if you show up five minutes before practice you're gone like that's just a wrap so I'm like I'm not blowing this opportunity I'm an hour drive I have a six hundred dollar car so I'm like if it breaks down or whatever like I still have to change the time get there on time traffic hits like no whatever so I'm getting there way early and I start to notice and by the way I didn't want a person train like the last thing the world I want to do is be a really even though you loved by mechanics yeah but like theology I don't want to like I don't train these people but did you know what you wanted to do with that point no I'm just hustling okay I'm hustling right I'm like whatever I'm hustling I like being in the gym that's like great and all that but I'm like I don't want to train forty five year old corporate people like not at all right I'm hustling I'm getting there so early that I'm just like I'm not going to the door right again then I notice there's like three people four people six people that are like always they're half an hour early so I asked I'm awesome I can I let him in just like yeah I don't care like if you want to get her that early I can't pay him like I don't care right I'm here I let him in and then they start asking me hey will you train us I'm like yeah some coach and I'm we're just like we're trained and we're going after it there's no like personal training there right but I'm just like doing it I'm like before the hours show up like yeah we're good let's go all right and it turns out like I don't know what was three or four from around the executive board I did it you had no idea like the other two worked in like the smoothie shop I didn't know anybody from it didn't care did not care I'm just like who cares right I'm I'm hustling I didn't think long for one of the guys to be like yo we are actually invested in a facility in Arizona that only trains athletes is called athletes performance so Mark Prestig and opened this thing up like the late 1990s at that time was the only place like in the world right had your nutrition your car practice your training all this stuff in one location and he's like you don't need to be here like you need to be down there and I'm like I'm in he's like no money you gotta go work for free for six months and I was like I'm in like can't say yes fast enough so graduated drove my car down there didn't make it ever once and now yeah like I ran it for sure I made it I had nothing no like had nothing else I was eating oranges every day on like the orange trees that I could find on my way there I would wait for any of the athletes who would left they're like protein shake and they're aggressive and I'm like smashing all those to get you really put in your time and you didn't have anything I didn't have much I mean I had like again I had I had a lot of opportunity in terms of like my parents were really good people there was no violence there was no like yeah I didn't so I didn't have the deal with this stuff that's really hard like I didn't have money like I had safety and security so I didn't care because I'm like worst case I go right back to you know back at the couch like not a big deal so that part is do you ever take a moment and reflect on not having anything yeah to not I mean for sure like I make extraordinary life the amount of money I make right now like relative to the amount of money my parents made the whole life like it's it's longer right feel really good to be able to do stuff right on oh so it's it's like so they that best part is like they're not in the internet you know what I'm really like they barely not a user phone for real it's it's embarrassing and they have no idea like they have no idea they're like kind of like I had to explain this to my mom because I got stopped in the airport like three times ran on like different times she's like how do people sell me people know you I was like kind of a big deal mom my god to pull a bit she's like no I know but I'm like I don't think you really get it um so yeah like to think really do them now they're just like yeah yeah it's a greatest thing um see got Arizona yeah so I get I get down there I'm just hammering it right and uh it was dope because I'm like training Hall of Fame baseball players we had like 15 or 18 guys going the first round of the NFL draft that year guys are not being like real legit burn and Davis guys are like really really elite guys and and baseball stuff and I was coaching them like right out the gates for the most part. Did you know what you're done yeah yeah that's honestly why I didn't want to become a strength edition coach. It's funny that sounds because like literally I'll never forget like probably the third day it was there like you're interning right there's a bunch in terms of show up at once and you got to run through really high level coaches that are running the show. I like the third day I was like and this is total arrogance but I was like yeah I could do that better than that guy like right now like I could have cooked like I right now and I was picking up on things that they asked me to do stuff and I was like I'm the coach missed that, stop missed that whatever and I was just like man stuff's not challenging like it's just not hard and I mean no disrespect of course at all to anybody but it wasn't like a it was a strength thing that is in coaching on that level was a little bit like babysitting because those coaches couldn't kick those kids out right those coaches couldn't they didn't really have authority to to really like run that show like so you had to be like a little bit of kind of do it do it with the high profile people want and and anyone that isn't strength like in this that world of pro athletes like you don't if some if one of the athletes is getting paid 20x you are and they don't want to do something like you don't really have to say even though it makes them better the no no like what what do you got to tell the bronjames if you're the strength coach he says I'm not doing that exercise like okay you're you're you're not gonna say anything right like so I didn't like that and I'll say damn I don't really do that and then I thought like like it just wasn't mentally like challenging enough for me to be like again like pro grammesitis really really really hard at that level and coaching is really really hard and the hours that those people work is just bananas but that was what I was like I'm not working these hours to not have the autonomy like I didn't like the autonomy I didn't like if I had coach got fired I just lost my job potentially I'm like I didn't like not being in control of my own life and destiny and it just wasn't like there's a so much learn and strength conditioning but I felt like I got to the kind of way I think it's like I felt like I got to purple belt really fast and I was like yeah yeah two easy too fast for me for that aspect of right and then the hard part on that field is like putting in the work and I didn't want to do that I don't want to be there every day like really just getting people to execute the plan I don't like operations like I like the creativity side of it so I like I want to come up with new innovative things but I don't want to be there every day like going through the same process like groundhogged do so hard but it's so hard to do that that's that's the that this is the flip side of great is right that's really easy to come up with an idea holy hell is it's I don't I was like I don't have I don't have the toughness of these people have to get through this so I'm out on this one and the athletes were with they are I just knew what I want to do that so I went to the actually Doug Larson I went to the NSA the National Strength and conditioning Association National Conference changed my life I was lucky again another big break Doug's life time mentor who's like he worked for like Hewlett Packard as an engineer he just loved lifting though and as a member it was like I'll take you boys down there so he drove us down there let us stay in his hotel where about that Vegas so he drove over like 24 hour drive or whatever 12 hour drive or whatever to get down there whatever it was he's like I'll take everything basically like paid for most of our food and stuff like that like I knew he was gonna take care of us because I got back actually when I finished at a in Arizona I literally got back so I moved back and I was like man I need I was about a half a gas tank away like my cards were tapped they were red line and I was like whoop like I just have to get and I was like driving home I was like watching the old domino being like got to get there got to get there made it back so I didn't like have anything I got super fortunate though got to work with my dad like make some money build the roads but then got to NSA and we get there and I'm like my mind is blown like what is this thing and I'm walking around there's part of the conference they have they give away like free beer and snacks so I'm just like smashing all this snacks right and they have a big row of posters and and people what they that signed up in conferences they put up like for like two or three hours you'll have a poster you'll make a big poster of a study you've done typically that published that like you can kind of see what they feel this working on preliminary results stuff like that and there's these big halls and I'm just walking up and down these halls and seeing all this strength and the addition of science and I was like what the because all this like where is all this? I had no idea I didn't know about a PhD didn't know any I had no idea this stuff existed I was like science was the crappy boring crap it was all the like again blood pressure medication did this and I'm like I don't know this stuff sucks I had a new idea and I walked by one poster and it was a poster of these people taking muscle biopsies and they were doing like really heavy squats with chains and bands and I was like well what and they were looking at they did a one-rate max back squat and you had to do ten successful reps in a day at 100% if you failed like you had to do it again so you were there squatting a lot oh yeah you did one-rate max ten one-rate maxes in a day every day for 14 days and they took muscle biopsies before and after and I was just like what the what is this this is like you took biopsies what's a biopsie how do you do that and like all this squatting stuff and I just hammered this poor guy with questions right I'm just like no like the kind of questions you get assigned to for confidence like how does this work like well like oh you know how do you do these things like how does this all happen right I just remember going back and forth getting back getting two more beers coming back talking to this guy what's this one one one poster right by that time we're done like the poster session shut down and the guy was like hey you want to go over to like the ball over there with like let's keep chatting whatever and I was like yes absolutely goes by and he buys me a couple more beers or whatever was and I was like and I had you know we're talking he's like hey you know I think I have an opening for uh grass student next year you want to come get your masters and I was like absolutely what's the masters like I had no idea like no idea that guy was Andy Fry and for people who don't know who Andy Fry is he's just alleging in the field yeah he I mean he recently won lifetime achievement award like the first real muscle physiologist in strengthening edition like really a couple of the guys uh pair of test and stuff I've done some stuff but really really Andy was like really mostly the overtraining research like a lot of stuff and people have to appreciate that um strengthening conditioning has been kind of separated from physiology it's it's been different all of exercise physiology all of health it's part of the reason why like like you and I have such an incredible connection right this is like this is so cool to see this stuff become science this stuff become medicine this stuff become things that are in papers and like in in scientific journals not the strengthening engineering right to get into jam and to get into the human-in-win journal med and and saline stuff like that nature and science to go up there but yeah so they told me and he's like you just happen to pick Fry's work well it like in retrospect uh there's no other one I could have picked right because I'm like who else is doing this stuff another people were there but I got in there actually I started I did a year of him then he left and went to Kansas started his lab out there and then I finished uh with him and I thought it actually it was getting closer I was like man I don't know what I want to do I don't want to coach they want a personal train um and I kind of want to do more stuff like this so what are my options well no one was had PhDs and that type of stuff so he hadn't started his PhD program Kansas yet he just got there he had no funding yet and I was like damn no one was really doing it so I just looked and I was like well who is doing the science and the physiology part like I want to do it who cares what they're doing it in right if somebody doing the science side that I want to do can I learn that and I felt so arrogant and confident in the performance and strength that is saying I'm like I don't need you that you're out there if I can learn the science side of what I want to do and then I can come back and do this in this population I'll be now the second person and the first guy doing it is you know 25 years older than me so I'm like I'll be in a real good spot so that's what I did for my PhD and they didn't have much of stuff I didn't really care about and then when I finished Rod as I was getting done I had the skill set of him and performance strength conditioning and my luck there physiology what did you do the PhD in my PhD was in called human bio energetics okay it's exercise physiology it's just a title like it's all the same stuff my like my actual dissertation was we developed a method for measuring individual muscle individual signaling proteins in single muscle fibers so it was all like a chemistry technical sort of one there's no like real intervention but the the first part of the dissertation was actually our Sweden study where we had the probably talk about the of interest the life long cross country scares and the victim access updated there so that was Eric the guy who has me dissertation so I worked on that one and then mine was like a chemistry but the physiology was very cool yeah it was dope like we were able to measure proteins that are really small level in individual tiny muscle fibers that like no one had ever been able to do before and didn't really go anywhere we never used the method all G really again but it was cool to show us possible so when I finished I was like what am I going to do and I started kind of applying for jobs and most of it is still that like public health like kind of job as a PhD yeah because I'm like you're going to start a lab but you got to get federal funding you have to do health like you knew sport but only if you really do obesity or diabetes research or aging that's like the kind of hallmarked three in our field right you got obesity aging or diabetes metabolic disease something like that I'm like I don't do any of that stuff and like you can do the sport performance stuff with the with your slush money like your leftover money from your real studies or something like that like I don't know what I want to do that shit at all like I wanted to give performance and then I just happened to see a posting at Calstay Fullerton it was like yeah we wanted somebody to do molecular physiology of strength addition and I was like what what and then I applied and Libram also just recently one lifetime and she would call me like I feel like it was like an hour after my application when I was like okay Libram Fullerton I was like of course I know who you are like president the NCA and he's like this is like exactly what we wrote our job posting for him like I know this is weird he's like how how how how how how do this exists and I'm like this is so that application process was pretty short what did that like I felt pretty good and the guy actually the reason that job was open was because the guy had just left that job that guy played football at Lynnfield so he had was a few years ahead of me gone on got his PhD from Bill Kramer at University Connecticut I applied for my PhD to go work with Bill this guy interviewed me with Bill and I I turned that spot down with Edelon so that four years later five years later I applied for it he's like hey or remember your name your that Lynnfield guy or whatever I'm just leaving he went to actually he left Fullerton and went to work for Eusarian or Neda one of the he's been a bolt so I don't know where but he left then to go to military research and it's like you should apply for this job and I was like Tom did like I'm there and then Janne called and was like yes and so I like I had all these people being like like this is a spot that you're in so when we open our conversation 40 minutes ago or whatever and I said I can feel your fortune because I don't I don't know some of this yeah I told you though like it is a ton of hard work but look look and just in this like 20 minutes like look how many breaks I got just like lucky lucky lucky also um Fluxo not really though yeah because there's also like what I didn't tell you were the 6,000 stories where I did something nothing happened I think this is important for the listener yeah to push ahead and to you just have to keep fire and shots but you also knew what you'd love and I think a lot of people don't spend time figuring out where they're true passion lies and if you don't well what I say is like I want to be really clear on that because I get this one a lot from students like I didn't know what my passion I didn't know like I wanted to do this specific thing I just knew it was like I love human performance and I also know like I can get after it and I'm just gonna keep going so like I didn't care about like having no income as a master student or going on a PhD student because like I don't got any money anyways so I don't know any different like I'm not going backwards life style I was don't care I'm a little more who cares right so I'm just gonna keep and I know like I don't know exactly what I want to do when I started that job I told you I didn't want to do science it was a teaching based job right I was going to teach you yeah what did they hire you for well I came in and I was like yo this is exactly what I want to do so Dave cost him had this thing where he was like I want to do one to one one to one is for every scientific publication I have I want to do one lay publication so like the 1970s that's you're talking like you published the paper in journal of the point physiology and then you write an article in runners world that that's interesting how was right yeah I suppose I didn't realize that and so coming in like Dave was retired by the time I got there so I didn't spend much time with them but that's how I got a big part of the lab sculpture like like this is what they and I was like damn that's perfect so when I came into Fullerton that's what I told I wrote them and I was like yo I'm gonna do one to one and I'm gonna put equal emphasis so in the center for sport performance that Lee started that I run now that the goal the mission of that center is to produce and disseminate research that enhances performance it is produce and disseminate that is one to one we will make and we will disseminate not we will publish we will disseminate which means we'll get it out to the world so I came in I told them yo I'm gonna do this and like I'm gonna go hard in the paint both ways and I'm gonna spend as much time or more getting the current information we have out to people and not just publish publish publish publish like let it die which I'm surprised because most labs want 100% of the lead is different like Lee was in charge and Lee was like no that's what you're doing like you do what you want and like get this out in the world like the NSEA's mission statement is something to do with bridging the gap between science and application and I'm like that's it and like this is this is what I want to do right to be in that middle world so I come in I'm teaching we're doing studies I'm getting them out there and that's when like the barbell show guys were like you got to you have to go on social media and I was like I don't want to do like I hated the idea of social media but I did it like you have to start coming on a podcast I'm like okay that started all making sense things take off from there and then at the same time that's when I started working with the pro athletes as well did they find you I mean because at the time there wasn't a lot of people doing what you were doing or good it was an individual might I was I mean it was a decent time ago because I had never what I didn't like I never stopped coaching athletes all the way I was coaching people my masters I was actually in the strength of the initiative as a strength of the nation coach I ball state as well which I wasn't supposed to be but I was like like coaching teams down there and stuff so I didn't stop coaching I was training myself I was fighting I was competing I was doing different stuff I was working with fighters so when I get to LA you're working with fighters that time oh yeah for sure because you've been working with fighters for yeah when we were master students my bloods will start across foot Memphis and like the fighters and and Doug was fighting the time the competing at MMA they're just like damn like all these science people now have a gym like let's just go over there and then we started training competing over there and then when I got to my PhD I found the first fight gym I could find them like join and then they're like they figure out what you know and it's like okay great like we're gonna trade services here so I never stopped and like I was competing myself so I'm like what are those keep doing this and everyone is thinking how did you have the time for all that yeah well like it's funny because like I would leave the lab I think practice was like 630 p.m. or something like that so like being a lab I would leave is right down the street from the lab funny out we would go train and like train pretty hard and we like fought a lot in practice and I could home eat go sleep like wake up do the next day and it was awesome because the rest of my lab mates were like the classic XFiz PhD students were like they're running maybe like doing some brolifting it's like I'm coming in I'm just like I had a broken rib one time so I was like hunched over in my thing I was all smashed up all the time they're just like what are you doing and I like you think it made you a better scientist for sure right because like that's such a good question we would yeah man like we would go over you know papers would come out or we'd have scientific ideas or basic XFiz stuff come up and in one of the reasons why I fell in love with fighting so much scientifically is because it doesn't fit the mold of any other industry right super super hard and they would say things like you can't do ABC and I would be like what we did last night of practice I'll show you my data like I'll show you the numbers they're just like what right it's like basically think about this like this um there's like lifting and then there's like long duration endurance and I'm like no no no here's what we didn't practice here's the rounds we did here's the heart rates we're at or whatever and just like the way and then it's like oh you don't do any distance running like no nor should I like all these things coming up right like you can't do that and be strong and this and like you can like this is how you're going to do it you guys don't know anything about training you guys know a ton about your little areas of science but you guys you work out when you really do not understand how to train for you performance like none of you have been real performance coaches because our lab actually never interacted with the strength of the shooting people at all and they were very much like the classic all those guys don't know the science of training sort of yeah I'm like you guys have no idea what you're doing you guys at PhDs and muscle physiology but you do not have any understanding how to train muscle like at all you know how to distance run and that's like all you know or swam or cycle right so it was like it was a ton of being able to be like yeah and look well what if what if this what if this what if this right and like look what happens and look what these people are able to do and they were constantly and so even like the science questions I wanted to ask the things we want to go after the way that I would interpret papers like I mean I'll never forget a ton of them right we can get these giant fights like academic fights like as doctoral students coming in because they would interpret a particular paper a certain way like one of them was classical and we there was a I didn't I wasn't an author on this paper but we did a training study in 80 year olds it was 70 and 80 year olds this is one of those and the 70 year olds got stronger and added some muscle mass but the 80 year olds did not right and it was like okay great and so the lab interpretation of the paper was there's something happening at age 80 where you stop responding like as well that notation right and I look at all the data and I'm like no what you saw is your training program sucked like I'm looking at a training program you did leg extensions three sets of 10 at 70 percent I think it was like once or twice a week that was the whole training program I'm like your training program sucked what you found out is you don't know how to strength conditioning code like that's what you found out so and then we were like well look at the this marker look at this one over here blah blah blah like there's more support you just hammering down it but yeah like all that like came out as in my science right so like how am I interpreting how I'm in positioning things what do I want to do but that is and it really learning the skill of going men this is why I'll say this not to hopefully if anybody but if you really have never been a scientist really never done the work like you really don't know how to interpret research and you really really really don't you can get kind of close but I mean like even someone like like our good friend laying norton right laying did a PhD and he gets this but he also has not done a single study on his own right and I'm saying this with all love and lay a lame but fully hug me right now if I said this it's like you don't know the difference between you've run 10 20 40 studies like you really there's layers of understanding that come with a career with career so does like man you in and knowing like the scientists and knowing the lab like I can pick apart and be like so I can see things in between lines is because I like I know these things so there is there's a level of trust that has to happen with like the actual people in there like when a real scientist is really producing research so something and that disagrees with maybe somebody else doesn't mean they're right plenty of biases and but there's a different level of understanding how the whole game works and they can get to so yeah it totally informed how I was doing things and it's you can see it to this day that the type of studies we've done on my lab that things we've learned the approach I've had it is all funneled back to that same thing right the direct work with tons of fighters it's very unusual yeah it's a very unusual combination but I did it all on purpose yeah yeah because like I saw that thing right like I looked at that thing as a master student with no one does this and that's together okay how you're going to get a job we got to you have to have a skill set like 10 for us who is so beautiful about this a decade ago it's not necessarily having a crazy skill set it's having a skill set in two things that don't complement each other that's where people get magic you're like how do you have a PhD in mathematics but then you're also a world class chef what like weird now this isn't like weird things that an opportunities happen because you have this unique combination of skills right so I'm looking I'm like I don't see anybody who's really understands human performance from a coaching perspective that understands cellular physiology who's also actually still competing who's really coaching people who's doing all this right if I go start a lab like that I can do whatever research I want I'm not competing against anybody because no one's doing this type of stuff any grand I go after I'm I'm in the open here no one's looking at this and any athlete who I would potentially want to work with is going to come in and be like yo which of these people would I pick like I'm going to be the pick right people wondered like I I'll finish this rat like God we're we're so deep and you could call this or put it to the end. Oh no no we're keeping us in when um as I I did uh it's been like six or seven years since the first time I went on Joe Rogan people ask I had like no falling at the time right like a thousand followers or something like how the hell and people were like oh what public surety use whatever and I was like none ever zero how did he find you he DM me but how did he find me if you go back and look at my bio yeah it said something like this like PhD muscle physiology uh MMA coach like blah blah blah and it was like it was like the four or five things like he loves the most so people always wanted like how did I go on like first I don't know how to get on if you show they have to but like don't ask me yeah when you're like us if you're a strength addition in coach and golf don't expect to get on there like he doesn't like that he falls it's like I listed all the things like he was super into and looked at all my posts or science and sports and athlete stuff and he's like he probably saw that one was like that's exactly what I'm into like that's cool I don't have posts about other stuff or whatever it's all science come so like part of that was like you know I'm doing this because no one's in this field everybody wanted to be in the NBA and the NFL and majorly baseball I wouldn't want to be strength coaches for like those people and I'm like that's great no one's giving a crap about these UFC people well that was 2008 turns out wow like that sport was getting big right and I'm like and I'm the only one there I'm the only person to turn to so when these fighters start like looking and finding work it's out like there's a science that's doing on this work and like he also has worked with ABCD and you know these UFC champions and all this and like all of a sudden floodgates in that community gets opened up boom like things get going so like from there I had I already had this experience with NFL players and majorly baseball players as well too so I still had some people from there that was sending people over and then you know at that point like we'll call that marketing in terms of like word but marketing is only as good as then what your product is going to be so once the time came out was like oh shit he's like look how how well people are doing out of his stuff then like from there was a rap did that inform your research or something so you went from fighting doing all these things you then took over this sport lab at Fullerton what was the first study that you did do you even remember I don't know is that was I don't remember when was that I was 14 years ago it's something like that that's been years ago I don't remember what I've ever ever heard for study was but it was geared towards what was it geared towards fighting I don't think so the first couple of years I had to build the biochemistry lab I had to get the muscle biob sand board like there was that's a lot of infrastructure like building like physically building the lab so I don't remember what our first study was but I mean some of the early ones we did I wanted to know whether or not you'll see a lot of times in between rounds of a fight boxing or M.A. that coaches will put an ice pack like on people's neck and rubber on their shoulders to stuff like that and so I was like what I know does that actually work does it doesn't matter well so we looked at it and we're like let's put them in a control condition let's put them some placebo condition let's put an ice pack on people's necks and like in between rounds like a simulated fight we didn't see any difference in like thermal regulation or performance or either and director indirect markers of a TIG in the first three rounds but then it started to make a difference after that and so the basic idea was like well okay if you're fighting in a championship fight potentially putting it right back there I also don't know harm so my general recommendation was like potential to work no downside whatsoever I'd strongly encourage it like definitely put that thing as high but you have to put a really on the base of your neck like the base of your brain not only like your lower neck put it right up there where your thermal sensors are so I just can't and then hold it don't rub it around it or whatever where the longer you can apply that thing the better so that's a great example is like okay great and I'll actually like what's actually really funny is for my first tenure review I got completely crushed from the my own department actually because they're like you know your research isn't focused because I had done like a muscle biopsy biochemistry on I had done that one we did a study on deadlifting with heavy bands right so we built in on the force plate and we're looking at that and they're like you're all over the place because they want you to be super focused and like do one thing I would say probably most almost I mean they want you to be a niche because only way you're going to grow old famous and get funding itself is like if you have a hyper niche into something right I'm like that I'm not doing any of that like I'm doing exactly what I want so I got crushed on that but as I got all care like I'm gonna do like what I want to do well I turned out it worked out for me so yeah we were all I mean we're all still this day like if it if I think very different and I think that the papers that you publish have a lot of diversity thank you to cozy earth for sponsoring this episode of the show I have been using cozy earth products forever and if you have not tried them you are definitely late to the game cozy earth products are made from biscuits from bamboo these are the softest towels batting clothes you will ever ever try I am telling you I recently got the resort towels I didn't even need to go to resort to use these towels quite frankly I'm using them for bath towels they are large and fluffy they feel great they're beautiful and listen cozy earth has been around for a while and they just continue to create new products that you can use in your daily routine I love my cozy earth bedtime sheets well I guess they would all be bedtime sheets but they could be nap time sheets especially as it begins to get warmer and many people are hot at night and you can turn down the temperature but the sheets for some reason stay hot cozy earth is not that cozy earth keeps you cool and soft and just amazing you can get yours at cozy earth.com you'll get 30% off my listries get 30% off using the code doctor lion that's cozy earth.com 30% off and use the code doctor lion now back to the show talk to me about let's talk about your lab now or I should say let's talk about some of the things that should be being done like biomarkers for muscle help big question what do you want to go here because I got a lot to say about this stuff well I think it's really important because there's the blood biomarkers and then of course there's the physical piece the physical imaging piece whether it's ultrasound Ct MRI dexa yeah I I mean I would love to talk about the blood biomarkers and I have message you many times you know Andy what can you tell me about this or you know what can we think about muscle turnover or sarcopenia again you and I come from different perspectives I care about performance because they care about the military operators yeah but other than that aside from dealing with tier one operators ideal with real people ideal with c eos people are getting after it you're interested in human performance again there's a spectrum of the human performance but from what can be applied clinically even if we're not even there yet blood biomarkers skeletal muscle what do we know so number one depth defining operationally what we're going after here biomarker simply means a marker biology your height is a biomarker right you're a very small one about it being so when you this is what reason I'm saying this is to say that actually it's used the fairiesley marketing purposes and I think it it sounds sexy sounds appealing right but it could be anything and so when you see a company it's like oh they are really good at biomarkers they do my own it's like it doesn't really mean shit that be totally honest right what does that actually mean okay so a biomarker could be any of number so when you lay out a couple of different forms flavors of those biomarkers it could be a physical thing so if we're analyzing take kind of company like axiophores I remember with axiophores yet okay great they actually are an up and coming company they're out actually well the subconscious mind is fascinating they are out of antifryze lab so that's a bomb mechanics company though whether out of the university canvas Kansas and they built a force plate that is a soul of a shoe so you can actually you get full 3D motion analysis of how you're moving and all you do is you take the soul out of your shoe and put their soul in full like give a full kinematics kinetics coming off this thing force plates are like 40 grand but they figured out how to put this technology into a soul of a shoe so you can put this in there right can anyone purchase that it's not available for consumer purchase yet for the outside world but but you might know someone maybe axiophores is spending most of their time with early Parkinson's detection right now because one of the things that they're they're going after saying hey look if we can identify changes in your gate how your left foot is moving how you're walking right because when obviously you've unimagine somebody with dementia or as they're stuffling right you find these other changes in gate right what if we can pick up those changes in gate six months earlier a year earlier six years earlier six new I don't know the number is right but we are clearly if this is now a passive technology that's just sitting in your shoe and your at risk or have some other mark like I don't know who gets it we don't know right but now we can identify this before you start identifying other signs of neurological innovation you're not you're not feeling the loss of mental clarity you're not seeing some of the early signs right but they can see that marker happen earlier now we can step in an intervene prior to you actually having observable changes by just that that's a biomarker that's a biomarker of muscle quality so definitely the new and I typically think we're looking at now true function right okay super interesting that's out there now whether or not their technology fully works or look at that's actually yeah it's a point of going after right you have other companies that are there you do something like that then you have another form over biomarker like what you and I do right we'll take hundreds of blood biomarkers in this I typically will further them as blood biomarkers or probably more appropriately molecular biomarkers and we're looking at everything from a combination of actual enzymes to metabolites to full proteins any number of things we're looking in there right and we're trying to gauge and I'm putting words in your mouth here what you do for your job you're trying to gain a gauge a stage of like what is signal what is response right what is the what is the actual cause what is the symptom right and there's all these things right what is the dysfunction what is the response and this is like way more tricky than to saying you're testosterone's low therefore your it needs to go up like hold on here we got to go upstream we got to go downstream and figure out again it's just a response it's this the cause if so why and then you're trying to really get an understanding what the physiology is doing because it is it is proactive and is responsive so you're moving up and down I'm going to come away off that here a second then I'll we'll come back we'll spend most of our time there but now we've talked about like a physical movement biomarker we've taken actual blood biomarker and now let's take another biomarker like how do you feel what yeah your subjective life experience is an incredibly power biomarker right how are you going through the world how are you experiencing thing is your back hurting are you low energy are you feeling like you're struggling to recover are you not you anymore you want to go back like you just don't feel like yourself anymore like all this stuff is a biomarker so when you say like what do you go after what do we look for it depends on what are we looking for fundamentally go all the way back to a science principle called first principles strip this whole thing down and just start asking questions along the way to we can no longer get past an assumption we feel like as a hundred percent no I think of this in handflow is number one step one is there has to be some assessment okay I got to have some data on you if those data are how do you feel today if it's that and your waste or conference great if we go the all with the end of that and we've got 500 biomarkers we've got stool urine saliva I know how you walk I've done a springbock analysis on you are you from a springbock oh my god oh right this one down please let me tell you a whole bunch of about springbock when we're done here springbock allows you to run a full MRI scan but not for cancer detection for muscle analysis and so you actually get a 3D movable analysis of the volume of every muscle on your body so I can look directly and go okay great your left feel your left quad best slaughterhouse the outside leg muscle is 12 percent larger than your right side now that's just size side function doesn't talk about function or quality but now we've but it's another piece of the pie like what if I could visually physically see every muscle on your body now I can in a 20 minute scan so it's springbock available you know totally I mean well we do full body MRIs but we do it for a fast flitor we do it for cancer detection we look for physical injury but we don't look what is the the accuracy it's it's dialed okay there's MRIs I'm pretty good yeah yeah you could take those things right so you imagine now you're stacking these things together and you're going okay great it's seen the blood but it looks fine nothing popped out there right gate looks totally normal functionality why is it what we're struggling to return why is this needs to hurting okay now we run through three walk analysis we're going okay well maybe we're saying is giant asymmetry in muscle side now I don't know what giant asymmetry means or not so asymmetry's normal like there's a top things a little about that right like I don't know or maybe it's the opposite maybe we see a 15 percent difference in your quad size left to right but there's no pain there's no dysfunction okay great right hmm it's not there and then we're going into now we're going to your sleep and we're looking and so my point is we start talking biomarks it's like what problem are we solving and ideally step number one is assessment we have to get some sort of data on you is nuts is that all stuff could be or as simple as how you feeling how you're energy you know how you're poops today like like what is it was going to be okay step number two now we have to be able to contextualize that you call that assessment right is that good better great all those things right so okay doc my testosterone's low is it according to what according to who we have a full conversation now to talk about reference ranges for things like blood markers yeah yikesies right holy Toledo we could talk the entire time about that like compared to who correct high compared to what low what do you mean outside of what reference range like based on a population of who all this stuff we could go into all this but we have to understand how my contextualize in that front piece right I we talked about it from the spring back okay you're a symmetry but what what is normal even mean how much is okay part number one is easy on ending technological growth on number one you can pick any metric of health in human performance you want and there is a great technology and there's even more coming part two is a problem part two is a real problem right I don't know um if you don't really understand how to interpret blood work we can't get this if you don't really understand how to truly analyze sleep you're gonna have problems if you don't really understand and you could okay we don't have databases of super healthy people this is a huge huge problem for all of us we do not for sure not the pander to the audience here but we for sure do not have good data on healthy women I can scrape together like in a lot of areas like what a normal healthy 40 year old dude should look like you go into women and now you go into anything between pre post childbirth no idea like there there's a different difference between a 35 year old woman who's had children and 35 that is not okay right now we get into all of their challenges which is where you thought I was going right you go into menopause right like this is just a Darth like we're in dead space right now right we might as well be in a middle of a black soul like we're really fundamentally we we we we we we're in a black hole right now yeah we got nothing here right then you got to go to the next step which is okay we've determined we've made our best guest based on your clinical experience based on your intuition based on the data that is available based on okay we have some data on men at that same age then we have some animal studies like you're doing the best you can because people need action now with that's practice right that's evidence based that's okay the next step though is going all right how do I get that corrected what's my actual action and now we're still at an even bigger mystery right because now we're going well I don't even know if they're not updated on if that was good band great and there's definitely not intervention data then what do I do how do I solve it right and so now you're leaning on people again with their experience and intuition and you're making your best sort of guests there that is is the the stepping stone that we have to walk through this entire path on right so getting into the dark so we could go up and down this is anyway you want we could maybe spend time on one one in particular once dollar something like that but that is really the full picture trying to assess how do we actually use this information to make my world better and the way that this is all packaged the last thing I'll say here that is all under umbrella population and that sucks for you right because I need to know what works for me I do not care if something works in the population level that's a great start but science doesn't really give you answers on the personal level very often it almost always gives you answers on the population level right this is most likely to work the best in most people and that's super helpful that tells you very little information about you and so we have to be able to approach this whether you're intervening on your own behalf whether you're working with somebody like you or great doctor doesn't matter we have to be able to go from okay great that's where the science took us as far now how do I figure out in my system in my approach how I collect my own data make sense of that whether I know that that's good bad terrible for me and then what is going to work for me that's the gap we've got to close we have to help people understand how do I figure that out for me personally the science is what it is but gotta help people get that last last level of individualizing personalizing however you want to call this precision iteration precision recovery precision training for me that's the problem you've got to get to I want to ask this question but I do want to talk about myocines and so we need to deal with just because it's not discussed enough these markers maybe even three-metallic histidine things but before I do I'm gonna throw this out there because actually you taught me about this we were at a nutrition conference for special operations do you remember we were in San Diego oh yeah yeah it was for it was a lot of the nutritionists that worked with and worked with the same socks yeah you sock joint special operations command dev group those kinds of individuals digital twin oh yeah is that where the digital twin potentially comes into play and my listeners don't know about digital twin maybe they're smarter than me maybe they know about it but most don't I just learned about this great there the digital twin is imagine we can take your physiology uh your genotuck to phenotype so who you are at the genotuck level all the way to how that is physically expressed how tall you are how you feel but bloodbomb art you have and we could digitize that and now with that we could run endless simulations on you and predict how well you're going to respond and what ways to any intervention and big any combination of interventions so you did this for your sleep routine this is your self-imensia you run that whole thing and we would see what will happen with your physiology as a result of that that human digital twin thing has been going on since the 1960s and now started off at NASA after their Apollo mission that got all screwy and they basically said here's a new standard any physical machine we sent up this space has to have a digital twin made of it so if anything goes wrong in space we can run simulations on a cure digitally and I have to rebuild it physically identify the problem know what the best solution will be for our crew up there and then tell them exactly what to do that then just got extended in the 1990s or so to the human made sense right how could we start digitizing and so the first things started to come on hard were like the heart so being able to run a digital twin of your heart and identify which surgical intervention is going to be best for you and your particular case right using that information there's a couple of groups that are working on the physical brain and that's getting close just physically not cognition not emotions not memories not like that's a very deep problem to get to the soft and hard problem of consciousness like that is way way we are not there yet no but just like a physical brain pretty close lungs and kidneys are very close as well those are not and so much as I was like they're basically here you're talking about like third step clinical trials now at this point running some last little things but and technology and cost and stuff but it's really really quite quite here the stuff that's been worked on for the last decade or so and you'll fit do you find it if you're just going to PubMed yeah I have a digital twin you'll start it seeing these old ways right this is not like a fringe thing you'll see human digital twin for the immune system and that gets really really challenging we're not close to that yet but that is hard because as you know they like I can go in and pull out your renal system I can go in and pull out your vascus system I can go in and pull out your pulmonary system I can't pull out your immune system it's everything it's in every cell of your body like it's all over there right so figuring that thing out mapping that is really really challenging but there's other stuff we can get to so we actually like the read one of the reasons I'm here in Houston right now is tomorrow we have a special little conference thing going on we just actually finished our first round of our human digital twin project is myself and a bunch of other companies so our sleep company our blood work company and a bunch of other companies came through and said okay what if you run all these analyses on somebody created digital twin of them then put them through advanced protocols based on their response and then test them at the end and that's the actual project that we completed with the handful of the NASA teams and other stuff space acts like some other groups that are combined on that one so we put a lot of stuff together pilot study learned a lot from it but but really impressive there's a bigger conversation about like some other things going on but the the the reality of that step number one I can talk about assessment it's just getting better and getting really good so I don't know who we're comparing to like I don't know any of the things but the ability to take your physiology and upload it it's just not a if anymore like it's effectively here being able to run digital twins on your own self and you be able to put them through like there's actually a group called Svexa is out of they're in the bay area but it's like silicon valley exercise something or other group they were able to they can take very little limited amount of data and basically tell you how you're going to predict in any performance marker anytime down the road I mean that's pretty extraordinary yeah what stunning accuracy are they I think that they did this for the Chicago marathon and the group of people that they did it with they were within like six seconds of the marathon performance do you think there's a space where we could say okay from you know in my brain that is the practical aspect would this give us a sense of where someone and again recognizing the limitations of the subjective question of feeling better let's say we have a woman and we have already these things or we give her this number this amount of testosterone and then she feels we give her I don't know 50 milligrams of testosterone this week it causes her free testosterone to go to a hundred and she feels amazing just make it up with amazing accuracy versus we give you 20 milligrams of testosterone you might see a free testosterone of 15 because that's kind of the human variability there's again I understand it's not the intercellular amount yeah yeah yeah I mean the fact the matter is why people who listen to this will really care is you just saved years of experimenting years trial and error because and you save when this is going to be ready you're going to save massive side effects so we give you the 50 megs of tests and I'll also now you're crazy and you lose all your hair or whatever and you get acne yeah yeah it's all you can maybe testosterone wasn't the right choice for you maybe we had to figure out a way to lower your sex hormone binding glob and or whatever it is yep right so the issue is there's many issues with the stuff to balance the conversation because like I want you to get side of it not too excited I was very excited the balance is always still remember it's only it's good to stay to end so what data did you collect to begin with right okay that that's you have to be really careful of that then number two it's only operating on the information it has so like if it doesn't have any information about your mental health and like it's not going to have you able to predict that has no idea right so you have to have a more comprehensive this is why when you have practices like your medical practice this is why you have the success you have right because you're a tech you're looking at every part of this this program right everything holistically yeah everything holistically right ours is the same with our coaching practice right like you have to do it this way I think at this point in order to move the needle you're only in a meaningful way for people has to be all in companies all you have to be stool all of it you have to live a genetics everything yeah if not like what the way that we phrase it is we're looking for performance anchors what is that mean what is an anchor that is holding down your performance I didn't say sport your performance again you define how you look feel and what performance you right so we've we've coached hundreds of non-apples hundreds of them right okay you tell me the terms I'm still looking for that anchor what's that thing holding you back maybe for you it is your testosterone totally great I don't do that I don't give hormones I'm not a real doctor like you I'm saying that person to you okay great I'm really getting a hormone therapy like you go to them not what I do we're gonna come back and say okay your biggest thing though however is maybe maybe something small I'm trying to think of examples that I've had like the last couple weeks that maybe it's the fact that like you don't have a consistent daily schedule You have a variability of three or four hours today all I do is change that and I'll also watch your testosterone rise that's exactly what happened in this guy right okay great got them up there perfect other ones it is like hey you need really a very specific protocol for six months we have to have this combination of breath work got to get you down regulated I mean to change the time of day you're working out and not getting some exposure we need these specific nutrients like in getting very very very complicated for some people because you end up in a circle right where it's like a little bit of bad sleep a little bit worse nutrition choices a little bit worse nutrition choices a little bit less energy a little bit less energy a little more stimulus a little more stimulants a little bit worse sleep you got to break the cycle right you can't just come in and give them testosterone you can and then they're gonna feel great and they're gonna quit that and then they're gonna come see me you because they're gonna be like I feel horrible yeah that's what happens right so you have to approach what is that real anchor what is the most severe lens you have what is the lint pen the log jam like however you want to think about what is the thing that is dragging and what the tip I'll give you here is it's not the thing that's dragging necessarily like just your performance down so it's not always one to one meaning like I have low energy there for it's an energy issue maybe not like really maybe not at all or not recovering like I did it's somewhere maybe not it is what is what is putting the most constrained your physiology physiology will only operate the level that it is constrained you have to figure out what is constrained that that physiology then get out of it the way right and then watch all the other peripheral things just take off because physiology is physiology it's all just one big soup in the same pot right so it's not like you can mess with one of the ingredients and expect the other thing not to mess with so look at the entire pot and then go you know this is the area even if you don't think you care let me give you like a direct example so people don't think it's gonna be like you're not strength training at all okay great yeah but I don't really care about that I only get bigger bulky I don't need to put a mask like I really just care about my mental health okay great I've seen that mental does not just strength training right we're not saying that but if we look at your entire panel and go yeah but here's what you're not just appreciating all and then we could go on and I'll make a read your book right they got a read your book and they realize all the physiology that goes behind high quality muscle and then we can show them we can show them the papers and this is what we do like we we present like the people that work that they get presentations of the science of their physiology right this is what's going on this is why and so then when we look at your labs A is low and B is low and D is low and D is low right and then we look at your sleep all these things are connected back in your case to your lack of muscle when we think we we correct this problem this is gonna go up and then you're gonna get the thing you want oh that's what I mean when I say what's constraining the physiology is not just the oh your testosterone is low it needs to go up maybe maybe not oh your insulin's down hold on here if we do not treat one to one like do not I don't treat anybody I'm not a doctor but we don't coach one to one it's not just like oh my sleep sleep slowly got to go sleep more maybe why's it low let's fix that problem and then watch everything else correct so do you think with um the client tell you guys are working with there's there is one overarching I understand everyone is there energy like energy like energy is probably even like with our pro athletes with our executives like I would say then probably the biggest one we get is fatigue you think about it it's like either fatigue or slash energy so I can't train as hard as I used to I get tired sooner slash like physically I'm sleepy throughout the day like I don't have energy used to have I don't have the vigor the like the go after it's as much anymore like if we collectively call that energy I said that is the biggest collective thing we've had and do you find that in terms of the cause I understand the cause is different but do you think I mean again sleep apnea's huge you sleep apnea also environmental yeah toxins in the house in the room for sure do you find that there are top three yeah issues that's that is pushing the fatigue or and or lack of energy yeah so we kind of have like a um we triage we we walk most likely most common all the way down to more likely something like an environmental toxin important but that is down on our list of like we're not getting there till the end most like because we're going to start with the most of what if you're fatigue the most the number one place we're starting is your sleep if you don't have energy you feel tired make sense make sense right we're going to exhaust that and if you're a parent forget it if young children just forget it caffeinate okay I got to say yeah all right okay so we're starting off a sleep right uh there's some insane number of people in the world okay I don't want to go too far down here but here's the reality your practice medical practice we talked about blood biomarkers being poor reference ranges look at the sleep ones there are fucking disaster okay total okay you mean from a um if you're pretty happy I tell you here's what sleep testing looks like imagine you're you get into a snowmobile accident and your knee is totally trashed and you're like oh my gosh your knee is pointing the wrong direction it is sideways you're in screaming pain and you go into a hospital and they take an x-ray and they go well Dr. Lyon the nothing broken here it looks like your knees find like yeah but it's pointing the wrong direction and I can't move it but nothing's broken so you're fine that's what sleep testing is right now it is an x-ray if you officially have one of two or three things at a certain cut off you will be told you have sleep apnea you have some other clinical sleep disorder below that though you'll be told not your sleep sleep is fine and like okay great well my ACL PCLNM cell are all torn off the bone but you only looked at the bone structure themselves you got there if you go get a sleep test done at a almost any sleep lab you have that in addition you're going into a lab you're sleeping for a couple of nights in a very weird scenario I don't even need to explain to you you're putting wires all your head and face like this is total out of nonsense right you're not getting that there's an litany of subclinical any like it don't officially have sleep apnea but you are suboptimal extremely deficient that can be explaining all of your fatigue all of right like there are things that are benign or things that people think are benign that are absolutely not snoring snoring is not normal no you should not be snoring I'm not saying you have a sleep disorder because you're snoring but if you are like yo can you're part in or who you from the other room most nights are often yeah like that is ding ding ding ding ding like red bell that is suboptimal sleep every day yeah regardless of what comes back on your one day is the question if you're waking up more than once per night for most people ding ding ding ding ding ding ding like that should not be having less is because your three-year-old is running upstairs like if it's under your control it's milk or needs water sure the other one yeah all of them right all of them last night was a mom dad I have a question what um no go back to you but it's a really quick question that's my just-torn for you that's what funny um condinos are you me no but dinosaurs are staying time yeah yeah but go back to your home okay did he come back course he did goes back to his room five minutes later on you know is it playtime no it is not it's a love in pocket night you should be fully this is three forty or something like that I like to you would have a little bit longer would have let this one slide we would have just got up but this is too early go back to that but yeah outside of that so there are lots of things that are like people are like oh I guess it is normal um and it's feeling like I'm just pretty tired all day like well I guess I am fifty now no no no no no right like these are all things people just assume of like oh it's because I don't have this like giant sleep issue that you think your sleep is just like normal I'm just a bad sleeper man we have analyzed a lot of people sleep and we are really yet to find anybody who's just a bad sleeper I love that because that means you can fix it yeah you're sleeping poorly for a reason you haven't found it yet but because you've also probably done very little about it um you've maybe in fact some of these people have had two three four five sleep studies I'm like well you're still doing the same x-ray you have to get better analysis of what's actually how and you you've created that yeah I mean this is obviously we have our technology at my company which is absolutely rest yeah that's that's one but um generally sleep assessments are going to look at how you're sleeping so let's say like my company is this is not meant that all of you have applied for my company do do do every one our company sold out any nice good luck I really do want to see this one that doesn't matter about my company so I'm trying to be as helpful to you as well thank you yeah if you want to pay attention to something like this you have to step number one it's like we talked about assessment what's that you have to figure out how you're sleeping okay if you have some sort of sleep tracker that's going to tell you how you're sleeping now I could go on and on about why they are bad while I think sleep staging is terrible do not pay attention to how many minutes you spent in deep why why I actually agree with you why yeah a lot of reasons number one on the small level most trackers are at best like 85 to 90 percent accurate sleep staging so for a lot of people that's actually good enough okay fine I give you a rough idea of plus or minus okay however bigger problems with that number two what makes you think that we know exactly how many minutes need stay you should be at because do not have normal data in these different situations but number three you're not asking your brain and body to do the same thing every day why are you asking and then to have the same sleep it should not right if you spend an entire day podcasting versus an entire day running up a mountain you should not expect the same sleep staging that night it should not happen so in one of those nights you turn on you like oh my gosh my deep sleeps down 20 minutes it should be because then it's prioritizing other phases of your sleep deep is not just better REM is not just better light sleep is not bad fourth those stages I just laid out don't even exist those are arbitrary and made up and the line that makes something officially deep or non-deeper and one to changes these things have been restructured over time right and probably will continue to be they will for sure fifth on top of all this this is all based on a system of assessing sleep called polysomography pst that's the gold standard I think it's all garbage in fact I will put my stamp on this one 10 years from now I don't think people will do anymore it's like it's fading out of the look at the look of the sleep scientists the sleep researchers these folks that are in these labs like pst is going by the wayside there are much much much better ways to look at your sleep quality if you're just looking at things like timing did you go to sleep the rough at the same time which is very very very important fine your sleep track or pst is fine if you want to just look at total duration it's important it's not the most important thing though it's okay these are things are fine but if you're really trying to figure out like you're sipping and you sleep quality and you're trying to understand what's actually happening there like pst is it's okay right it's okay but it's not I'll put it this way when I have six hundred million dollars athletes like we have we're not using pst like that alone should tell you like when we have one limited funds that's not what we're doing when I'm sticking wires all over your head and like doing that for one or two nights there are much better ways that we can go after these things so all of that just tells you how you're sleeping so throw my company out the window don't use abs at rest at all you got a contact us yeah no but I'm to saying like it doesn't matter pick pick your you're wearable pick your tracker that you have great and let's just say everything it just says doesn't matter and it's good enough for what you have because again it really is good enough for a lot of people they've like really $200 is the limit you've got on your budget okay I like you can get some reasonable stuff but that's number one that is how you're sleeping you gotta go the next step which is why are you sleeping that way you're not gonna solve anything and none of your trackers tell you any information about why are you sleeping that way that's why people don't get solutions that's why every time I go to conferences or I talk I maybe did this then that if you ever seem to speak I ask like how many of you are asleep studying done a lot of hands go up how many of you have ever found you value out of it down well I don't know we see it ton of major sleep out now from head injury oh yeah you're going to see that right and then they usually get told seep out which is like hey we are all for or trans magnetic simulation other things they're better yeah yeah yeah I'm having you know me and it fell guys get told to wear a seatbelt all of them and you how many actually you wear it you're all there exactly I'm like it's not gonna work right people rip them off like this all kinds of problems that really not against it like tremendous tremendous solution for a lot of people it saves life like changes life yeah first of all it's not about that but it's why okay why you're sleeping you've got to expand past the fact you just have obstructive sleep out of the if that is the case for sure yeah if I go after but you want to think about this in a couple of different buckets you mentioned environment mm-hmm they're environmental factors physically going into I'm not talking about like to sleep hygiene stuff like how light are talking about it's your two pollutants in the room yeah and or collagen of allergens like all kinds of stuff like that in the room all these things that are happening there number two is it actually pathology do you legitimately have a sleep disorder right okay like that could be happening but that's only one of our four number three is it behavior are you doing something are you doing many of the obvious things one should not be doing you had caffeine late you did oh is there something wrong yeah right before Ben yeah well not if you're parent because you're such a different patient you forget it fall right it anyways um are you doing really high intensity training really late at night right are you like doing many of the things like pretty obviously should be you having giant meals right before you fall asleep right okay and then the last one the fourth one is physiological so is there actually something in your physiology that's doing this so like are you not creating enough serotonin or melatonin is something off uh obviously a cortisol curve is like the most classic thing here right but it is way more interesting than that micronutrients vitamins minerals like all this stuff can be now laying the foundation of really what's happening any of this um what I didn't actually put on that list but I actually part of it is it's psychological as well right and there's clearly PTSD trauma anxiety depression like all lot of this stuff going on so how you solve your sleep issues is you try to look for that performance anchor if this thing is in psychology I don't give a rats crap what melatonin you take like not gonna matter right not we're not solving any issues if if this is really a brain injury I don't care what breath work you do I will help but like you okay great like you need like like h bond or tons of other stuff going on right and so it is about coming back and saying finding out how you slept that's just the starter journey if you can find out how you're sleeping specifically though now knowing where to start with our solutions is really precise like that's why people let up so rest of crushed it so much because we don't have to guess anymore about well I don't like it could be this and this and we have to give you 600 things to go do and try because we have the most advanced analysis of how you're actually sleeping we now have the most direct pipeline to exactly what to do so we can just go after people with lasers and just juggernaut the the big thing that's coming after him and an overwhelming and just like go after problems so um it sometimes it's really a lot of times hopefully it's really easy cheap scalable solutions like that's that's by far the most if we can we like to start with inactive solutions like if it is something to do with the environment and we can open up a window you didn't do anything that's an inactive one right if if we can do something if we then have to progress to pat to active ones like from those passive ones and you have to have to change your behavior activity we will but obviously hey if we can start with something that you don't have to do much and we can win like that's that's where we're gonna go for sure but eventually sometimes it's like hey you're not to change your behavior here hopefully we can but if not we'll work backwards right we work with people that run companies all over the worlds and like they it's like hey I can't just have you going to bed at nine o'clock yeah that's not gonna happen right okay great how do you help me within that then that's when we start getting really tricky and dialing stuff up a little bit but that's gonna be really specific to that person and that brings me a little bit to muscle because everything yeah curse back to muscle we're muscle people yes we are so I have a couple questions there and then I do want to circle back to this biomarkers oh yeah yeah because I have to say I don't know if you know this but you were the one that turned me on to a benti paterson's work in Copenhagen who really looked at myocines and yep again I don't know if we know the amount of training that's going to release x amount of myocines but before we get to this let's close out sleep okay there is evidence to support the training can offset lack of sleep would you agree that no okay good tell me it would all be pedantic here it would depend on when you mean by offset and it would depend on what type so like clearly what you're not saying is like hey as long as you live today and you sleep an hour tomorrow you're fine like that's not what you're saying no at all clearly it's is some level of like well how much and by what could you manipulate some markers yeah would you totally ameliorate the issue I don't think so I think the most proper interpretation I know actually what papers you kind of refering to but there's probably something you've read I haven't I'm sure link actually I think the most appropriate interpretation is if you had a bad night asleep and you train the next day that's a really good decision right even if you're tired don't feel like we're not talking about hitting PRs but actually getting after it in a meaningful way I just didn't want people to interpret that the opposite hmm which is to go hey I lift I don't obviously just because you lift whites in the gym a few times a week you're not good to continue with your shitty sleep behaviors didn't want that interpretation so I started a little bit with like a catch the attention but yeah like it's very it's exercise in general for sure we'll do it but strength training has really bigger strength training but really strength training will have some special benefit there so I will absolutely say like let's say tomorrow tomorrow our meeting starts at 7 I think which is Texas time which is two hours out of my time right here so that's maybe five time there is a 1000% chance I'll be lifting the mark more and that's going to be a very early wake up call yeah great don't want to go around at all one thousand percent's gonna do I could sleep in and just go for some additional drugs in the morning go to more coffee things like that's what just come down I actually packed you you know great you're not your doctor you can do that stuff I'm not but just talking about caffeine people and that's that's going to strictly be for me going I need to be productive tomorrow and I can go 45 minutes extra I will legitimately not only like psychologically but actually very physiologically be in a better spot tomorrow so that will happen I'm tired too I don't I don't like waking up I'd rather not I'm not one of those people like ours people like no I would definitely rather sleep but I know because I have to be on tomorrow I will do that it's been a really rough run lately but it's gonna happen right like you're you're gonna get it out to the end depending on what time we finish tonight I might probably do something tonight as well just just to move through there so I think if you're positioning your statement that way it's as as I say like again if you've had done something and for whatever reason within or outside of your control that where you got so well mostly even if it's acute or even mildly chronic a few days weeks something like that strength training will be a really good choice that next day just to get something through there but I wouldn't want one to use it as an excuse to continue with poor behaviors do you think it matters the lower that you're lifting could it be because again it's the stimulus could it be a lighter weight more reps doesn't need to be I would say don't let the enemy be with the the don't let good be the enemy a perfect here fair get what you can and this is interesting from a muscle physiologist because we know that there's different adaptations physiological adaptations if you're lifting heavy versus if you're lifting light not just above and beyond high particular yeah you also got to be a human that's right it got to be a real person right I think one of the reasons also when people ask me questions on podcasts about like protocols and stuff in different actual interventions I rarely give straight answers I'm always just like long winded going back it's difficult why and it's difficult because when you ask a question like that my brain scanned the people I work with just this week right I went okay all right starting quarterback NFL coming off injury guy playing in the masters this weekend I can golfer a bunch of our non-affait clients focus we just like just need basic workout programs up another one running a billion dollar hedge fund okay great my brain scan that just this week right and I went that's not the same answer for all these so I can't in in my real honest effort to like really try to give all of you listening I don't know who you are so I'm trying to give an answer where I don't mislead some of you I don't want to put some of you in a wrong position because I'm only thinking of this myopic avatar in my head of who you are listening I think some of you are probably running a bunch of companies some of you are probably MDs some of you are probably traveling a ton definitely some moms out there definitely some guys trying to get jacked like And I got to try to have an answer that is accurate for all of you and I appreciate that because it's It's specific it's hard even high-purturing protocols. Yeah, you could say yeah, you know whether it's a three by five or or etc. Yeah, but there is a whole spectrum of what can work most stuff like muscle clock jeans oh yeah Talk to me about that some data has kind of changed over the years. Yeah, I really got a huge I remember when I was in fellowship I think one of the first papers had come out and this is at Wash U out of Sam blinds lab 2015 but since that time to where we are now What do we know about this is really good muscle clock jeans and is there any relevance for application to us okay I'm gonna put my foot in my mouth on this abog But I don't mind right like science is the act of being wrong mostly Right, that's really what it is generally gonna be more wrong than you are right I don't see any utility in them right now at all From like a practice we use um now muscle clock jeans get let let this again set the stage a little bit if you think about we're trying to get an assessment Overall quality and functionality right if you think about like biological age Some idea chronological age okay, so we're saying this chronological year 32 68 whatever okay great With these market we're trying to figure out like you have a like how long you're going to live in the world Not every 35 year old 55 year olds is same right So biological age phenotypical age various calculators there's a bunch of them I think these classic like nine hallmarks of aging Probably in your book right and then you have the nine in there. I mean we have certain things But you pull some yes, great Okay, and they're a little bit different they're telling a little bit different values and they're all like okay Now there's some that I really strongly just like Happy to like call them out by name if you want or not and by the way you guys can pull up this paper It's a hallmark paper and it discusses the nine hallmarks of aging I think they've added two more you definitely but sure you guys can google it. It's very padmed We'll link it amazing So what we're trying to get to with this one is like okay now can we break this down more specifically to muscle And if I just look at how much muscle mass you have on a population level this will be pretty telling Roughly telling right now if I compare muscle mass to muscle strength Now muscle strength is way more telling the muscle size Translation if you were to take 60,000 people or 600,000 it doesn't matter randomly Those that have more muscle mass are generally going to be healthier and those that don't have as much amount If you factor in body fat right things like that okay fair all right great now All right, okay also strength has to these people what you would find is Their data on their strength Would tell you more about their overall health and their data on just their muscle size So what we generally will say is muscle size is important. I'm a muscle functionality Muscle quality is More important than just muscle size from an aging perspective right from a longevity from a functionality from almost every sporting perspective So almost across the board how your muscles functions Generally more important unless one of these is severely off the train So if you're really under muscle I don't really care how strong you are this is going to be having a problem eventually If you're really really under muscle right so unless you're way off the spec talking about it Southopenia or even cacaxia definitely frailty there was actually a paper that came out today This was like a tongue and cheek here, but it was a it was cool They looked at calf circumference and they were the fine that calf circumference and this was elderly people in the hospital We're able to predict some percentage of prognosis right and I was just like yep like What we've been saying for decades like small cast is not only embarrassing but steadily Yeah But the point is like you can actually get a pretty good assessment of people from that on these population levels But functionality is typically more important The next level than below that is saying okay Can we do liquid biopsy somehow? Can we get a blood marker from somebody and predict their muscle quality? Why? Because when we get muscle quality per se I have to have a functionality test. What do you have to come in? I have to have a lab We have technique issues. Do we have warm up issues? Do we have knee injury issues? How are we gonna get this done? Is one of my testing is how you understand it? Is it okay? These are easy problems to solve but like It's still it is some barrier yeah to training to execution Okay, what about imaging? So I want to see the muscle quality itself well, that's an MRI that's really expensive and who Try to see we know one radiation or decks that which is not that great. I'm not a huge fan No, you're not gonna get much information from that or ultrasound okay still you like how hard you press and this is really really challenging time Expans again not unsalable problems at whole But issue so because I can be good easier can we pull something out of your blood And are there any markers in there and this is what you and I've been Or I feel like 10 years I'm not going after right and this is why the mild kinds of side all kinds come up and this is where the Our phenol games Project is is like why we done that project and like there's tons of stuff There's not one particular marker but even with The muscle clock you're sort of like thinking okay like can I they're just different ways to try to go after this problem right? What we're trying to do is identify lot less healthy muscle Versus more healthy muscle right so then we can intervene before things get nasty or These know like be more convincing data or whatever we want to do or at least show people hey This is a problem and if you do not address this marker and again, we're picking a marker. Yeah, it's not the marker Right, but the the lack of muscle lack of healthy skeletal muscle is is more impactful than the gain in body fat over time outside Outside of like true pathology or infection You're gonna struggle this find more Like I'm I'm doing this live right now so I'm like looking not even out you because I'm thinking I just I don't know if you can find a marker that's gonna be more predictive of your global health Then that it's gonna be really challenging maybe one can argue mental health Okay, but that's also different that's not subjective Is it post you objective data of here is the marker? Yeah because Like obviously you and I are if we're gonna play a game with what's your favorite organ? Like can you know what you want to work at a pack right? Tell with your liver. Yeah, he's beat it up if comes back All right, do you want to know what I drink in the morning that is a little bit salty and gives me a huge pick me up Well, I'm gonna tell you and that is Elements chocolate element that's LMNT in my coffee. I brew a black cup of coffee with a shot of espresso And then I put a scoop of collagen and a little bit of MCT oil in it and one fourth a packet of Element chocolate sometimes I use chocolate mint I've also saved chocolate caramel. It's kind of this like chocolatey caramel Amazing so I get my caffeine I get some collagen for of course her skin and nails and I get electrolytes in my coffee sodium potassium magnesium all Amazing I have now created my own supercharged drink which you can to and by the way This is a different way to take element that's a little packet of Electrolites if you get headaches maybe you get headaches with your caffeine because you Dehydrate yourself or maybe you get headaches because you sweat a lot while training or maybe you just live in Texas where it's hot and so you definitely sweat a lot you definitely get headaches and this is why I love to add Electrolites to what I'm drinking and it can be coffee it can be water lately it's been coffee and it tastes amazing you can get yours at drink Element that's drink LMNT dot com you'll get a free sample pack when you use the code Dr. Lion and by the way if you don't like it it's totally risk free you'll get your money back No questions asked I love this stuff you will too This episode is brought to you by Maui Nui Venison Maui Nui Venison is one of the best finest Tasting red meets on the planet Maui Nui Venison is a mission-based food company we love it My kids love it especially their little jerky's by the way not only do they use them as swords but as snacks and listen That is a hard sell getting your kids to eat healthy Maui Nui Venison does an amazing job It is high in protein and low in fat which again depending on your macros is amazing and High in b vitamins on your and all of the micro nutrients vitamins and minerals that we need not only that You don't have to go anywhere it will come straight to your door. That's right go to Maui Nui Venison dot com For your first order you will get 20% off amazing who doesn't like to save money and the product is extraordinary Go to Maui Nui Venison dot com slash lion or not that kind L. Y. O. N and Try it you will love it back to the episode Yeah, I mean I think you're gonna have a hard time I mean I can't because you can you can you could pick like You go to the phalamus or something like that, but man, oh You recovery like you're your your physiological health Your immune system all these things are being regulated in large part by skeletal muscle is is Thousands times written in your book In addition to it's your interface with the world How you experience this life the the one on like I think I don't think this example is on our our grip strength paper, but Tommy would friend of ours and his his question It was first author of his paper a couple years ago But one of the stuff we've looked at a little bit of grip strength right and so people will look at like grip strength as a marker of aging and While in some part of that that is correlation right so people who are healthier older also tend to be stronger That's totally true, but there is also direct causality Here, there's there's absolutely 100% direct causality between your grip strength and your aging and if you think about this why People has asked me I'm like well, let's go a couple of steps back It's not difficult to imagine you not being able to carry things All right when you can't carry things you're less likely to go out in the world Why this becomes a problem is if you look at the research on like social sciences outside of our side And when the largest determinants upon when people were retire when they have major drops of mental health and when they will stop leaving their houses When they become a burden on society self perceived But people do not want to feel like they're slowing the whole ship down Quite literally if you know you are not going to be able to carry your groceries Through the thing you're not going to go to the grocery store Okay fine, I'll just do electronically order and I'll have it delivered my house. Why? Because it takes me forever. I can't carry my groceries. I can't get to that place I'm moving slowly can't load the line. Yeah, wait for me. I get really embarrassed I slow the whole thing down. I don't want to waste people's time because I'm just too old and slow. I can't get through that place So you order a grocery store house great fantastic Which means now you're never leaving your house you lack the physical activity anymore You're not holding these things anymore. So you just got weaker, but addition look at the social isolation You also have the mental burden of lack of purpose Right, so you start looking at those things and you feel like you are a drainage society You stop doing all this up the physical deterioration and then you have those other Really strong papers showing you fall off a cliff your physical health really falls off a cliff When you don't feel like you have a purpose in society Not good, right? Okay great same thing with your legs, right? You're not gonna go on a trip You're gonna skip the family vacation. You're not gonna go to the kids activity because you know that that place has stairs in it And they don't have an elevator not gonna go not gonna go you start opting out of things because you don't feel strong in your legs And you don't feel strong in your hands if you're on you know you have to take that tram because you're gonna really airport You have to take that tram to get to your car and you know that tram is really busy and you don't feel confident You can stand in there with your balance well that tram is going You're gonna opt out all these things right this place doesn't have a taxi service. I'm not gonna go You start doing that and then you have those second and tertiary problems That come with all that other side of healthings. So this is why we say like it is all physiology is Really a circle here These are the problems that associate that I mean doesn't mean you're not gonna have those issues if you're strong But you can just see just just avoid that trap. How strong does someone need to be so if we were to and I get a hell of a world record then you're off the team You know, I how we quantify so yes, there is grip strength You know basically what I'm hearing you say is grip strength leg strength and I'm sure Votemax matters to you Do we have a sense of An optimal grip strength as to hear me out here right so there are these charts That will say you should be able to back squat W bodyweight or bench press one and a half times your your bodyweight For grip strength or any of these are these markers Reliable in terms of optimization for or an aging population So what I would say is I probably wouldn't use those markers in that population because You're gonna run in a technical limitations right all the same you can Google and there are plenty of reference range papers out there They're open access and they'll break it down by Dominant hand non-dominant hand no break it down by age demographic so 4044 or 45 to 49 like etc men women right hand left hand all these things for something like grip strength and you can get a rough idea Whether you're gonna 20th percent 50th percent on 75% dollar or way or at kind of on that chart There's lots of papers that are open access like that so anyone could download those and find those You'll find same thing for leg strength yeah like extension like press of you two max Those three things are like very easy to do that um by the way one would do the same thing for your body composition So you mentioned earlier we very much differentiate the two major components if you want to call Bombinodensity a third like that's great pay attention to that if you dexa But if you don't do dexa and you have how much body fat do you have it's very very important of course Probably going to know though like right you're going to have a good sense if you have too much body fat And then the second component is how much lean muscle mass you have and we want to look at those things separately I want to know functionality Strong all those things, but I also need to see what's under the hood in terms of just total amounts so even if one is okay So you're in the 50th percent off for your grip strength 40th percent off for your leg strength, but we're seeing a fat free mass index of 12 All right, I don't care Fat free mass index not the best way ever to look at but like I see that on like that is off the reservation like you are weighed on there and you're 44 This is going to be a real challenge like we have got to put some stuff on there Because we know that that number is it's going to continue to decline Unless you really take interventions after So we want to look at all those things but but you're all those charts for the most part are going to be open access So you can take a look at and you could break it down that best so we have yeah It is the best so we have in his population level again is this is population level I struggle with it because it it you know the appendicular lean mass and I yeah, I don't know So that one okay, appendicular lean mass is interesting What you're looking at is dependencies, right? So basically saying if we look at how much muscle mass you have on your arms and likes And I make sense those are the things again that are you're going to interact with the world but think about it My appendicular lean mass is going to be a lot smaller and yours Yeah, yeah, but like you have like mostly things are in account for body size I want to imagine you'd be at least average if not above average because you have it you're small physically, but you haven't Right, you hear that I'm just you're pretty good. I saw you doing Some one on rose it was legit I think it's I think it texted you and I was like dude that's legit. You're like I was like no that was like the jitter What you're doing it was like real number It was good not bad for a non athletic real person yeah, but whatever But like that would be situation with like okay if you're just came back a little below I'll you clear it on my knee add muscle Well, I because look at the other markers you would have Assuming like right and you just like okay everything else is checked out function out. He's there be able to max is there When when my body comes is okay like you're fine I'm always gonna support people getting more jacked like always but at some point they probably should get would it be fair to say that individuals should put on As much healthy muscle mass as they can while they are young Yeah, because I always like I'm always going to support that right now coming from someone who's like certainly not the most jacked You're never sitting this chair ever I aren't even close Yeah, like there's actually let me go back to There is there's kind of a line with Scott on a muscle. I ask a question about grips ring All right There is a line of muscle mass I'm gonna go the you shaped curve. Are you getting to that? I'm gonna I'll do that right now. I wasn't going to but There are idiots. I mean people That would have folks think yeah that too much muscle mass is the deleterious for you right and that's like so easily not true You will find published papers on this typically from M.Ds But we're not that bad. I was just taking a funny. Okay fair very clear data if you have insufficient muscle mass And you compare this to things like mortality risk survival risk all cause mortality It's just risk doesn't mean you're actually gonna die. I just like you're adding stacks to the deck right of like More risky you know it's 10% 20% 30% 80% percent Not taking into account metabolic dysregulation anything else Which comes with low muscle mass those are issues with insulin and glucose and All the other things all related to healthy skeletal muscle if you look at that What you'll generally see is if you're under muscle and you increase muscle Things get better My span goes up right and that is a pretty much a straight line and some people have published data And spoken about data incorrectly such that that line looks like a you meaning If you get like in the mail numbers. I don't know the female numbers. Sorry But it's something like a fat free mass index of ballpark like 20 or so It is when the line crosses so once you cross to a fat free mass index of 20 Getting any more muscle mass makes that line go back up again. So it's the you right so goes down decreasing Reist decreasing risk got the 20 now at the 21 22 23 now have increased the risk It's fundamentally not true. We published data on this in fact another one of our papers recently Showed that if you go into the national databases at which those things are pulled from you will find zero Correlation between the muscle mass and those populations and their physical activity history And I'll say that one more time No relationship between physical activity passed and muscle mass Which tells you those people did not under any circumstances a crew their muscle V-Elifting weights They accrued it most likely from just being bigger people right which is to say it is muscle But it is not high quality and healthy muscle what would define High quality healthy muscle versus Unhealthy non-functional as in it's not strong. I can't produce any function The classic visual image is is going to be marbled I mean you have fat infiltration in there right. You're going to have other by products Inflammatory responses sub optimal ones right typically sensitivity made at junior crucesters Horma all the ayababase gay every homolar receptor is either way dialed up or way dialed down right so insulin Anabolic estrogen is like all these things are typically off Bi products like basically every marker of healthy functionality mental conjury health Metabolic properties of them Damage like not always every case, but the guilt typically They're at that point yes So it's good back to say like I don't think that's true. However. I don't think there's a strong argument that once you and men get passed about 20 to 21 That getting any more Will exceedingly increase your health spell I think that papers off. I do think from 14 to 21 22 It helps going from 22 to 25 22 like 25 is a lot that's really big My muscle. I don't think any healthier I think at that point now we're looking at all their aspects of your health your metabolic health your Vue to max your lifestyle is your mental health like your sleep. Okay, great That's not the case though first rank That's not the case for Vue to max either. There are multiple Giant data sets you're talking about meta analyses on top of meta analyses one just came out like this week. It was some In saying number of papers It was some caramel was it was like 5,000 papers in this meta analyses If you look at Jonathan Myers work all the way back to Steven Blair's work in late 1980s early 1990s Typically we'll see no upper limit to benefit For leg strength grip strength or Vue to max Almost never that's a pretty big statement. It does not stop So if you are that's like we will say in our like coach-abraxx all the time like yo If you're Vue to max is great it's not good enough Why cuz like there's no number you could put on the way black that's good enough I mean for see yeah, I'm saying I'm just that's the number right so what you'll see is Those numbers don't tend to stop right and you'll actually see like in these papers The classic one That I'll that I always think of here is Jonathan's paper is actually from the VA Like there's like 750,000 people in this study 174,000 died Of course, it's study not because intervention, but you know, these are great. Yeah, so it's hard end points is the point I cool live who do not die Our who did and you see this is when you see these like classical morbidity stack up right so you see diabetes You see smoking you see corner or disease all stacked up against Vio to max Right and you're looking at like Those things are increasing has our ratios for all cause mortality of like 1.2 1.4 like that's not good right so You can kind of it's not how it works friends but like to be very quick It's like a 1.4 mean like a 40% increase in risk It doesn't mean like 40% chance you're gonna break like it's a So no no don't over interpret that but you stack the Vio to max numbers up and instead of being 1.4 It's like 2.6 3.8 5.2 like the numbers are that's Dwarfing yeah smoking they're dwarfing diabetes they're dwarfing Stacking those things together right these numbers get large and in that You go from Though so imagine what I think about this way is not what they did but I'm trying to help folks like collectively Understand what generally the researchers will say here so you take all sooner let's make an a million make numbers easy great Put a million people in this database and we say okay We're gonna break this into quartiles which means at top 250 thousand scores In the top group your group a the next 250 thousand scores group b You're in the 50th to 75%ile sort of works Bottom three 250 thousand in the C group I mean see that 25th there and in the bottom Not doing well friends Me neither the bottom 25%ile bottom 25%ile me 75%ile me 75%ile people are better than you So it means right all right awesome if you're in that bottom group It like you're if you go from the bottom group To the second highest group that's C group right you're still 30th percentile 70% of people are still higher than you You're talking about risk reductions of half You're cutting your risk of dying in half By going from just the terrible group to the still terrible but not as terrible group Like that's what you're really talking about you can pull different papers and you'll see different numbers But like you're getting the same general point Some break it into quintiles so you know 20% 20% 20% some do 25% so I'm doing quintile like They're they're all different things right different database different populations and numbers different But it's all generally gonna say the same thing if you go to the top though and you say great Let's stop the group at the 90th percentile Those are the 90th percentile and compare those to the 99th percentile you still see You still see wow less reduce in the 99th percentile and it does not stop and so even going from 90th to 99th percentile still Confers the survival advantage for bio to max and the same thing It has been shown in grip strength as well So there just appears to be no upper limit to benefit at the population level Like very clearly at the population level to continually getting stronger and I'm getting your bio to max higher and I mean that that's a really important statement this idea that Cardio respiratory fitness is Extremely important for overall health longevity Improving all literally saying there is almost outside of having an infection or actual Acute disease That there's just I can't make an argument for anything else being more important for how long you're going to live That well the controllable factors Nothing is gonna beat that and V02 max people are probably thinking endurance but There's multiple ways to increase your bio to max whether it's high intensity interval training We know that that's effective Now I've read a few papers. There's not that many and maybe there's more now the relationship between V02 max and skeletal muscle have you I mean so as a train jury tradition What we would look at is V02 max we looked at papers and data sets that really It seemed as if that the more healthy skeletal muscle mass they had the better their V02 max was okay So at some manipulation of math a little bit okay so view to max is measured in A metric of leaders per minute so how many leaders of oxygen can you bring in per minute? That's absolute the ultimax all right typically we talk about the ultimax expressed in a relative term Which means milliliters now we got from leaders to minutes so you got to do a little bit of in a conversion But as milliliters per kilogram per minute or minute and so by default bigger people Have a more skewed view to max negatively skewed than smaller people This is why like if you take an NFL player, I mean that like it's just a guy who's over 100 kilos You tend to like get a falsely a false sense of their bio to max being lower than it actually is because their body mass is being the denominator It's getting them smashed so it's actually not a linear if you look at like power lifting And weightlifting lumpy weightlifting you don't just see Like who's best lift or take your body weight and divide it or take your however much you lift it divided by your body weight They have to actually correct for it because it doesn't scale that way like a strong lift or Who's your size you know 70 60 kilos 50 kilos something like that you lifting double body weights not that hard but somebody who's a hundred kilos lifting double Body weight is really damn hot today. It scales that way so if you're to max plays a little bit of that same game Higher bigger people will get falsely represented a smaller view to max because everything is being divided by their body weight So if you're looking at relative you're gonna you're gonna loop like the math is gonna get you a little bit there In addition when you're smaller you're physically total body mass you're less likely to have There's a when you're smaller you're more likely to have a better body composition Just because it's hard to be 120 pounds and it'd be 50% body fat But you can do that at 280 pounds Pretty easily yeah, so it's really really hard so most likely smaller people are generally most likely leaner And those equations so your your misrepresent that misrepresent I'm glad I asked yeah It's so what you're saying is it's there's not a direct correlation between skeletal muscle mass or even healthy skeletal muscle mass and View two max performance. There is though they're it. Oh for sure there's a relationship. Okay. No question You will not see somebody or put this one if you go the inverse here You run a kind of actual you will not see somebody with a view to max of 75 with unhealthy muscle No way right because have you to max is too far to send from peripheral right it is the equation for that is your cardiac output It's cardiac output is too common it's your heart rate so how many times you can pump Multiply by your stroke volume how much blood comes out per pump Okay, that is heart that is cardio pulmonary I have to be able to get things in so this is where back size long size matters. I have to bring air in I got to get that oxygenated air cardio pulmonary and do my heart. I got to get that thing pumped out Okay, then the second half of the equation is a VO2 difference so it's a difference in oxygen between the arterial and vs side Which is basically saying how much can actually extract into skeletal muscle So if you have bad muscle low capillary density poor ability use it poor amount of cotinal function My no condular function. I'm you have a backup of Oxygenation so we start running after we have to kick over the anaerobic side then you're gonna struggle To handle that sort of the equation so it is two components to it and there is no Way to say you can have dysfunction in one side and still have a high total. It's half the equation it won't be there So you can be okay Just like you can have really great muscle and pork cardio pulmonary Because I can be okay You're the opposite but you can't have great and be terrible the equation same thing to say If you take somebody who's got to be able to max its low and If all you do is train their musculature you can see huge improvements in VO2 max if that muscle quality is really really really poor for that exact reason Right if it is an oxygenation I'm thinking about this way too Imagine going upstairs and if you're going upstairs by the time you get to the top you're like Huffin and puffin you're like 70 80 percent It's probably not because your cardiovascular system's unfit It's oftentimes because your legs are weak Why because every step now took 70 or 85% of your one-art max This caused such a large amount of muscle mass to contract it caused the large amount of energy production That you had to kick energetic demands of so high if you got your muscle super strong And now walking up those steps represent a 10 percent if your cardiovascular system didn't change at all You're now way more important fit that makes a lot of sense So really they're interrelated 100 percent of the equation you can't find like you could find an elite cyclist out there male or female They are not weak in their legs They typically don't jump very high Not powerful or springy or things like that they may not back squat very much But like if you put them on a Look at the watts that kick out on a bike You're gonna be like whoa she's like they're smashing out six hundred watts and you're like you I can't get that once They're they're not weak people at all it's just Excessive training and adaptation so it would only be who view Increased your muscle quality to increase your video to max it's only going to make life better And you will never get a really great score with that I can tell you like going back You know four hours ago when we were talking about performance actors That's one of the things we look at so when we have that's a reaction really good example when someone comes in We see that they're viewed to max super low. We're gonna all sudden just naturally only put them on Like a steady state endurance program or even high intensity animals We might look at that and go Yeah, we're not going to high intensity intervals especially if we have something else that's causing problems So if they are a hard charger right they're running companies They're in a job that has really like where the consequences matter like physicians or finance So folks were like hey maybe not working 90 hours you were conform 40 But every choice you make really matters all right great I'm probably don't want to throw you into high intensity intervals every day That's maybe not the best road for you especially when I'm looking at your sleep data And you're last 18 hours this time yeah, like you're over breathing your shot right Okay, I'm not going to do that to you but what your view to max is 26 Okay, great I'm gonna go out that a different way and And we may look at this thing and go okay, so to call cardio pulmonary issue who it's both suck then I'm probably starting with muscle I'm probably starting there and then I'm working my way backwards into it And I might get cardio pulmonary break breath work. I might get it with the sauna. I might get it with Walk I might get it with lowering a rousele like we got lots of ways we can play with the view to maxide equation That doesn't have to just be hard charge like go you know do four minutes of death Sort of thing yeah because you're just looking at physiology constraints There's a thousand ways to get there and I'm looking at it and going based on your other factors How kind of get you there? And that person with different situations scenario. I'm Michael. Yeah, oh, let's let's just go do this pool We're gonna train we're gonna run we're gonna do endurance work. Okay But depending on the person We're just looking for the physiology and what's I get the physiology? I'm going all right What are my different options one of my different tools to get there? So I run ever tied like a methodology or a protocol all that crap because I'm just like man Just think about the physiology What's challenged it apps What challenged adapts what's not doesn't So I'm looking at that is going okay, how what are my different options to make a challenge there? And if that means we're on putting a pool I mean we mean you're gonna hold your breath Means we're gonna go for a walk My mind would put you in hot or cold or whatever like I have different options there And then other folks are like like no you don't even Sonic it that's something that I just waste your money We need to go do this. Yeah, that's too easy for you Or whatever right like it's just it may be negative may put them in the wrong spot like maybe making a problem worse Exhaust for bathing, right? It's like we don't know no no no we're not doing that we're going over here So yeah, we have options I think that's very intelligent that there are multiple ways to push the boulder up the hell and it's not always the obvious in that way There's a lot of misinformation out there which I think Makes it very difficult to people from people to move forward I mean that's fair you right Should people do hyper speech training in fairness? I don't know if in this entire conversation I'm really given anybody who's listening like a lot of really helpful tips at this point and not saying that to be like self but to your point of like Lot of that was probably like okay. I don't know. I feel less confident about what to do and I would love Happy to switch like and Harley like give some specific examples I think background is important because there's a lot of discussion on VO2 Max and people go right to Well, how do we improve VO2 Max and and that's fine but You know a body composition you've talked a ton about that if you guys want to hear Andy talk about body composition you could find a million podcast and his own videos his own YouTube What do you think if you were to pick three things that people need to practically at home implement or three major I don't know myths that people are now doing or things that they're doing wrong and again I could be three it could be five but actionable items I know you're gonna say sleep Aside from sleep in terms of the health of their skeletal muscle very hard Very hard to do that well without a minimal viable protein intake I'm not sure have you read much about protein? No, okay. Is that a macronutrient? Yes, it's a new new Yeah, does it have amino acids in it? You have to have supply and I say minimal viable you can get away with You know you probably default to the gram of pound Minimum right you cut that in half okay you can get away with it maybe If you have to not worry when I start but It's not ideal always a ton of data out there that the lower protein and pigs are not ideal for body composition No, I'm gonna do that either Give me half away there Amelys halfway All right, let's let's start there if that's where we're starting. 0.7 grams per pound I don't want to say anybody that low but if we had to start at 0.6 One could make an argument at 0.6 I think There's not a co-gen argument below that No, there's just no and that's And you would lose the argument at 0.6 and you would lose it quickly but like there could be a Kind of low program thing but this is not one below that yeah That's that has to be there is like a if you don't get a ticket to the door Right, I'm not even talking about what game you get to play you didn't get the door right you know how that I don't like how it was if you don't have that basic substrate it's gonna be very difficult Not gonna happen right We have to have that I think secondarily on that How high would you go? Well, yeah, I mean, you know like there's really no A problem that you have to stay at that point it depends on context. Do we hear about total body size in terms of God or is like a lot of our athletes are in the way class space sports So we actually do limit protein Because we have to make way right we have to lose typically 15% of body mass or so So like even if we lose some muscle mass sometimes like that's a go because we have to hit that number one way or The other and any amount we don't lose on the way Has to happen in that last 36 hours and like that just just gets bad fast right So we would like a lot of our athletes. I'd say like we want to see Right or like even I think not athletes we Run around one gram per pound is pretty there and like We also Can't really not many people are tracking at that closely Once you figure out for you I was it as a track like crazy for two weeks Figure out what a gram or so looks for you great idea and stay at that and go higher great idea That's all we really need to do I can like to be totally honest with you I don't think a single one of our quarterbacks and then I felt Is weighing Like we don't have that we're not doing that the master's turn I do not We're not we're not doing that we get them to figure out what what's that roughly looked like for you So whether they really at like Point eight grant maybe some days surely some days But these guys are probably consuming a lot of calories getting carbohydrates and fats well again some of them are coming down Because you're like not lit a lot of calories because we've got 15% of body mass Oh, I'm talking about the NFL oh those yeah, but some of them have well so one that already secret series We have a lot of times and there's weights and contracts so we have to cut weight for those things So we can't just like eat an nauseam because there's like and that those are big fines too Those games we have to play there so some of them do some yeah and point is either I don't I think it's a two. I don't really care the most part. I do grab some prom like Totally fine there nothing detrimental there's some chatter on the internet about how going Above 1.6 grams per kg so 0.7 grams per kg is not gonna yes I know I know benefit benefit Mass like this is like We don't This is so like this is what you have to you have to have basic literacy of interpretation of context right? There's a difference between like had no benefit versus that was detrimental That's not the same thing right and also these people are have a higher percentage body weight Again, I'm just thinking about one particular study that you have to not die one one thing that I'll say on this before I were one in here Hopefully this is a practical tip it's very easy to make Is a marker or as a as a scientist or not it's very easy to take Anything from a study and Not make this sound high rewatt because like that can be done people know that but it's very easy to make a story out of it And I'm not saying like as a still honest interpretation of right I'll put this away If you take two scientists that work on the same paper together They won't necessarily interpret the same that's absolutely true So I'm not even saying like bad actors Right, I'm not going to let you people that are trustworthy and good people my friends people shows up Been on I will look at some of them like no way you're in a way like fully disagree with that right? Yeah, so it's then there is the whole of the lair's and the cheats in the front blah blah Okay fine, but just with in the good honest people Is really hard to do that and and the reason is when you take things like that you go okay Great what you don't know is the scientific background. I'm going yeah We'll a marker did look at and my lab actually think that I'm marker actually shows it a little bit high It's scientific evaluated, but I think that number is over estimates or I think it underestimates because I've seen this okay or it is Yeah, and that population would work but those people were untrained or those people were highly trained or those people were all At the point so you all this lays into it and if you're if you're skipping that part of the explanation Then it's like oh yeah, these things have shown to be bad. Well, no time out Like been shown to be Maybe not great or didn't have a neutral neutral thing In that situation in that context, right like that's always the best answer and so rather than my my tip here is really this because you're not gonna Figure that out like you listening home like you're not gonna figure out that level of context my tip is this pull back Pull way back when somebody has a social media posters on a podcast and that give a specific number Never take that number to heart Me like any number. I've just told you when I said gram of pound never take that number to heart But it's a great target guys. Yeah, it's just a reasonable target the reasonable target yeah and and zooming back and going okay So when I track myself and I realize that was that point four that's too low But don't get caught up on like well this paper showed pointing who cares that's outside The level of accuracy you live your day life anyways, so it gives a shit like who cares right like it's not it's not that's not the thing to pay attention What you want to look at it like it's a big global trends Looks to be a lot of different papers and this is why like I I hate talking about this particular point like with protein because I'm like oh my god like look at the well roundedness of the data Yes, look or the different Evidence that's what I mean like different popular The numbers don't care someone's found someone's studied 25 grams and I don't care what's it roughly saying? Okay clearly it's doing a B and C yeah, like I don't need any more data at this point like you can close the door And so like to me that conversation is actually over I Like I don't I can appreciate that to be totally candid when new papers on that come out. I don't read I go like the internet by the way I passed you We were at a meeting together Many years ago we were in Colorado, do you remember? Okay, well anyway, we were at a meeting together and you were like protein don't care Oh, yeah, probably I mean you had stopped caring because I think that the evidence is just a volume of evidence Okay, and you're just like you just now like You're splitting such irrelevant hairs for the most part. I'm like, huh, we're done here So one-gram for pound Idea body weight ish ish great. Fine. Move on number two. I guess we should start it with some former Persistence exercise because if you look at actually those two things compared The protein is not even close to stimulating as strength training. That's true I'm close to like like nothing you can boy you can really I don't care what you do protein timing Csine plant based and what I don't really care at all nothing's the coming on the same planet as resistance training is gonna be That's true people are like well Gabrielle you talk about protein Yes because you can't do without it and 100% of people eat 100% of people and I'm training in traditional sciences and it's also still true but exercise Resistance training it hops Nutrition now what's dope about protein is it will stimulate muscle growth Independent So if you can't or aren't training and at least you eat protein It has a protein sparing effect and so it's just context, right? So who are you speaking to? If you're speaking to somebody who's willing to be both Okay strength training is more important If you're speaking to someone who's willing to enable to be both and they're strength training and they're not eating the protein Then all that protein stuff matters the most for them They've already chat the box fair or the opposite person right? I'm not doing anything Okay great if the barrier to entry is easier To start with protein and I'll do that fact the my example here. I just did this I was in Maui last week right was Maui knowing jealous and we love Maui knowing yeah like I'm like those great Protein sticks do like that that's then I can go on on that company is what they're doing is so It's one of the coolest things ever better part of it's so dope But they were like you know like bringing up like all your hyper performers and getting them on the Syraculity protein 12 a lot and I was like they all have the hyper performers I'm going to mean like to me This is the best first step into health I agree They're like what I'm like think about this there's all this conf... this is literally what I said to them Think about all this confusing stuff that's out there the supplements are confusing and like do I fast? Why not fast and like all this what do I do? Do I exercise for this person said this kind of bad? This is other there's so much confusion a lot of people who are just starting there journey like I don't know where to start I don't know where to start at all right Why tell them is I I don't know anybody reasonable Anybody who wouldn't say high quality proteins for it What do you mean like yeah if this is your first path Better than extra not better but probably prior to you starting exercise Everybody everybody has to eat and if you go yo This is the highest quality most nutrient dense red meat that we know of and low calorie very lean super lean Animals that have to be harvested anyways Like they're like people are dying because of accidents on the road or overrunning the like this tones they have to be harvested anyways now We have this insane nutrient profile It's the Easily objectively the best tasting For like an animal like you're gonna go after like no no question right? Amazing and the and jacos like dude that's that's great. I'm like yeah like this is the start So if I've already be like yo like for my family My family does not exercise for most part right? Like what no for sure? Not at all right like there's just no no way right there too far away for me and like all these things All I do with them is like just get protein Just get protein like just get protein like just get protein. This is the bird and this is the biggest impact I have on their health is getting them to eat protein By far I'm I'm really not panoring to you. This is like you know check the text like go to go see the protocols I build them They I don't they don't work on it but they probably realistically never will We love to say that they do but they never will but I'm okay great as a first starting place then People will disagree about the thing but I just again well, no, I don't think you would really find anybody who's reasonable In the space who will tell you protein doesn't matter. I know some but maybe not reasonable resistance training. Do you think about how much how hard? You just get it done. Yeah, what are your thoughts again? This is your this is your tips for If you can people on I would love what they need I would love love to see strength training three times a week I right I would love to see within that each muscle at least twice per week right I would strongly encourage most people to do more full body Rather than doing it like muscle parts splits so don't do like Mondays Are your triceps and Tuesdays or your legs things like that well Mondays universal chest egg God no Tell me that was a joke right yeah, of course is this joke Mondays is like day really what has to no When we cut this please you need not have my permission to post this in the end of episode Please sleep my phone number no Monday's leg. Oh All right, we're not friends anymore. Oh my god on your friendship down down the tubes Okay, um full body training examples of that would be yeah deadlift squad It doesn't matter actually. I don't even care if you're still doing single joint or like exercises But just don't do the entire gym of one body part. Okay, so even if you're in like leg press and then you go to chest press Okay, that's fine, but the reason I'm generally saying this for for this audience in this avatar is you're gonna miss workouts That's gonna happen, right and so if you do only chest on Monday or legs or legs Can I we'll say my first for now okay And you may you missed film the blank. You know the reasons why now you're not getting chest again for the next seven days That's like okay. That's gonna be a problem and then what happens that next Trip that next thing and also and you go two weeks without getting a body part that that happens like in a blink of an eye Right anyone who's a real person. Oh, yeah, it's like very rarely or very common to have that kind of thing happen But potentially you could maintain if you were gonna do push out to or some kind of if you but again Medicate the damage that'd be great, but in an eye to world I personally I don't even do I was joking I don't I don't any more do like legs Mondays What I have is is the training I do and I do them in or in that order in whatever day I can get them in So I don't have that right so I'm way off my a routine's like some Mondays could be any number of my different training sessions But I have this couple of bodies six training workouts that I do and I do those six in a row and Sometimes that six days in a row sometimes that that six days cycle of workouts takes me 18 days to get through Right cuz I only got three workouts in three workouts in three workouts So I just continue to do that so imagine building like 50 workouts And saying okay, I'm gonna and in the next two months. I'm gonna try to get these 50 done in this order But like whatever days they happen to happen and it's exactly for those reasons earlier kid got sick I was gonna train today and I don't want to get the whole thing thrown off like I was just rest I'll do the next workout the next day. I get the opportunity I want to play and play and got the leg you're in there like all these things happened to us right and I don't want to know my whole schedule I mean this to do it so I do it and I generally rotate I'll do like my just my full training session here like one day Most of my training right now is What call it like movement based stuff so I'm I'm training to Correct asymmetries to repair some joint health to feel better It's kind of like a little bit of a reset. It's like hey, I got You know a lot of more years left to do less investor six months almost a year actually like really Wow, yeah, it's totally my physics terrible right now It is He's being dramatic friends I am being dramatic. I told you I like it's bright brand any totally being dramatic Okay, I like attention No, it is worth for me because like I'm not doing high-purchary training at all I'm not doing even enough volume move What are you doing it is more of like it's really hard to articulate in some like this but it's more of like So I have like anyone should I have a coach Tim G Francesco is my coach use the coach for the Lakers that strength coach there physical therapist he's great So it's lifting but it is like I might do like a specific sequence of a one-legged RDL To a reach movement and then I'll come back and reset and then it may be like a lot of One to a specific rotation like try like a very specific thought out Different planes of motion totally different motion. That sounds awesome. He has like it's literally a year long progression of movements So wow so it is it is built out like and every every we do about like six weeks And then we'll kind of do like a little bit of a check and then he updates this is okay This is ready to progress this isn't this development didn't happen like we wanted to we're staying here with this Part but this part did so we're moving up a regression here. I mean it may be like going from Gobble the box squats That moment will okay to so like holding a dumbbell in your chest while your box squatting To then moving to remove the box so then maybe a two second hold of the bottom position like there's all kinds of stuff And that's a very advanced well thought out training program. I mean not so it's hard to call on you explain So it's kind of easy for me to just like give the basics but it's interesting that you're doing not just One plane movements. I haven't done like a barbell backswater deadlift in a long long time because we're trying like It's a front unilateral strength. I love it. Yep, so I do that typically and then I'll do that sound on Monday And then the next day I'll either do more of like a real high intensity interval Initiating base you're talking I have a salt bike aerosol. Oh, we got one in the garage. You can use it It's the best right? You're going and what are you rest in our vault? We're doing lots of different stuff, but this is your more typical Could be 30 seconds on 30 seconds off for 20 rounds like for four rounds, sorry like and it doesn't really do you think it matters Again, this is four it matters, but it also like mostly doesn't matter. It mostly doesn't matter Yeah, for me when I'm programming for like our people like okay paying for paying at end to everything But for the people that are not professional athletes Just get it in if if we were like if I showed up here to your house and you're like hey I got cut up But the kids school will be the home in like an hour and a half. I would've been like all right I'm just gonna hop on it. I don't want over to do I would've just like done I'm gonna made it up I would've just it wouldn't have mattered right because today I'm not like trying to optimize work out I would've just been like let's just burn some calories. That's great fun. It's play People forget like exercise can also just be for fun Can it be just totally really? Yeah, or like the mental benefits Yeah, I love it. How many high intensity interval training sessions are you thrown in there? one Probably a week or so three to four days of lifting three days of lifting or yeah, you think of lifting Conditioning lifting conditioning lifting conditioning back and forth the first conditioning one And so say would be more higher intensity interval the second one is gonna be very low intensity I'm going if I can get 45 minutes We try just on the bike. I might I might literally not even exercise I might walk I don't count walking as exercise some people call it fast cardio It's just walking but sometimes if I can walk I can do that if I can get like a bike ride Like a bicycle like I'm on a bicycle outside now. I'm checking off multiple boxes right now I'm getting sunlight now. I'm getting out of it like I have we have to do those things, right? I will do something like that I might get on the assault bike and just cruise Right, I don't know Only person on the planet that just cruises on an assault bike. Yeah a lot of the times A lot of the times now. I'll do my low intensity stuff in the song Really? Oh yeah Yeah, I dial it back you know like I won't have it at 200 to a five anymore to get it walk That's 100% 100% so a little thing will give you I got this actually Brian McKenzie You know Brian I do yeah Brian told me this you wrote your First you write one but you're unplugged back. Yeah Brian run that together good friend great great stuff But he's like dude Going there like 140 150 160 degrees that could be an infrared that's about how Hot those get I don't know I don't use them Mine mine the traditional the traditional you can do that. I'm being no No, no, no, yes, of course you can use those for that but actually because they don't get super hot but the evidence Sports the traditional song or but I do have an infrared oh I got nothing against it. I would use one if I had that there but My full song is way dope I'm using it But I'll go in there and he's like set it to that and Do you know 10 push-ups 20 push-ups with doesn't matter right you're just like moving get your heart right up a little bit Do that and then stand for a minute Like stay at the top stand up there like a lot of times I'll do like walking high knees I'll do like some like I'm just like moving on right and then sit for a minute How long you in there for? Uh, those sessions like 30 minutes Like nothing crazy so if anyone's listening or wants to join and he Dude Brian has a bike in his what he just layer does too layer to come on desert storm So layered puts his like actual salt. Okay hard past I just yeah hard past on that but I feel like I really feel like there's something special To doing very very low intensity work on the song I mean I feel that way different Instead of just sitting there doing nothing if you're using it for different purposes, but I'm like yeah That sounds amazing. I need to like double double dip and I need to be time efficient here and Like say I'm I'm really beat up or like I'm like I don't want to sit in that damn a salt bike right now Or is raining outside like something like that like I'll definitely go in the sauna You get super whoever complain about me in the sauna right yeah, and then I'll do a little of activity So like a lot of my low intensity stuff will be in there and I'll just like try to move I'll shadow box stuff a lot in there like I'll just it's a great idea. I just don't and if I still like a high just sit down for a second like I don't like I mean with a great idea But that's generally it so then I'll rotate back more to this let's talk about protein Specifically first forms natural way protein formula one people ask me all the time What kind of protein powder I use what kind of protein powder I recommend formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders different flavors A natural one you pick it it mixes amazing it makes it extremely easy to get your protein in and Really there it's a way protein isolate so you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shape tastes great super easy to travel with Great breakfast dinner Maybe even lunch whatever you need it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary will help improve body composition muscle mass all the things that protein does and by the way When do you need protein well you need it every day and that's why I love first forms Protein powder their formula one go to first form dot com slash doctor lion that's first form dot com slash doctor lion Have you done your blood work? If you haven't I have a solution for you and that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker Wise blood work so important well, you know I use inside tracker my friends use inside tracker Also my parents use inside tracker inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and use our friendly They have an amazing interface you can check it out on your phone You can check it out on the desktop which you know hopefully you're using a small one Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones iron thyroid insulin the list goes on a bobe it never stops and by the way if you are a professional Anu of clients inside tracker also has a pro platform Amazing I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized health care and listen blood work can be expensive But it doesn't have to be inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off 10% off anything on the store in the store anything As it relates to subscriptions 10% off go to inside tracker dot com like inside tracking your body Use the code doctor lion and do not wait if you are due for your blood work Give this a shot is extremely valuable back to the show So we covered first this dietary protein. Yeah interchangeable with training. We're on number two No, wait where I'm number three now. Okay, the next one I would be would be for high quality muscle. I mean you've What I probably say here is Range emotion I did not think you were gonna say that if I'm looking back at like the issues we've had with people that even the common The program or that like when they realize we're like this is our biggest issue That is a really big one like your joints need to be healthy and you need to have like to default Of all your joints should be you should train over full range emotion a lot of people don't have that anymore And so many times Training over full range much you you like you can't do a lot pull down and have the bar all the come down your chest You can't do a basic body weight squat right you can't Do any kind of audio Our hinge or all the way down because your hands are so tight you can't properly run you can't get in good positions You certainly can't Like do a push up or do different things like that you can't do a dip like we can't get into any of these basic body You can't hip-extend because your hip flexors are so tight. We can't do hip for us Is this with Sudden cherry behavior that this kind of thing happened It is injury it is sometimes it's injury, but it is mostly Not training over full range emotion hmm Like the the biggest way to improve range emotion and the biggest way to stop from lost range emotion is to lift weights over full range emotion I'm I'm not saying that to be Fisty shes the the the the strength training guy. I think the data are clear on this one You can stat extra edge. I'm not against that. That's fine, but lifting and contracting over full range motion It to my my opinion and from our my coaching experience Like from just my personal coaching I feel like it's so much more effective at improving range motion and so getting people to I don't need you to be You know as a jitter player where you can do all kinds of things with every joint But we got to have we got to have like minimal viable here So I'd say of our of our non-athletes even with the plan of our athletes but of our non-athletes and like executive coaching program That would be the third biggest one the reason I'm saying that is because it causes so many injuries And so much pain and we get so limited in the range in the moments we can do That you end up to be like well, I don't have that machine. I don't have that machine Like my one-up takes so long because everything hurts and I don't know how I like to do this exercise because it like hurts my back a lot We're just like God like if this could have been preventative if we could just do you have a better range of motion now the world opens up to you And now we don't have to do all this prevention stuff. We don't have to do all these things And so when when things hurt less you tend to do much stuff that one of the number one reasons why I'm about your practice, but we have found that people are like resistant exercise in general, but specifically the things is it is like Oh, I mean this so tight today It's like I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to lift thing I just don't want to go through that warm-up process because everything hurts so bad So I'm like all right, what if we cut that problem out? Okay, I live well. I'm okay, great. So I think in order to get this drink training and we have to have That first piece to lower that barrier of entry I think there's a great Three actionable tips. I'm gonna ask you one more and then we're gonna get you out of here so that you can get to NASA Oh yeah, otherwise United could talk for probably I know we never even got to buy a market At least another three hours the one biggest mistake you think people are making In terms of their exercise or Or lifestyle or yeah, it could be either and there's probably not one but there's You know if there is one or two major mistakes that people are making Can you give you two yeah, okay? I'd say one would be I'm hesitant because I'm trying to give you a an insightful Non-genetic answer, but one that's also very true I wonder if it's the same one. I'm thinking so I've in my mind predicted two for oh well one for sure I'm probably probably nowhere the same okay here just because never now I'm trying to I'm trying intentionally Give you one I think you will one one recommendation I'll give folks is to say a lot of these details They do matter But the ones that matter most I probably say D1 that matters most whether it's exercise or nutrition or mindset or recovery or health The one that comes out to me is the top dog is consistency hmm Just give your body time Don't expect it in six weeks. I hope it happens and we we can if you know what you're doing you can definitely get progress Yeah, a ton but if you don't you can't afford to work at the you and you don't have a private code to doing all these things for you You probably are a little bit efficient with what you're doing it's not precise to you yet But what that means it's not that it's not working just means it's gonna take longer That could be really important. Yeah, it's like hey, I'm I don't like I'm doing all this stuff I'm meeting this way I'm working out. I'm trying to get to better earlier like nothing's work I haven't lost weight yet. I don't have a better yet. I promise you if you're eating good food You're exercising you're doing other positive behaviors. I promise you it's working It's just not specific So you're not getting a specific result yet Specific adaptations to impose demand. This is classic scientific principle cut this said principle What that means is if you wanted to get bigger by steps Getting those muscles bigger the most specific thing you can do is do do nothing but train those biceps Great, I promise you if you did nothing but biceps training that's all you did and you just kept going those biceps muscles would get larger right Having said that When you're over relying upon specificity you lack variation So we lack well-roundedness we lack other adaptations Lot of people that are trying to like hey, I want to have more energy. I want to lose some weight I want to get a little bit stronger the nice part about it is you're doing a variation in training But because you're doing a variation in training You're not doing specificity which means you're not seeing maximum results in any one of those areas Which means in six weeks when you're friend who did nothing but biceps curls has notice with bigger biceps in six weeks You have one percent bigger bicep and one percent better view to max and one percent health your metabolism You have one percent in a lot so if you got 10 percent bigger You got 10 percent as well, but your 10 was spread across ten different areas. I think that's great I mean I think that's great You just got to give a time that I give a time that person come back in a year and now you both gain a hundred percent But that's all in that person's about that and you resolve now it's like whoa how did you change your physique how did you change all these things well? Like you did all these right things I promise you if you're doing those actions especially if you were not doing them before It is working it is making a difference it's just not like in science We'd say the fidelity of that measurement is not strong enough. It's like saying Look at in the classic research this says like if you start strength training Muscle hypertrophy doesn't really happen until so eight weeks or so But that's only because the the technology we have to measure increases in muscle size is not accurate enough Under that it's happening every single damn today It's just happening at these micro scopping love it. You're saying this yes Yeah, and you're in this case the person like you just haven't hit the threshold of your technology yet I promise you your body position your body composition improved but the only technology you have is your scale Whatever, that's is not accurate enough to tell to find your changes. Yeah, so just give it time I promise you like when work we've worked with a Billion moms and billion Nonac non athletic regularly people Something like me and we've worked with the best in the world it's true a mom It's true in all of them like you will get there if you just like hang tight and do the best you can and also remember on that same point You're gonna have roles. I have not lifted weights in nine days probably Like not happened just unexpected things. Okay great I'm not stressed about it right like I've exercised a dollar stuff but I have a lift away So because I'm doing I could up mountains and doing all kinds of this stuff and got super super super sore Maybe that they're gonna die but they didn't and oh my god. It was wrecked I make them wrecked for like a week after this But fine I'm looking at this is like is mine days gonna matter across 90 years No, I don't know because is nine months gonna matter that this why I'm doing I'm doing now for like a year Is what you're gonna matter across 120 years now? I'm gonna matter at all So you must stay you must a week Don't trip Don't trip it's the accumulation. It's the big package here come back to me any year Did you keep a lot over here you're gonna win? No matter how many little things like it's life it's cool. Thank you fine Careful don't like use that as you used to be lazy shit, but you feel me on that one. So that would be never Was that what you predicted? I thought that you were gonna say individuals over complicated things Similar to that we over complicate the things that really matter and that that Impaces for making progress. Yeah, it is right like It's in my get close a lot often and keep going Love it. Yeah, you only one more One more is gonna go the opposite direction. Okay, um, there is a lot of Discussion a lot of chatter a lot of conversations that are interesting we've had some tangential ones today about This movement of precision precision health precision nutrition precision training and The reality of it is some of these areas Our strong at this point somewhere week Genetics as an example genetics for precision training is garbage Genetics for precision nutrition is mostly garbage so say that again because I think um You should be making no decisions whatsoever for your exercise based on any genetic test anybody in the world did I don't care if you got three billion base pair sequence I know these data very well or food based choices based on genetics there have been now five to six trials full trials on personalized nutrition Based on genetics. I believe all six have failed to find any benefit From the genetic based testing any and you're talking different labs different clinical trials different outcomes different populations and it's like a clean slate of garbage That doesn't mean nothing is coming though There is clearly something there precision nutrition from genetics will get better But right now there are there are a few actual things but the the the the big basics of like how you globally should each Are are so clearly not the case in fact in at least two of the trials that I know of maybe the third at least two of them What they found though was individualized coaching Matter way more Then precision coaching what's that mean paying attention to people's preferences paying attention to their lifestyle All actually had a bigger impact than randomly putting them on You know just a random diet. Ah, stunning, right? Get a coach. Yeah, get a coach that pays attention to that stuff and if your coach is main selling point as they do genetic testing No, that person's not advanced Like you have almost complete in our garbage. I can go even a thousand ways worse on this one but if they have not done actual phenotypitesting Then like run to the heavens away meaning I don't give a shit what your mTHFR is When I can directly measure via bb items and almost assisting right I mean yes, I agree with you I do not care at all because if you want to know that's fine, but we'll be able to tell in your blood work We I know and also the relationship I'm sorry. I hate to tease one of the end but like the relationship between your genome type Of that particular one and your actual resume resulting home assisting levels You're talking under one percent you've learned a lot about nothing Nothing especially when you just measure home assisting that's what you're so worried about that's right whatever that I can go there's a ton of safe But This field is clearing group Like there are there are some actual things with genetics for nutrition most of his is odd or nonsense Whether or not like you should eat carbohydrates like that's not garbage at this point there are some things but it's gonna get better and so what I'll say is like the The age of precision Interventions it is clearly coming I don't have a dog in a fight in any of those things that is an area where I would say right now I'm happy to just torch that field I'm happy to support anyone at the same time am acknowledging It's gonna get better and so All right like I watch I'm reading I'm hopeful I actually am I'm believer in it It's just not right out. We're not there not at all Well Dr. Andy Galfin Thank you so much for coming on we could go another two hours and maybe if you're back visiting the astronauts You might be back I'm in Texas. You come you can stay family I really am glad that we were able to sit down and have this conversation I think there's a lot of things that were really important and one of the things is You shared how you think about things and if people gain just a little bit of insight It will allow them to question what they're hearing with their reading Maybe be aware of some of their own limitations or the limitations of those that are talking to them And it's really valuable you have an extraordinarily creative mind and scientific mind I appreciate it. I know wait too long. Next round we'll have to be center. Yes, and maybe I'll come to you Yeah Thank you so much and we'll link where everyone can find you And you also have an amazing podcast coming out. Yeah, I I don't know when this is gonna come out, but my show will be out Rob won't let me tell people, but it'll be out in the summer amazing. We're gonna try to hold this podcast Till oh, no, yes, that comes out. I'm gonna do our best to hold it so that we can Put it out before yours comes out that'll be amazing cool. Yeah, it's called perform with Dr. Andy Goppin Well done friend. Thank you You