do all cancers respond to radiation. There is no cancer that cannot be destroyed by radiation. The limiting factor is the human being around that cancer. One in eight men will get prostate cancer. That's right. That is insane. What has really revolutionized our field is we're not treating large parts of the body. I can make the radiation goat exactly where the problem is. On the case of a prostate cancer, I'll treat the prostate gland with just a few millimeter margin around it. And when you get just a few millimeters beyond that, the dose is very low. So we don't cause the collateral damage that we use to. Gosh, that is unbelievable. What are some of the biggest myths surrounding radiation? Radiation is part of the electromagnetic spectrum. Just essentially light. Doesn't matter how much, you know, FM88.7 you listen to, it's not gonna hurt you. Your cell phone is a radio, so those are all non-ionizing radiation, so the old tail butt the cell phone giving a brain tumor, not gonna happen. What about living next to an electrical tower? That's EFF again, and so that's electromagnetic frequencies that are not able to damage your DNA. On the other hand, as you mentioned, the lady who's afraid of going through an airport scanner, because she might be pregnant, that is ionizing radiation. It's a very low dose to get us like an X-ray to security area, but that is an X-ray. X-rays by definition are ionizing, and if I had a chance of being pregnant, I wouldn't go through it either. Wait, wait, wait. This is really important. What about Dr. Sanjay Mera? Welcome to the show. Thank you, thanks for having me. This episode, my goal is really to vote. Number one, to be a guide for men, men that have had prostate cancer, but also individuals that have been athletic or who suffer from any of the I just is. All right. Us your arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, you name it. Can you can treat it? Yes, ma'am. Tell me a little bit about your treatment, and your experience of treatment with prostate cancer, with low dose radiation that are affected. So for prostate cancer, it's considered high dose. We're relatively speaking, we use higher doses for any kind of cancer. So radiation is a viable alternative to a radical prostatectomy for most prostate cancer patients. So once the urologist does a biopsy and diagnosis, the prostate cancer, then they get sent to me. They'll usually get a referral to a urologist specializes in radical prostatectomy. And then in my case, I'm a radiation oncologist. So I'm trained to treat all different types of cancer, but prostate cancer being the most common thing we see, done probably something like 10,000 cases over the years. So it's a very common thing. But external beam radiation in high doses is usually it's about six to eight weeks of treatment. It's Monday through Friday, five days a week, about a 15 minute per day treatment. Basically, just an x-ray. So it's painless. Patients come in. They're happy. They get their treatment. They leave 15 minutes later without any sort of instrumentation or injections or anything. And by giving a small dose of radiation on a daily basis over several weeks, the cumulative dose is actually quite high. Enough to kill the cancer cells without dealing with some of the things people deal with with surgeries, for example, in continents and nerve damage, and things like that. So you avoid all of that with just a non-invasive treatment. And people can live their life and get treated for prostate cancer simultaneously with no downtime. And depending on the stage and the grade of the disease and whatnot, the cure rates are basically the same as a radical prostatectomy. So that's a very popular procedure. And one in eight men will get prostate cancer. That's right. That's right. Very, very common. That is insane. There is radiation. There is surgery. Is chemo also utilized? In metastatic disease, if you have bone metes, even then when people think of chemo, you think of like your hair falling out and being super sick, like with breast cancer and leukemia, isn't things like that. Typically an anti-cancer drug is still chemo, but usually in the case of prostate cancer, it's an anti-testosterone drug. So like Lou Pron, which is an LHRH agonist. You starve the body of testosterone, so you do cause some side effects, but it's not like chemo, chemo, what you're traditionally think of, or people get sick. It's not that type of drug. So we usually don't have to use that because prostate cancer is usually a local disease. It's not a systemic disease the way other cancers that require chemo are. Yeah. And as a radiation oncologist, tell me a little bit about the training surrounding that, because you are not their primary line of defense. That's correct. That's correct. I'm kind of a tertiary specialist because your typical patient will go to primary care doctor. They'll get an annual blood tests, maybe their PSA is rising, or if it's a lady, maybe they've had their anti-cancer mammogram, there's something that's unusual. Then they'll go see a surgeon. If it's a man, then of course they'll go to a urologist and have an MRI and a biopsy if indicated, women will go to see their, you know, get the mammogram or something's unusual. They go to a breast surgeon and they will remove the lump and then they'll send it to me for a region. Radiation after breast cancer or in the case of a man. Once the prostate cancer has been diagnosed by a biopsy, by the urologist, then they get referred to me. So I'm a little bit further downstream. They'll see a specialist, whether it's a breast surgeon or urologist, a ENT doctor, if it's a throat cancer and neuro surgeon, if it's a brain tumor, they all send to me once they've been evaluated and staged. There are those new full body MRI scans. The prenovo. Yeah, prenovo. And you, someone could come to you, for example, I'm going to see you once this hamstring tear heels. If someone comes to you, they get a full body scan and you see an isolated tumor. Would you be able to treat it or would they first go to someone else that would stage it, then come over the tree. We start with the biopsy first and so there's a lot of things on these prenovo scans that may be cancer or they may be completely benign. So they would need a biopsy. So either an interventional radiologist or a specialist of whatever part of the body it's in. If it's something in the gut, they'll need to see a GI doctor or if it's a prostate lesinocular urologist. So after the biopsies done, then they consent to me. I can help with the staging part in terms of ordering pet scans, MRIs, whatever's needed. And then depending on the stage, then we design the treatment plan. And to set this stage for people, radiation is the kind of medicine that you practice. Correct. Radiation oncology is technically my specialty. Right. And you hear oncology, which is the study of cancer, obviously. But there's different types of oncologists. When you just hear someone as an oncologist, they're usually medical oncologists. So they'll do a residency, an internal medicine, then a fellowship and medical oncology. And that's the chemo side. Whereas radiation oncology, what I do, it's a separate completely separate residency program, which is actually, as we were talking about, it's an offshoot of radiology. So the radiologists are the guys, even half of my patients are like, oh, yeah, that's Dr. Mead. He's my radiologist. I'm like, close enough, but not quite. So the radiologists are the ones who interpret x-ray films, whereas we use x-rays and radiation oncology to actually treat therapeutic versus diagnostic radiology. So I'll do a year, like a year of internship, and then it's four years of radiation oncology. So we were candid hand with the medical oncologists. Certain cancers need chemo and radiation combined modality treatment. Or then the third type of oncologist, of course, is surgical oncologist. So you got all three. And when we think about a physician that is prescribing a medication or chemotherapy, there's a dose, a treatment length, all of those logistics, and you are delivering. Right. Very similarly. You are delivering an energy source. I'd love for you to explain what radiations, but to frame it for the listener or the viewer. You are delivering a dose of radiation. That's right. We are radiophobic, you're nice. Yes. You spoke about this. People will be concerned about the radiation from a cell phone or the radiation from standing in front of a microwave. I may or may not have been one of those people. When I was pregnant, you know, you're looking for all of these things. Or you're mom told you don't sit too close to TV. You're gonna get a tumor. So we can talk about all of that. But you're right. We measure radiation just like you measure medication in milligrams or milliliters depending what your chemical is. In the case of radiation, it's measured in units called the grade. It's abbreviated GY, but it's called the gray, like the color gray. And that's just essentially the amount of energy you're putting in the tissue. So one gray is one jewel per kilogram. So jewel is a measure of energy. But jewels can be, you know, calories and jewels are two different ways of measuring energy. You know all about calories. So essentially, jewels alone is just energy. But jewels per kilogram of tissue is the absorbed dose of energy in the body. And that's how we measure radiation. So when we talk about low dose, it may be a dose of half a gray, whereas a cancer dose, a high dose might be 50 to 75 to 80 gray. And it's just like with pills. It's very similar in terms of if you take one aspirin a day for a week, it might help whatever symptom you had. But if you take the whole bottle at once, not so good for you. So the dose is what makes it the difference between medicine and poison. And it's the same way with radiation when given in low dose, because it's very therapeutic. But as you mentioned with radiophobia, people instantly are just trying to think about Hiroshima and Chernobyl. And all these other things where they were mega doses that were given in inverting. Obviously in disasters where the body got radiated to a very high dose. But that has literally nothing to do with the tiny, focused dose. But we focus it anatomically. We have the ability now. What has really revolutionized our field is we're not treating large parts of the body. I can make the radiation go exactly where the problem is. So in the case of a prostate cancer, I'll treat the prostate gland with just a few millimeter margin around it. And when you get just a few millimeters beyond that, the dose is very low. So we don't cause the collateral damage that we use to. If you listen every week and feel like we are in this together, which I believe that we are learning growing in building strength. Then I created a way for us to get connected even more closely. It's called forever strong insider. A premium community for listeners who want to go deeper. You'll get ad free episodes which I know you'll love. Bonus Q&A is where your questions shape the conversation. Behind the scene moments because let's face it offlarious for my daily life and written takeaways to keep at your fingertips. But more than that, you'll be supporting the show so that we keep creating content that matters. If you've ever wanted to feel part of the inner circle, this is your invitation. Join us at foreverstrong.supercast.com or through the link in the show notes. When I think about radiation, is it fair to say that it is, is it a laser delivering? Yeah, walk us through. Sure. And that gets back to your previous question. What is radiation? So radiation is part of the electromagnetic spectrum. And so radiation is just essentially light. It's just, there's different types of light. So, or I should say light is a type of radiation. It's probably more accurate. And so when you look at the electromagnetic spectrum, human beings can only detect. You remember, have you heard of Roy G. Biv, ROI, GBIV? So that little part of the electromagnetic spectrum is all we can see. We can see red, green, blue, yellow, and all those colors. But that's a tiny fraction. That's part of the same electromagnetic spectrum that makes up microwaves and radio waves. And on the other side, as you get to the high energy stuff, you have ultraviolet rays from the sun. And then beyond that, x-rays and gamma rays. So it's all part of the spectrum. It just so happens that this tiny little sliver in the middle is all we can see for visible light. But as you go to less energetic electromagnetic radiation, that's where you have non-ionizing or basically not dangerous radiation, which would include microwaves and radio waves. Doesn't matter how much, you know, FM88.7, you listen to. It's not going to hurt you. Your cell phone is a radio. So those are all non-ionizing radiation. So the old wife's tail, but the cell phone giving a brain tumor, not going to happen. Because those are low energy waves. Then of course visible light is, as we know what that is. And then as you know, you go to ultraviolet and then x-rays are beyond that. So as the energy gets higher and higher, when you get above the visible spectrum, the ultraviolet, as you know, you can get a sunburn, because ultraviolet is ionizing. It's not as bad as an x-ray, but if you get out in the sun long enough, the reason you get a sunburn is the UV rays, the electromagnetic radiation, in the ultraviolet spectrum, is damaging your skin's DNA, causing that. And that's what, and by the same token, x-rays do the same thing, but more so. And the higher the energy of the x-ray, the more potential it has to damage your DNA. And the whole point of what I do is a radiation oncologist, I try to damage the cancer DNA and spare the normal DNA. I mean, it makes sense. Also sounds like we're exposed to various forms of radiation. If I'm hearing it correctly, there's non-ionizing, and then there's ionizing radiation. That's exactly right. You deliver non-ionizing. No, it's actually ionizing. So x-rays and you've heard, you'll hear of like things like gamma rays and things like that, but the non-ionizing part would not treat anything. So even a tanning bed is ionizing, because that's like ultraviolet basically. So the non-ionizing is just going to be radio waves, micro waves, things like that, that don't have any effect on the human body. When you think about it, it's really interesting. It doesn't affect the human body, but is it inert? Does it cause any kind of damage? Are there ways that we get non-ionizing radiation naturally? So non-ionizing radiation is everything that's below the energy of visible stuff. And so radio waves are naturally occurring. You know, you have astronomers who've got these big radars, the big satellites that are trying to detect extraterrestrial lives. It's so amazing. I'm here. Come pick me up. That's exactly it. But that's, there's cosmic background radiation. That's basically all of the universe is full of electromagnetic radiation. It's just the spectrum of that. That's why, as you probably remember, remember, when the James Webb telescope came out, it could see way more than the Hubble telescope. The Hubble was the big deal back in the 80s and 90s. And it showed us an impressive picture of the universe. But then the James Webb, when that was launched a few years ago, that has an infrared camera. So that can see a different spectrum of the electromagnetic spectrum than just visible light. So all of a sudden these dark pictures with a few stars, all of a sudden you see all this other stuff that we couldn't see as humans with our, the limitation of our eyes. But so yes, to answer your question, there is non-ionizing radiation that in theory, there are ways that actually I believe your husband right now, about some of the stuff. Some of the armed forces can use a very high frequency lower energy x-ray that can actually, like basically a microwave that could burn you. Or at least make you can cause pain. It's not enough to damage the DNA, but it's enough to where it can damage the skin. So I think that's actually been used in combat in some situations. But that's, that's an outlier. Typically radio waves, cell phones, microwaves, all that stuff is non-ionizing, meaning it doesn't have enough energy to eject an electron from the atoms that are near it. So it's not going to create ions, and therefore it's not going to damage your DNA. And that's exactly what x-rays do. They eject electrons from the nuclei of yourselves. And that's what creates ions, and that's what damages the double strands of the DNA, and that's what kills the cancer cells. The utility of it is just, it's so interesting. Really involved in physics. I mean, this seems to be a good idea. I just enjoyed. I'm like a mechanical type person. So I think if I was a radical radiation oncologist, it's probably about as close to an engineer as an MD could be. And I've always loved mechanical things, cars, and stuff like that. So it's like anything mechanical was interesting, and that's why this is an interesting sort of a, a malgum of clinical medicine, plus technology, and unlike radiology, where you're just looking at x-rays, I still have patient care. So I enjoyed that part, what's kind of like being a radiologist, but also being a clinical oncologist. So it's a really great area of medicine in my opinion. I mean, certainly, especially when I hear stories about you treating someone's arthritis, that they couldn't play tennis, and all of a sudden they can get back. It's a beautiful thing. And the side effects seem to be very limited when you are using low dose, radiation. What are some of the biggest myths and falsies surrounding radiation? Sure. So the biggest thing is the danger of what am I going to do? Am I going to glow in the dark? Am I going to grow a third arm? Am I going to, I've even been asked, are you going to get superpowers? And when you watch too many, I guess comic book movies or something like that. But basically the biggest thing is that is radiation going to cause more harm than good. That's what people are afraid of. And if it's done incorrectly, certainly it could. And that's when, you know, historically people have heard about the Adam Baum, and everyone's, especially lately, the Oppenheimer movie came out a couple years ago. Very good. Great movie, right? Fantastic movie, fantastic. But essentially, all that was was essentially a nuclear bomb is basically an uncontrolled, massive way of scattering electromagnetic radiation. So the people who were unfortunately in the area where the bomb was dropped in Hiroshima, for example, they got a very high dose of radiation. And the people who were in the immediate blast radius, they all died basically instantly. But we've learned a lot about what radiation does to human beings and to our tissues and to our organs. As you look at the people who died in those, in those unfortunate war time bomb explosions, as you go, 10 miles out, 20 miles out, 30 miles out, you see as the dose goes lower and lower, you can examine different effects on people. So the immediate effect, the blast radius, they would die. If you get a few miles further out, they didn't die right away, but the high doses of radiation, the first thing you'll do is basically wipe out your bone marrow and your entire GI tract, all your mucosal cell. So any fast growing cell in the body, which would be your bone marrow, your squamous cell lining of all your oral cavity, all the whole GI cavity, it just descoemates and goes away. So that's a horrible way to die if that were to happen. But again, this is a full body super high dose. We don't do that. But as you get another 10, 20, 30 miles out, it's actually been found now that a lot of the people who are further out in there, further out from the immediate exposure, got a very low dose of radiation, and they didn't have any side effects at all. And it is now gotten to the point now that it's been studied long enough, it's actually been found that very low doses of radiation actually promote hormesis, just like exercise does. And back when I was in medical school, we hadn't even heard of hormesis, but now obviously you're an expert on that and a lot of people now that speak about it in the exercise realm and dealing with, you know, hot and cold plunges and things like that, a little bit of hormesis, a little bit of tissue damage makes the body stronger, and we're now finding out that that actually seems to be the case for radiation as well. When I mean, yeah, low dose. Not high dose. High dose radiation obviously you said is lethal, and lower dose seems to have positive effects when it. And high dose is lethal, but in some cases that can be, can actually be harnessed and be a good thing because if you can give a very focused high dose to a small part of the body, you can kill the cancer, like we do for prostate cancer. But you just don't want to treat too large of an area in damage the surrounding organs, and that's probably the easiest about what's the biggest fallacy about radiation is that it's toxic and it's going to make me really sick. But when done properly, it actually has less side effects than a lot of other treatments, usually less than chemo or surgery, depending on where you're treating. If I treat a small enough area, I'm not damaging the rest of the body. Patients have excellent quality of life, and we can still achieve the goal of killing the cancer without causing a lot of collateral damage. If you're like me, you love a good meat stick, and are always on the go. But still committed to putting high quality fuel into your body, then you want to check out Paleo Valley, one of the sponsors of the show. There are 100 grass fed and finished beef sticks are clean nutrient tents and free from all the garbage found in most convenient snacks. And by the way, this is Buffalo chicken, no preservatives, no added sugar, no artificial anything. They are naturally fermented, which means they support your gut, deliver more bio-available nutrients, and of course have a long shelf life without the use of harmful additives, which is amazing. Paleo Valley sources from regenerative farms here in the U.S., the kind of farms that treat animals humanely and prioritize soil health. It's like going to the farmers market, getting a good quality snack, and it's still a good right to your job. Go to pliowalley.com slash doctor lion to get 15% off. That's pliowalley.com slash doctor lion. The radiation is it fair to say that it's the waves that change? What is it if we were to think about how do we understand in terms of if it was equivalent to medicine? Sure. A an aspirin versus a Tylenol. They're both pills, but they have different mechanisms. They're for mechanisms of action. In the case of ionizing radiation, it basically all the waves or the energy of the waves, that determines how I aim it. It's still the same basic entity that we're bombarding the tumor with. But if you have it, if I have a 250 pound guy with a pelvic tumor that's got to get through 10 inches of tissue versus a superficial scar or a skin cancer, where I need the radiation to go the depth of penetration is what I have to modulate. And that can be done based on it's essentially all physics at that point. The different energies of x-rays can be generated from different machines. And you essentially can use a very low energy superficial radiation for certain things that would be useless on a deeper thing. And that's where things have really changed over the years because say 50 years ago when the modern radiation oncology discipline really started coming onto its own. They were limited number of machines and the only had one or two energy. So if you wanted to treat something superficial, you could do that. But if you had to treat a deep pelvic tumor, you would cause a lot of superficial damage to get to that. But now we have the ability to use a high energy x-ray like millions of volts. The thing is when you think about x-rays, we use x-rays all the time. Everybody's, everyone's been to the dentist. They, when they do a jaw x-ray to look for cavities, it's a low energy x-ray. It's the same x-ray that I use. But the difference is that's a kilo voltage x-ray. I use a mega voltage x-ray. So the kilo voltage a thousand volts is enough to get a good image of a bone. You can see if there's any deterioration, a cavity or a broken bone. If you go to the ER, you get an x-ray of your arm, if you fell down or something. The kv kilo voltage x-rays will just take a picture. But they don't have enough energy in them to kill, try to damage cancer cells or damage any cells for that matter. And so the higher energy stuff can penetrate deeper into the body, and it has the amount of energy needed to damage the DNA to actually have a biological effect and not just an imaging effect. But would you be able to use that tool for both when you go and, So actually the machines that we use now that what's really, really revolutionized what we do as radiation oncologist is not only being able to give a high dose of radiation to a small area, but to be able to aim it correctly. So we do what's called image guided radiation. So the imaging part is done by low energy x-rays, like I mentioned, kill a voltage x-rays, like a cat scanner or a regular x-ray. And then the high energy or mega voltage x-rays will treat the tumor. So when the patient gets on my table, we take a regular image first of whether it's a cat scan or a plane film, and I can see where we're aiming. And then while they're in that position, then we turn on the high dose x-ray, and it'll actually be enough to treat the cancer. So we do it based on CT planning, we usually will do it. A cat scan map out the depth, then the area, I'll actually literally take my mouse and contour out the volume of the prostate gland or the breast tumor or whatever it might be. And then with the modern software that we have now, we can take cat scans, which are two dimensional images, and reconstruct into 3D. So I have a full 3D image of the patient's body on the screen, and we can make sure the beams come in from different angles, and we can modulate the energy and the shape of the beam to match exactly what the tumor looks like. So I could create a ball of radiation that looks exactly like the shape and size of the tumor, even if it's got a little Mickey Mouse ear sticking off one side. I can do that too, while simultaneously shaping it to stay away from all the normal tissue. So that's where you get the advantage, basically what we call the therapeutic benefit, where you're radiating what needs to be radiated, but you're not radiating and damaging the normal tissue. And do all, I mean there's various types of cancers. Do all cancers respond to radiation? So the short answer is yes, and I won't bore you with a too long of an answer, but there's always a little more nuance to it than that. So yes, there is no cancer that cannot be destroyed by radiation. The limiting factor is the human being around that cancer. So I got to be cognizant of the normal tissue. So if you took a tumor in a P3D, anything can be radiated, and it's going to destroy the cells. But let's just say it's a tumor in the tip of your pinky toe. There's not much around that. I don't have to worry about a kidney or an eye or something like that. So the brain tumor, I have to be very worried about what I'm treating to the normal brain tissue, the dose that's going to the lens of the eye, things like that. So depending on which part of the body it's in, the surrounding normal tissue will dictate how much radiation I can safely deliver. And it doesn't affect the the dermis. You can just go right through the skin. Great question. So based on that energy. So if I have a skin cancer, I will use an energy of radiation or a type of radiation when it's called electron beam, and it's literally only going a few millimeters. So I can treat that superficial skin tissue and not affect anything deeper. Even if it's a, I've treated it like a squamous cell right on the temple of an old lady who was she's a 90 year old who's on anti-coagulants. And she can't be offered for med. So they couldn't cut it out. So we just radiated it. But with, with electron beam, the x-ray stop, a couple millimeters deep into the tissue. But if I'm treating a brain tumor, I'm going to treat the same area with a high energy x-ray that will, like you said, it'll spare the dermis. They won't even get a sunburn. But the energy will go deeper into the brain. Gosh, that is unbelievable. Yeah. Someone would not have to be opened. Correct. And not even burn. So that's the big thing people like, oh, I'm going to get burned. And that goes back to your previous question about what are people concerned about. Everyone thinks they're going to get burned really badly. And that again is based on seeing all these horrible pictures from nuclear disasters. And with older radiation equipment, back in the 1950s and 60s, we had what was called cobalt 60, where it was just basically an actual chunk of radioactive cobalt that the patient was exposed to. It would burn the skin. And if you're trying to treat, say, a breast tumor, it would completely really burn or necros the skin in order to get enough dose deep enough to treat the breast tumor. But now we don't use cobalt. We use these high energy x-rays that are generated by a machine called a linear accelerator, or a linach for short. So the linach is our bread and butter machine that creates the x-rays, the high energy x-rays. Does everyone use a linach? Almost everyone. The other things you'll hear that are alternatives, and being in Houston, we have MD Anderson at the street. They have proton therapy. So protons are different than photons are x-rays. So they have their own, what's called the cycletron, which is essentially a particle accelerated to create protons. But that's a completely different topic. But most cancer centers do use a linach. So a linear accelerator can generate the low or high energy x-rays. Depending on what I need to treat. So with a linach, I can treat a long tumor, for example, and the surface of the skin will get a little dose, be a little redness, but not a horrible skin reaction. And if it's a deep enough tumor with a high enough x-rays, sometimes the skin dose is almost undetectable. It's low, but not even enough, like my prostate patients. They don't even get a sunburn. Maybe a little bit of a tan spot, but that's about it. Which they're definitely not looking for in that area. Once you treat someone with radiation, obviously it's a few treatments, a handful of treatments. And that's another big topic in terms of how much do you, because it's not just how much radiation you give it's how frequently do you give it and how how many pieces do you slice your pizza up into? What you get of, you know, when you get your pizza from Domino's that has eight slices, if they, if you cut each one in half, you get 16 smaller slices, it's still the same pizza you're getting. But with radiation for someone with prostate cancer, you can do different protocols depending on, there's a lot of different data out there where you can give say nine weeks of treatment, or you can give four weeks or even one week now. They're looking at different things, but it gets much more accelerated. You can give a higher dose per day. If you give a higher dose per day, there's a potential for more side effects. You have to be careful. The slower you give the radiation, you give a tiny bit per day, and you stretch it out over many, many weeks, you have a lot less normal tissue toxicity in most cases. And is that all measured in grease? It is. So like for example, a prostate patient historically, if you asked me this 10 years ago, what do you give a prostate? We would give 81 gray, but given in 1.8 gray per day, which is 45 days of 1.8 times 45, but that also requires the patient come in for nine weeks. It's a lot of visits. Whereas typically now, we will use 70 gray, so it sounds like you're not giving as much radiation. But 2.5 gray per day, rather than 1.8, you only have to give 28 days. So 70 gray in 28 days is the equivalent of getting 81 gray in 45 days. And it's a lot less visits to come in for. It shrinks the cancer, but does it cure it? That's the key thing. And so typically yes, that's what we have to go for is that if we were just shrinking it, then you would see these, let's talk about prostate cancer. The cure rates for prostate cancer are essentially the same, whether you use external beam radiation, or whether you have a radical prostate to me. And one case you're. The cure rates are the same. Literally the same, even though in one case you're surgically removing the tumor on the other side that the prostate gland is never removed from the body, but the energy from the x-rays sterilizes the cells. So even though the organ is physically still there, if you were to do a prostate biopsy on someone after radiation, you would just get scar tissue out. So the physical gland on an x-rays still there, but it's no longer active viable tissue. So you are still curing the cancer. That's the goal anyway. And so an average prostate patient might have a 95% chance of being cured with radical prostatectomy. It's basically the same with radiation. Oh, sorry. It's time to record an ad for the show. Thank you to one of the sponsors of the show. Time line and listen. My kids still sleep with me. And after 470 nighttime snack requests, bathroom breaks, my husband snoring, myself as they are like a yo-jee. We're tapped out. Enter might appear. Time line nutrition is one of the most thoroughly researched products. I've come across an over a decade. Look, to carry it in my purse. They have peer reviewed public science. And this is where it's really interesting. So for those of you who are following the muscle centric lifestyle, when you increase bio energetics, you improve muscle function and how. In adults, 40 plus, timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance and no change in activities. So whether you've been active, resistance training your whole life or you're just getting started or you're not getting a lot of sleep and you've got a million requests, your muscles and your mitochondria need help. And they have just launched their low sugar vegan non-GMO gluten-free gummies, which by the way, I am eating by the handfills which I shouldn't, but they taste delicious. Time line is offering our community 20% off your first order. Go to timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor line to get 20% off. I recommend trying their starter pack with all three different formats. And of course, their gummies which are incredible. What are the side effects of surgery or radical prostate cancer? The biggest problem with surgery is usually in continents because when the prostate is removed, the intra-prostatic urethra comes out along with it and then the urinary sphinctermus will get damaged as well. Because in the process of removing all that, there's always damaged those areas. There can be nerve damage as well that can lead to sexual dysfunction. How does the biggest one that I've seen? That and also, it's not talked about as much, but penile shortening because they have to reenact the most. The penile urethra to the bladder neck in order to create a new pathway. The intra-prostatic urethra is gone so that length is gone. And so I haven't met too many men who are okay with that either. You are the second person in all of my years of speaking with physicians that have mentioned penile shortening. It's just not talked about much. I don't think people even know about it. We had Dr. Tobias Kohler, he's a Mayo Clinic doctor. He runs the men's health over in Minnesota. He was talking about if you don't use your penis over a three month period of time, that you can shorten your penis by a son of a her. That's a lot. Yeah. I think it's slightly reversible, right? If you start to have a penile therapy, you can get some of that back. But if you have a radical prostitectomy, that's irreversible at that point. If you have a radical prostitectomy, which is removing the prostate, you can reduce penile length by how much? Probably a couple of centimeters. Ah, right. Yeah. Depending because that's when you look at the anatomy, the penis or the prostate itself, depending on the size of the gland, you get BPH, some men that are older have a really, really large, 100 gram prostate. That's a lot of tissue to remove. So the your rethral length that's inside of that is gone after that. And that's not to say to be fair to the urologists who may be listening and shaking their fist at us. There's plenty of side effects that potentially can happen from radiation too. But luckily in the modern era, this is called image guided radiation. And because it's so much more precise, the traditional problems with radiation were cystitis or proctitis. He would be radiating the tumor, of course, which you're also radiating the bladder in the rectum. And that could cause blood in the urine with cystitis. It could cause severe diarrhea or blood in the stool. In some cases, they were worried about you hear this in this is all historical. It doesn't happen anymore just to ruin the story. But fistula formation, you know, a colovisicular fistula from the scar tissue causing the organs to stick together and fistulize. But that was in an era when we didn't have modern computer imaging. We didn't have CT scans. We didn't have PET scans. So many times the bladder and the rectum got almost as much doses as the prostate did. That's where radiation kind of got part of its bad rap was because this is in the 70s and 80s. There were some really bad side effects. Or like I mentioned earlier, cobalt 60 causing severe sunburns. But now that we have modern image guided high energy radiation, we can have the radiation beams concentrated. Like just if the prostate is this big around, I can literally map the radiation just to that area. So the dose fall off, meaning the amount of radiation that's delivered just outside of that is very sharp. So you have a nice sharp fall off to whether you're not getting a bunch of low dose radiation to all this surrounding tissue. It basically goes close to zero. And therefore, you're not causing the cystitis and the proctitis like we used to. So that's gotten much better. But the one thing about radiation that people have to keep in mind is when you end and this has been discussed quite a bit when they were discussing the pros and cons. Even though we don't cause the the impotence and the incontinence the way surgery potentially can. Many patients if they have a more aggressive prostate cancer, the data shows they have to be on testosterone blockers along with the radiation. So that in itself, Androgen deprivation, you hear it called ADT, testosterone basically a medicine like luporone that's that's suppresses the body's ability to make testosterone. That is a potential side effect from radiation that many surgical patients don't have to deal with. And so you deal with hot flashes and decreased libido and all the usual because you're not just lowering their testosterone. It's going to go close to zero. And I think it from talking to our mutual friend, Dr. Mahadkarah and a Morgan taller, both of which have been on the show. The joke is I have the number one men's health podcasts and YouTube, but we'll say it for another day. Yeah, I'm not in there. They're both the kings. Well, I don't know. You've got Sunday. You've got some pretty extraordinary skills that are very unique to a small subset of. Physicians to be able to really treat arthritis and things of this nature as well as cancer. But certain prostate cancers, they do well with testosterone therapy. It all just I guess it just depends on that. Interesting and what is he's obviously on the forefront of all the research they've done. Despite all of that and all his data is very valid. We still, the standard of care. We still use for aggressive prostate cancers. We deprive the body of testosterone for a period of several months to even several years. And that still has shown a survival advantage in those situations. Now, the good part is, once they're cured, their PSA goes down, Moe hit can put his patients back on testosterone, which in the old days, they wouldn't, I would be a big no-no, no tea for life. But now he's shown that it can be brought back. But there is a temporary window with radiation, you know, the radiation might only be six weeks. If it's a more aggressive prostate cancer, they might need six to 12 months of hydrogen suppression. But in the big scheme of things, that's all reversible. Yeah. And there's better drugs now to some of the modern oral LHRH agonists. They don't cause as long or as severe of the hot flashes as the old loopron shot did. So it's gotten better. But for some of the lower grade patients who don't need the hydrogen suppression, if it's just radiation alone, extremely well tolerated. They really, the only thing that patients have is a little frequency or urgency. We're in Texas, so if they're spicy foods, maybe a little bit of dysuria, and everything's your passing, the spicy chemical capsafe, and a little bit out of the urethra, but that's really minimal stuff. Patients are thrilled because they can go through their life. I have body builders that are still training for competitions, and they're coming in for their treatment. They get their treatment and go right back to whatever they're doing. We got retired guy. Same day. Same day. Same hour. I mean literally 15 minutes had straight from my clinic straight to the gym. We got older guys that had straight to the golf course straight to the, you know, back to whatever they were doing. And they'd go, my dad, I should treat my own father. And he rides his bike three miles a day. And the only thing that was bothering him was his hand was getting sore and I fixed that too. Is there anyone who would not be accounted for radiation therapy? For example, prostate breast. Very few. There are rare situations like there's certain hereditary disorders of DNA repair like zero-dermum pigmentosum and stuff that you probably haven't heard about this med school. Yeah, I don't even think about that. Yeah, I'd like it. Those are, you know, you'll hear about a case where a patient can't be out in the sun at all. And so zero-dermum pigmentosum, these patients have no DNA repairs. So even the minor amount of UV exposure, they'll have horrible sunburns and things like that. So in those, and again, I don't think I've ever seen one of those people in real life. But theoretically, there are cases like that. And there's individual situations like not a absolute contraindication, but a relative contraindication could be an active autoimmune disease, like a really bad rheumatoid arthritis or showgreens disease. Any of those things might cause the radiation type of the DNA damage caused by radiation to be more severe. I've still treated people with all of these things, and as long as you do it properly and you modify the dose appropriately, it's still very doable, but that is a potential issue. Or if they've had a previous tumor in the same area, been previously radiated, we have to be very careful. It's not an absolute contraindication, but relatively speaking, I have to make sure that my dose doesn't overlap with what was previously treated. And things like that. It's that time again, man flu season, wait, no, just kidding. All flu season. And needed immune support. It's an easy to take delicious, elderberry powder, and it's designed to support optimal immune health for the whole family. Man, when I was pregnant, I could not figure out what to take. And most immune support products aren't designed for all ages and all stages. Needed immune support is safe, and effective for the whole family. Kids, pregnant moms, nursing mothers, it has zinc, elderberry, pre-bottoms, and post-biotics in optimal forms. And of course, dosages that are clinically studied, safe and effective. It is formulated by a group of pediatric practitioners and moms, one serving daily for optimal immune support all year round. And let's face it. There's a lot of stuff on the market, and it's important to get clean products. Go to this isneeded.com and use the code Dr. Line for 20% off your first order. That's this isneeded.com. Is radiation the standard of care for all cancers? No, it's that's a little probably a little too much of a blanket statement. As much as I'm a, you know, a believer in what we do, there's many, many different situations. So depending on what part of the body it's in, if it's a cancer that has a metastatic potential like a lung tumor, or maybe a lymphoma, or something, what's more of a systemic disease, chemo and radiation are many times needed. There's many situations where chemo alone can work. Because, you know, as cancer is not just one disease, it's so many. So for certain diseases, radiation alone works very well, like prostate cancer, but for most other ones, radiation is more of a, a part of the multidisciplinary approach. So in many cases, it may be chemo radiation and surgery. Sometimes surgery first followed by chemo radiation. In other cases, like for erectile tumor, the randomized data shows that chemo radiation combined will shrink the tumor enough to where then the surgeon can go in and remove it and reduce the risk of them losing their spincture or things like that. So many different scenarios, so how to make a blanket statement. And I really appreciate that because we've moved into an era where we are very radiophobic and to frame that up for the listener, the viewer, other than my dad who might be, I think he's the only one that watches YouTube, but hopefully we're changing that. Here's what I've heard. Okay. Don't use iPods. Those Apple iPods because it's going to create radiation for your brain. Right. Do not stand near the microwave. I've had patients who don't want to get mammograms because they are a freight of radiation. Other patients that are afraid to go through the security line and will request an opt-out, especially if they are pregnant. Did I miss any more other additional common? I think as a child of the 70s and 80s when I was growing up, it was always don't sit too close to the TV. Yeah. And so let's address one of those. Don't put the computer on your lap. Don't put yourself on in your posture. And so all of these things are different. Some of them have more credibility than others. The TV part, the microwave oven or the AirPods, the iPod. Those are all non-ionizing radio waves in microwave. So going back to what we talked about previously in terms of the electromagnetic spectrum when you're on the non-ionizing low energy side. Those are not harmful. So the headphones, the AirPods, the microwave ovens. None of that stuff is going to damage your tissue. And we know that those are strictly non-ionizing. Correct. Because ionizing radiation is much more tightly regulated. So like the mildest type of ionizing radiation would be ultraviolet. That's less of a strong energy than x-rays and gamma rays, which is the farther end. But even like a tanning bed for example, those are not regulated by the FDA. You don't want to be in it. I mean tanning salons are obviously big business. But those are ionizing and they can cause skin cancers and things like that. So but on the other hand, as you mentioned, the lady who's afraid of going through an airport scanner because she might be pregnant, that is ionizing radiation. It's a very low dose to get us like an x-ray to security area. But that is an x-ray. X-rays by definition are ionizing. And if I had a chance of being pregnant, I wouldn't go through it either. I think that's a very reasonable thing. Wait, wait, wait. This is really important for the community. So what is going through the is it the machine that you stand up at scans? Or is it the what what is it? Yeah, so there's different types. There's like, I think there's one, I'm not an expert on this. But there's a millimeter scanner. But they all do use x-rays. It's very low dose. It's probably not a big deal, but why take the chance. It's in theory. It is low low doses of ionizing radiation like any x-ray. And that if you have enough of them. Now, if I wasn't, if pregnancy was not an issue, I wouldn't think twice about it. But for a pregnant person, why take any chance? There's a principle we have called a Lara, a L-A-R-A. And that stands for as low as reasonably achievable a L-A-R-A. And that's one of the things the tenets of radiation safety, when no matter what we're doing, why not minimize things as low as reasonably achievable? Why put even if there's a 0.01% of chance of damaging a fetus? Why not make it zero and just not do it? But if it's not a pregnant person, this doses are so minimal. And that's where getting back to what we talked about earlier. Radiophobia is a real thing. And when you have high doses of radiation or whole body radiation, those effects are potentially lethal or at least very much damaging. But at very low doses, this is the point I want to make. At very low doses of radiation, it was always thought that even super low doses could cause DNA damage. And therefore potentially cumulative effects over time. And I would agree with that for someone with whose pregnant, that's a different scenario. But for a non-pregnant and a non-like a child who still has multiplying cell and is still growing, we try to basically keep the radiation dose at zero. But for adults who are fully grown, it has now been shown that the super low doses radiation are not only not damaging. There may actually be a hermedicum or mesis effect. Which he said, again, that I think we're not really thinking about it not very much. So the super super low doses, like they're mounted, they use for an airport scanner is tiny. It's so little. If I was pregnant, I still wouldn't go through it. I don't blame her, but otherwise it's nothing for the average person to be concerned about. Where else would we be exposed to radiation like that? Would that be the red light? Those red light beds, just also the red light beds. How long is which by the way, I use all the time. It's better to tell me. Yeah, no red light is visible. If you can see the light, it's not ionizing. So there's some light that we again, that maybe is being produced at one point. Well, my smart ass answer to you would be everywhere. Living on earth is where we get exposed to radiation. That's because there's there's radon gas in the atmosphere. Of course you have UV radiation from the sun, which is absolutely everywhere. And depending on where you are in the country or in the world, the elevation you're at makes a big difference. So people in Denver, Mile High get way more background radiation than we do here in Houston. It's sea level. But an interesting point about that, even though they get far more radiation, the baseline level of cancer incidence, Colorado versus here, no difference, undetectable difference. Even though we get far less exposure than they do, it's still within that small amount to where it's not a problem. People who are either astronauts for one thing get a ton of radiation, they're beyond the atmosphere. But even people in the airline industry pilots and... That was my question. They do get a relatively high dose because you're up in the air all the time. But even in those population or studies, I haven't seen any data showing that they have a higher incidence of cancers than those of us that stay on the ground most of the time. And is it the location of where someone is? So the higher they get up in the atmosphere of the higher. Is that because it's closer to the sun? Yeah, you have less shielding from the earth's magnetic field. And less shielding from the earth's magnetic field. Even though you're in a plane where you're not really being exposed to. You're still... Because it goes... The plane itself is made out of metal and that will shield a certain amount, but a lot of it still goes through. Have you ever... Okay, don't make fun of me. We're friends who don't make fun of me Sunday, but... And again, I did this while I was pregnant. There were blankets that were EMF protector blankets. There were shields, a placing my computer on an anti-inputable plane. And they call it this anti-EMF anti-radiation tablet. Talk to me about that. Yeah. So that's all the electromagnetic frequencies. No, that's all non-ionizing. So it's not of any danger. So you're saying, I wasted my... I, you know, again... There's a lot of things... I'm not trying to say, I've met a smother mess and knows everything. And it's your own child you're talking about why not be an ex-little extra cautious. I wouldn't... I would probably agree with everything you did as to whether it helped or not. It's certainly didn't harm anything. Maybe harm your pocketbook a little bit. You know, electromagnetic... You know, EMF is not going to... You could... You could have a television and a radio and a microwave on all the time. And it's not going to do anything. It's a really important conversation because there's a lot of misinformation out there. And frankly, it's confusing for me as well. Which is why I bought a EMF blanket and I used this tablet. Yeah. That I put my computer on. Right. But if it's not accurate and... It's not. Then I think that we have to... The whole point is to have... Did you ever see that self that... It was a viral video probably 15, 20 years ago when viral videos became a thing about the cell phone and the... In the bowl of unpop popcorn. And then someone would dial that number in the cell phone and ring and all the popcorn kernels started popping and becoming popcorn. That was like that. Everyone used to ask me about that. And I got, oh my god, if this cell phone can pop popcorn. Of course, it was... It was a joke. It was a hoax. It was completely fake. If it wasn't... The popcorn kernels... What makes them pop? It's heat. It's just thermal energy. It's not radiation that does that. So there's a lot of that type of stuff that's out there that... Unfortunately, it's a multi-billion dollar industry with misinformation. Oh, man. Same as we see with all these liver cleansers and all these... You know, there's no end of this sort of stuff. Hydration isn't just about drinking, coke zero or other sugar free swing beverages like breadball. Now I'm saying this for a friend. Or it's not even about drinking more water. It's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes and fluids. During life's most demanding season, like I don't know, parenting. Maybe pregnancy or postpartum. Your body is going through massive changes, blood volume increases, hormones shift, breastfeeding demands, you know, all those things. All of these life transitions, you probably need more and better hydration. And you need electrolytes, like sodium, magnesium, and potassium. All of this is formulated to replenish what you actually lose without sugar, fillers, and junk that you don't need. It's a clean, effective way to stay hydrated. And for men, again, it's not just about hydration. It's also about performance, recovery, mental clarity, and yes, even energy. Whether you're hitting the gym, chasing kids, or grinding through your workday, maybe even your teeth. Dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus and endurance. Element helps you stay sharp, strong, and ready. We use element because it works. Taste amazing, and it's no nonsense, just science, doctor hydration, that actually makes a difference. And right now, element is offering a free sample pack with any purchase that's eight flavors to try on the house. Go to drinklmnt.com slash doctor line to claim yours. That's drinklmnt.com slash doctor line. And then you're going to be hydrated, stay strong, and as goggins would say, stay hard. What about the idea of grounding, or this change in electrons? Have you heard about that? You go out, you walk. Yeah. Static electricity. That's actually important if you're putting gas in your car. Because a little spark can cause a big caboon with the evaporating gas fumes. So that's why you don't want to be talking on your phone when you're putting fuel in your car. I don't know that. That's actually a real thing. Okay. What? You got to talk about it. We should not talk on your phone. What if you're using an iPod? Yeah. So it's extremely rare, but they've been a few explosions. A gas station. People are an iPod is probably fine. No, no, no, no. You got to tell. I mean, listen, I do not want to. You only time I've heard of because we're going out. Because think about what's happening when you're on your cell phone. It's basically like it's a wakitaki. It's a fancy wakitaki. It's a radio. So there's radio waves that are going back and forth. But there's a little tiny amount of potentially static electricity that which we generate just by touching the ground. You know, static electricity. You know, on a cold day with barefoot on the carpet, you just zap yourself. And so that same sort of thing can happen with with a electric electronic device. No big deal. But when you're putting gas in your car, some of that gas is evaporating. And so the gas fumes are highly flammable. So that's a situation where if you, I'd get off the cell phone. I don't think they talk. I don't think they teach us that. Yeah. And maybe some people don't agree with me on that. But that wasn't actual thing. And I know that actually you'll see it. Some gas stations, there'll be a sign saying turn off your cell phone. Another thing is they turn off your car when you're filling it up because the ignition source of your car. The actual spark plugs that are igniting your engine to keep it running in theory could ignite some gas fumes. That's a whole, that's nothing to a radio station. We're going to go back to radiation. Don't start talking about car when I put it in the air. I say that I actually got into a fight with my husband about turning off the car. Yeah. Why you're pumping gas? Yeah. You told me, no, no, he was right. He said you have to turn off your car as well. Why in earth would you have to do that? And having said that I know plenty of people who when it's hot and 100 degrees in the summer and he used to add in your, and your spouses in the car, you don't want him to bake for 10 minutes. You do. Yes, you do. Let's talk about how your treatment, what your load-oest radiation treatment is. Especially around muscular skeletal injuries. So this is really a new paradigm for America. This is a, the situation is that typically we always use radiation to kill cancer cells. It takes relatively higher doses to kill a cancer cell versus low doses of radiation, which it turns out will actually stop inflammation. So if there is inflammatory cells in the body, there's a part of the body where you have a painful joint or something. That's essentially white blood cells, macrophages that have, that have migrated to wherever the area of pain is, and they secrete cytokines, interlucines and different cytokines that create the inflammatory cascade. It turns out that very small doses of radiation, not enough to affect the rest of the body, but very small doses can stop those white blood cells from, from living, space of kills them, and stop them from migrating to the area of pain. And so it's the same effect as a cortisol shot. Cortison is an anti-inflammatory drug. Radiation, the same radiation we've been talking about when given in very small doses, it wipes out the white blood cells that cause inflammation, and therefore it actually can stop the pain in a joint. And this is something that the rest of the world has been on to for 125 years, not just a couple of years a decade, we're talking about since the late 1800s. And Americans also used to use this. So this was a very commonly done procedure to treat joints for arthritis, even in the US, until the 1960s or 70s. But since that time America decided it wasn't a formal decision, but America just gravitated towards using drugs. Cortison shots, then when of course when ibuprofen became a thing, if it was a prescription. The first ultrars, you remember there was a time, you maybe two hundred, when ibuprofen was a prescription. So at that time it was a big difference. That first came out, then you had all the other the cocks, two inhibitors, the viox, and the celibrex. All of those drugs, they worked really well for pain. Now granted they had all kinds of other side effects, but Americans kind of gravitated away. Doctors stopped using radiation, they just used drugs for this, whereas the Europeans and a lot of the rest of the world, as well. But especially in Europe, the Germans and the British continue to publish studies and use low doses of radiation for various joints. And now they have very robust hundred-year-old data showing that it's safe and effective to stop joint pain, whether it's osteoarthritis, whether it's tendonitis, whether it's bursitis, plantar fasciitis, and the foot, any type of information radiation can stop that information, chain reaction, and let the body heal, and really cause, in really helped the patient in terms of pain reduction. Prior to the 1960s, when was this first utilized, and who was delivering it? Was it the orthopods, was it physical medicine and rehab? That's a great question. So in the earliest day, so this actually goes back to, maybe talk for a second about the history of radiation. Dr. Rentkin was the doctor in 1895, in Germany that first described what an x-ray. He gave it the name an x-ray. He was the first discovered that was 1895, when he first published, you've probably seen that iconic picture of the hand with the bone showing, and there was a big lesion on the fourth finger, which I asked my med students, you know, what is that? They're like, oh, is that an osteo-sarcone? I was like, no, it was his wife's wedding ring. But that was the very first x-ray that was ever done. That was 1895. By 1898, there were already publications in the scientific literature showing radiation being used for all kinds of things, for cancer, for one thing, but also for ankylosing spondylitis. It was given in the spine. Those were done by those were essentially, there weren't even any radiologists yet because it wasn't even a discipline. Yes, so this was just a general practitioner that had access to an x-ray machine. But as the years went on, then there were no radiation oncologists. My discipline is relatively new. It's only the last. Yes, it's roughly. That's exactly right. And so in the earlier days, it would have been done either by an interventional radiologist who had done some kind of fellowship, or just, there was not really no regulation. So, dermatologists were using them for skin lesions, but you didn't have a linach. Remember the term linear accelerated? Those were all highly regulated, very complicated expensive machines that are really part of the modern era. But back then, they had superficial radiation machines, or even an actual radioactive isotope. Like, for example, you have a tiny little piece of a radioactive chemical called strontium. And that could be applied directly to the cornea for a teridium, and it would make the teridium go away. You know, you can take that early. Right. You know, you probably know more about the idea, but I've heard of it. I mean, I don't know what you used for. But it is used like there's liquid forms that are, that can be instilled in various parts of the body, like to try to to coderize a like a hemange, you know, maybe something like that. Radiation was given, but it wasn't utilizing a linach's machine that is able to target. That's right. Where it's going. It was very crude. Crude. But it worked. One of the things that I want to really offer people is a solution, right? Right now, in the US, someone has plantar fasciitis, or, you know, I've had, I've had a ton of recidus. What you will be recommended to do is take, and I'd be profaned, or take something else, lay off of it, and you can't do any work for a while. Or go get a cortisol injection. Yes. What about living next to an electrical tower? That's, that's EMF again, and so that's electromagnetic frequencies that are not able to damage your DNA. No. But is that radiation? No. But radiation? Well, yeah. Okay, so this is like a whole, I'm not a physicist. Like, I probably explained to you better if I got a physicist to back me up. But the electromagnetic spectrum does include electricity and waves. Like, there's electricity, there's electricity and there's magnetism. And the two combined electromagnetism is what powers everything in here. But those are not waves that are able to eject an electron off of them. Because it's the radiation is that it disrupts atoms. So when you have just let's say a water molecule, H2O, you got two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom. When ionizing rate and most of, we're mostly water. We're just bags of water, right? With a little bit of salt. We start to, yeah, well, you're more water than the rest was because you're more muscle. The more muscle you have, the more water you are, as opposed to fat. And so when you hit, when a little x-ray comes and hits a water molecule, it will eject a hydroxyl ion in HO ion and a free radical. You know, all about free radicals. And so that creates an ion. So when you had a stable H2O molecule, now you have an OH hydroxyl group and a proton that comes off of it. And so when that happens, the ion can zip around and hit a double helix DNA molecule and damage it. And that's DNA damage, which is what you're trying to do in the case of cancer. And I, what I didn't mention, I probably should have when you're treating cancer cells. Their DNA, the cancerous DNA is fragile to start with. It doesn't have the ability to re-enleal and form the double helix back when you damage it. So that's the beauty. When I radiate someone's tumor, the cancerous part will fall apart more readily than the normal cells that still have the repair mechanism in place. But non-ionizing radiation can't do any of that. Is there any positive benefit of non-ionizing radiation? You know, I think like in the psychiatric realm, they're doing tests with like, they're using, have you heard of like, what's it called TMB or something? I'm like ECTO or trans magnetic stimulation. Trans magnetic steps. So I think with the magnetic fields, they've seen changes in brain activity. That's not my area, but I use that for the military operator. Yeah, yeah, that sounds amazing, but I know nothing. I'm a ignorant person about that, but in that situation, yeah. I can just freak cancer, but whatever. So, but they're again, this is, this is something that a little bit of knowledge seems to really affect people, including me, because I bought all that stuff. Yeah, yeah. But someone made good money off of those EMF blankets. It's kind of like those people that sell the copper bracelets and all that stuff. Why are they selling that? Is that for arthritis or inflammation? Why do people, why do actual professional athletes pan to like, new genics? Or what are those, when you watch TV, you see all these ads for these medicines that make you think more sharply and all that. They're not even FDA approved. They're completely untested. And they're all over actual TV, not just social media. And there's zero data. Walgreens will sell you all this junk for a couple of weeks. The copper bracelets. Let's talk about what works for arthritis. Yeah, not those. But arthritis is definitely something that can really impair someone's ability to live. Right, big time. And especially, you're, I mean, as you've been a huge proponent of exercise and muscle building and all that, if you're sitting around and you can't do anything because you're in pain, it affects your whole body because you're going to lose muscle mass. You're probably going to have to type to that. It is going to gain weight. High-pretending to the whole cascade. If you can't do all the things that you're such a huge proponent of and rightly so, the joints can stop all of that. So it's a huge quality of life issue. And traditionally, you would either have physical therapy, which again is the best thing you exercise, you do this sort of thing. But when you have a chronic joint inflammation, that's not going to get better with just that. It requires an intervention, which is most commonly going to be a steroid shot or just being on and says. Can we talk about the trajectory of arthritis? Sure. It doesn't just happen. Right. You don't all of a sudden wake up one day and have arthritis. If it's low-grade inflammation, that's right. Does that happen in stages? And so I think arthritis is very broad term. Let's maybe focus on osteoarthritis because rheumatoid arthritis isn't autoimmune disease. And osteoarthritis is just essentially friction in the joint from a lot of use, whether it's an athlete who's really used it up or just an older person that's been using their joints than live in their life. You have basically two articular surfaces of two bones that are protected by layer of cartilage. And as time goes on, maybe it's an injury related thing or just from chronic use, the cartilage wears away compresses and eventually it can be completely re-absorbed on bone. So that's like great fore osteoarthritis. But in the earlier stages when it hasn't gotten that bad yet, when you have this inflammation and this irritation of maybe a rough bone surface and the friction, the body's own immune system will come to the rescue. As it always does for any injury, and the macrophages, the white blood cells will be sequestered to that area. They'll come through the capillaries and they'll sit there and they'll release cytokines and interlucines. And that's what leads to the redness and the warmth and the pain, which is what we know is inflammation. But radiation in very low doses will selectively kill the weakest cells that you aim at at. And the weakest, most fragile cells are going to be the white blood cells. So by giving tiny amounts of radiation, you're not hurting your normal tissue at all, but the white blood cells go away. They basically die off. That's what stops the inflammation without having to, excuse me, without having to deal with a cortisol injection and the potential, either you're going to have side effects from the steroids itself or the actual physical injection, all those sorts of things can cause problems. I was my own first patient. I think I may have told you that story. My Achilles tendon was killing me. Cortisol worked a little bit, but you do too many of those. And as you know, you can rupture a tendon if you get too many shots. Plus it was really not pleasant to have an injection in my Achilles tendon. I decided to use the radiation like they do in Germany. And I did it. You just wanted to the office one day. I was like, you know what? I'm just going to try it. Actually, I should give proper due credit. There's a buddy of mine who is a rat on and floored. I tweeted about doing it on his Achilles. And I'm like, I have one of these machines. Why am I only treating cancer when I can, I'm limping around like an old man. I could be treating myself. I said, let me try it. I knew based on, I had never treated anyone, but I've been treating cancer for 25 years. I know what the physics and the physiology is. And so it made sense. And the German data was quite compelling. So let's, let's give it a shot and see what it happens. Where it calls him place the grain of what? Exactly. So we use half a grain. So just to give you that, that, that, that, We talked about early in case you made a missed the earlier part or your listeners might have missed it. High doses like say 81 gray. You're, you're very good. Exactly. Good memory. 81 gray is for a prostate. A breast might be 50 gray or 40 gray. A brain tumor could be 20 to 60 just depending what we're treating. So high doses in the double digits are treat cancer because you need a higher dose to damage cancer cells. But these inflammatory cells, the white blood cells, you need half a gray. So 0.5 gray and the typical protocol is usually six treatments. So like Monday, Wednesday, Friday, every other day for two weeks. So half a gray times six is a total of only three gray. And it's to a peripheral part of the body, meaning there's no vital organs. You're not treating centrally. So by the way, whether it's a hand or a leg or a hip or whatever. You wouldn't treat say a cost of arthritis in your couldn't. Absolutely you could. And it would work just fine. And half a gray even to the thorax is not going to hurt anything. That's an unusual situation. But there's no reason you couldn't. And in the last year and a half, almost two years since I treated myself. Now I'm getting this delusional of all different types of things. So we even spine spinal degenerative disease. I have people with low back pain that have gotten better. So you can treat any particular joint in the body. Because it has to be inflammation. Now when I think about inflammation, and I think about say plaque and arteries, there's a reason why that plaque built up. It's a physical agical response. Yeah, absolutely. Are you when you're using low dysradiation? Do we want a little bit of inflammation early on? For example, as I think about my hamstring, we put PRP in there to increase the white blood cells, increase the inflammation to hope for some kind of healing. Right. Right. And that's a good point because every little trauma you have, your body is going to heal it that way through the inflammatory path, pathway. And then normally the inflammation will pass once the tissue is healed. But what I deal with is chronic inflammation. So when it's someone that's had this, you know, you have a, I actually had a knuckle that was bugging me. I just, I don't know what I did to it. It was hurting when I got on the dark car. Probably. And it was three or four months. And it was getting to the point, I was like, this is going on for quite a while. But then it got better on its own. But for the people who are dealing with this for years. And then you do an x-ray and you can see in the joint, our particular surfaces, where there's actually evidence of what they, the radiologist will actually have cracked here that this is arthritis. That means it's not just a short term inflammation due to an insult that normally, most of these things heal themselves. This is for the long term arthritis, tendonitis, fasciitis, where it's just, it's not healing other, other modalities haven't worked. And at some point, the inflammation is no longer a good thing. It's certainly without inflammation, we wouldn't be alive. It's part of the healing process. But when it goes out of whack, and especially when you have a lot of joints or a lot of tendons, in case of my Achilles, there's a very poor perfusion. You don't get blood flow to your tendons. That's where PRP comes in in theory that will give you all the healing factors. But even that seems to be only somewhat effective. It's not like it's a, you know, 100% effective. But with the radiation, that will allow the actual energy of the X-rays will stop all the inflammation without having to resort to injecting a drug into it, like, cortisol. Which is more effective? The tortoiseone? Or, you know, I think about Don, my best friend, Don Layman. He's a world-class PhD protein researcher. He doesn't listen to this podcast, so I can talk about him. He loves tennis. Okay. His knees bother up, and I was telling him about it. I said, you know, Don, because he comes quarterly, and we record the podcast as a way you got to see. Yeah. Sunday, and he's been doing cortisol treatments. Sure. Which, if someone is early on, or like, if we were to take two scenarios, my dad has terrible hips. He will go to get a cortisol, probably needs a hip replacement, but that is late stage challenges. And he is maybe early on, and they're getting arthritis, or it's kind of early on in their disease process. Could they come in and pre-treat, treat early with the... They could. So there's two different scenarios. One was, I guess, the first question is, is it better than cortisol? And, you know, whenever I, as a physician, especially as an oncologist, when you're trying to compare two modalities, you want to nerd out and have randomized clinical trials, prospective data that really shows that X is better than Y. It's been thoroughly tested, and we don't have that level of like a direct cortisol versus radiation comparison. The few randomized trials that have been done, are we're not particularly... They were done in Europe, and they weren't particularly well designed and well powered. So I thought they had different machines. They do. And so, but what we do have is a lot of observational data. And so, what I can tell you from what... and I've seen this mirrored now in my own couple of years of doing this, I'm still relatively new at it, but even doing a couple of hundred patients, you start to see trends pretty easily. And me myself being the first one, the cortisol usually works faster, because you get that instant anti-inflammatory. And also a lot of times, I think, the pain docs when they do the injection, they have a cocktail, a little light a cane, or something else, and there, which gives you that instant relief as well, and I had that done as well. So the radiation typically doesn't work as quickly, but it seems that it has a more durable response, where the cortisol might wear off in a few weeks or a few months, what seems to happen more often with radiation, and this... it seems to be more durable, and the reason seems to be... What do you mean by Garble? Durable meaning that the pain doesn't recur as quickly, or it necessarily at all. And what we've seen based on the European data is five years out, half the patients who've had radiation are still pain-free, or nearly pain-free. That's extraordinary. And I don't think cortisol shots ever last even a year, much less five years, and what it seems to be happening is that both the radiation or the cortisol might stop the initial inflammation, but the cortisol is very short-acting, and the inflammatory cells will come right back in many cases, whereas what happens with the radiation on a microscopic level, the way these macrophages get into the area in the first place is through the capillaries. Now, you have microvasculariture that delivers the white blood cells to the joint, but with the radiation, it seems to reduce the permeability of the microvasculariture, so you don't get the next round of macrophages sequestering there again. It seems to inhibit them from coming back, and therefore you get more of a durable response. And that's what I'm seeing. In my case, I treated my Achilles almost two years ago now, and I'm still... And so the way the protocol works is the German protocol which we follow. You do six treatments, as I mentioned earlier, half a grade, time six. Then you actually wait 12 weeks, and if necessary, if there's any residual pain... In the first six weeks... Two weeks in a row, so Monday, Wednesday, Friday, two weeks, straight, six days, over two weeks. Wait 12 weeks, and reassess, and in Germany, at that point, they would say, I think roughly a third, maybe almost a half of the patient decide to go for a second course, and that sometimes gets your results even closer to 100% in terms of pain reduction. In my case, I just did the first course. I never had to do it again, and out of my 200-ish patients we've treated, I'd say maybe 10 to 12 of them have even come back for the second course. And those that do have most of them have been happy. The only people I've seen who don't respond well when it gets really bad, as you mentioned, a really severe, like a grade four osteoarthritis, whether it's bone on bone, they still seem to see some benefit, like they still feel good that they did it, but it's not a replacement for a joint replacement or something like that. But you mentioned the, I'm sorry, were you going to say something? I was just going to ask about, is there any possibility of disease reversal? So it depends on what the disease process is. So for an earlier stage, when you mentioned earlier, you're asking, can this be prophylactic? Not truly, like I wouldn't radiate it in absence of any symptoms, but if you have this low grade kind of festering thing that's like a, they grade osteoarthritis on a scale of 1 through 4. So 4 being like bone on bone really end stage, zero 1 being very minor stuff. Typically this is offered to people who have grade 2, grade 3. If it's just chronic and maybe it's not really debilitating, but it's just annoying for a long period of time, this works. And again, whenever I offer a patient to treatment, whether it's a cancer patient or an arthritis patient, no matter what any physician does, obviously, you want to weigh out the risks and the benefits, and there's not a favorable risk benefit ratio, you're not going to do it. So although the radiation works extremely well for most people, even in some of these fringe cases where it may be at works, maybe it doesn't, the benefit may not be as clear, but the risk is also essentially zero. So when there is no risk or very low risk, I'm more apt to offer the treatment, because it's not like you're going to be injecting medication or doing something that's going to have systemic effects. The low dose of radiation can, like for example, for a hand or a foot or an ankle, it can take a hundred times more radiation than what we're using. And that's within safe limits. So even if you use six gray and you do it or three gray and you do it every year, you know, point five times six, which is three gray, you could do it every couple of years, and still be well within the tolerance of that joint, so you know you're not going to cause problems. So that's why we do that. Is there any application for muscle, muscle law? I mean, obviously, we're not, effect hypertrophy, but you see a lot of these machines, machines doing various things. Yeah. I think, you know, typically when you have, for a for an athletic person, the muscle, you know, as you're rebuilding your muscle, if you're working out, that's all of it more of a temporary thing. But the tendons and the ligaments that are nearby, it's sometimes hard to differentiate, like a bicep tendonitis. It's not really the bicep, it's the tendon, but the whole area hurts. And so I've treated people like that, where I'll maybe treat the AC joint on halfway down, their arm, just as it radiates down there, and it does tend to work. But, you know, someone who's just sore after a really heavy workout session, you're not going to use it for that. Yeah, that would be, that would be overkill because first of all, yeah, it probably would make them feel better, but so would a few days of not doing anything, and you don't want to overdo this sort of thing. But one quick thing you mentioned earlier, which I wanted to touch on, you asked about, you, I think was your dad's hip, you said. One thing that I've suddenly that I've noticed now that I was not paying attention to for all these years, but now that I'm so tuned into it, I treat so much prostate cancer. The prostate is in the middle of the pelvis. The different beans we use, they actually go through the hip to get there. I've had multiple people over the years that I didn't really pay attention to, who told me their hip paying got better, which was an unexpected inadvertent side effect, but it truly was a big thing. And one of the guys I just treated recently told me that, and now that I'm doing all this arthritis, I'm looking back and I'm saying, you know, I've seen a lot of that, actually, for people's hip paying got better now, we know why, but as radiation oncologists, our title is oncologists, we just were never focused on this in America, but the Europeans knew about it. And it seems as if they're still doing it. And it's quite frequently used if you look in the literature. Yes. It seems as if it's Germany and the UK Spain, like most of the big, the leading minds in this, who've done it for a while are all European. And the data's very robust, so there's really no downside. One of the big things people are always afraid of is secondary cancers, or I shouldn't say secondary because there is no primary cancer. This is just cancer from radiation induced malignancy. But at these very low doses, unlike with high doses, there is no evidence that cancer is even caused decades later. We have decades of information. I wouldn't treat a child, obviously, you don't. No, you don't. You don't. It's just common sense. But even someone in their 20s or 30s, we've treated teenagers with kiloed scars forever. And we've never seen an incidence of secondary cancers from that. And no damage to the surrounding tissue. Or when you say no damage, maybe a transient redness, like a little air theme, for a few weeks, but no permanent damage. And I know that we're talking about osteoarthritis, specifically, but rheumatoid arthritis. Yes. Can we just touch on that? Sure. And so this is one area where I probably differ a little bit from some of the European doctors that I've talked to about this, where they typically don't treat any other type of arthritis on a routine base. They say this just for osteoarthritis. But what I've seen in what a few of my colleagues in the US who I've chatted with have seen is that with the differences osteoarthritis is a local disease, whereas rheumatoid or psoriatic arthritis, those are systemic diseases. So you're meaning for the non-medical people. It means the whole body is affected because your immune system, in the case of osteoarthritis, your immune system is attacking the joints. So radiation won't be able to stop that. We cannot stop the whole body effect. But what's more important is from a quality of life standpoint. The most important thing is that the health folks that have systemic, you know, have rheumatoid or psoriatic arthritis, they may have one particular area of the body that's really bothering them. And the radiation to that local area, it's a local effect. It's not a full body effect. They may still need to be seeing their rheumatoid just for a regular dose. There's all kinds of different drugs. They mean they're very good. They mean they're very good. That's sort of thing. But the radiation could be a great adjunct to just get that one painful spot. And it improves their quality of life. I mean, I have to say, I think that that sounds really, really innovative and important. Because you get these patients that they're suffering with rheumatoid arthritis. And even if it's a systemic disease, if you're able to treat these joints and you're limiting pain because again, I care about muscle. Right. And I don't care about muscle in isolation. I care about it from a metabolic perspective, quality of life, all things point back to muscle. That's right. I mean muscle centric, right? That's right, sir. And if you're muscle centric and if you limit someone's ability to move in a meaningful way, then maybe not immediately we change their aging capacity and make it very poor. But it's going to happen. Right. What about post operatively? Okay. What type of surgery you're trying to know? I'm just thinking post surgical post-hyperplacement, post shoulder replacement, any of those. You bring up a great point which is on a slight tangents. I won't go too far off on it. But my first exposure and most radiation oncologists like me who do cancer for a living, in residency training, this is something that we did see a fair bit of, which we don't see in the private practice setting, but post traumatic. So if someone has had a motorcycle accident with a hip, like a broken hip, or even a shattered pelvis that's been reconstructed, one of the common problems that they get once they are reconstructed and they get back to normal life, is heterotopic ossification or HO. And that's basically where you've got this chronic inflammation, like, for example, in the hip in the acetabular area, where the body will lay down calcium. You know, that's part of the inflammatory process is laying down of calcium, and it can literally lock up that hip joint. When you have a calcium, like a bone bridge that forms between the pelvic bone, the iliac bone, and the greater choke cancer, for example, and it can lock it up. So early data is data goes back to probably as old as they are threated, it's data from 100 years ago. They found that if you give a low dose of radiation just after the surgical intervention that you will prevent that inflammation from occurring and therefore the heterotopic ossification won't lock up their hip. So I was actually doing that way back 20 years ago, but that's only an opposed traumatic setting. It wouldn't be for, like, a C section or something like that. But when there's an actual bone trauma, if you radiate that area, it will prevent head retopic ossification. That reminds me of we were talking earlier about culoids and we're talking about scarring. Yep. And again, I joke and say that we have the number one men's health podcast and a man can essentially, I don't want to say, foractress penis, but over time, if an individual gets scar tissue that creates curvature, which is known as piranys, disease, can be really painful and uncomfortable for men. For sure. Can you use low dose radiation to potentially treat that? It has been done. There are publications on it. I haven't done it personally, but when you think about the physiology of it, it's the same thing. Fiber blasts lay down scar tissue. And normally the body regulates that and stops the scar tissue from overgrowing and things like that. But the same way that a culoid forms or the same way you get a terrigium in your eye, piranys disease response to a penile trauma will cause scar tissue to form. And radiation can help stop that. It can help to soften existing scars and keep them from getting worse. Because the problem is it's a self-propegame where keeps continuing to get worse. The most common scenario I'm actually seeing it in now is dopatrons contractures with the hand, which is essentially scar tissue forming, just under the skin up, not in the tendon itself, but near the tendons for your hand. And these contractors develop to the point where they can cause irreversible bends of the fingers. And so we wouldn't get amputations from that because it's gotten so bad where they've tried to fix it. And when they do it, what they call a needle aponorotomy that's a common hand procedure, where they release the scar tissue and straighten it out. Unfortunately, the actual surgery stimulates more scar. So by radiating those areas after they've been operated on that allows the scar tissue. It just keeps the scar tissue from forming again. And so dopatrons and then there's actually a foot equivalent of dopatrons, which I wasn't even aware of until I started reading, but it's called leader hose disease. So you can get plantar fibromatosis, which can be very painful if you're trying to walk on these things. And it's not plantar fasciais. It's actually just scarring to get these big, thick nodules on the bottom of your foot, which would be terrible for trying to be able. And so the radiation is an alternative to surgery for that as well, because it'll soften up those areas. Now, if you have a really bad one where you got a finger contracture, you got to have surgery. You have to have surgery. But in these earlier cases, it's used a lot. And pyronies is a similar type of disease, so it should work similarly. And I have seen some data I was talking with some of our urology colleagues about it, but we haven't done it yet. Not yet, but you never know. This area you could be one of the first in the area. The data is there. But why what's holding back the US from adopting more of these practices and how many physicians are doing and using radiation to treat these eye-dices? Sure. So, you know, about 50 years ago or so when this was a new field, it was actually referred to as radiotherapy. And as a profession, a lot of the early, what we now call radiation oncologists, they actually really lobbied to be called radiation oncologist. So oncology is in our name. And therefore, everyone is so focused on oncology, which is the study of cancer, that all these benign diseases for the most part got left by the waste side in the US. Now, many other, basically any other country you go to, there is a much higher utilization of these sorts of things for benign diseases, whether it's kiloids or arthritis or any of these things. But in the US, it's been highly, highly underutilized, but I think we're at the very precipice of this changing. You're starting to see, I was really not even, it wasn't that I was a non-believer, we just didn't focus on it. But now that I treated myself, I became a believer instantly. I'm still not limping two years later. And now that we've seen a couple hundred patients, I'm seeing the true trends of how well it works, I think a lot of other doctors like myself are starting to maybe start to pick up on it. When I talk to my colleagues all the time, I'll tell them what to do. And I'll get emails from people all over the country and say, you have somebody in Montana or somebody in North Dakota. So I'll talk to the local doctors and explain to them, most of them are still not doing it. But I think we're getting to a point where that's really going to change. And to be clear, it should be a radiation oncologist. It has to be. No other doctor is trained with the radiation safety techniques, and knowing exactly what to do. Even in the situation where you may have a dermatologist that only treats skin cancer, they may have a machine in their office that can just treat superficial skin lesions. But you still have to have radiation oncology supervision to do that. I think that you're really innovating. And I'm grateful for you. And I know that many of our mutual friends are. You are providing a solution that is critical because we have to be able to treat these challenges for people, so that they can go on with their life. And it's exciting. It really works and they people think you're a hero because you eliminate their pain, almost instantly with no side effects of it. It excites me. It's just fun. Like I have a good time going to work every day. I mean, there's nothing better than being able to positively impact someone's life. Right. For all these years, the dopamine came from telling people they were now cancer-free, that their cancer is, which is also a huge thing, obviously. But now we're seeing the same thing in the pain space, where your pain free, and that usually happens even faster, so instant gratification. And if people want to come see you, obviously we'll include the link where can I go? Yeah. So my website is doctorsonjmail.org, drs.org, drs.njawiameht.org. And on there I have a phone number and an email you can reach me on. But my clinic is right behind us here on South Maine, so it's 91-50 South Main Street, right across from an RG Stadium, and they can call any time 713-63081-81. And your practice takes insurance? All insurance. And of course most patients are Medicare age, so that's the typical thing we see the most. But yeah, most insurance is. Well, drs.nj, I'm excited to be a patient of yours. And I'm going forward to a week in helping you. Can it be great? I will report back. Thank you so much.