But that also gets dangerous because now you get patients who bring in these AI or these even just filtered pictures in the cells. Like this is how I want to look like. And then there's little things that people don't realize is that if you've got a smartphone and you're taking a selfie, study show that that selfie will make your nose look 30% bigger than it really is. What? Yes, 30% bigger. And so some people are taking selfies either. I want to get a nose job and it's like, no, it's because it's that your phones making your nose a group sent large and that it is. Take a picture from five feet away with the rear facing camera. Then see if you like your nose. Could you probably like it a lot more? Thank you to Mudwater for sponsoring this episode of the show. You know, guys, I cannot believe Mudwater decided to come as a sponsor onto the show because I absolutely love this product and have been using this product for quite some time. Mudwater tastes like chai. So there's cacao and chai. There's a little bit of caffeine. It's amazing warm. It helps me focus. It has functional mushrooms in it. A fraction of the caffeine. You've absolutely got to try this. If I don't want to have a cup of coffee in the afternoon, I have been using Mudwater. I heard it first from a former Navy SEAL friend of mine. It's 100% USDA certified organic, non-GMO, gluten-free, vegan, and kosher Mudwater also donates to support psychedelic research. And best yet, you can try Mudwater now for 29 bucks. That's less than $1 cup go to mudwater.com slash a doctor lion. That's mudwater.com slash doctor lion. And you will get yours for 29 bucks. Case amazing. Dr. Anthony Yoon, thank you so much for joining me in person. I appreciate it. Thank you so much for having me. Yeah, long time coming. And I know we've known each other for many years. And this is, I think, our first time that we can actually do it. Did you do my podcast? You may have back in the day. Yeah, probably. You did. It's been years. Five years ago maybe. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. A lot has changed since then. Yes, it has. And I'm so grateful to have you on. And there's a couple reasons. Well, number one, you're an amazing human and amazing surgeon. And then the other thing is you also have a very interesting perspective on plastic surgery. Now, this is a medical show, a health show, health and wellness show. And people feel as if there's this huge dichotomy. And I'm sure you get this a lot. So they're saying, well, Dr. G, you're talking about health. But now you're talking about plastic surgery. You're going to tell us about injections, etc. Do you get those questions? A lot because you're called the holistic plastic surgeon. Yeah, is that a misnomer? Is that kind of a oxymoron? Exactly what I was thinking. So can you be a plastic surgeon and still be a holistic or be a doctor who promotes overall health and wellness? And I think the answer is yes. And I really think it's this idea of holistic plastic surgery. For me, is using plastic surgery as a last resort. You and I both know a lot of health care and fluencyers who, you know, they speak great stuff about food, about environment, about activity. Yep, we know they get Botox, we know they've had surgery before. And I really think it's using that as a last resort and using it in a way that I think is very, how would I describe it? I mean, it's it's using it in a way where you are really still focused on the patients overall well being first. Because there are a lot of benefits that you can get from cosmetic treatments. But once again, if you can do that naturally, then obviously that's what you want to go. And at some point you can't do it naturally. Yes. And so yeah, so the book, you know, there's a term I come up with called Auto-Jubination. And it's this belief that I have and I think it's true that we all have innate regenerative abilities to turn back the clock naturally. But we have to unlock that with what we eat, with when we eat, with nutritional supplements, with skincare and non-invasive treatments. I really believe that if you do focus on those five things, that the vast majority of people can turn back the clock, they can look five, ten years younger, and hopefully, hopefully, maybe not feel like they need to go under the knife. And this is an interesting perspective because it takes a lot to become a plastic surgeon. And you know, with your husband going through. Yes. And I do want to, I would love for you to highlight a little bit of the training because you know, someone had sent me an Instagram, people asked about the podcast all the time. And I got one recommendation from a friend of mine and it said, World Re-Nown, I don't know if it was facial reconstruction or surgeon, but I look deeper and they weren't actually a board-certified plastic surgeon. There were things that were really concerning and my biggest concern is if someone undergoes plastic surgery. And there is an emergency because surgery is not without risk, even though I was reading up on a lot of the history of plastic surgery in liposuction. A lot of people died. It was originally extremely risky. Yeah, they call it dry liposuction where they just make incisions start sucking fat out of somebody and they would have horrible bleeding afterwards. And it would die. It was a very risky procedure. But it's still now obviously, it's much safer and it's not without risk. And if something were to go wrong, you want someone who is surgically trained in a way that can manage that. Yeah, you know, one of the things I tell my patients and my followers is that, you know, I mean, any plastic surgeon or a clinical cosmetic surgeon can get a decent result on a patient. But really, I feel like the quality of the doctor is not how many good results they get, but how do they treat a patient who has a complication? You know, and unfortunately, I hear so many stories in my area as well as nationwide about surgeons who operate on patients, they develop a complication and the surgeon literally abandon them. They walk away. You know, it's the same thing that you see when people go over sea as they have plastic surgery, they come back to the United States, they've got drains still sticking out of them. And that's the medical tourism. Actually, that was on my list. I was curious to this medical tourism that is happening. Yeah, so I mean, really, I think the true tail, the true test of how good a doctor is, how good a plastic surgeon is, is how do they treat their complications and can they treat them? And that's really how I look at it. You know, I get doctors you hear and they brag about how many great results they get and some of them will lie and say, oh, I don't get hardly any complications. And you know what's not true because if you don't get complications, it's not that you are that good. It's that you just haven't operated enough. You know, that's what it comes down to. That is a really good point. And you're not saying that it's not an if it's a one. And it's the amount of volume and and really looking at a good surgeon is how are they going to be able to deal with not what goes right, but potentially what goes wrong. And it's also true that there are studies, you know, those are really interesting book by Dr. Atul Gawande, you may have read it at complications where they look he actually looked at studies of who what what surgeons had the best outcomes and it really does come down to those surgeons that do the same operation day after day after day after day, had better outcomes than those surgeons who were kind of like jack of all trades. You know, used to be when I went through my trading class surgeons, you know, they were kind of community class surgeons, they would do Cleft lip and pallets, they would do burn care, they would do cosmetic surgery, they would do reconstruction from breast cancer and cancer and other types of cancers. And they would do hand surgery and today the field is so specialized that you really do want to ideally choose a surgeon that really does a total of like maybe a dozen or 15 operations because the more they do of that operation definitely the better outcome in general the patients have. That's a excellent point and to become a board certified plastic surgeon tell me about the length of time. Yes. The hours because again, we have to understand that someone could call themselves a plastic surgeon doesn't mean that they are board certified them. It might be a cosmetic surgeon, they might be a dermatologic facial surgeon, there's all different kinds. So yeah, I can make up my own board of Dr. Eunes board of awesome cosmetic plastic surgeons and I can certify whoever I want. There's no law against it. So in order to become a true board certified plastic surgeon, I'm a certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery and this is why I went through you need to go through four years of medical school, you need to then go through at least three years of general surgery residency training and then when I went through you only had two years of plastic surgery but now you're required to do three years of plastic surgery residency and then a good portion of those will then do a fellowship afterwards. So I did medical school at Michigan State University. I then did three years of general surgery residency at Michigan State. I did two years of plastic surgery and then I spent a year out in Beverly Hills with a top plastic surgeon out there where I did a one year fellowship which essentially was like a apprenticeship underneath them where you kind of learned the tools of the trade and then I started my own practice. I love it. So you are in no shortage of training. And then you got to do all the darn testing, you know, you've got written in oral exams where like a third of the doctors fail some of those. So it's a big, it's a long haul and you know, my I've got two kids and both of them they're like, oh, Shabby, you're actually like only if you really wanted to do that because it's a long long haul. And does the field of plastic surgery change rapidly? It has been. Yeah. I mean just because all the treatments now they're so different. You know even ten years ago with a lot of cosmic treatments that we have now, I mean surgery doesn't change that much, you know, because the body itself, you know, when you cut the body like if let's say a tummy tuck where you're moving excess skin from the tummy, I mean really you cut the skin out. There's no other way to do that. What is really changing are the non-invasive and minimally invasive options. And that's where it's so exciting because you know when I first started my residency, we had Botox and they had collagen as a filler and that's it. Really people they were injecting straight collagen or what? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, collagen was the first filler. Yeah, but it only lasted a couple of months and for a while for most of the time it was available, we had to skin testing for it beforehand to make sure you didn't react to it. Now there's like such a plethora of non-invasive and minimally invasive options that it's really exciting actually. It's a really exciting time to get older. And so you know, if you'll say like what do you think about the whole aging process and the way I try to look at it is it is a blessing to get older because I mean if you don't then you know what's the alternative you're in the ground. We don't know. Right. No, no, no. But it's not for all of us, but we're definitely not in a rush. But it's the exciting time to be able to fight that every step of the way because we have so many options available. What's our moment in time where you're operating because again, your your books, this is your fourth book, younger for life, you've gone through a series of again, your more holistic in nature. Was there a moment in time where you're operating on someone and you've been in practice how long 20? Almost 20 years. 20 years. Yeah. Where you just said, you know, I this doesn't feel good. I, I, I'm doing these invasive because it is no joke. The recovery from surgery in general. So I had, you know, in the reason why I've gone in this direction and the idea even behind the whole book was, you know, I thought that I had hit the pinnacle of success in my practice. And it was many years into practice where, you know, I started out my practice back in 2004. I had sent letters to 25 surgeons in town, asked them for a job. Hey, can you take me under your wing? And I got zero offers. And so I went into town and met her Detroit deciding that, you know what? If no one's going to help me, then I'm going to take their business from them. And so I worked my tail. Oh, Tony. So I worked my tail off to establish my practice. I was working seven days a week for years. And, you know, in plastic surgery, you really insertory, we look in some ways, there are certain operations that each surgeon does that's kind of like the pinnacle of success, you know. And in residency, you try to do those operations because you know, you're so lucky if you can scrub into those. So if you're a general surgeon, that operation is the wipple. You know, wipple, you know, this is a 10 hour operation, cancer operation. And if you're so lucky, they scrub into a wipple, then you have made it. In plastic surgery, that operation is probably the face lift, you know, because patients may trust almost anybody to do their liposuction. But man, if they're going to trust you to do their face lift, you know, you've got to be pretty darn good. So for many years, Gabrielle, I actually gauge the success of my practice on how many face let's say I was doing. And I got to a point my practice where I had a year and a half waiting list. I'd had a couple of books have come out already. And I thought that I'd hit the pinnacle of success. But I was still like cut for surgeon at that time. You know, my goal was to operate on people. And they would come in like, yeah, let's talk about surgery. And then I had a patient who I did a face lift on and I operate on her on a Thursday. She had a face lift. I saw her the next morning. She looked great. And then that weekend, I basically hopped the kids and no big deal. And I came back to the office that following Monday morning and I had a note on my desk from that patient's daughter. And the question that she left me was, why did my mom die? That patient who I operated on died over the weekend. And it sent me realing as a physician. You know, like that's the worst love ever has ever been. So, you know, what it got me, it, what it made me realize, you know, in plastic surgery and well, what happened, but why? I'll explain. Okay, everyone is listening going that may be real. I said, we take people who are healthy. We make them unhealthy with the belief that they're going to be healthy again afterwards. Okay. And that's what we do whenever we operate on somebody as this elective operation. So I, that whole thing it sent me into an absolute tizium. I mean, when I found this out, I'm on the phone with with her daughter, my heart sank. I felt nauseous and I broke out into a sweat. And I spent the next several months trying to figure out what the heck happened and how could I have prevented this. So I started looking at all the medications that she was on, everything that she had gotten in the operating room. There was nothing that I could have done that could have prevented this. It turns out she had a massive heart attack. But I got her clear by cardiologist two months prior to her operation. She had a stress test and everything. So literally the only thing I could have done to prevent her dying is just not operate on her. And maybe with the, you know, with how her heart was, she would have died from something else. I don't know. But still like I still today blame myself for this. And so that really got me realizing. I mean, for a while, I thought about quitting plastic surgery. I thought about quitting medicine altogether. And then I realized that I had to look at this from a different perspective of like how can I take this horrible tragedy and create something right out of it. And that became this idea of auto-juvenation. I started reading books from a lot of our friends and mentors. I started realizing there was so much about the field about really medicine and health care that I didn't that I didn't know that I wasn't taught in medical school. And I started reading books from nutritionists from natural paths, you know, from chiropractors, from other physicians. And I started creating this whole idea, this concept of auto-juvenation and realizing that there was so much that I wasn't taught. But I could use this information to help other people to look and feel their best by improving their health and clean the health of their skin. Do you think eventually you will not operate? Thank you to Paleo Valley for sponsoring this episode of the show. You guys have heard me mentioned Paleo Valley beef sticks many times. And that is because it is one of our absolute favorite snacks of all time. I do not say that lightly. These beef sticks are 100% grass fed, grass finished by the way. They also have pork. They also have turkey. And these are all fermented sticks that make them extremely unusual because they have probiotics and postbiotics because of the fermentation process. Again, they taste amazing. They have high quality protein, vitamin and minerals. You know, oftentimes we're turning away from packaged food, but let's face it. We live in a fast-paced environment and we have to be able to have food that we can grab these sticks are it. You can get 15% off by going to Paleo Valley.com slash Dr. Lion. That's Paleo Valley.com slash Dr. Lion. And you can choose a whole host of flavors and options. Yes, because even now, you know, there are these surgeons who, I mean, I have friends who love being in the operating room. But I have been loves it. Yeah, yeah. And for me, I don't. Like, I don't enjoy being there because the entire time I'm thinking about what's the worst thing that can happen and how do I prevent it? Whenever I go into any operation, that's my first thing. How do I prevent the worst thing from happening? Number one. And then number two is how do I get the patient the result that they're looking for? But it's always in that order. And so which makes it good arguably, which makes a really good surgeon. I mean, plastic surgeons get sued when I've every three or four years. You know, I've been practicing almost 20 years. I've never had a lawsuit not gone wood. And but you know, and some of that, I think is that I'm a careful surgeon. I do a lot of surgery, but I also always have patients there, their best interest at heart, you know, and and if I can get them happy without going under the knife, like with what I share and I mean, that's the way to go. And I have a couple of questions. The, I was looking at some of the, the research and just the data and cracked me if you know a different number, but there are two million individuals. I think that go through liposuction alone a year. Have you seen, have you looked at any of the data? Well, lipos going to be the most popular cosmetic surgeon because often you combine that, like if you're doing a tummy tuck most of the time, you throw some lipo in, you know, if you're doing, let's say a break of plastic and arm left you throw a lipo in. So that numbers, I think a little high, my guess is probably more like half a million, but it could be closer to a million, maybe. Maybe it's two million and again, I have to look, but maybe it's two million that get cosmetic procedures. So there's actually every year, there's five million people undergo Botox every year, even close to seven. I think the last numbers I saw the number one plastic surgery with like lipo and breast augmentation are kind of always number one and two. You're looking at around three or four hundred thousand potentially. I haven't looked at those numbers recently, but that was last I saw. Well, I was talking to my trainer before our interview and he said, you know, one of the number one questions that I get as a trainer is, should I do lipo? Is it going to actually help me lose weight? What's going to happen after? And I would love to hear your thoughts on love because it's not actually used for weight loss. No, no, it shouldn't be. And it's funny because I get patients come in with all different ideas. You know, I had a guy come into see me a couple years ago and he was funny. He was probably in his mid 50s and he comes in system. He has a huge pot belly and I go, well, I hit what, you know, I'm like, oh John is, I'll just say his name on. What can I do for you? What would you like to talk about? He can, this I stored it guys literally. I said he goes, I need to get rid of this blubber and he starts grabbing his stomach tummy. This is all visceral fat, you know. So first of all, liposuction cannot get rid of visceral fat. And so visceral fats have found the inside of our admin around our inner organs and all of that. And that causes a tummy to look round or like a lot of, you know, some men get. Liposuction, you are limited in general with how much you can liposuction safely. It's not five leaders. Exactly. So the FDA recommends limiting liposuction to five leaders in one setting, unless you have blood products available and or you're doing this in a hospital. Right. The reason why is because you lose so much blood that you and who wants to go undergo liposuction, they get a blood transfusion afterwards. Like this, just not the right thing. Yeah. So how much is five leaders a fat? Well, not all of that five leaders is true fat. You know, you're talking maybe 60 or 70% of it at the most. So you're literally looking at taking off maybe 10 pounds. And now you're talking about a four hour huge operation where you're going to lose 10 pounds and you're going to have weeks of recovery. Like it's it's not an easy way to lose weight. Ideally, liposuction is best done if you've got stubborn areas of fat that just won't go away. And even I know that people inherit fat deposition. Like, you know, if your mom has a double chin, you're likely to get a double chin. If your mom has saddle bags, you know, fan of the outer thighs, like your, like your, you know, likely to inherit it. If your dad has a pot belly, you're likely to inherit that. Meaning because of the aging, if you do nothing, the natural aging process or just the deposition of body fat. I think genetically our bodies are predetermined to hold fat in certain areas. Now, you can lipo some of that fat away. Okay. And that will make that go away. But I think those are also areas of fat that are the hardest to get rid of, you know. So once you know, I have patients of mine who are real thin, but they have a double chin. And their mom has the same thing. No matter how thin they get that fat just doesn't go away sometimes for them because it's genetically predetermined. Like you sometimes you sometimes that type of fat is the last fat to go. It if it ever goes. Exactly. Exactly. And I see that even with people and I get myself, you know, under I fat, you know, this puffiness under your eyes, that runs in families too. That is fat inside your eye socket that's protruding. I have, I've seen patients of mine who are in their 30s who have that. Their parents have had it. And then they have kids that come in who are like 12 or 13 and they've got puffy under eyes. We inherit fat deposition from our parents. Yes, with plastic surgery, you can treat that, but it's still going to be in your genes, you know. But that would be the way. So if someone you're saying basically, if they have, it's spot reduction. Exactly. It's only spot reductions. Not really about, again, the most you would ever be able to take would be 10 pounds max. And then you have to think about bilaterally right if it's, yes, both sides. Ideally best done in somebody who's at a healthy, reasonable body weight and they go, you know what, no matter what I do, I've just got extra fat in my arms and my mom has it to. And my dad has it to. You know, those are really, and that's going to be most, um, I think beneficial overall because once again, there are those areas of fat that, you know, we, you know, people used to believe that, oh, if you've got fat of your arm, you just do a lot of triceps exercise. That'll make that fat go away. It doesn't go away. No, you know, as we know, you can't spot, spot reduce fat by working out. And so, but I, they're still that belief. I think that people have. I get so many patients who come to see me and they've got, you know, a little bit of extra fat or skin and they're tummy after having children and their husbands, boyfriends, tell them, oh, just do more sit-ups. You're not doing enough sit-ups. And it's like, come on, like, that doesn't matter what. Get out of here, dude. Get out of here. What happens when, so you remove these fat cells? Do they ever come back? Do they ever proliferate back? No, but the fat that's still there because you can't remove every fat cell can in large. So there is a belief on the minority that if you remove fat from one part of the body that you will gain it in another area, there was a small say that came out like 12 years ago that appeared to show that, but since then, there have been multiple other studies, much larger ones that have disproven it. You know, I've been doing liposuction for 20 years. I have never had a patient come to see me and they're like, yeah, you took fat out of my thighs and now I've got pop-out arms, you know, that doesn't happen. 20 years I've never had that. Now people can gain weight afterwards and in fact can come back. Does it usually redistribute back to those places? Not necessarily. And the hope that, and what I try to explain to patients, the ideal is that you give them the shape that they're looking for. You take down those stubborn areas and then if they do gain weight, they gain weight proportionally with their body. So it's no longer sticking out because now those fat cells are less in number. They may still increase in size, but maybe there's half of what there was before. And is it a very invasive or is it a pretty... LIPOP? Yeah. Yeah, it's invasive. So you make an incision, which it's a small scar, which is good. Then we inject a bunch of anesthetic fluid into the area. We call it to messin and that has lied a cane for pain and up in effort into help constrict blood vessels. I was wondering the issues with LIPOP in the past was that the first type of LIPOP is you just make an incision, you start sucking out fat, but they would just bleed like crazy. Right. So the epinephrine helps to reduce the bleeding and then after that you put literally one or two stitches in the incision, then they have to wear tight garments afterwards. Usually the patients drain for several days or they're just draining, seeping fluid and it's sore. It's not like sharp incision sore, but it's like somebody beat me up type sore. Not that I've ever been beat up but that's... We could change our shame. I just get it out here. You up for it. In terms of the increased use of OZEMVIC, are you seeing that LIPOP a suction do you have an idea if it may become less popular because the non-invasive utilization? When I started my practice in O4 we were seeing a lot more like full body lipos. I don't see hardly any of them anymore, honestly. And I don't know if it's just my practice that we've already cleaned up everybody and mission. And part of it is that somebody comes in and they're overweight and like I try to encourage them, hey, you know, work on lifestyle stuff first. It used to be when I was more of a cut first surgeon. Yeah, I'd bring patients back and we do four liters of lipo. Like a leader off each thigh, you know, half a liter from the front of the tummy, half a liter from the back and then we do the arm stuff like that. I almost never see that anymore. But that's also my practice as maybe it has evolved. But I do think, I mean there's so many people on OZEMVIC nowadays. Which I think could be really, really great. OZEMVIC or Mungerno, especially if you're doing the you're approaching recommendation was too low. Oh, I know. But I won't call you out there. So if you guys get this book younger for life by my friend, Dr. Tony, the outroading recommendation is way too low. So you're going to skip over that. It's interesting because when I wrote that, which I wrote it about, you know, I mean, it's now it's coming out now, but it's been written over the past a couple of years. You know, it's interesting because it's gone and I myself too, my thoughts have evolved. I was wondering if you're going to bring this up. Because they're a longevity doc. Like, you know, I really respect Dr. David Sinclair, you know, and how you look at longevity and how protein a lot of them in these in some of their studies that they're looking at how that impacts longevity in one way. But then when you look at it in a different way and what are real world situations and one of the things I put in the book is, you know, as you get older, there's a study that found that at over the age of 50, if you break your hip, you have a 30% mortality rate over the like 12 months, 12 or 24 months. It's crazy. And it's over the age of 50. Like, I'm 51. Like what? And so one of the things that I think once again when you talk to longevity and quote unquote, anti-aging scientists, they may tell you, okay, less protein may increase your longevity genes and have you live longer. But then the question in real life is if you aren't having enough protein, how are you going to actually function with sarcopenia and all those great things that you have brought up. So my thinking even since writing the book, I'm honestly, I'm kind of torn because I think the science goes different ways to kind of how you look at it. I think from a real world perspective and especially when I look at my patients who are mostly women and most of my followers, I am, yeah, I'm kind of going in and I'll give you a pass this time. I'll also, you know, I have to say surgical recovery requires dietary protein and also when you're not able to do training, a lot of post-operative patients, you're not going to allow them to do any kind of load or weight-bearing activity. They have to maintain that muscle. You're losing muscle. And so all my patients, you know, one of the things that I did and one of the first things honestly that I did after I had that tragedy, my practice, was I started thinking about how my practicing as an actual surgeon and it used to be, and this is how I was taught, is patients would come in, they go, hey, I'm on all the supplements, what do I do? I say we just go off of them because I didn't know about supplements. I wasn't taught about it. And so I started actually looking into the literature in Bo, and I was combining the surgical literature and a lot of that was in like ICU and wound care with the writings of alternative health experts and I created my own pre-imposed surgical supplement protocol. I got to hear it. And so, yeah, and so basically it was combined the two and a big part of it was, I mean, no, as is, was proteins. And so it was glutamine, it was arginine, and so all my patients I started putting them on this pre-imposed op surgical protocol. Now, the big, you know, so it was arginine, it's evolved now. It has, you know, the interesting thing. So it was arginine glutamine, then we'd have anti-inflammatories like bromolane and, and, what's it called? Sarah Peptadis. Well, I actually know it's Synec, which is, I'm blanking on the name of the sun, that's the brand name that we use for it. Anyways, I'll throw that aside. We put them on Omega 3's afterwards, it was probiotics, and then what I found, so I started testing people on this, and I found that, basically, my complication rate dropped people seemed to heal faster. And honestly, I was getting a lot of people, oh, then we put them on a multivitamin that also had amino acids with it as well. But what we found is that people would have a lower complication rate afterwards, and I had so many people that would come to see me afterwards and say, hey, you're dumb with the supplements. So it was literally, they'd start two weeks before surgery, and they would complete about six weeks after surgery, and then people would say, I feel so much better after taking these supplements. Can I continue taking them? Well, one of the reasons why with protein is just like you said, is once you undergo a general anesthesia and so many patients are not moving afterwards, there's a significant breakdown of skeletal muscle. Yes. And if you are not eating enough protein, then you have to, you really have to make up for that. And because people aren't going to eat protein, because sometimes they're sick to their stomach, they don't feel like eating much in protein, as you've taught, it's not, you know, the easiest thing to eat. Like it's hard to overeat protein. Very difficult. You know, much easier for them to sit down and eat a bunch of carbs and stuff. And so for us, we put them on the supplements. And I never actually went public with it because, you know, I had some of our friends, say, oh, you should, you know, create this and it's the healing diet and the healing supplements and stuff because my worry was that a patient would go on this and then they would get a complication like a hematoma or something, which can happen to anybody. And their surgeon would blame it on me. And now the patient would be upset with me. Like all my surgeon said that you're the reason I got a hematoma from this gallbladder surgery or something. Right. Hard past, hard past. Yeah. Yeah, no thanks. I don't want to take that. But the amino acid, and I will mention you guys if you're interested in the longevity conversation, everybody, if they're listening to this podcast, they definitely know my stance. Oh, yeah. They are your follower. They might not. So we'll refer them back to forever strong. You guys can read all about it. The amino acids pre-imposed is very interesting. And especially the full spectrum of essential amino acids is amazing. Is there, if you had to pick one supplement or one strategy, do you think that there is something that really, really helps with recovery? I mean, I love the idea of glutamine. It's usually for gut health. Yeah. Is there one? I don't know that there's one specific thing. I mean, what we've done now is we are converting there's actually, so what's, what was, has been very interesting is I created this protocol. And for probably about seven or eight years, we had all my patients on it, and I didn't publicize it or anything. Now there are actually companies that are coming out. There's one called heel fast. It's a friend of mine who owns it. And they're actually coming out with these pre-imposed supplements. They're all kind of group together. And they're getting venture capitalists and stuff like that. They're trying to invest in them. And they're the same things that I had created years ago. But it's fine. It's fine. That's totally fine. Thank you to Bite for sponsoring this episode of the show. I want to share with you something that I love. I love clean fresh breath. You should love it too. And that is why Bite is amazing. Bite is exactly what it sounds like. Tiny, little toothpaste, almost like it mince. You pop it in your mouth. You chew it up. You take your toothbrush, get your toothbrush wet, brush it. And it doesn't have any of the fillers in it. No harsh chemicals. Nothing artificial and no preservatives. There's a lot of discussion about the mouth, microbiome. And that is one reason why we want to limit a lot of the chemical exposures that we are using, especially in our toothpaste, Bite makes a great one. It is also environmentally friendly. It doesn't use those plastic tubes. They come in beautiful, glass, tiny bottles. And I'm just going to throw this out there. They make other products like deodorant, mouthwash. And of course, toothpaste. And you name it. They make it. Please go to trybite.com slash doctor lion. And you will get 20% off your first order. So I don't think there's one thing. I think it, you know, there's things that, like for me, once you're going to make a threes, I think are really good. But you got to wait a couple of weeks after surgery. Then definitely start that. Yeah, because the risk of bleeding. I think that protein is huge, obviously. If I depict one and not because you're sitting here in front of me, but I do think protein is one of the biggest things. The other thing would be the probiotics, because so many patients are on antibiotics afterwards. And I've had a couple of patients prior to putting them on probiotics regularly. Now years ago, who had seeded infections after being on antibiotics. Oh, interesting. So for the listener, seeded is pretty impactful. Yeah, gut infection can cause chronic diarrhea. Yeah, it's not fun. And so what happens then is if you're on antibiotics, basically the antibiotics will then completely disrupt your microbiome, killing off a lot of healthy bacteria. And this potentially can allow clustering, dipocill to take hold, that can cause it basically a gut infection. And that is, you can get diarrhea from it, you can get horrible stomach pain and abdominal discomfort. And what you do, you treat that with another antibiotic. Right. Okay, I am, this is actually so I, um, part of my team made me do a quick fire round. And I definitely am. I'm on for it. Let's do it. So all you can say is yes or no. Oh, that's going to be fine. Then you can add like two senses. Okay. You get two senses. Julia, Mitchell is once for you. Is it called gwasa? Gwasa. Gwasa. Gwasa. Is it a get or no? Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Okay, for what? So and what is it? It's a gwasa is a little, it's like a little stone that has a specific curvature to it that kind of, it's for some reason. It comes from, I think it's Ayurveda. It's, uh, but it has a special shape that you can basically, rub it along the sides of your face and it's good for pushing out like lymphatic fluid essentially. Now, there, I know, I'm, I'm, I'm not even used it. Why? You said I have only said yes or no. I want to know why? I'm, I someone sent it to me. It's beautiful. I put on my, like, here on my neck, my shoulders. I know that I'm not using it for anything specifically, but why would somebody use it? So the belief is that it can help give you a snatched face or snatched neck. That's the belief. I don't even know what that is, but snatching is one, like, everything is like perfect, like, straight lines, like, snatch. So a snatch neck line is like a straight line neck, like what you have. I would, I used to have maybe 10 years ago. I know a good person. And that body, technically is going to be like model type of. Okay. So gwasa is a, yeah, that, that looked like a question. It's, it's a yes, but it's, it's limit, there is a belief that it does a lot more than it does. It's not going to rearrange where your fat is on your face or anything like that. It really is a temporary benefit to reduce kind of initial swine. So if you go on a bender one night and then the next morning, I'll puffy and you're like, oh, I got to go see somebody, then using a gwasa shot can help to kind of push some of that fluid out. All right, threading. That's a big no. So I did that once. It was so, a pain, it was a terrible idea. Yeah. Um, that's a big no. Okay. Tell me, so tell us what it is. Okay, back in 2000. I can't believe I tried it. I, I, you know what I should have asked you. That's okay. So back in 2004, that's when threading first came out. And it's the idea of you get a barred suture barbs, sutures are basically smooth like they're like fishing wire. But if you take a knife and you cut little tiny bars into it and you run that under the surface of your skin, it can basically the connective tissue fibers and kind of stick to it. And, and if you pull it on your skin, it can make it look like your skin's being lifted. So back in 2004, they're all these doctors saying, this is a great, non-invasive face, it's amazing. They pull the skin up and they look at how amazing this is. And what happened is is because you're not truly changing the architecture of your face, that suture is not going to truly move something for a moment. So just to just to give people a visual, Matthew, are you listening to this? But you guys, Matthews, you know, is my producer. They put, I don't know, but they, they put like right under your skin. Yeah, yeah. A suture, a bar, like this, this suture where they put it in and they pull part of your skin and then hook it somewhere and then yeah. Well, because they're barbs in it, basically the barbs are the ideas it stays in place. And so instead of having just like one stitch that you try to pull and like suture it somewhere, like the whole thing, the ideas it sticks. But the problem is, is that the tissue will cheese wire through that within the span of a couple of months. And the initial sutures were permanent sutures. And so people will get like a three or six month result and then years later would come to see people like me and like, what is this sticking out of my face? And it was the end of their suture that's still there. I don't think that I, I couldn't have gone to someone that jabbing. So then that went. So then that fell off people are like, all this doesn't work. And so for many years it just disappeared. And something like, come to be a business, they stop making them. And then just a few years ago a new crop of plastic surgeons come to round and dermatologists and like, this is a great new way of lift the face, not invasively. Now the sutures now are absorbable, which is good. So they're not coming out years later, but it's still only last about three to six months. And I, you know, I don't think it's harmful specifically, but doctors need to be obvious, need to be honest and say, hey, look, you're going to spend four grand or six grand and you're going to get a three or six month result. And if that's what they want to do, then that's fine. But yeah, it's a big no. So it's a big no, no. And I don't even know why I did it. I mean, people, it's, you get sold. You know, there, there are doctors out there where their consultation is, let me sell you something. And it's just as terrible. It's terrible. Okay, anti-aging facial exercises. Okay, so there is science behind some of that. Stop. Okay, so the idea is kind of like face yoga is that you make all these, you make all these weird expressions. And they say that you are strengthening the muscles of your face that have gotten a droopy and weak. Now the truth is that it's the opposite of Botox. Okay, so what does Botox do? Botox prevents transmission of nerve impulsors and muscles causes muscles to, to basically weaken or to be paralyzed and those wrinkles smooth out. The opposite of that is making tons of facial expressions and the more expressions that you do, the more those wrinkles created by those expressions are going to get in set in. That's why like Jim Carrey and I love Jim Carrey, he's not going to age well because of all those facial expressions that he makes. So where's the truth behind facial yoga in this? Basically, in the end, what it comes down to is a more of these expressions, you make the more wrinkles you get but if you do a lot of that, those muscles will get a little bit bigger and there are some scientific styles that have shown an increase in volume in the face by doing those exercises. That would make sense because it's hypertrophy. Exactly. It makes sense. This is one for me, sleeping on your stomach, sleeping on your face, wishing you know with the pillow. Is there something number one does that cause wrinkles in number two? Do people need to use a? It does cause wrinkles and if you go with silk or satin, that's going to be a bit less and there are even special pillows and I've tested some of them. They sent me that I just feel they're weird where they create a face in a certain way so that you can sleep on your side and not scrunch up your face but sleep wrinkles are real. No, what do you do for that? I mean, just try to prevent them. So like, sleep on your back? I mean, you can or like a set satin or silk, I think that helps because you're not getting quite that friction and then there are these special wrinkles. There are these weird shapes and stuff and I use them. Yeah, and I just weird. I don't know. I'll do it if it means I'm not going to be mushed face. Well, there are some people who sell pillows that are between the breast. I definitely know that. I have you ever tried cozier. She's they're like so soft. They're bamboo. They're not they're like viscous. They're really, I mean, actually ask them. I'll see if it's anti wrinkle. Now we're going into some others because I'm curious cupping for the face. Do you see that cupping for the face? I have, you know, I think it depends on how aggressive you are. Like there are people who do real mild cupping where it's like a little suction cup and you run it under the skin onto the skin. You know, really with that, you're maybe creating some very mild exfoliation, maybe increasing a little circulation to the face but it's probably doesn't do a whole lot. I wouldn't be aggressive with cupping like they do on the backs and stuff because you don't want to get the bruising and all of that that could be potentially harmful. A lot of discussion about lasers. What's happening there? So lasers are a, I mean, there's so many kinds of lasers out there and I think that's what you want to consider is that there are non-invasive lasers that we call non-ablated that are very mild. What would that be? So there are ones like say there are ND ag lasers that basically are used to help increase the temperature of the skin to create some collagen synthesis. You know, those are very mild. Call to me like the, they're talking. Is it, uh, no. There's a lot of different, like, names. I think Moxie would be considered one of those. It's a non-ablated fractional type laser. And then there are the ablated fractional lasers where, um, so essentially the old style. Let me start from the beginning. The old style laser is basically burned all the skin off your face. And would it that be a fractal? No, no, so that's not. So the old fashion laser, like the CO2 laser, that's the most popular one back in the day. The Erbium was another one where literally what lasers do is lasers target a color. And they heat up that color. The color or wavelength. And the wavelength or the color that they initially used was the color of water. You know, believe it or not, water has a wavelength of color to it, even though we can't really see it. So anything that had water in it would basically burn. And so when you hit the skin with that, you know, our body is composed well, like 60% of the sudden percent of water. So basically just burn your skin from the top down. And the idea is you can exfoliation of the outer layer of skin and you get heat in the deeper layer of skin to cause that skin to tighten up. Okay. So all the laser treatments to and whether it's a laser ultrasound, radio frequency, they're all meant to create damage that deeper skin, usually via heat. And when you damage the collagen to a certain extent, that collagen will heal in a tighter fashion. It's almost like cornemesis in the way. And does it work? Do these lasers work? It does work. And so the original laser is basically heated by burning everything from the surface to the zone. The newer lasers now are fractional. So instead of burning all of your skin, they burn a fraction of the skin. That's like a fractional. Yep. Or pixelated. Like it's literally like tiny little dots that are burnt like columns of burning into the skin. That heals faster with the lower risk of complications. Because if you do a traditional blade of laser, some people it destroys sometimes a melanin of your skin. And you can look almost ghost like afterwards and stuff. And then there are non-ablative lasers that create heat, but without creating these columns of damage, those are not going to get you quite as much of a result, but they can still help. And an example would that be, what do they like broad spectrum? They're the pulse of time. So there's BBL and IPL is a separate category that's similar to lasers. Those are really good for spots. Okay. So if you're looking for just truly tightening the skin, just overall rejuvenating the skin, then you can get these laser treatments, which I think are very powerful. They're very good, but they come with significant downtime. And they're expensive. You know, because for me to buy a laser, it starts around $200,000. IPL also uses light energy, but it's a little bit different and these devices are less expensive. The most common use of IPL is going to be for targeting dark spots. So what they'll do then is they'll target brown. And so if you've got brown pigment on your skin, it can target that, zap that pigment, and then that pigment within a week or so gets darker and actually will slough off. And that's what IPL treatments are or BBL is the same thing. Is it fair to say that the more aggressive the laser, the more result you're going to get? Yes. Yeah, but also the higher risk of complications. You know, lasers are not the best bang for your buck, too, because they are so expensive. If you're looking at good bang for your buck, IPL is good, once again, IPL device may cost me $100,000 a buy. A laser, it may be $200. So the cost of the treatment is going to be passed off onto the patient. Micro-needling is going to be on the end. Okay, so that's going to be on the more affordable side. Did it yes or no? That's a yes. And that I would because maybe I only pay six or seven grand to buy micro-needling hand piece versus $100,000 for IPL, the cost of treatment is going to be much less. But the outcome from what I understand, so there's a few outcomes that people are looking for. And you know, you guys are listening and thinking, okay, well, you usually talk about how them wellness. But this is part of it. I am telling you people will do so much to maintain the health and wellness of their body and to look good. Well, I think it's so important because there is so much that's available that people don't know about to turn back the clock and get them. Yeah, and you're obviously an educated man, someone educated, because there's so much noise out there and it becomes very difficult to understand. What is going to work? What is a short term fix? So for example, if you do an ablative laser, the outcome that you're looking for from when I'm hearing that each laser or each treatment has a particular outcome. Whether it's a IPL for less brown spots, whether it's an ablative treatment for... That's going to be like acne-scarn. If you've got severe, like cystic acne-scarn from it as a teenager, then maybe doing one of those types of lasers, which is going to be the most powerful, that might be worth it. But if you've just got spots and some say, hey, do an ablative laser, like that's no. That's like you're at your... You're at a storefighting spot. You're going to store it and you're bringing it like a cannon. You know, that doesn't make sense. So the ablative laser would be things for wrinkles and skin to occur. For severe aging issues or texture issues, like somebody comes in and they've got just horrible age skin. They haven't taken care of themselves for decades. That's something that may be beneficial for them. But in general, I would say mostly for people who have bad old cystic acne because that's really, really hard to treat. And the less invasive options don't do a whole lot for that. Because I'm curious, if someone say they never want to go through with surgery, there are inevitable phases of aging, right? Or do we know what someone looks like who's never been in the sun and done everything right? You just have to look at your bottom that you're butt because that's not in the sun. Usually unless you're a new artist. So you compare the skin of your blood to the skin of your face or your neck or your hands. And that's in general, that's what your skin's showing. Yeah. So I think when you look at... You know, I think the exciting thing right now is that there's so much that people don't know about when when I look at non-invasive and kind of like where you want to start with, I really recommend as people start at home with something like a red light therapy. I think red light therapy is great. Is there a certain wavelength that you like? Well, so red light usually is going to be in, if I remember, right, the 600 nanometer wavelength. And you can go anywhere from 600 to like 630. I don't think that that's going to be that important. It's just going to be the device that you're using and whether you're going to stay consistent with it. And so for red light, there are handheld devices that I'm not a big fan of. They're not that expensive, but it's onerous. Like to be even around your face every couple times a week. The masks I think work pretty well, I use those. You do. Yeah, I've got one. It's kind of freaky. I mean, you're getting it's really good. I mean, by work on it too, and I'm Asian, so that helps. Wait, so the mask, my girlfriend, Raquel For Saleh, she does a lot of cosmetics stuff. She sent me one of the red light masks for Christmas, and you think that they work. So there are studies that actually have split face studies where you have a sham laser on one side of the face. And then the red light therapy on the other. And some of the studies, even in those little, is four weeks of using it a couple of times a week, have shown an improvement in the collagen and the elastin in the skin. And the outcome would be less wrinkles. Titer skin. Yes. Yeah, basically improvement in collagen elastin. Titer skin smoother skin, you know, that type of thing. When someone stops does a skin reverse or when you make improvement in the skin, the skin remains improved. Thank you. Thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. Inside tracker makes looking at your individual blood biomarkers very easy. Things like ApoB, which is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Also things like insulin and thyroid function. These are markers that should be checked regularly. And most important, there should be a low barrier to entry, meaning it's really important to do and it should be easy. That is why I love inside tracker because it provides you with a ton of data. Very little time it takes to get it done. Not only that, but once you have a good understanding of what's going on in your body, you can pivot and make corrections because as a living, breathing, being it is a very dynamic process to figure out what works. And what doesn't inside tracker also offers tools for professionals. Inside tracker pro is a no-cost platform that allows your clients to share their inside tracker analysis with you, so that you can tailor their health protocols and training based on their results. And inside tracker recommendations, please go to inside tracker.com slash a doctor lion for 20% off the entire store. You know, that's a good question. I don't think it's not like you're going to like revert right back to where you were before, but the time keeps on ticking forward. You know, and like that with any of these cosmetic treatments is that unless you're having an operation, where you're cutting out skin, you know, the time is going to tick forward at the same rate as it did before. Hopefully, slower if you're, you know, making these lifestyle alterations and stuff like that. Very diligent about it. What about topical type treatments? So there's retinal. What do you see for if an individual really wants to maintain the health of their skin, and they don't want to get a facelift? Yeah, so the first thing is I recommend this and something that I have in my book is called The Two Minutes Five Your Shunger Skin Care Team. Two minutes five years. I'll take it. So very simple. And we tested on people where we put people who had average skin. So this wouldn't be with you. You're not going to look five years younger for two months like them. So we tested on people. I took them two minutes a day. And after two months, we actually took the before and after photos. We put on my Instagram and asked people, how much younger do you think they look? And they looked approximately five years younger. So every morning, you cleanse your skin with a cleanser appropriate for your skin type. If you've got oily skin, you want to use more of a foaming cleanser. If you've got dry or sensitive skin, then you want to use more of a milkier, hydrating cleanser. After that, you want to use an antioxidant serum. Antioxid fight free radicals and oxidation, which is one of the main causes of aging of our skin. Bonus if you add vitamin C and vitamin E together, that will get you actually more of a synergistic effect. That's one reason why. It's actually our most popular skincare product is our CE and antioxidant serum. But you're talking about topical as opposed to external. This is all topical. I vitamin C serum if you add vitamin E to it, that's an even bigger bonus. They're synergistic together. I recommend a sunscreen afterwards, especially if you're going to buy out in the sun. I want to talk about that because my mom was visiting and she always wears a hat. I'm just put on sunscreen before you go out and she's like, no, it only lasts 45 minutes. No, you should get a couple hours out of that. We have to come back to this whole sunscreen. What does the SPF mean? We'll talk about that. I mean, usually at least SPF 30, especially if you're going to be out. My dermatology friends will say, if you're sitting in a basement all day, still put your sunscreen on. I don't do that, but okay, you do you. And then that's all I have to do in the morning. Okay, cleanse and a Austin serum sunscreen. In the evening, got a cleanser skin. Super important. If you only wash your skin once a day, you have to do in the evening. You gotta get rid of the days worth of dirt and grime and pollution and dust and make up and all that stuff. And then you want to ideally apply some type of an antaging cream. The first one that I would recommend would be a retinol. You mentioned retinol a few minutes ago. Really if you were to ask Plask surgeons and dermatologists, what is the number one anti-aging skincare ingredient? They would say retinol. Now the studies, though, have been done on Tretinol and retinol, which is the prescription strength version. Prescription strength, retinol has been shown to improve fine lines and wrinkles to exfoliate the skin, to thicken the dermis or the deeper layer of the skin, to improve age spots. And to even reverse early pre skin cancers. So it's a lot that that does. Now retinol is the over-the-counter version of Tretinol. And retinol, reason why it's over-the-counter is that when you apply it, retinol is non-active. But then after you apply it to the skin, it undergoes two chemical changes to become Tretinol and to become a new idea. I think I'm no idea. So it goes from retinol to retinol and then to Tretinol. And so it basically becomes the same thing. It just isn't applied. When it's applied, it's not active. That's how it gets. That's why it's not. Does everyone's skin have that change equally? In general, I mean, it should work. I've not ever heard that certain people just doesn't work for it. But the problem with retinol and why it's not for everybody is that it can create some acute irritation. So one of the big benefits of these retinol is that they reduce chronic inflammation. Chronic inflammation being a huge part of aging of our skin. And so the idea though, to reduce that chronic inflammation, in some people you start off with some acute inflammation first. And so some people they apply retinol or retinay. Skin gets red and dry and flaky for a while. You kind of undergo what we call purging. And then within six to eight weeks that goes away and most people can tolerate it. But if you can, if you've got real sensitive skin, then you may want to go with Bacuchial. The Cuchial is a similar antaging ingredient. It's plant based from a plant called the Bobchi plant. That's actually been used in Ayurveda and ancient Chinese medicine for hundreds of years. Is this a new thing or is this relative? I mean, it's been around for a long time. But in skincare products, it's relatively new. So Bacuchial has been shown in a head-to-head study against retinol to have very similar antaging benefits very similar but less skin irritation. And so for those people who are like, gee, I've really sent this skin. I don't know if I want to use a retinol, then say, you know what? Go with the Bacuchial because you're going to most likely get a fairly similar result. Okay. I mean, that's pretty easy. There are more to the two minutes, five years. And that's it for tonight. If you want to play a moisturizer on top of it, you can, especially if you live like in New York City. It's February. Everything is so dry and biol means to a moisturizer on. But you don't have to. If you're in Louisiana and August, you don't want to apply moisturizer and biol means don't. And then just once or twice a week, you want to exfoliate your skin. I was going to ask you about that. That would be like a Koji pad. Something like that. Yeah. So you can use basically like a gentle scrub. You can use like a light acid type peel pad, that type of thing. That's fine. And then that glass skin trend. Have you seen the glass skin trend? Is that a real? I think it's more of like a cool. It's like a cool and there are treatments. You know, we have one treatment in my office that we call the glass skin treatment. Where we inject, we basically micro needle the skin with a combination of just a tiny bit of bowtox, a tiny bit of filler, growth factors and sometimes with the one PRP into it. And that's kind of a glass skin thing. But glass skin is really more of like a description of skin that is just like luminous. You know, it's more strized. It's smooth. You know, it's the skin that we all would love to have. And it sounds like it's a one could accomplish that by. By doing all of these things. And the first step, you know, for people who are listening, they're like, Geez, I haven't, you know, I just use soap and water. I just use these cleansers or whatever. It's just to start with that two minutes five, you're going to be in care of teen. Like that's the basics. And if you want to play more on to it than by all means to that, you know, you can add a toner to it if you want, but you don't have to. Like you stick with these basics, then you're still ahead of the vast majority of people. Yeah. I can appreciate that. What about there's a lot of talk about these topical peptides. Have you looked at the copper peptides, etc. So peptides are another group. You know, I say you apply an anti age and cream at night. The peptides are another group that you can use peptides. I basically, they are proteins that send cellular signals to our skin cells to create more collagen. The other group of anti aging ingredients that I haven't mentioned are growth factors. And they do kind of the same thing. So the idea behind both of those is that they send these cellular signals to create more collagen. Exosomes now are a kind of more. Yes. What do you explain that? What is happening in that domain? So these are also the same ideas that these basically are these types of clusters of proteins that create, you know, that cause your body to create these cellular signals to create more collagen. The exosomes, the idea behind exosomes, and I think why people are so excited about them, although there's still a question with legality in my understanding, is that they can do a lot more than just peptides. So the idea with behind peptides is just collagen stimulation, whereas exosomes may also be able to reduce inflammation and things like that, that that simple peptides cannot do. The benefit of peptides and like copper is something like that is that they're not that expensive, and they're very easy to tolerate. So if you let's say can't tolerate retinal, and you're on a really strict budget, a lot of the kind of like budget, drugstore, and Asian creams contain peptides. Does it matter how you layer the skin care? So for example, you put vitamin C, vitamin E, will that be deactivated by a sunscreen or a cream that you put over that? Not necessarily, but ideally you want to go two things. You want to go from light to heavy, okay? So you want to start with like the lighter serums, the essence is, and then go towards like the moisturizer afterwards, and then the sunscreen last typically. And then the other thing you want to go is active to inactive in general, because let's say you put a real occlusive moisturizer on, and then you apply a retinal on top of that. Like that, occlusive moisturizer may actually keep that retinal from doing what you want to do. So the right amount of what you first like to heavy in general. And sometimes you can't, it's not perfect, but that's those are the two things you want to look at. Now another question that I get asked a lot is this creepy body, like the, do people ask you about that too? It's hard. Okay, the body treatments. So there isn't a lot. There are some companies that have, and this is one thing that we're looking to develop for the immune beauty is a body like retinal cream, because really what happens is that, you know, 60 to 70 to 8% of our skin is composed of collagen. And that's the part of our skin that makes our skin nice and tight and strong and smooth and youthful. But we lose about 1% of the thickness of collagen every year. And women after menopause, you're looking at upwards of 2% a year. And that's why you have women who are in their 70s and 80s, and their skin sometimes is so like tissue paper thin that even tears. And so one of the big things we want to do is we want to increase the collagen in our skin as we get older. What was your question again? I'm creating it creepy skin. Oh, that's a way we're got. Well, because I was thinking, you know, I have seen that so often in the hospital, if they were on hormone replacement treatment, would that, I'm not, I'll look at, I mean, that is to see if it, that increase. Yeah, I mean, that may help, I'm not sure. But that's one of the things I do think that my understanding is that once women go through menopause, that, you know, the skin gets even thinner and I do, and it's, and the collagen degradation increases. And so the idea behind creepy skin is that you've got basically thinning of that collagen. And so what can you do? Well, you can eat more protein. I'm a big fan of collagen supplements. And we were talked about that prior to this recording. And then the other thing would be applying a, a good cream like a retinal that does help to increase the collagen of the skin. So I would look at those kind of three things that I could see just as very simple. Increase protein, you know, obviously prevent the sarcopene because collagen is a protein. It's a large protein. Yes, I know. I, I love collagen. I don't love it for muscle, but I do love it for skin. Yeah, well, and yeah, so I mean, and collagen that you use for the skin is not necessarily the same that's muscle anyway, because muscles type two, right? Yeah, yeah, so when you, I know that you have a collagen supplement. When you made that, did you think about that? Or type three, the type muscle is type three collagen. I mean, two is joints type three is muscle. I'm sorry. Okay. So do you, because the amino acids are very difficult to get into the bloodstream, but I do know that the collagen, again, I actually looked up the study that you had in your book, which was really well done, that you can increase the blood level of proline glycine, some of these other things, which I was actually very surprised about. Yeah, it was interesting. There's so many people I've talked about collagen on social media and so many people say, oh, I asked my family doctor about that, and they go, oh, it doesn't work. They don't, don't bother with it. Studies don't show that it helps. And 10 years ago, even maybe seven years ago, if you were said that, then that may be not an inaccurate statement, that there isn't the science there yet, but there's so much science now that is so pro collagen. There's actually a weight loss surgeon. He's a bariatric surgeon on TikTok that I follow. And he's got, he's an older general man with kind of a bushy beard, and he speaks with a lot of authority in his voice. And he made a video a couple years ago about collagen supplements and said, basically, if you are taking collagen supplements, you're wasting your money, just go to the store and buy some gelatin. It's the same thing. And I was like, interestingly, a few months ago, he had a follow video, and he's watching his first video. He swipes it away, and he says, you know, I was wrong. He said, I think there are leaves that we have that we go by. It's cool. And he was like, I looked at the science and collagen supplements work. So the key with collagen supplements and what you're getting at really is that collagen is a huge protein. And how do you know that you actually absorb it when it doesn't get broken down, does it go through? You know, how do you even know you absorb it? And so what I recommend are hydrolyzed collagen peptides. And that's why all the studies look at. And so hydrolyzed collagen essentially, you take that large protein, break it down into individual amino acids and peptides. And those are going to be much more bioavailable. You're gut can absorb that. And just like you mentioned, there are sites that do show that they put people on these collagen supplements. They take blood levels later, and they see those amino acids are increased in the blood. But also there have been biopsies of skin showing the same thing, and increasing pro collagen of the skin afterwards. And there's sites that show an improvement in fine lines and wrinkles and hydration and elasticity. So really, if you have people now that say the collagen somethings don't work or the same thing. So there's something that doesn't work or that the science doesn't prove it, they just haven't actually looked at the reasons. I am definitely on board for all of the things that you mentioned. I also think that the dosing that people are using is quite low. I use 20 grams, but I, this is all anecdotal. Yeah. I think that at least 40 is probably going to be a better target. If not more. Interesting. But the trick, the tricky part is, you know, it's not a complete protein, what are the ratios? It's not a substitute for, it's not a macro protein macro. Right. Yeah, you can't count that. Yeah. And I think that's something a lot of people don't realize is that, yes, you should not count that as part of your daily protein intake. Have you looked within your own patients the dosing of collagen? Do you see that do they do better with two, three scoops? We haven't necessarily, because we put people on the same amount just because that's what's always been recommended. And because I'm not conducting a true study, it's not something that we have really tried messing with. What about hyaluronic acid? So hyaluronic acid is a naturally occurring moisturizer of our skin. It's also what we base most of our injectable fillers from. And it's something that's often used in skincare as a humacdent, basically it helps to absorb water to act essentially as a moisturizer. So using a hyaluronic acid, like a serum, I think is great. And you'll feel it when you put on your skin. It's the good thing with hyaluronic acid is your skin's going to feel more tries but not greasy. Filler is a whole other story. And we can get into that if you want, but that really, the thing for fillers now is we use hyaluronic acid because it is so adaptable. And we can create really thin fillers for thin skin, like say under the eyes, or you can cross link it and make it much thicker. That's going to have more salidity to it that we can put, let's say, in the cheekbones and like in the chin and stuff like that. Do you have any concern about the, it seems like there's just an increase use of all of these things, whether it's filler or Botox. Do you have any concerns from a health perspective? And also just with our youth, it seems that it's getting younger and younger, the usage. Yeah, and I'm not a fan of that. I mean, in my office number one, anybody who's under 18, we just don't see him period. And even those people who are 18 to their mid 20s were careful with them because, you know, unfortunately, social media and a lot of the celebrities on social media have really pushed all the things. Really pushed all these procedures. For me, Botox, the worst thing with Botox really is that eventually you may, like if you do it when you're younger, I don't think it's necessary. It's kind of a waste of money, like preventative Botox. Right. But the worst thing that can really happen is you can get like a droopy eyelid maybe. And then later on, when you may need the Botox, you may be developing anobis to it because you're used for salon, and maybe it won't work, you know. So that's one thing. Filler is a whole other thing because that can be dangerous. If you improperly inject filler, people have gone blind from it. People have lost parts of their nose and their lip and stuff like that. So that's a whole other thing because you're, it's definitely a riskier procedure. But there are operations that are being done in young people that I have more of a concern with because now you're talking about irreversible operations. And I've gone publicly some of them because I feel like they just aren't worth it for young kids. So now you've got people who are doing this upper lip lift operation where they remove skin from the base of the nose to lift the upper lip. And they're doing this and people are in their 20s and 30s. Well, I just talked about how collagen reduces as we get older, you know, and what we see is that in people who are in their 70s and 80s, they get like a skin cancer on their nose. And we can take skin from their forehead and move it down the nose, reconstruct everything. And six months later, you can't even see their scars because the collagen in their skin is not so robust, you know, the scars aren't going to get thick. But you do that in so many who's 20 or 30 and that scar is going to look terrible. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. If you do not take a multivitamin, you should and first form makes a great multi. It's not easy to get all the nutrients that you need in your soil and from your food, which is why you should have kind of like an insurance backup plan. And one way to do that is to be taking a great multivitamin. First forms micro factor complete daily nutrient pack easy to travel with has a pack for anti-oxidants, co-cute 10, which is really good for skeletal muscle health, essential fatty acids, fruits and vegetables. And of course, the multi vitamin and last but not least, a pro biotic. You can get yours at first form dot com slash doctor lion that's first form dot com slash doctor lion. So now you have doctors where creating scars that the base of the noses and people in their 20s or 30s are trying to lift their lip a bit for a cosmetic benefit. You have doctors taking fat on the insides of the cheeks and doing all these other types of operations even doing browless with scars and their brows and stuff. And I feel like it's just getting really really excessive. And it's hard because I come forward with some of that stuff and I get placerns we get upset with me, you know, and breast and pine illness that's another thing. It's like you come come out with with what you believe is a truth and unfortunately that gets people who use that as their money maker and they're not. And they're not. What do you think about what are your thoughts on breast and plant illness? I mean, so it's a real thing. It's something that dogma and plastic surgery for decades has been that breast implants are safe. But the studies really have not closely looked at those autoimmune symptoms and systemic issues with them. And so now there are more and more studies coming out showing really there are there's it's we don't have it any study that creates a direct correlation. Between implants and all of these illnesses, but what we do have our studies is show that if you have a patient who has implants who develop symptoms of brain fog fatigue, hair loss, rashes, stuff like that. And you are from about 55 to 85% of them will improve if the implants are removed. We know that for sure, but what we don't know is what percentage of women who have implants will develop BII? Are there other factors involved? Are there genetic factors? Are there lifestyle factors? There's so much to it that we just don't know. And unfortunately, I think we're also in a time where there are people who are using patients who are sick like that as profit centers. It's terrible. There are doctors who are recommending operations that are not necessary for them. You know, doing these huge operations for a move. What we call capsules and stuff that may not necessarily be necessary. And they're charging huge amounts of money and saying that they're specialist at it. And I have even colleagues in mind who will sell huge detoxes and things saying, Oh, you're only going to get better if you do this detox. You know, and there's no science to show that that's true. And now they're spending all this money and they're desperate a lot of them because they're sick. Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more, and that is just reprehensible. And on that same side, there are surgeons. I have patients in mind. You know, I had a patient in mind who had implants. I put in maybe 15 years ago. And she thought maybe she was developing BII. And she said, I'm sorry, another surgeon because her husband was seeing this doctor. And that person told her when she said, hey, I've got the symptoms. You think it's my implants. And he said, let me give you the number for a psychiatrist. That's literally what she said. So on the same side, you got these other surgeons who are not taking their symptoms seriously. Part of it is because they're, are they, you know, because they're women. You know, it's possibly, you know, it's just it's not a good situation. Not at all. What do you think about the use of AI? Is going to play a role in surgery? Do you think that it will allow patients have better outcomes to see exactly? Do you think that there's, I don't, I think that outcome, and we still are, we're doing that already. We're, you know, using three to 3D printing and stuff like that to try to predict outcomes. You know, we've been looking at that for plastic surgery. And I don't think that there is a lot there with AI just yet. I think with other types of surgeries, robotics are huge, you know, when you're doing, when you're doing surgery inside the abdominal cavity, and you're doing it with the tiniest incisions and using robots. I think that's one thing, but with the procedures that we're doing, I mean, really what it comes down to is when you're looking at, okay, you know, here we've been talking about non-invasive ways to turn back the clock. When do you need surgery? The main time you need surgery is when you've got a lot of excess skin. Okay, because you can't, there's no injection, there's no food you're going to eat or cream or whatever that's going to make loose hang skin go away. You just have to cut it out. And we're never going to be able to get rid of that skin without cutting it out. When you cut out, you create a lengthy scar. You're never going to be able to heal without a scar because that's how our body's healed. Right. But I think what we're going to get to eventually is we're going to get to scar treatments that will help to really minimize them, like very consistently, but we're not there yet. So we don't, we don't have major treatments for scarring. You know, the fact is that the one thing that we love for it to be able to do is give us novel approaches to get rid of problems that we have. Well, the big thing we want to try to get rid of is excess skin because that's what always necessitates surgery. How's that going to do it? And yeah, that totally makes sense. I was just thinking in terms of AI, it again shows you the 3D. But that also gets dangerous because now you get patients who bring in these AI or these even just filtered pictures in the cells. Like this is how I want to look like. And then there's this little thing is that people don't realize is that if you've got a smartphone and you're taking a selfie. Study show that that selfie will make your nose look 30% bigger than it really is. What? Yes, 30% bigger. And so some people are taking selfies either. I want to get a nose job and it's like, no, it's because it's that your phone's making your nose a group cent large and then it is. And then you're going to get a picture from five feet away with the rear face in camera then see if you like your nose. Could you probably like it a lot more? Um, all of that is really good advice. When you were writing your book again, people will have to understand and recognize it takes years to write a book. Was there something that you came across that you weren't expecting from even a recovery aspect or just a science perspective when I when I wrote it. The thing I wasn't expecting was that it would turn into this program that really worked for people. Okay, because when I started writing it, I started wasn't to meet for me to create like because I've got something that book called a 21 day jump start. And it was something that I created after really writing the book. So I wrote the book because I'm like, look, there's so many things you can do with food with intermittent fasting with skincare that can really help turn back the clock. And what I ended up doing is compiling a lot of those into this 21 day jump start. And I'm like, well, let me create this. We'll test it on some people and see what happens. And so in this jump start, it's very simple. It's three weeks. The first week essentially it's cleaning up your diet. Getting on a limited array of very specifically chosen supplements and these are nothing crazy. Collegions is the only one that's even at all like controversial. And then putting on that two minutes five year younger skin care regimen. And that's it. So the first week cleaning up your diet, increasing the amount of healthy proteins, healthy fats, getting rid of ultra-process foods, sugars, all that stuff. And then the supplements and the skincare. And then weeks two and three, we incorporate intermittent fasting into it. And then what we did was I, after doing a lot of studying on intermittent fasting and it's effects on a top of G and all that. I started realizing that there are certain foods that can promote autophagy, even though they may break your fast. And so eating fatty basically healthy fats and then polyphenol rich foods appear to help stimulate a top of G, even though you break your fast. What we ended up doing is then for the weeks two and three, we had very simple. Just for two days a week, they would intermittent fast 16 hours. And then when they would refeed at noon on their refeiting day, we would keep them on essentially a healthy keto diet where it's healthy fats essentially lower amounts of protein and carbs. And then after three weeks, we would see how they did. And we tested our relatively small number of people initially and they did great. But we're just testing HSCRP. We weren't doing that. So it wasn't like an IRB study or anything like that. It was just like, hey, let's do questionnaires and stuff. And then we put, we actually put it out there for 10,000 people that we did it on. And what really surprised me was because I wasn't sure if it was going to work. And the amount of changes that people got in their skin where they would say, look, I went out to dinner with my friend and I'm doing this and they're like, wow, what are you doing with your skin? Not knowing they're doing this jumpstart. Or people who found that they had improved their energy significantly or they found like, I mean, really universally people said my energy level is like through the roof. And then a lot of people also lost weight that they wanted to get rid of this well. And so really, I think what surprised me was like, oh my gosh, it worked. I mean, I love when that happens when you read a bunch of research and literature and then you bring it to the bedside and you're like, this is amazing. See if this works, and it's like, I can't believe it. So we did on our smaller number for the book and then once the book came out, I did a group of like 10,000 and it was the same thing as like people just all same man. This is so great and it was easy. And this isn't like bio hacking where you're taking like 50 pills a day. So like that simple like lifestyle changes and people saying, look, I don't feel restricted in any way. I feel like, you know, and there's no calorie counting like you eat, but this isn't, you know, a restrictive type of the thing, but just really making those changes can make huge, huge changes. Hey, you're about to love that. Where do you think the field is going? Where are we going? With all of this, I think what we're going is realizing that there truly is a lot of value to preventative health and to what we consider alternative health. Alternative health is going to become mainstream and it already is. You know, there are people like yourself. People who are also more on the traditional side who are really kind of slowly dragging the traditionalist this way. You know, I had a friend of mine who's a prominent dermatologist in your city. Who has been for decades and I did her show not that long ago and one of the thing we're talking about auto-juvenation and using food and skincare and she's she's like, you know, food is medicine, Tony, and I'm like, oh my, and she's like an NYU, I'm going professor and everything like that. These are things that you and I and our friends have talked about like years ago and I think it's honestly it's our responsibility people like you and I who are Board certified where physicians to bring this to the traditionalists and gradually kicking a screaming they're going to come along. It's just because they know it's right. Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more and I love this idea of auto-juvenation. I'm so happy that you came on the show. Thank you, Gabrielle. I appreciate it. I'm very happy. So much fun. Where can people find you? So I'm all over social media. All over by the way, when he says all over, I think your YouTube has has at least five million subscribers. Yeah, five million. It's five and you will get lost in the rabbit hole. It's a lot. Yeah. So my jury. So the book is younger for life and we have a website auto-juvenation.com where if you buy the book we have a bunch of free gifts including a companion recipe book. I would guess if you have certificate to my online store at Un Beauty because we do sell natural and organic skincare products and supplements as well. Do you know I didn't receive any of those? You didn't. You have to sign go to the website auto-juvenation.com. Okay, I'll send you some of my stuff. I don't have those. Yes. Yeah, I'll send you some. Yeah, I should have a lot of time ago. I think what you're doing is great. And I love that you are a well-trained surgeon who is thinking about things outside the box. Thank you. And you just make the world better. So thank you so much for coming on. I appreciate you. And I love where you have come from because many years ago we first met. We are in very different places. It's great to see how far we both come. Yeah. Thank you, friend. Thank you.