Most people think heart disease starts with a bad cholesterol number. But the truth? The damage often starts decades earlier, before you feel it, before you see it, and before your doctor catches it. Bend the field of glycoculax is the first layer in the artery sector's injury. It's like the care in the coal mine free arteries. It's a protective gel coat. And once that early damage begins, it's silent, but it's not inevitable. You just need to know where to look and what to do next. It's a mitochondria of what keep your heart beating. Most cardiologists don't talk about mitochondria of oxide. They don't measure the O2 max. They don't ask about rip strength or muscle mass, but they should. Because muscle is one of the most powerful protectors of your heart. And mitochondrial health. That might be the key to your entire cardiovascular Because lithium function, arterial stiffness, nitro oxide, and inflammatory markers, not just cholesterol. In today's episode, you'll learn why standard cholesterol labs are being complete. How the loss of skeletal muscle speeds up heart disease. What biomarkers matter more than umbeo? And why diagnostics, and not guesswork, are the future of revenge? Sorgopina accelerates cardiovascular region. The strength training can reverse that trend. This is the medicine of what's possible. And my guess today is one of the few cardiologists practicing it. Dr. Michael Twyman, expert in mitochondrial optimization, arterial imaging, and a bioindividual muscle centric prevention approach. Due to max is one of the most predictive markers of longevity. Handaged trainable. So, if you could prevent a heart attack before it starts. When did you want to know how? You can't manage what you don't measure. And you can't prevent disease. We're not looking in the right places. Let's talk about what it really takes to become heart attack proven with doctor Michael Twyman. Dr. Mike Twyman, welcome to the show. Thank you for having me back. Has it been 40 seconds yet? Not yet. Okay. Well, as soon as it reaches 40 seconds, someone in the U.S. had a heart attack. And every 33 seconds, someone dies of cardiovascular disease. It's a horrible staff. You know, it makes me think how have we not gotten better at treating that? I think we're getting there, but it's still the number one killer. Yeah, we did this episode three years ago. It's got some change that much since then. And I think we're going to end up in a lot of the topics today that I think might be beneficial to really help people become more heart attack proof. Can someone actually die of a broken heart? Absolutely. That's known as Takahsubosindrum of broken heart syndrome. Takahsubo is a Japanese kind of fishing vessel. I see a fishing pot that they catch octopus in. And that's what the left ventricle looks like when people have this broken heart syndrome. So they present after an emotional event. Somebody in the family dies in a car accident. They smoke cocaine. Something happens where their symptoms that drive is very high. And they present to the hospital like they're having a heart attack. And we would rush them off to the cath lab, find out that they didn't have any significant blockers in the arteries. And then we read the left ventricleogram. The heart wasn't pumping very well. And so kind of supportive care. After a couple of days, you're just like the heart function returns to normal. But it's a high risk of sudden cardiac death when you have that. Is it mostly women or men? Generally women hold their women particularly. We hear the term heart disease all the time. But what is heart disease? That's the umbrella term. I mean, there's cornyard disease. There's heart failure. There's value of heart disease. So you really have to do defined terms. But you have vasca disease. You know, 60,000 miles of blood vessels. You gotta go looking where the disease is at. You know, as I was preparing for this episode, cardiovascular disease as you had mentioned, is still so prevalent. And it's not getting better, which is surprising. And it makes me think, okay, what do we know that drives heart disease? And again, it is an umbrella term. So perhaps we start with, I don't know, take your pick. Stroke. So stroke can be their eschemic or thrombin ballad. So eschemic means there's not blood flow coming to the tissue. And without oxygen nutrients coming to the tissue, that tissue starts to die. And in ballac event is where more of a blood clot forms. Many times, the heart patients, the student age for ablation, a clot forms in their left atatria. That clot breaks free. It gets lodged in the brain. And, you know, steals blood flow from the territory downstream. That tissue will die unless it's re-vasturized. So stroke also is probably more scary to many people because heart attacks if you survive to get to the cathab, usually do pretty well. But stroke can be debilitating for the rest of your life. But the same risk factors for heart disease are the same things that contribute to stroke in most people. And what are those things? I mean, it's the common ones. It's smoking. It's high blood measure, diabetes, high lipids, physical and activity. Those are probably the top five. But there may be 395 other things that can really damage your arteries. Do we know if we take smoking out of it? Do we know what would be the biggest contributor of heart disease? It's probably pretty close between dyslibidemia and high blood pressure. You know, lipids gets a lot of the headlines. You know, because there's a lot of dietary interventions. Some people can do that. Make their lipids change. But blood pressure is really that silent killer. You don't feel it often. You know, if you're starting to feel your blood pressure, it's pretty bad. Now, usually pretty close to having a stroke or going blind. So it's really called the silent killer for a reason. You're going to be getting pound of this high pressure for years and to start day to faster than it should. How would someone know that do you feel heart disease? Generally know. I mean, the unfortunate fact is that when people have heart attacks, that's often the first symptom that they had heart disease. If you're having chest pain, tighten this in your chest with exercise. So your shoulders are breath, their exercise and power. Those are often signs that you're developing severe catharsis and your coronary arteries. The arteries are provided the nutrients to the heart. But typically, you're not going to have that sensation until your arteries are blocked 70 to 80 percent with plaque. So most people have no symptoms until the pretty late of the game. You know, Matt, my producer and wingman over there, we were talking about exercise and then we were talking about obesity and heart disease. And Matt was saying, you know, if someone is struggling with obesity, they have a much bigger body mass and the heart has to work so much harder. When you add in exercise is that safe, how do we begin to think about introducing exercise without overloading the heart? It's a great question. And if somebody is truly been sedentary for many years, oftentimes they probably should consider cardiac evaluation to make sure that they're going to be safe and not to really push it hard with exercise. Yeah, if they're all doing bodyweight exercises or walking, I'm not really concerned for those people. But if they're saying, hey, I really want to get into hit training. I really want to get into heavy lifting. Okay, show me that your heart and heart mass resistance can tolerate that. And then maybe as simple as just, you know, getting a evaluation, okay, what is this person's blood pressure? Maybe they do a CT-corneal calcium score like do they have heart plaque and the arteries already. And then for some people, you would actually consider doing a stress test. And stress tests are good tests if people are having symptoms, as I said before, somebody has a 70% blockage in the arteries. Usually we'll pick that up with the stress test. But stress tests are no guarantee that you're risk for heart attack. If you pass a stress test, you can sell the heart attack later that day. But they can give somebody an idea of their exercise capacity. So, put them on a treadmill. It's often going to be the bruise protocol or every three minutes. It's going to go a little bit higher and a little bit faster. And you push them until they say, I can't do this anymore. Or you see somebody get you change to say, hey, stop. But if they can't go seven minutes on that stress test machine, they have pretty low functional capacity. And they're going to have to work out from there. But you're just making sure you're not seeing some high risk findings while they exercise. What would be a safe way to incorporate exercise? Someone is listening to this. Maybe they have seen a cardiologist, maybe they haven't. Is it safe to start with cardiovascular activity? Is it really based on the piece or the heart rate? Or would it be better to lift weights? Is there some kind of standard? I would say it's probably a combination of kind of perceived exertion. There's the border desertion scale, you know, 10, 10. Like you're only able to do this a few more seconds. You know, the tiger's chasing me like, or is this a patient could do it all they're long if you had to. But when you start kind of losing your breath, that's when you're starting to probably 70% or so of your maximal heart rate when you really can't maintain it much longer if you kept going higher and higher than that. So if you get to point where you have a little bit mild breathlessness, probably okay. But if it's severe or you're getting tied in the chest, you got to really back it off and get that worked up first. And when would someone think to go to the emergency room, right? Because if heart disease and heart attacks are really as robust and prevalent as we believe that they are, it seems as if they can be fatal. How many heart attacks are fatal? I mean, it used to be about 50% people had heart attacks, you know, that was a per sign and they didn't make it to the cath lab. So, you know, higher percentage than it should be. When should some of us see doctor? But we're quite sure about the ER. I mean, there's like over 8 million presentations that ER for a year for chest pain. And you got to build out the bad actors. Is it a heart attack? Is it a blood clot in your lungs, a pulmonary embolism? Is it aeritanism where your arteries are tearing? You know, is it a pneumothorax? You know, but three times out of four, it's not a heart attack when people have chest pain coming to the ER and there's a lot of dollars spent working these people up. But if you're having severe symptoms, where you feel like, you know, impending doom, you feel that there's an elephant on your chest, you actually can't breathe. Yeah, if that doesn't go away in a few seconds, you got to go in and get it checked out. Make sure it's not, you know, ST elevation in my where you've reputed a plaque in your coronary artery and those can often be fatal unless you're, yeah, reaskarized. But if you're not having symptoms, that's probably the better questions. Who needs to be screened? And who would you say, who needs to be screened? Essentially, everybody has a heart. It just, what does that question wrong? This is what age and what pest you to be really considering for those people. People with very strong family histories, my family included, my grandmother, my mom's side, started having cardiac events in her 40s. I had ultimately bypass surgery strokes, had preferred her disease, the revascularization. She died at 63 from the stroke, way too young. You know, my mom has a very high risk calcium score, but no symptoms, well, managed at this point. So people have strong family histories, really should get checked out earlier, probably under 40. I used to think 40 is kind of the starting point for many people, but I've seen more and more people in their 30s have very high risk calcium scores of best few years. And can you explain what a calcium score is and what does that mean to be high risk? So, you have 60,000 miles of arteries. The coronary arteries provide the nutrients to the heart tissue themselves. There's a test called a CT coronary calcium score that's a low dose radiation scan that looks at the coronary arteries and if there's calcium in the walls of the arteries. Calcium is supposed to be in your bones and teeth. If you have calcium in your artery walls, then that indicates that there's hard plaque in your arteries. The higher the calcium score, the higher the risk. So, as you live your life, you know, you can have a calcium score of 0, and I've seen people in their 80s with the scores of 0, but I've seen a gentleman who was 36 years old when I had a score over 1,400. That's extremely high for somebody at any age. But the general cut-offs are over 400,000 calcium scores high risk, over 1,000 is very high risk. And I was going to ask what's the high score of every scene? 7,707 is the highest score of every scene. You don't say that is really, really high. The calcium, where does the calcium come from? Is it dietary calcium that then gets deposited or is it damaged that then creates a cascade where calcium is then deposited in these arteries? It's kind of based in-game where the bodies trying to repair the damage to the artery. So, on the top layer of the artery, there's some called the glycocalax. That's a protective gel coating. Think of a fish coming out of water that's slimy. That's kind of what your arteries are covered in. It's a carbohydrate gel coat. Underneath that's the endothelium. One self thick. If you took out all your endothelium, which would be very hard to do, I'd be about the surface area of 610 scores. And those are kind of like the protective barriers to the lining underneath called the endomop. One thing starts getting to deposit an endomop, then you're off to the races developing plaque and the arteries. And the bodies repair mechanisms will include depositing smooth muscle into their arteries and eventually calcium. Think of a slight disforming bone to kind of solidify that plaque to prevent it from rupturing. It makes me think the vascular cure of the heart has a mechanism if there's damage and that's calcification. I don't know what that mechanism would look like in skeletal muscle. You know? I mean, because it seems like the body has these very interesting processes to protect itself. And the calcium deposit isn't, it's not the cause. It's the response to whatever's happening. Right, it's the scars, essentially. Yeah. You know, and in the brain, there's tau proteins. I, it just makes me think what is that like in skeletal muscle? I, again, I don't know, but it's it's just something to think about. How long have you been practicing cardiologists? I finished my fellowship in 2012. Okay. So that's a while. And you did your fellowship in preventive cardiology. The fellowship was in general cardiology. I graduated and was in invasive cardiologists for many years. So I was doing heart procedures in the cath lab, you know, during angiograms to determine how much blockage people had in the arteries. But eventually I got more adjacent in the program outside of things. In the last few years, now, by the way, you were wearing blue with those B, blue light black and glasses. They are. Now, this is a very different version. If you guys do not know Dr. Michael Twyman, who, again, is my cardiologist, and it is he's the guy that we send everybody to. Since I've known you, which how long have I known you now? I think it was around 2019. Okay. I have never seen you without those orange lenses glasses. Unless I'm outside, I usually have a month. Why? Helps with my security and rhythms helps with my sleep. So sleep's very important. At no, don't know. I've had that. I have a hard pass on that one. But do you wear it for circadian biology or does it affect cardiovascular disease? I think it does. I think it helps me with optimizing your circadian rhythms so that you're able to sleep better. And when you sleep is when you repair your mitochondria. And I've had a sleep tracker for at least nine years. And I've just noticed my data would always be better when I would do this. And the main thing is, you know, you're evolved to be under full spectrum light. So we evolved to be outside in some light. We were never evolved to be in front of artificial light that tells our body it's different times a day than it is. So I'm always just trying to let my body know, okay, it's daytime versus it's about to be evening. It's evening time. And these daylight glasses just help my body stay and kind of rhythm. Hosting the Dr. Gabriel Line podcast has allowed me to speak to extraordinary experts. And there's one unifying message that I continue to hear. And it's that we need a few core compounds in our diet that would be nearly impossible to get if we just ate. And one of those is omega 3 fatty acids. And even if you are eating high quality salmon or high quality meats, the amount of omega 3 fatty acids vary greatly. And we know that it is critical for human health. And this is back by science. It supports heart health. It reduces inflammation. It improves brain function. It can even help with mood. Piori's O3 Ultra Pure Fish Oil, which, by the way, is third party tested and certified by book, the Clean Label Project and IFOS. So that you know what you're putting in your body is safe, pure and effective. It's tested for over 200 contaminants and Piori publishes all of their data online and transparency matters. Piori O3 Ultra Pure Fish Oil, I've been using it for my dry eye and I have to say it is absolutely worked. And I have teamed up with Piori to sponsor this podcast and give you 20% off site wide. Just go to Piori Piori.com slash Dr. Lyon and you can also use the code Dr. Lyon at checkout. Talk to me about red light therapy and photo band modulation. So photo band modulation is using light therapy to change your biology. The target of red light therapy is the mitochondria. And there's various devices, but skin contact is better because the major issue with light therapy is the acronym RATS. Light reflects bounces off the skin. So we're like 60% of it just bounces off. The lights absorbed. The lights transmit it, which with the red light therapy, it's not going all the way through. It's not an X-ray or the light scattered. The light comes in, bounces around and maybe gets into the mitochondria or maybe it bounces and goes back out. So we want to try to maximize how much light's coming in. So ideally the device is on the skin. Horrors closes possible, is recommended by the manufacturer. But once the light comes into the tissues, the main location where it's working is the mitochondria. The mitochondria absorbed the red and infrared light. Side of chromsioxidase for the geeks out there. And that does a couple of things. There releases an hydroxide from the mitochondria. It increases ATP, which is an energy currency in the mitochondria and it decreases reactive oxygen species. And has multiple thousands of studies. Most of it's going to be based off of muscoescultal injuries in repair. But it helps lower pain. Implamation decreases swelling. Helps tissue regrow. So I do. We got it. We got it. We got to rewind on this. Photo by a modulation, red light therapy. But it has to be on the skin like those masks because I sit in front of panels all the time. So most the trials are using laser technology and then later LED. But that's the challenge is how do you know what dose you're actually delivering. And that's what's challenging with, I call it the Wild West, the red light company's right now, is because there's a lot of claims out there whether devices can do. But you need to know a few things. You need to know the wavelengths. What color of light is coming off of the device? That you probably be some form of red and infrared. What are the wavelengths that you look for? There's many about like 660, journaling the red, 810, 850, and the infrared spectrum. Then you got to look at what's known as the power density or their radiance. That's how many photons of light are coming out of the device divided by the beam area. So are using like a pinpoint type of thing on the skin or using a big panel? I've been to your office. Yes, you see a few of the world's largest panel. How big is that panel? 8 feet tall by 4 feet wide. Okay, number one, that looked very expensive. And number two, did you test the radiance? I don't have a laser power meter. That's what you would have to have to actually accurately measure it. But when they say that everything has to be at least 100 milliliters per centimeter square to be a benefit, that's not true. Most of the trials, at least in the cardiovascular world, they're using like 10 milliliters per centimeter squared. So you don't need these high radiances to get the benefit. So you have to know the power density. So like how many photons of light are coming out? And then the time, how long are using that device for? And then that equals basically the dose. And the dose is different for the tissue types. So if there was a cardiac trial, more kind of limited and scope, but very interesting was it was a Israeli trial where they took patients who were having ST elevation amazer. I haven't the worst kind of heart attack. They got rushed off to the cath lab. I believe there's 12 people in each group. Each group got standard care. They all got stands. But half the group got photo by modulation. During the procedure, a day later and three days later. It was a device that was utilizing 10 milliliters per centimeter squared. They used it for 100 seconds. One jewel. This is what's interesting. It was not over the heart. It was over the tibia. So their leg bones. Why would you do that? There are stem cells in those tissues. What they studied is that they gave the dose during the case, day later, three days later. The people who got treated had Japan and levels that were approximately half those that weren't treated. So Japan is a protein inside of the heart that gets released from the heart cells die. So when the heart cells die, it's like popping a balloon, all the contents spill out. If you measure to front of the blood, heart tissues get damaged and high enough levels can indicate a heart attack. So the people had half the size of heart attacks when they got treated. Everybody got the same treatment otherwise. How would that work? When the stem cells are activated, potentially, that's helping lower inflammation in the heart. You're also putting energy into the system while the heart is starving of energy because there's no blood flow going downstream. Prevent a concept study only at this point. Safe to use it. But very interesting. The think about that, they weren't even treating the heart. These people had quote smaller heart attacks. So this is why photo-bond relation was really fascinating for me. It's like, yeah, I'm a cardiologist. But where can most people use it? It's musculoskeletal injuries. That's where most of the data is at. So if you get injured and you can't train one that sucks, but too, then you're not going to be able to get the cardiovascular benefits long term if you keep getting hurt. So this potentially helps you recover faster and get back into the game. You mentioned that it has to be on the skin. Can the red light penetrate through the skin? It's preferable to be on the skin. It possible. So can it penetrate to muscle? So infrared light had best probably penetrates three centimeters. Most data shows that like maybe five millimeters is kind of a red and then infrared start hit, but maybe up to three three. But think it was like a lot of photons at the top of the skin and then only if you're getting down deep. So that's why it's kind of the recipe. So again, the time is important because you could use a higher radiance for one minute. You could lose low radiance for a longer period of time and get the same dose. So it's kind of the analogy of like cooking a turkey. You go low and slow or you drop the thing and a boring pot of water or and fry the thing. Hmm. But is it the effect on the skeletal muscle or is it the effect on other areas that then generate the help of the tissue? It's decreasing pain receptors. It's decreasing inflammation. It's decreasing swelling in the tissue. And it's potentially that swelling in the tissue particularly around the nerves that causes some of that delayed onset muscle soreness. And so this is why you potentially want to use it after training. Now there is some debate on like what is the perfect time after training because if you immediately run to the relic panel after do you know a strength training exercise you know you might blonde that inflammatory adaptation. You might not be a sore but you might not get as much hypertrophy if you use it immediately afterwards. Same stories like why you wouldn't do a colplunch immediately after doing a strength training episode. You know I've thought a lot about that and I would say to be fair the influence might be really small. You know like I don't know if if someone if you're going to use red light I would it from my perspective go ahead and do it. I don't think it's going to affect there. I don't think it's big enough for most people to make a big deal like you know if you're going to lipid athlete maybe you need to time it down to the minute but also get asked like what time of day think of these devices almost as a joke as a son plummet like son of the son of the son of the son down is when you ideally would like to use the thing. Yeah if you're using the even time just gonna be mindful that in some people it's not the wavelengths of light is the intensity the locks that affects their sleep so if you blast yourself particularly in the face with these panels, toilets for when it's better to bed and my defector's sleep in some mid-adages. I'll give you a wise no effect. Some people they sleep better with it. You just have to be kind of the biohacker and see what time of day works best for you. You know I was looking at some data it seems that there's a potential for certain red light to improve eyesight is that true. It is true. I don't know which radiances they were using in those trials but it's a very short period I believe that the treatment sessions only like three minutes long. Where else would you use various lights when we were upstairs all of us and you pulled out this device again I feel like this person is when you come over because there's all kinds of gadgets although you should leave some here. Yes I did. And you said oh this is cool you put it on because it's blue light. So blue light doesn't penetrate the skin very deep so it's for topical use only so the dermatologist will know about its benefits. So it can help treat acne but on skin contact it may help liberate nitric oxide and that's obviously one of my reasons of expertise and interests is that anything that can prove nitric oxide maybe helps our cereal elasticity or blood pressure. So I bought these wearable patches a couple of years ago and played around with them. I'm done in a day to with them to say that the absolute release nitric oxide yet but theoretically but I thought it was pretty interesting when I was reading up on them is how they kind of show that they did work is that they got some recruits probably some college students paid in 20 bucks and they made them stand in front of a tennis serving machine and they blast them 80 miles an hour in their quads. And so I was like I don't know if I'd do that for 20 bucks or whatever they paid them. But half the kids got the light patch, other kids didn't they got you know here's some Odre and some cold packs but the people that light there be they're like 40% smaller bruises the next day because it helps break up the hemocenter and so it just helps speed up that wound recovery. People talk about red light for wrinkles all those red light masks which by the way I think I have three or four does blue light help with wrinkles or skin integrity. It would actually probably make a worse light is oxidizing to the skin. This is probably why people who have... Oh, so don't put that patch on your face. Yeah, do not put the patch on your face and this is probably the reason why when people have a lot of screen time they tend to get a lot of fine wrinkles is that blue light is dehydrating their skin and it's oxidized. I don't think so. I didn't know that. He team did you know that? Absolutely not. So do put a flux on your screen. I usually have the different software my computers that pull it out and if you've been to my office I always always have in the corner I have a red light panel that's on and that this is not really for photo by my dilation but just trying to balance out the spectrum of light that's in my office so that red and never lights kind of bouncing off my computer monitor back into my eyes. Could you protect your skin and eyes with some kind of panel over your screen? It's hard because it penetrates the screen but if someone were to come to you and say hey I want to protect my eyesight I want to protect my skin. What do we do? So I don't know the companies that make it any more than when I use I think we're not a business but they're used to make these like orange acrylic plates and then you would just physically put them in front of your monitor for the people who don't wear the glasses from the reason or the first control over here. It's like the main recruits of the birth control glasses. Now it is the case where I got some of them because I have nieces and nephews and they're not wearing these glasses so I was like would they put these in front of their old school screen protector some would somewhat it but there's always options but the physical blockers they work well and then it's just being mindful that try to use some red light therapy when you're using a lot of blue lit devices. Does it have you red light therapy or could it just be a red light lamp? To lay it just helping more kind of bounce out the spectrum of light in the room but if you have the red light mask or you have a panel it doesn't have to be skin contact for the face mask but that helps stimulate collagen production which is decreasing the wrinkles that's why it works. But I mean so for example like last night I'm working on this book I have to turn my edits and I put the nighttime screen situation on you know you can you can switch it on your Mac but I also use a little lamp it's not red light per se with infrared and you know all of that massive intense red light it's just a little lamp. Is that helping to balance out the blue light or is it just something yeah how does that work? I would say that it's helping balance out the blue light and it's just helping maintain your circadian rhythms you want to dial down the intensity light. That's not. That's not. Sunset. Are there things that you've now introduced into your practice say over the last two years? I know that you're talking a lot more about nitric oxide you're talking a lot more about this endothelio glycocalix which nobody can spell. What is new on the horizon that you've really landed on? I think the Dithio glycocalix is the biggest thing where the past couple years is that when I kind of transitioned out of traditional cardiovascular care where you're more reactive and now I'm a little bit more proactive is you kind of go to that pathway where you find functional medicine and you realize that like nutrition and exercise or extremely important and there may be some supplements and instances that are helpful but eventually realize that that's not the whole story and so then you find maybe the bow hackers and the circadian biologists and you start doing some of those things but once I was down that pathway I came upon Dr. Mark Houston, Dr. Nithin Brian and they really taught me a lot about how nitric oxide was important to the vascular system that is released mainly from the endothelio Lyening but in the past few years it's been noted that there's another layer called the endothelio glycocalix. It's first visualized in the 1960s but only past few years is getting a lot more attention as people have potentially treatment options for it and some of the diagnostic testing that I offer in my office or potentially you can do at home that can tell you the health of that glycocalix and underlying endothelio layer. I think that's where it really at start is that if you have a healthy layer of glycocalix in Nithin the arm it's not that your arduous are completely bulletproof but it's much less likely you're going to develop severe atherosclerosis and I think cardiology is doing a great job treating people when they have the insect disease but sometimes it gets a little bit too lipid focused and lipids are important I'm sure we're going to talk about them today but if you keep the glycocalix in Nithin the other healthy you don't have to worry so much about the downturn effects. Does what I'm hearing you say is that this endothelio glycocalix is really at the root. For example I believe muscle is the root and health of skeletal muscle is the root you believe and correct me where I'm wrong that the endothelio glycocalix is in part really the root and if you can address the health of that then things like lipids, LDL cholesterol, ApoB are important but not necessarily at the root of heart disease is that what you're saying. Correct I think it's to my topic to focus on one risk factor. You know focus on the layer that is the first line of defense. It's your force field and before it's field this healthy you're not likely to develop plaque in the first place or if you've already developed plaque and you've picked that up on a calcium school or a CT endogram if you repair the glycocalix and non-dolying into the thealium you stop laying down plaque and then you have the potential for plaque regression which I know that's going to be a question you know can plaque be shrunk or regressed the answers yes but you have to subdo in the damage first and then part that's improving the nitric oxide pathways that help support that did the oglacocalix. How can someone who is at home listening going gosh my mom had a heart attack and she had a heart attack really early I am just entering menopause and menopause seems there seems to be major changes in LDL. cholesterol, ApoB, all kinds of things and they're thinking well how can I measure if my endothelio glycocalix not that how can I measure it. Sure we just got the egx going for it if you like. Father Egx yes so there's not a direct way you can actually measure the egx at this point there are some more research options where they're using certain type of intro vital microscopes typically in the sublingual space where they're looking at the how well the red blood cells are basically repelled from the glycocalix in the blood vessels under your tongue and that correlates with what's potentially going on in the rest of your 60,000 miles of blood vessels so they've done that for substances and there are some tests that are still researched where they look at the glycosamine no glycans, the gags that come off of the glycocalix when it's damaged so you can pick that up in my blood and urine but at this time there's not a commercial lab that does those tests. In my email to stay up to date I always get these medical lectures and I recently listened to a lecture from an academic MD PhD about magnesium I have to tell you it completely changed my perspective from a scientific point of view on magnesium one of the most common cause of headaches you won't believe it is a magnesium or could be a magnesium deficiency and you can test for this in the blood there are hundreds of biological processes that magnesium is responsible for and the absorption in our diet is not great and after listening to this lecture I am more convinced than ever the taking magnesium can be helpful also 75% of Americans are deficient that means three out of four of you listening to this podcast may be deficient and that's where mellow magnesium comes in it's a daily super blend that contains the three most bioavailable and nutrient-dense forms of key-laden magnesium and not to mention over 70 trace minerals full transparency med shares all of its third party lab reports so you know that the product that you are adjusting it has what it says it has so if you are someone like one of the 75% of Americans who are magnesium deficient go to helloneed.com that's HELLO and ed.com slash doctor lion and they have amazing amazing small travel packs of this magnesium mellow magnesium you will love it so you have to kind of look down to where the endothelium is and again that's one self thick layer that lines your entire artery layer it's kind of like the air traffic controller which determines what stays in your blood and then what gets into the walls of the arteries and testing that can look at that is you know one you could do blood pressure if your blood pressure is normal well you can find normal is under 115 over 75 115 over 75 that should be optimal 120 radius quote normal oh my gosh so good god Julia here she's on my team Julia what's your blood pressure 112 over 68 maybe awesome well what so what is 115 75 is where what's it's getting about that the risk about how those grosses increases but do some people have a higher vascular tone because I'm going to measure my blood pressure you're going to measure it actually with your very fancy machine that you you always come I love it when you come to visit because you have about 15 obscure items that could probably save my life on a plane that's the plan yeah um that number this 115 over 75 so if someone is at home and they're the well how do I measure their how do I measure my own blood pressure they need to sit down for 15 minutes we five we five minutes five minutes no caffeine right okay if you know nicotine yeah yeah yeah yeah feet on the ground back supported harm at heart level and on the bicep thick away from the ones that are on the risk as they're generally hiring an accurate so on the bicep take a measurement record the number and look at trends one number is not the problem it's the blood pressure load and so if you're consistently you know over 140 or 90 you need to talk to your doctor potentially an Indian beyond pharmaceuticals while you're working up the root cause wire blood pressure is a high but that is just one sign that potentially of low nitric oxide availability is for blood pressure starts to rise there's test trips the salary nitrate test trips they look like a littness paper you put them in your saliva the brighter red they are the more nitrates you're potentially giving in their diets so big beads greenly if you've had stables those compounds convince you become nitric oxide in your stomach and then there's pulse wave velocity which is essentially a marker of how stiff the arteries are so the aura ring can measure it have a device over here called the eye hard decome measure it so the arteries when the blood comes into them it's kind of like an accordion the blood expands them and then they snap back and these test can measure their arteries really elastic or they really stiff or they're like a lead pipe if your arteries are hurting stiff your arteries are aging faster than the outside one 15 over 75 and is that across all age groups that's the cut off where we start going about that the risk of acid starts to increase but what about so I did my thought you know you were from St. Louis I did my fellowship in geriatric and we kept the geriatric population closer to 130 over 90 maybe even higher for cerebral profusion for someone listening or watching that's blood flow to the brain correct and those trials like the chef trials in the past that was what was thought is that you know let the old their population run a little bit higher but more recent studies the sprint trial had shown that here's back to the age 120 radius really the goal for treatment dang speaking of treatment what is nitric oxide nitric oxide is a gas it has a very short life you know to around for about a second but it's a signaling molecule and a hormone from a vascular standpoint it is so important for its discovery in the vascular system that it won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1998 for the three researchers who discovered that from a hard standpoint nitric oxide helps with arterial dilation so it helps keep blood pressure normal it acts somewhat like teflon preventing the cholesterol particles the white blood cells from sticking to the artery in the first place and I'm sure the question is going to be how do you improve nitric oxide well in part it's exercise is blood flowing across your that artery lining that glycocula it stimulates underlying the feeling of release nitric oxide the arteries dilate you know sunlight particularly the wavelength of UVA when that hits your skin the nitrates are liberated from the surface of the skin releasing nitric oxide and then dietary wise it's mostly the green leafy vegetables and spinach kale, the rugala and beets is those nitrates come into your oral pathways you know you chew them if you have the right oral microbiome the oral microbiome the nitrate reducing bacteria breakdown the nitrates eventually becomes nitrites and if you have stomach acid becomes nitric oxide so those are the three big life-solvings that can produce nitric oxide and then there's various neutersurdeocalls informaceuticals that can also help and the way that someone would be able to tell if their nitric oxide is where it should be is test trips test trips are starting point but there is a caveat is that if you have an oral infection they'll be falsely positively high so you can't rely on just one data point but if your test trips are low and white sometimes it's the person maybe they're carnivore they don't eat any vegetables so they're not putting any nitrates in maybe their vampire and they never read in the sun maybe they don't exercise okay you have all these redundant pathways but if they all start breaking you're probably starting developing vascular disease and that gets picked up by your artists get stiffer on these pulsewave velocity testing or you can start seeing people's blood pressure start to rise and it can start rising you know just very malleid beginning but you know they go get tested yeah they may have low nitric oxide support them those things can be reverse what is the most effective way so if someone is coming in and their blood pressure is over let's say it's 125 over 85 or something so it's not grossly high it's not emergent and you give them a nitric oxide precursor what kind of dose are we looking at because what I'm hearing you say is that one reason blood pressure potentially one reason that blood pressure gets high is that people are nitric oxide deficient is that a right correct word how would we dose in behavior again I understand that that's probably a very specific question in some people you know are more sensitive to the diet and they might produce more how do we go about dosing and course correcting blood pressure using nitric oxide so I would start birds with you know a good lifestyle you know history like you know are they exercising are they getting the greenery professionals you know what does their stress load double stresses and bad you know that's how we heal her resilient but are you chronically stress and not recovering from that stress do sleep poorly you know are you not a longer body to repair at night so figure out okay is there some obvious lifestyle intervention you can utilize if you've done all those things and don't see it then that's where blood work can come in you know some people have high home assisting you know it's an amino acid that went to side it affects some of these nitric oxide pathways if you have higher acid for numerous reasons you know you drink too much alcohol you you know in just too much fruit dose and have higher acid that your gastric and damage like glycocula disinfecting the nitric oxide pathways so sometimes it's getting the recalls of what's causing the nitric oxide during removing that and the nitric oxide gets back into homeostasis that is very helpful I see just everyone get nitric oxide strips just because it's fun you'll be very disappointed at your nitric oxide levels most of us I know that I was tell me about there's a lot of talk in the cardiology space about a few things number one testosterone and cardiovascular disease and also GLP ones and cardiovascular disease you choose what you would like to talk about first but again this is very relevant and then finally there was that study um that was the keto cta trial so cardiologist choice let's go for the low t okay oh I love that all right talk to me about that so something that when I was in training wasn't much discussed um I trained at Samus University for my internal medicine and we did have a well world famous jurisdiction there John Morley he's the one that actually came up with the Adam questionnaire the Andrews and deficiency in the aging male questionnaire which is still often used for people the figure out like are the symptoms due to low testosterone or not um he was a big proponent for people who were sarcopenec which was a term that I only learned because I was they had georetics I had slew but that was something that you know I just been the back burner for while they might cardiology training and then sarcopenec care people who were more on the high performance end and there you know kind of super physiologic testosterone like well we know that that can be a problem but what about people who are on the low side okay what is the risk well if you don't have a lot of muscle mass you're probably going to be more insum resistant you may have more inflammation um so those are not good things you know so you know always look at you know as low testosterone you know something that first has an easy reverse of what cause like the person sleeping for hours and night in abusing alcohol okay can you get them to stop those things in testosterone is kind of a biomarker like are they doing their lifestyle things that could support it quote healthy testosterone level but if they do have the right lifestyle things then it testosterone is 250 on a couple of occasions and they have horrible symptoms then it's reasonable to replace those people but in the past it was thought that testosterone was going to be cardiotoxic and actually the blackpox warning from that day for many years until the recent traverse trial came out um the traverse trial was done in men who were hyprogenatism middle age and above and they were using uh topical gel preparation which still is used but probably is not the most common way that most people replace testosterone and I really show that people did not have more cardiac events when they weren't testosterone didn't show benefit but didn't show harm which was a good thing but some of the caveats for the the traverse trial is that you know over 60% of the men who started testosterone stopped before the trial was done either because they felt better and they just want to come off and see what happened or the gel wasn't working well enough for them and maybe they went to something else don't know and the issue is that the doses that they put them on didn't really put them into really put optimal levels and there's might be a range of where people say it's optimal but the um 500 to 1000 is generally what I see kind of throwing around is that most people would best around that they barely got these people up to like 354 hundred on gel so did they get you know benefit no but they didn't have harm at the doses that they're placed into. It's a really important point and basically the traverse trial really addressed the risk benefit use of testosterone and there has been this long standing belief like you said that and especially cardiologists they at least before I met you for the majority of the cardiologists that I have known they were very anti testosterone and anti hormones and that seems like that's a bit outdated and always again takes evidence to kind of change people's minds over time but what they found at the traverse trial is that there was no increase risk of heart disease with the utilization of testosterone and I think that there's evidence that low testosterone is a risk for heart disease. Absolutely and they have higher calcium scores they have higher risk of diabetes you know all cause mortality so it's one of the things the check and egg is the low testosterone causing the things there's just that the person has so many chromanidities that their testosterone is low so the only thing I noticed is the patient is that think about your heart and brain being very energy dense you know they're going to take the line chair of energy if the body is kind of starting to fail it's going to take away energy from the sex hormone cascades and say like we don't need to think about reproduction right now we need to think about keeping your heart and brain alive so your testosterone level is going to be low for now. Do you think do you happen to know why they thought that testosterone utilization was contributing to heart disease? My interesting is that there's some poorly designed trials that had shown some potential increase risk but when they actually went back and looked at the data it probably was neutral at best but because of those trials the testosterone got at black box warning and many cardiologists you know they're busy you know they're taking care of you know whatever they're 456 patients a day and if some says it's a black box they're like don't use that stuff and they move on but the more interesting thing is like why is low testosterone a problem from a cardiovascular standpoint? Most likely it's because when you have low testosterone you don't have the ability to romanticize it into estrogen and it's the estrogen for men that's probably more cardio protective when estrogen is in more optimal ranges it helps support healthy nitric oxide levels and help support lipid lipoportines being more optimal you need the estrogen for brain function you need it for libido bone health so it's the estrogen that's probably the benefit and many of these guys that's fascinating and is there a range where you like to see estrogen we have a range I don't know is there a range that at least 30 yeah so we like 30 to 70 is it 70 it depends on the lab but I would say at least 30 I think that that's a good range you know there was a period of time when everyone was on an astrosol and so that is in a somewhat of an estrogen blocker decreases estrogen and people really felt terrible so things are changing what about GLP one and heart health it's very interesting yeah when the drugs came out you know they're first approved for diabetes and at that point yeah I was already a full-fledged cardiologist and so I wasn't I had many patients who were diabetic but they had endocrinologists or internists or family practice doctors who were managing it and most of the cardiologists were kind of hands off with their blood sugars at that point and so I didn't really pay much attention when they first hit the market you know I had to very wise attending when I was at slew who said like don't be the first doctor to use a drug and don't be the last one so let's see how this plays out so great data on people who are diabetic but yeah like I might current practice launch up in 2019 busy getting care people were more proactive and I honestly probably in one hand can count how me diabetic said my practice is so few so I see a lot of patients with this resistant pre-diabetes but those aren't necessarily the patients who are going to be on GLP ones so I didn't think much about it for a while but went to the American College of Criterology Conference back in 2024 and the selectraud recently come out and the selectraud was looking at GLP ones particularly a similar gluteide in patients who were not diabetic they were just overweight and you know be able to do this you know be am I a little bit of 27 or 30 and these patients you know had known vasca disease coronary disease I had pyrevants but not recent events and that boo is like 17,000 plus patients were evaluated on the trial and at the end of the blevus 40 months the people who were on treatment had about a 20% decrease in mace major adverse cardiovascular events so is the first trial and non-diabetics that showed people had less cardiac events and so that was really a game changer and so the push is related to be more aggressive potentially with these medications and the right population I don't think needs to be in the you know the water you know everybody being used in this stuff but it should be more liberally used in patients particularly that known coronary disease known coronary disease is there a range and does someone not have coronary is there a spectrum I guess is a better is a better question that's a great question and that's one of the challenges that trying to apply you know clinical trials to the person who sitting in front of you you know the classic terms are you know primary prevention and secondary prevention most cardiologists are living in the secondary prevention world so the persons who are dead are hard to take you're just trying to help them not have another one and very clear evidence you use your stand you're made of blockers your GLP ones you know there's a lot of new tools out there that can help those people not have another event the real question really is the primary prevention people the people have never had a hard stroke stand survive pass how aggressive should you be treating those people and there's a window is that if you don't look and you just pulled people's numbers into a risk calculator which can give some idea of you know risk but how more of them I'd say I've like look at the artist themselves you know it's if you look at the artist and the plaque that person's high risk you're expecting of what some locality that are says start treating a person more wrestling particularly they have a strong family history you know if your grandma started having heart attacks in her 40s maybe the family should be screened a little bit earlier and treat it more aggressively for their blood pressure or their lipids and so treat the person who's in front of you through the best your ability but based it off you know data they have that person has plaque on the arteries they're at higher risk of having events down the road and maybe they're not in so primary prevention mark and they're not secondary they may be like 1.5 you know there's a lot of backlash against statins could someone reverse heart disease that's not an exercise alone let's say that they have plaque and they have a greater than 400 calcium score could they do it with that next cell alone depends on where their their lip proteins are starting with and that's why I say it's one risk factor yeah if you have a 90th percentile apob for example your apob is 150 is diet and you know exercise is going to get you down to an apob of 70 there's no way it's not now hydration isn't just about drinking coaxero or sugar free red bull I'm saying never a friend or even drinking just more water it's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes on fluids during life's most demanding season that matters even more than ever so for example if you are pregnant or postpartum your body is going through massive changes blood volume hormone shifts breastfeeding demands I don't know crime kids all of it and this is a place where you need electrolytes like sodium magnesium potassium element was formulated to replenish what you actually use without sugar fillers or junk it's a clean effective way to stay hydrated for example through pregnancy postpartum and for men hey this isn't just for ladies it's not just about hydration it is about performance recovery mental clarity and yes energy whether you are hitting the gym chasing your kids or grinding through another workday dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus element helps you stay sharp strong and ready we use element because it works and it tastes great you can get a free sample back with any purchase that's eight flavors go to drink DRINK LM NT dot com slash doctor lion that's drink LM NT dot com slash doctor lion stay hydrated stay strong there's so much genetic control for you having those levels that high most of time I know what you have the Q to CDA trial in the second so those people you can do whatever life is on the pitch but most people unless they're on kind of like extreme dietary kind of platform channel their keto or they're extremely like high health carb making diet routine just doesn't have the biggest driver affecting their lipoproteins yeah I was reading some data and it's really it's interesting because we make these dietary guideline recommendations for example cholesterol recommendations which dietary cholesterol is taken out of the guidelines in 2015 but the saturated fat percentage when you think about those dietary influences it's really 20% of people that seem to be really affected by dietary fat and just nutrition it it seems as if there's a genetic predisposition remember Bob Harper yes for those of you listening for my Gen Z ears Bob Harper was the trainer in the base laser he was super fit very healthy and he was running on a treadmill and he had hardtuck and he again ate quote very healthy and it was he had genetic hypercosterolemia he actually had hypercotein with a lie oh how high do we know don't know and Leiboprotein little A Mike Dr. Twimey can talk about that those are it's a genetic marker again there's a series of markers that we look for out P little A a bobe yes LDL cholesterol which will then bring us into this keto trial are there other markers are those with those be your top and what are they so I usually kind of break it down into three big buckets so I look at test that effect or nitric oxide pathways so your ac acid homocystine like at urine microaddenment craddening old school test to look to see the kidney disease but if you have protein in your urine your damage in the glycocialics to the kidneys so we're damaging that potentially damaging the hard artery once so that's kind of one bucket there's a few others you know like the salivary nitric oxide strips and blood pressure second big bucket is box-a-fstress in inflammatory markers so HSCRP LPPL E2 activity which is a marker of inflammation in the artery milder oxidase which is a marker of white blood selective action which is potentially going to be damaging your HDL and the top layers of the arteries and truncinsic is an inflammatory marker and then there's a bunch of oxidative stress markers so often start with GGT gamma gluteal transarrase it's a pest simple it's on a complete metabolic panel but if the person has high GGT they have low glutathione they have low glutathione they have a lot of oxidative stress potentially and they can look at oxidized LDL oxidized phospholipidapobie if you look at those things those people are at higher risk and then you get into the lipids so I usually start like that is like okay we're heard the nitric oxide where it's oxidized inflammation now we'll take a look at the lipids so yes I was always looking at the traditional lipid panel it's free it's included so the person's total cholesterol is over 300 and the LDL cholesterol is over 190 they potentially have familial hyperlipidemia but the keto CDHR we'll talk by the lemastriper's monitors in a second but I'll look at their HDL cholesterol but it's not really that predictive for most people you know there's people with low HDL FR attacks if people with high HDL they have R attacks but sometimes it's an insight into the metabolic health and then the triglycerides which generally I like to see less than 80 you know if there's some genes what's an 80 that's that's pretty low that's very aggressive yeah but if it's not low 80 then you got your looking like it's this person likely in some resistant or you know what is they're kind of carbohydrate tolerance and then looking at the lipoportines themselves it's the lipid proteins that actually predict risk but are particles predict risk in the other way to say it the cholesterol is just being transported in these lipoportines the lipoportines can be measured directly you can get an LDL particle number but you can also look at apob or apolipoportine B so the example you use for patients is that the lipoportines that tennis ball the cholesterol is going inside the triglycerides go inside vitamins like AD and K and different fossil lipids which are building black tris all go inside these little tennis balls but on the outside the tennis ball that white stripe that's essentially apob is a structural protein holds that thing together in a sphere and then next like a little key to bind into different LDL receptors there's apob on the outside of every LDL particle there's an apob on the outside of L p l a V LDL I LDL so LPA is very similar to LDL it has apob but it has an extra protein apob lipoportine A on it and it's like a little quark screw protein and that protein allows it to kind of dig into that glycocholix a little bit easier to damage it what number would you want to see L p little A and why would you get concerned so it's generally better to measure this and that this is the one challenge that this measured in animals or it's measured in milligrams and you want to go for the milligrams for desolator variant and generally when see it less than 75 everybody has L p little A but there's a genetic control with it where about about 20% population has higher levels than that and it's almost linear the higher L p little A the more vascular risk and it can double your risk of having a hard attack or stroke compared to having normal levels do you think there's any way to predict who's going to have a hard attack yes but it's mostly based off plaque and vasco inflammation and low nitric oxide you can just almost see the people who are going to be the train racks. Gosh you know we are going to talk about the the keto trial I have a couple questions prior to that alcohol and heart health can people drink alcohol and have healthy hearts. The short answer is yes but the question's always going to be what dose you know alcohol is a poison yeah I tell you I'm definitely not a T totaler I have a very nice or what T totaler person doesn't drink alcohol I'm not yeah I have a very nice bourbon collection I have a very nice wine collection but it's measured at this point you know I have to have a very good reason good family good friends got a big good celebration you know I just had my 25th wedding anniversary I enjoyed the wine pairing said dinner it was great but congratulations well thank you but is it heart healthy that's a little more debatable yeah nobody who's not drinking should pick up drinking for some perceived benefit for their best regards. That's a very fair trial of wine. Correct they should not pick up drinking red wine just because it's going to be good for their heart. That being said is what is it doing to the person's sleep that's probably the biggest concern is that alcohol for many people once they get over like one glass it's going to start packing their quality of sleep and while you're on conscious without going bored you're not getting that repetitive sleep and that's the challenge you know you're in a very low HRV the next day likely without all onboard the night before yeah does it impair your decision to go train the next day like you know that's the thing that I'm concerned about when people have routine alcohol habit. How come alcohol then you know really heavy alcohol use this is what we're taught in training causes cardiomyopathy a bigger heart. It's basically it's an alcohol cardin malpathy and I definitely saw a few cases that in my career earlier and I don't know what the exact doses but yeah someone probably never did like you know a 12 pack of alcohol every single day for weeks on end. Makes for heart better. Well the alcohol directly poisons the cardiomyocides and then the heart becomes weak and doesn't pump well. Oh gosh what about caffeine and heart I just asked for friend that doesn't drink enough energy drinks to kill a draft tours but yeah I asked for a friend. Yeah I mean everybody is a different tolerance to caffeine generally if people stay under 400 milligrams a day probably it can be pretty neutral from a vast<|tr|> standpoint so a couple of coffee has about a hundred milligrams for my coffee. Yeah I have the super strong coffees but not everybody who drinks coffee or caffeine from any source necessarily has any heart issues but those that have palpitations they feel they're heart fluttering yeah they're measuring their blood pressure and they're seeing the blood pressure going up or they have some of these fancy toys that look at arterial stiffness and a certain threshold everybody's already started to have some kind of impact. Had then the other issue is sleep you know it blocks the denicene receptor so it affects how easily some people can fall asleep. So ballpark six odd 10 people or slower metabolizer caffeine so those people they need a bit more careful with that particularly under timing they should keep caffeine to earlier in the day so as a better chance to start washing out of their system before they're going to bed. You know I recognize that I didn't finish the question on statins you know like I was so excited about alcohol and caffeine. Be if an individual shows calcifications and again we share many patients together in our medical practices if they are given a statin can you reverse that hard and soft plaque. It generally will not reverse the hard plaque that I have seen some calcium scores going down on stands typically you actually see the calcium score going up on stands and the thought is that it's taking the soft plaque which is more prone to rupturing and causing it to become more firm and so the calcium scores will go up. If you do a calcium test and then don't make any changes the calcium test will generally go up about 20% a year. If you'd mix that. That's really high. It's 20% a year. Now wonder how it sounds dying of a heart. So that's where you got to look for it as early as possible in the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said I saw third. Six year old with a calcium score nearly 1400. A six year old? Thirty six year old. Thirty six year old. Yeah. And so that person didn't happen in from 35 to 36. It'd been happening since this Friday, it's 20. So the sooner you're confined to the sooner you can start intervening. But if you do an intervention and you see a calcium score stay about no more than 5% increasing you probably got ahead of the game and you've stalled that plaque buildup and there's a chance that the soft plaque will shrink but you're not going to see that on a calcium score that should have been the CT and you're going to see that part. How do people then you know when we talk about regression, what are we talking about? Generally talking about the lipid rich cores of the plaque shrinking down. So you can think of the plaque as almost like a pimple and it has a thick cap over it hopefully. But once they have thinner caps over it they're more prone to kind of opening up all that damage cholesterol, white blood cells, this smooth muscles, all that stuff supposed to happen in the blood and now the blood clots and you go from having a 50% blockage to immediate 100% blockage is the platelets are sticking in that area and that's what essentially most heart attacks are. The stand is helping that lipid rich core shrink and also putting a thicker cap over that plaque so it seals it off. Does heart disease cause erectile dysfunction? Absolutely can so the analogy is ED equals ED so erectile dysfunction equals endothel dysfunction vice versa. So if guys are starting to have issues with the ruckions oftentimes it's a vascular genic cause they're not getting a blood flow into the sexual organs to allow an erection to happen and it's due to low nitric oxide. When you see patients how early does this seem to start? ED can happen under 40 but it tends to happen more when people over 56 years old. And do you treat with phasodilators or do you use agents like Cialis as a cranial just? I do on occasion it's kind of the canary in the coal mine question is that if guys are having ED and they're asking for the low blue pill or sedinna fell or to dhalafill it's not that it's a problem that they need to use those things but it's a market that they don't have good nitric oxide to begin with and that's some of the myth is that these are not nitric oxide promoting medications. They just keep nitric oxide around longer. You have to get the nitric oxide at call like into the funnel. You have to be eating the greens. You got to be exercising. You got to be in the sun. You got to be taking nitric oxide promoters into the system and then the tidalophils and the vigras. They just keep the nitric oxide around longer so that it does have more effect on the vascular system. That's fascinating. I didn't actually know that and in my mind that seems like there could be a great combination of you know we use Cialis in our practice and tidalophil if you use that in conjunction with a I don't know beetroot juice or something like that seems that seems like that would be very helpful and just a real nerd note. Arginine increases nitric oxide. That is true. I'll hit that one in a second but that is a good point is that they'll those medications they work but I'm sure you've seen some non-responders you know you keep ramping it up and they said this stuff doesn't work or by time you get to the highest doses they're having headaches or back pain like I can't take this stuff. Well maybe you got the nitric oxide boosted up you could use the lorodose and they get the effect. But the question about arginine is that the greatest mature people are not division in arginine. So what happens with arginine which is an amino acid and the present oxygen you need this enzyme called enos and at the olinodric oxide synthase. The enos enzyme converts the arginine into citrally and nitric oxide. So you can shove all the arginine in one of the system but if the enos enzyme doesn't work you're not getting nitric oxide on the backside and a lot of supplements that's all they are is arginine. So if it does work for the person it's kind of a de facto that enos enzyme isn't working and after a major 40 that enzyme is significantly reduced in this capacity to kind of crank arginine into citrally. So that's why you have to kind of back up with the oral pathway or sunlight. You're doing something else to support people. This is why vascular disease gets more prevalence people's age because that enos enzyme comes less and less functional. How do you know that? Lots of training and learning and Dr. Nathan Brian taught me that many years ago. And with someone supplement with the enzyme? You don't not think that's unlikely. You would supplement with things that could support the enos enzyme recoupling turning back on or some of the product analogies when they heard lasenges. They dissolve. They release nitric oxide gas and that just gives it to you nitric oxide directly without having to have that hard genie pathway working. When I was pregnant and postpartum, aside from wanting my feet rubbed my shoes tied, my house cleaned, I also needed a good multi. Now I can't do the other things for you but I can offer you a fantastic multi vitamin with a lot of extras and that is where needed comes in. It is their starter plan. A comprehensive prenatal multi made with bio-available nutrient forms paired with sustainably sourced omega 3. These two essential products, the prenatal multi with their pregnancy approved omega 3, has just what moms need. Their products in the starter plan go beyond, of course, the bare minimum dosage and are designed to be taken together to optimally nourish both mom and baby before during and after pregnancies. It is an extraordinary product and for women that you are concerned is this just right for a pregnant or postpartum person. This is where needed comes in and it has also been tested and recommended and helped formulated by over 6,000 practitioners. So if you want to get great nutrients while you are pregnant or postpartum, this is the way to do it. Go to this isneeded.com and use the code Dr. Lyon at checkout. That's this isneeded.com and use the code Dr. Lyon for 20% off your first order. That's really fascinating. I can you do my favor? Sure. I hear a lot about niacin and HGL. Someone very close to me came home and I found a bottle of niacin ordered off of Amazon. I'm not going to say who ordered it, Shane, my husband and I said, honey, why are you taking that? And he's such a mewell, the flushing and it improves my HGL. Both are correct. The flushing definitely is going to happen. That means it's actually working for those people. So for the people who are going to take niacin, under the direction of their doctor, if you have the no flush niacin, it is not going to give you any type of cardiovascular benefit. You have to get the flushing because that means that the process of glandens are being released. But the theory that using some type of supplement or medication to raise your HGL is going to have a positive cardiovascular benefit has not been proven. You know, all the old C-TEP trials show that when they use drugs to raise HGL, the people who got those drugs, they died faster than the placebo group. How to shoot throughout that niacin? Not necessarily. It's just that maybe it's neutral. But what dose are you going to use? Most people aren't going to tolerate going up like 2000 milligrams of niacin. Most people need to. If they're going to have that significant effect on their lipids. So I use it on occasion. It still does work for some people who are standing in tolerant or just prefer not to be on a stand for any reason. But it's sometimes a harder drug or supplement to use because to get rid of the nurses that work, most people have significant flushing to they're like, I can't tolerate this stuff. But to be clear, it does nious and effect health outcomes with HGL. I mean, I when I was looking at the data I wasn't convinced, I felt like it might change HGL, but it doesn't seem to affect any significant health outcomes. That's the best way to probably explain is that like date shell numbers will go up. But is that mean that the person has less heart attacks, stands, strokes, things, patients care about? Probably not. And I don't think any of the trials today that actually show them that nice and does that. Do you think that there's anything that people are really missing that seems to be really toxic for heart health? Poor sleep. Yeah. Say that. I have two little kids. I've been sort of two and a half hours last night. Season of life. Season of life. Well, yeah, except my daughter is going on six. Um, and my husband's in residency. Right. I remember residency. Like the worst time of your life for sleep. I mean, you don't sleep in your bed. Except for every like their night. And when you're working, working 36 hour shifts without sleep, you do because you have to do it. But in hindsight, you're like, that's like the worst thing you possibly ever could do from, you know, a health standpoint long term. And so you do it when you're young, but once you realize that, hey, this is going to kill me if I kept trying to do this, you have to do something different. Okay. Aside from sleep. Yes. Aside from sleep. Would it be, for example, people are really into CBD gummies or CBD? There's just a whole host of things that there's always these evolving or, you know, the bio charger that's up in our bedroom, things can. Are there any items whether supplement, substance, drug, and or activity that someone would not necessarily think about being very damaging? I mean, the CBD one is interesting. I don't proclaim to be an expert. I have some patients that have utilized that. And I said that the biggest challenge is that like, it's not regulated in a way where there's a standard diet's dose that you know, okay, like this dose from this dispensary is comparable to this dose from this dispensary. At least relatively new to our CBD from an anti-inflammatory at an important, or if it can help the person sleep. But where the challenge comes in, but more is when there's more THC in the product. Now in certain instances, it's beneficial. I have epilepsy. I'm not talking about that or if you have cancer. It's just like the general kind of use case for it. There's definitely some increased risk of increasing the drug. There's increased risk of age for a relation, which is a hardware-themissue that potentially increases the risk of stroke. So that's something you probably don't want to play around with unless you have a strong medical reason to be on it. THC, I see. Let's talk about the epic lipid inflammation and controversy of the keto CTHRL. So I'm going to let you kick this off because I am certain that you've got an a ton of questions. Yes, and I've seen many of these lean mass hypersponders over the years. And what is that? It's a phenotype where the person is lean. I believe that the BMI has to be less than 25. They have no evidence of insum resistance or pre-diabetes. And then on their labs, they have this panel where before they went on to a low carbohydrate diet, the LDL cholesterol had to be less than 160 milligrams, that's there. And they didn't have to have any genetic abnormalities for their lipids. They started a ketogenic diet. The LDL cholesterol goes north of HIL, generally 190, as he even has highest 500 in my practice. LDL, let's say. LZF 500. But we're not before. Just 10. But before, just 10. Just to understand this for the listener of the viewer, a lean mass hypersponder is someone who changes their diet, goes to a lower carbohydrate diet, and is it a higher fat diet or just low carb? It's low carb, but generally it's higher for high fat. And instead of improvements, technically, they shoot their cholesterol changes drastically. Correct. There are a little bit of, it's still like they have the meal, the hyperlibidemia. And now there are other parts of their traditional hypopanol, their checklists are low, their itchial high. And they will often say like, well, you know, metabolic healthy, so this other cholesterol doesn't matter. Maybe not. And this is what they're trying to look at in this observational trial. I applaud them for at least looking at the arteries because in the past, it used to be that, like, why don't I have diabetes and some resistance? So I'm pretty protective from baskets. And it's like, I believe, yes, that there are other things that drive plaque and arteries other than just LDL cholesterol. But that is one variable that is like blinking red. Like the check engine lights on. You've got to go looking like, is it causing damage to the arteries? Because I used to get live patients who had this kind of phenotype, they'd go get just a calcium score, and I say, my calcium score is zero. So I don't have to worry about this. You don't have to worry about it right now. And maybe in the year. But if you lift your labs like this for the next 10 years, unknown, you're likely to have more plaque in your arteries. You know, it's based off of meddling randomization trials in the past that say that if your LDL cholesterol is here, you're more likely to have plaque. It doesn't mean it that you're guaranteed, but, you know, it's risk. It doesn't sound like you drive your car. You don't expect to crash your car, but you wear a seatbelt. This is sort of like, if your LDL cholesterol is 500, if it's causing plaque in your arteries, maybe you want to do something about that LDL of cholesterol. So at least in this key to CTN trial, they're actually looking at the arteries with more invasive, or say non-invasive technology. They're using a CTN geogram, and then they're using the clearly AI overlay on top of it. So clearly is a company that uses AI software to analyze the images and can quantify the type of plaque that's in our theories. So I believe it's like, 100 patients were in the trial. It's an observational trial. I think it was the volunteers from kind of like a social media outreach. So it's a highly selected population of people who are motivated to see what's going on with their vascular system. And then just think that these people had been on this tabidide for a couple of years, and they've had these high lipids for many years, and we're untreated. So either they've gone to a doctor, and the doctor said, like, hey, I recommend you stop this diet in certain meds, or they just said, like, I'm not going to go to a doctor because the doctor is going to yell and maybe because my numbers are so high. So they get a CTN geogram at baseline. They stay on the keto diet that confirm it by using the keto mojo strips and such and confirm that, you know, they stayed on that diet for the four year, and then they repeat it at CTN ge, at the end of the year. And the primary outcome in the initial study was supposed to be how much change in non-calsified plaque was present. So not classified plaque is soft plaque. Plac this more potentially vulnerable to rupture and causing heart attacks. It's not the hard case white plaque that's usually kind of a scar in the artery. So that was their initial primary outcome, but in the actual paper, they really kind of gloss over that, and they focus more on that, like, well, these people had high able be, and they didn't seem to have more plaque because they would be. But when you actually look at the actual graphs, the non-cassified plaque increased in almost every person in the study, and it increased, like, 18 millimeters cubed plaque in that time frame, which would be more than what a kind of general healthy population would be. So it's still kind of early, let's say, it's observational, it's kind of, you know, hypothesis generating, doesn't prove that this diet is healthy, doesn't prove that this diet is going to cause you to have heart attack next year. But it does mean that you have to look a little bit deeper. So that's why I always kind of go back to what we talked about earlier. It's like, it's the root cause. Like, what's going on with the glycocholics and the defiliament? If that layer is healthy, maybe you can get away with having these paleoclosures a 500 for years. But the second you see that the glycocholics is damaged and the defiliament of those functions happening, and your arteries are stiff, and your nitric oxide is low. That person's the time bomb ready to go off in a few years. And you don't want to reduce the risk of a heart attack in one year. You want to reduce the heart attack risk for the next 30, 40 years. You know, you had said something earlier that there's a 20% increase in plaque year over year. The calcium score. The calcium score. Was that the same as those in this keto CTHR? It's kind of opposite, or just because most people do not have calcified plaque at the beginning. Because they're two. They're young. Yeah, relatively good healthy. You know, again, you and I have been friends for quite some time. I want to talk about muscle. I want to talk muscle and heart health. I believe that skeletal muscle is the most important muscle, and you believe cardiac muscle is the most important muscle. We will probably have to come to some understanding. And I am very curious as to the muscle heart connection from your perspective. Let's just say that they're synergistic. I don't think one is better than the other you need both. And that's something that, you know, I have say other than my geriatric training. I didn't learn about a lot in my cardiovascular training. The only people that would talk about it would be the heart failure doctors. Because those patients, you know, who are ending up on heart transplant list, they usually were sarcopenic. They're caccic because their heart is failing. Their body is demanding all the energy resources being sent to this weakening heart. Their skeletal muscles are giving you up by all that inflammatory compounds that are coming from a failing heart. So those are the more guys that really worried about muscle health. Do you think it's important to measure VO2 max and grip strength? I think both are important. Yeah, grip strength is very easy. I check it out with every single patient that comes to my office. Do you check your on? I do. I'm pretty sure. It's like, oh, so Shane's my husband and Vio for a timeless nurse. He is a third year urology resident, which is pretty funny. He's, I won't say the joke. But anyway, he's always checking his grip strength. Where's the ad now? I don't know. Probably superhuman. Okay, I mean, he's way more muscular than me, but I'm pretty happy. I'm 130 pounds on the right side, one 20s on the left side. So I'm top 1% for my age. Okay. Looking great for 25, friend. Looking great for 25. Do you routinely, you know, in our clinic, we don't even know our clinic is largely remote, except for my private patients. We don't measure VO2 max. We, I just a lot of patients they don't want to. They can, but, you know, we have people that will measure it for us. I am curious from a cardiovascular muscle connection standpoint. Do you think it's necessary to measure VO2 max? That's, sorry, probably not beneficial. Yes, if you're willing to do it, I've done at least two on myself. Yeah, and they're not fun. I mean, you go to, you absolutely feel like you're about to die. And then like, okay, you can stop now. And then, you know, at that point, yeah, when I did it, they're like, you're average range. And I'm like, great. I'm not trying to be in Olympian. Like, I want to live well. I don't want to be at peak. You know, we're capacity all my life. I don't have that much time to train to be in Olympic athlete. I don't know. You're probably doing it. I could probably do it if I wanted to. I'll tell you a funny story about one of the distresses was in the fellowship. In the minute, but the video to Max, it's a good metric of, you know, your aerobic capacity. You know, how well can you mitochondria engines actually work for you? So, you know, it's very similar to, you know, doing a regular stress test on treadmill, but you have a mask on that's capturing your expired gases. And they can be like, well, where is your capacity to continually utilize that oxygen? And then we're do hit that threshold. Ballpark, you know, 20 to 40 is kind of like where most people are going to fall. If you're about 40, you're doing something right. If you're under 15 and the cut off is 14 when I was still doing kind of like hospital work, if you're real to Max's under 14, and you had a bad heart, that was kind of a cut off saying, like, yeah, we should list you to get your heart transplant. And you don't routinely just to kind of close this out. You don't routinely measure a view of two Max's. If patients are very interested, I will send a for it. Yeah, I've had the frontier X2 chest strap, which is probably the most sensitive heart strap you can use for exercising. It can measure a EKG water exercising, and they'd claimed to be able to kind of relatively accurately measure estimated view of two max off of that. So, I think it's good enough for most people, but if you're really hardcore, gotta go do the real thing. Why don't you think more cardiologists focus on skeletal muscle health? Because they're focusing on cardiac muscle. Yeah, the the the the the the time is muscle and the catholic have, you know, when your arteries are, you know, open, they're rushing to open those arteries up because the muscle cells and the heart are dying until they get their restored blood flow. So, at least they use an allergy time as muscle, but they're thinking about cardiac muscle. If you, you know, you've covered a lot on how to protect your heart. And really, if we were to sum this up, it was lifestyle, be active, sleep well, I'm going to fight you on that one. This is a lot of parents don't have an option. Get outside where, um, blue black and glasses maybe. Eat a diet that augments nitric oxide. Keep your blood pressure low. Keep your stress under control. Don't drink alcohol. Caffeine okay drink alcohol moderation. Figure out if you are a high or low metabolizers of caffeine. And if you are high, 400 or more is just fine, just kidding. Check with your doctor. Do you have anything? No, that's an XR of you. And it's the basis of, you know, test don't guess. Like, everybody has their own individual, you know, story, their individual genetics. And then they go out in the world and do the things they need to do. But some people are at high risk of astrysis and others. If you do the right testing, you figure out who those people are and which labors you can pull back on to reduce that risk. If you could pick three tests, you covered the blood test that we talked about were LP little I, APOB, LDL cholesterol, HSCRP. Yes, and then also you talked about my low proxitys. I will say that in our clinic, almost every woman seems to have higher levels of my low proxitys. Is there a reason? It's associated with autoimmune conditions and women are at high risk for autoimmune conditions. High and mild proxitys can be a marker of HDL dysfunction. So just having high HDL does a mean that it's necessary doing the beneficial to your vasca system. You know, while the roles HDLs go into the arteries, pull out the cholesterol and take it back to recycle it. But if you have high mild proxitys, it keeps damage in HDL and the liver has to keep replacing it. So HDL numbers are going up in your blood, but they're not actually working. But if you have high mild proxitys, you gotta look and see if you do that. So they have an autoimmune condition or some other chronic infection that's driving that. And if they don't, how do you fix that? Pomegranate potentially helps. Okay, you know, I wonder if it's pomegranate or I wonder if it's your 11A? Probably that. So for those of you listening, we work a lot with timeline and mitochondria is clinically tested your 11A. Are you taking it? Not yet. Okay, well I have some. I'll give you some. But I think it's probably maybe it's not the pomegranate, but it is the, I don't know, I mean we shouldn't probably finish in. Yeah, look into that. The other tests and you know, I'm curious as to what home tests are accurate for looking at heart health. That's a great thing that I kind of look into that because the contents of your blood, it's easy to obtain from those people, but it doesn't tell the whole story. It doesn't tell you what's going on in the arteries. And so you know, yes, I have a whole fancy, you know, lab of equipment in my office at a polycardology, which you've been to a few times and we put you through the battery of testing. I'm due, by the way, on time or in another year. What do everyone come happy to have you back? Yeah, but in the office, yeah, the biggest test that we probably do is the endopath test, which we didn't talk about here today. And that's probably the gold standard way to really test what is your nitric oxide availability and ability for the arteries to dilate. So for those that haven't heard of the test, which most people haven't, the endopath test is an anonymous of test takes about 15 minutes. Your laying down comfortably, your fingers have probes on them and they're measuring the flow in your fingers. They're going to a five minute warm up and there's a five minute period where we have a blelpricicoth on your arm, pump it up higher than your systolic blelpricer and the flow cuts off. Your hand goes numb, generally, not dangerous. And after five minutes, you open up the stopcock, the blood rushes back down into the arm. This simulates exercise. The blood rushes back down into the arm. It stimulates the glycocalics. The glycocalics says, oh, here comes a bunch of blood, bound to lying into the theon releases nitric oxide. This smooth muscle and the artery copens up and the blood rushes back down into your hand, your hand wakes up. And then the test can measure how much do the arteries dilate with that response. And your arteries should at least double in size, but optimally triple or quadruple in size. If it's less than 1.68, so your disallionary dilating 68%, the average soon is into the oldest function. The arteries can't at least nitric oxide on demand. It's kind of like the force field is down. Your more prone that whatever's floating through your blood, the cholesterol particles, the light blood cells, the more likely the stick to the artery, and you're going to develop plaque in your arteries unless you do something about it. So it's the stress test for the arteries that we do in the office. Now you can't do that at home yet, but the heart testing you can do that can give you an idea is this a problem. And so we talked about it and we got some of the other, here comes the toy. All the toys that are there. All right, so for those of you who are listening, not watching. Oh, the scribe. So, let me try that. So I just drink stuff. You're not supposed to drink it. It's supposed to wait at least 15, 20 minutes, but. Oh, it's an earthy earth. It's an equal. All right, you talk about this. I'm going to... She's going to play around this. I'm going to play around this. Okay, this is not going to be accurate because I just have been drinking. So they look like a little bit of paper strips. There's a little pad on it. But saliva, you then bend the tab over. There's a little developer pad on the other side. And if you have nitrites in your salary pathway, the thing will light up red. If it does, that means you're generally giving a lot of nitrates into your diet. And you potentially have good bacteria in your mouth. You have the nitrate reducing bacteria in your mouth. You're able to break that stuff down. That ultimately comes nitrites in nitric oxide. Not everybody has high nitrates in their diet because they're not even green leafy vegetables or that dyspiosis of the or a microbiome because they're using mouthwash, they're using things with fluoride and her numbers are really not red. So she's getting good nitric oxide through that pathway. So that's step one. I talked about pulse wave velocity. So I'm wearing an urring. The reason I got the gin three was because they did at a future last year the cardio age, which is measuring pulse wave velocity. So as the blood rushes past the ring sensors, it's looking at how fast the arteries expand to contract. And you can look at the waveforms and it can determine how stiff the arteries are. So you want your cardio age to be close to your biological age. Mine is aligned, which is normal. And this is a pulse ox. It's not a pulse ox. So this one's called the high heart. So this is a little black box that looks like a pulse ox that I have in my emergency travel kit. Correct. So it's going to give you your heart rate and oxygen sets. But I'm not going to pull my phone right now. But if you had the app running, you do like a 2 1 1 1 1 4. And it will measure the arterial stiffness and we'll give you a vascular age reading, which can change throughout the day. But generally when I do this it's usually at my biological age, you're much younger. If it's higher than the biological age, don't freak out. Like look at your legs and pass the current head. Yeah. Look at your knee, if you'll do anything. Yeah. Yeah. If you go, why it might be high like, oh, I can help slip. Two hours last night. I, you know, just do a bunch of nicotine before I jumped on this podcast or something. Whatever, that's probably going to happen with this. Oh, bad as nicotine. We have a lot of people that let me see wait. Let me see. So we have a lot of friends and people that we know Matt, producer, who use a lot of nicotine. What does that do? It's a vasoconstrictor. And so similar to caffeine, you know, we can cause people that have higher blood pressure and cause palpitations. And so it's one is again like pastel gas like certain mind nicotine. Maybe it doesn't affect your blood pressure cause you to have, you know, issues with palpitations. But, you know, if you're going at a person level, a level of art is, got to dial it back. Yeah. And I'm telling you, it's a new tropeic for some people. You know, it is a cognitive booster. But, you know, but it can also be a vasoconstrictor. So, so people have corner disease. Sometimes they may contribute to the mapping chest pain with activities. So everyone is throwing their zins out the window. Matt is six, six milligrams. I tried to just try it. I almost threw up like immediately. Yeah. Yeah. And if you're not sensitive to it, or you should say, if you're sensitive, you're like, you know, less than a milligrams, most people pretty nauseous. Oh, it was a terrible idea. And of course, I tried it again. What else you have in that? Next toy. So this is a new one that I'm pretty interested in. This is the ConnectQT Paul. It's a little box that, you know, measures blood pressure. So it has a, you know, break your blood pressure cuff. So you'll get your traditional number. You know, it's going to say whatever you're going to want to know ready, which is a good starting point. But that's a blood pressure just going down to your hand. The thing that this box does that no other one to the market yet does is it measures central blood pressure. So when I was still in invasive cardiologists, we would feed a catheter and do radio artery or film artery and put a pig tail catheter in your order. And we can measure blood pressure in your order. And then measure the blood pressure in your left ventricle. Why would someone want that? Well, when you're doing a procedure, it's going to have a good idea to know kind of like how well the hard working, how hard is the pressure coming out of the heart because the higher the pressure in the order, the higher the pressure in the corn your arteries, and the more likely that high shear stress can damage the corn your arteries. So nobody wants me putting catheter using them to measure that pressure. But this device can assess what that pressure would be. So the cuff is on your arm and after it takes the regular measurement, you'll feel it kind of pulsating a little bit. It's basically assessing how stiff the arteries are because, for example, if your heart's beating 60 beats the left ventricle pumps, the blood comes out of the heart, goes down to your legs and this can hit those arteries and your legs, the the early acardis and it's going to be a reflection wave. So it's kind of like splashing water out of the wall, the water comes back. You can measure how fast that blood is coming back and that it estimates what is the blood pressure is coming out of your heart because that's the central blood pressure is what the blood pressure that you're brain when you talk about the patients, your geriatric and you know, you don't want to infect their central profusion. It's at central pressure that you want to focus on. That's the pressure that the coronary arteries, the heart arteries and then else your kidney arteries, that's what they sense. So if your central blood pressure is normal, less than 120 radii, but the arm is 150, leave them alone. They're profusioning the brain is perfect. Don't mess with them. So you want to treat their central blood pressure. You don't want the treat just break you. If we were to kind of pause and think about that blood pressure medication, beta blockers, what else, what is first line that you're using? Only asymptotipeters, antitens and receptor blockers or calcium cell blockers or first line. Beta blockers, interesting. Yeah, particularly the older ones, they lower brachial blood pressure, but they have no effect on that central blood pressure. So you're not really getting the benefits, but the asymptotipeters, the antitens and receptor blockers, calcium cell blockers, they lower both brachial and central. And what are the main side effects of those drugs? It depends which class, but ACE inhibitors, generally it's cough, antitens and receptor blockers, not a lot. Sometimes you say, if you get your blood pressure too low, then you just get back off in the dose, calcium cell blockers, getting those peripheral swelling in their feet. Sometimes, got some constipation at higher doses. And the beta blockers, classically, pretty hard to use, particularly younger people, particularly people who are very active. They're going to block cataclysmines, so they're blocking a journaling being secreted. So it can be used for big level of a lot of palpitations or you know, performance anxiety, but for blood pressure, they're really worth that potent. And then the person is probably going to have exercise and tolerance. Their extremities might be cold. They might have sexual dysfunction in guys. So hard to use. But the newer class of beta blockers like Nebivolol, training in bicedalic, it does have an effect on blood pressure because it affects the nitrogoxide pathways. So it's pretty much the only blood pressure medicine in the beta blocker class that I'll use if we're going to be using. But it's going to be probably third or fourth line effort. They've exhausted the injured, tens of seven blockers and calcium cell blockers. The reason I actually have that question is if someone is just getting a break-o artery blood pressure, which is what would be standard, and one an individual is treated off of that, is it true that they might not need it because it's not actually measuring the central blood pressure. Correct. And that's sometimes the case is where the person says, like, I'm taking the medicines, you know, I'm getting really light head and dizzy, how I don't feel good. And you check the blood pressure in their arm in the office and they're like 125, you're like, well, your pressure is a little bit high. Their central pressure is probably like 100 over 60. And the brain is like, hey, I need a little bit higher, a profusion pressure. So maybe need to back off, let the breaker run a little bit higher. So that's why this device is going to probably a game-chained for many people who are at high risk or are just very interested in the basketball health because this is kind of like the check engine like going on. When your central pressure starts to rise, you have a problem. This device also will come measure things that will look at the stiffness of the arteries as well. And this is a good kind of add-on to somebody who has a calcium score of zero. Great. You have a calcium score of zero. But a calcium score of zero means that you haven't developed hard-pucking arteries yet. But this is the kind of tell you like, if your arteries are getting stiff and your central pressure is high, you're more at risk for that. So for those people on that ketoCTA trial, there's might be an interesting device for them to have. If you're because I know that going into the trial, they had normal blood pressures, which if you see a cardiologist in the real world, everybody has kind of the triumph grid. They got high blood pressure. They got diabetes or pre-diabetes and they got high lipid issues. Nobody just has just lipid issues and the real cardiology practice. But if you have stiff arteries with this type of device, maybe you want to start backing off on that kind of keto die because maybe you're making a ton of oxidized LDL that's affecting your arteries. That's really fascinating. And that's called the connect- Connect QT. Okay. Well, hey guys, we're all trying that immediately. What? I just have to say what we can. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Julia said, we'll put links to all these devices. Just to close out. Are there a handful of supplements that are evidence-based? Not anecdotal, but that have a randomized control trials and evidence in humans that you think are valuable for heart health? The short answer is yes, but it's not a blanket statement where like everybody should take all of these things. Yeah. You have to look for deficiencies and you have to look for tolerances of certain ones that start again with the health of the glycocalics and the endothelium. If you can't make an electric oxide, there are products other that can help with that. There's products that can support the glycocalics. If the glycocalics is giving damage, there's supplements that can help regenerate the glycocalics. Then there's- That'd be like a beetroot juice and neo. You sent me like a neo 40s is a little tab. Yeah. The little tabs, yeah. The neo 40 that was initially that product that Dr. Nathan Brian developed, he now has a competitor that is in his own company called Imm1L1, which often utilize. There's an apricot called Vascanox from a company Calderoy. Full disclosure, I speak for them sometimes, but- That's an epic thing. Doesn't impact your ability to talk about because I often- I'm taking that product myself because I've looked at the research and it works well for me and I do this testing and my numbers are good. So I'm a pretty good bi-hagre. I try almost everything on myself first and make sure it works and then I talk about it with my patients. And then, you know, they're saying like, co-cuten, co-cuten, you know, may help with people who have muscle symptoms when they're on stands, you know, omega-3s, prefer people eat their seafood then supplement, but if they're a supplement, you know, only 2 grams a day on fish or else. But it's also really hard to get enough omega-3s. It's generally good. The co-cuten is our dose and is there a form? So generally you want to just target blood levels over 3. Yeah, you can either do your bicarneol or your bicarneol, the nupical and all should be absorbed a little bit better, but it's more expensive. So I just tell people, like, okay, yeah, pick a good brand that your doctor works with, but check the levels and then whatever it does it takes. So, ballpark, you know, a few are deficient. You're going to probably need between 100 and 300 milligrams a day. If you're on a stand or beta blocker, add 100 milligrams per drug that's on the depletes, co-cuten, magnesium, porn for 3 to 4 different reaction of the body. So anybody has the upper ratios, palpitations, corned or disease, sleep issues, or 75% of the Americans are deficient. Yeah, consider a magnesium. Yeah. And, you know, what forms basically moth oxide, because oxide isn't absorbed from the gut, if you're a constipate, take oxide, but if you're not. But if you have a big event, do not take magnesium oxide or if you are going on a plane or any kind of long trip. Correct. That's a little work. Not ideal. Yes. Those probably are the big ones that I would say. Well, thank you so much, doctor, Michael Twiman. You are just a wonderful human, a wonderful doctor. I am so grateful that you are willing to take care of me and our patients and just you do such a fantastic job. Thank you so much for coming on. Thank you. By listening to this episode, you're already doing what most people never do. Thinking about prevention before the problem starts. Most heart attacks are preventable, but only if we look deeper than LDL, only if we challenge outdated norms and only if we value data diagnostics. If this episode shifted your mindset, send it to someone you care about, because heart disease doesn't wait and neither should we. If you haven't already subscribed to the show, thanks for being here. See you next time.