What would define high quality healthy muscle versus unhealthy? Non-functional, as in it's not strong. It can't produce any function. The classic visual image is going to be marbled, meaning you have fat infiltration in that, right? You're going to have other bi-products inflammatory responses, suboptimal ones, right? The bigly sensitivity, beta-adrenaline receptors. Every hormone receptor is either way dialed up or way dialed down. So insulin, antibiotics, estrogen, all these things are typically off. Bi-products, basically every marker of healthy functionality might a conjury of health, metabolic properties of them damage, not always every case, but the gills. Typically, especially their at that point. So let's go back to say, like, I don't think that's true. However, I don't think there's a strong argument that once you and men get passed about 20 to 21, they're getting any more will exceedingly increase your health span. I think that's hipers off. I do think from 14 to 21, 22, it helps. Going from 22 to 25, 22, it's like 25 is a lot. That's really big on a muscle. I don't think any health here. I think at that point now we're looking at all their aspects of your health, your metabolic health, your immune to max, your lifestyles, your mental health, like your sleep, okay, great. That's not the case though, first rank. That's not the case for me to max either. There are multiple, multiple giant datasets. You're talking about meta analyses on top of meta analyses. One just came out like this week. It was some insane number of papers. It was some carmel. It was like 5,000 papers in this meta analyses. If you look at Jonathan Myers work, all the way back to Steven Blair's work at late 1980s, early 1990s. You typically will see no upper limit to benefit for leg strength, grip strength, or Vyautomax. Almost never. That's a pretty big statement. It does not stop. So if you are, that's like we've seen our coach and practice all the time, like, you know, if you're viewed to max is great, it's not good enough. Why? Because like there's no number, you could put on the way black. That's good enough. I mean, yeah, I understand. That's the number, right? So what you'll see is those numbers don't tend to stop, right? And you'll actually see like in these papers, the classic one that I always think of here is Jonathan's paper is actually from the VA. Like there's like 750,000 people in this study, 174,000 died. And of course, it's study not because intervention, but you know, this is where it's great. Yeah. So it's hard end points. This is the point. Like who lived, who did not die or who did? And you see this is when you see these like classic homorbidities stack up, right? So you see diabetes, you see smoking, you see coronary artery disease, all stacked up against Vyautomax. Right? And you're looking at like those things are increasing has a ratios for all cause mortality like 1.2, 1.4, like that's not good, right? So you can kind of, it's not how it works friends, but like to be very quick. It's like a 1.4, I mean like a 40% increase in risk. It doesn't mean like 40% chance you're going to die, but like it's a, so don't over interpret that. But you stack the Vyautomax numbers up. And instead of being 1.4, it's like 2.6, 3.8, 5.2, like the numbers are, that's dwarfing. Yeah, smoking. They're dwarfing diabetes. They're dwarfing, stacking those things together, right? These numbers get large. And in that, you go from the, so imagine, think about this way. This is not what they did, but I'm trying to help folks like collectively understand what generally the research will say here. So you take all of a sudden or let's make it a million, make numbers easy. Great. Put a million people in this database. And we say, okay, we're going to break this into courthouse, which means the top 250,000 scores, you're in the top group, you're a group A. The next 250,000 scores group B, you're in the 50th to 75th percentile. So it works. Bottom 3, 250,000, you're in the C group. I mean, see the 25th there and in the bottom. Now I'm doing well, friends. Means we're in the bottom 25th percentile. Bottom 25th percentile means 75% of people are better than you. 20 means, right? All right, awesome. If you're in that bottom group, like, you're, if you go from the bottom group to the second highest group, that C group, right? You're still 30th percentile. 70% of people are still higher than you. You're talking about risk reductions of half. You're cutting your risk of dying in half by going from just the terrible group to the still terrible, but not as terrible group. Like, that's what you're really talking about. You can pull different papers and you'll see different numbers there, but like you're getting the same general point. So I'm breaking into quintiles. You know, 20% 20% 20%. So I'm doing 25%. So I'm doing quintile. Like they're, they do all different things, right? Different database, different populations, and numbers differ, but it's all generally going to say the same thing. If you go to the top though, and you say, great, let's stop the group at the 90th percentile. Those are the 90th percentile and compare those to the 99th percentile. You still see, you still see, wow, less reduce in the 99th percentile. And it does not stop. And so even going from 90th to 99th percentile still confers the survival advantage for the two max. And the same thing has been shown in grip strength as well. So there just appears to be no upper limit to benefit at the population level, like very clearly at the population level, to continually getting stronger and getting your Biotimax higher. And I mean, that's a really important statement. The idea that cardio respiratory fitness is extremely important for overall health longevity. Yeah. And literally, it's almost outside of having an infection or actual acute disease. There's just, I can't make an argument for anything else being more important for how long you're going to live. Well, the controllable factors, nothing is going to beat that. And Viotimax people are probably thinking endurance, but there's multiple ways to increase your Viotimax, whether it's high intensity interval training, we know that that's effective. Now, I've read a few papers. There's not that many. And maybe there's more now the relationship between Viotimax and skeletal muscle. Have you, I mean, so as a trained jury tradition, what we would look at is in terms of Viotimax, we looked at papers and data sets that really, it seemed as if that the more healthy skeletal muscle muscle mass they had, the better their Viotimax was. Okay, so that's a manipulation of math a little bit. Okay. So Viotimax is measured in a metric of leaders per minute. So how many leaders of oxygen can you bring in per minute? That's absolute Viotimax, right? Typically, we talk about Viotimax expressed in a relative term, which means mill leaders. Now, we got from leaders to minutes. You got to do a little bit of unit conversion, but it's mill leaders per kilogram per minute per minute. And so by default, bigger people have a more skewed Viotimax negatively skewed than smaller people. This is why, like if you take an NFL player, not even that, like it's just a guy who's over 100 kilos. You tend to like get a falsely set a false sense of their Viotimax being lower than it actually is because their body mass is being the denominator. It's getting them smashed. So it's actually not a linear thing. If you look at like power lifting and weightlifting, Olympic weightlifting, you don't just see, like who's best left or take your body weight and divide it or take your however much you lift it divided by your body weight. They have to actually correct for it because it doesn't scale that way. Like a strong lift or who's your size, you know, 70 60 kilos 50 kilos, something like that. You lifting double body weights not that hard, but somebody who's 100 kilos lifting double body weight is really damn home. Totally. It scales that way. So Viotimax plays a little bit of that same game. Bigger people will get falsely represented a smaller Viotimax because everything is being divided by their body weight. So if you're looking at relative, you're going to, you're going to lose like the math is going to get you a little bit there. In addition, when you're smaller, you're physically total body mass, you're less likely to have, if you're smaller, you're more likely to have a better body composition, just because it's hard to be 120 pounds and be 50% body fat. But you can do that at 280 pounds, like pretty easily. Yeah. So it's really, really hard. So most likely smaller people are generally most likely leaner in those equations. So your, your misrepresenting that misrepresenting. Yeah. So what you're saying is it's, there's not a direct correlation between skeletal muscle mass or even healthy skeletal muscle mass and Viotimax performance. There is. Oh, they're it. Oh, for sure, there's a relationship. Okay. No question. You will not see somebody or put this way. If you go the inverse here, when you run a counterfactual, you will not see somebody with the Viotimax of 75 with unhealthy muscle. No way, right, because Viotimax is too far. It's a central peripheral, right? It is the equation for that is your cardiac output. What's cardiac output is two components. Your heart rate. So how many times you can pump multiplied by your stroke volume. How much blood comes out per pump. Okay. That is hard. That is cardio pulmonary. I have to be able to get things in. So this is where back size long size matters. I have to bring air in. I got to get that oxygenated air cardio pulmonary in my heart. I got to get that thing pumped out. Okay. Then the second half of the equation is A, Viotim difference. So it's a difference in oxygen between the arterial and Viotimax side, which is basically saying how much can actually extract into skeletal muscle. So if you have bad muscle low capillary density, probability use it, hormonal, collateral function, myoconular function. I'm you have a backup of a oxygenation. So we start running. We have to kick over the anaerobic side. Then you're going to struggle to handle that sort of equation. So it is two components to it. And there is no way to say you can have dysfunction on one side and still have a high total. It's half the equation. It won't be there. So you can be okay. Just like you can have really great muscle and pork cardio pulmonary. So it might be okay. You can't have great and be terrible in the equation. Same thing to say. If you take somebody who's got to be able to max its low. And if all you do is train their musculature, you can see huge improvements in Viotimax. If that muscle quality is really really really poor for that exact reason. Right? If it is an oxygenation, I'm thinking about this way too. Imagine going upstairs. And if you're going upstairs by the time you get the top, you're like half an puff and you're like 70, 80%. It's probably not because your cardiovascular system is unfit. It's often times because your legs are weak. Why? Because every step now it took 70 or 85% of your 1-art max. This caused such a large amount of muscle mass to contract. It caused large amount of energy production that you had to kick energetic demands of so high. If you got your muscle super strong and now walking up those steps represent a 10%. If your cardiovascular system didn't change at all, you're now way more important than you are. That makes a lot of sense. So really they're interrelated. 100% of the equation.