should we be able to live without some of the modern common comforts? Would we be able to live without electricity? Should we live without having cell service? Can we live without being able to have transportation somewhere? Can we live without communication? Without can we do all those things? I think those are important questions to ask. And it's not that, oh my gosh, if I can't do that, you're going to die in the next year, but no, but how prepared are you for any given scenario? That's education. By the way, even if OK grid doesn't go down and everything's going well there, but all of a sudden, everybody realizes that the Fed has been screwing us this entire time, and money goes away and now it's a digital, you know, sort of cool, cool. What are you going to do with that? How prepared are you? Do you understand how money works? Are you actually protected? Are you just going, I don't know. I was told to just go to work for 30 years, throw things in a 401k. OK, cool, how about the market crashes? What are you going to do? Every single bit of this, it's going to be on just physical. This is just preparedness in general. Thank you to Paleo Valley for sponsoring this episode of the show. Paleo Valley beef six are some of my most favorite go to high protein snacks. They are 100% grass fed and grass finished. They are sourced from small domestic farms. They use organic spices. They come in different flavors, whether it's original or karaoke or summer sausage or even garlic summer sausage. They are fermented, which is probably one of my favorite points about this product, which creates this naturally occurring probiotic. And of course, they taste amazing. Paleo Valley is offering my listeners 15% off. You can use the code, Dr. Lion, or go to PaleoValley.com slash a doctor lion. These Paleo Valley beef six are amazing for on the go. People and patients ask me all the time, how can they plan for travel and just being out and about? This is a great way to do it. You're 15% off PaleoValley.com slash doctor lion. Matt Boudro. I nailed it. Thank you so much for coming and sitting down and talking with me. I know that your message will impact many of the listeners. You are on a mission to change the future of our children. Is that accurate? Extraordinarily accurate. Tell me, what are you doing? So everything we're doing is under the Apigy Strong umbrella. We talk about our mission as getting back to sovereignty and freedom by educating the entire family. That's the biggest blanket statement I can give you. We'll talk about all the different verticals of how we're doing that. But that's really what it is for us. Tim and I put this together with the idea that sovereignty and freedom, these are not things that people talk about. We don't understand how to pursue it and you understand how to pursue it through being educated around what that means. So everything we're doing is education. The primary individuals that you are educating because there's a difference between schooling and education. But you have this Apigy is essentially, how would you describe it? It's not a school. We got physical campuses coming. We've got all these different verticals that are designed to be able to stand alone. And they all culminate and come together through our physical campuses too. So we've got mentorship for young men. Why would that be important? So why would mentorship for young men? Holy moly. So schooling what you said, schooling and education, right? Vastly different things. Scooling is the biggest religion in this country. We've been taught that school looks a certain way. You go at a certain age. You do a certain thing at a certain time and hey, by the way, young men or young women, that's what everybody does. Right? And it looks exactly the same. And if you don't play that game well, something's wrong with you. How does it end by the way? Yes. And schooling, would you say that that indoctrinated the way are you think? It's a hundred percent indoctrination. That's what, so by the way, that's what it's designed to do. But it's not even just indoctrination around the agendas that we're seeing play out. And you get a lot of people that are being very, you know, vocal rightfully so about the agendas that we're seeing playing out in our schools. But for me, it's a sneaky indoctrination of the design of the whole thing in the first place. Right? Now you and I both know people that did really, really well in the school. They did really well. And they're struggling in life. We both know people who didn't do well in school and are crushing it in life. Well, those are two very different games. School and life are not the same, obviously. But we've got this belief, this emotional attachment to the belief that school is designed the way it is based on some sort of human development. And based on the fact that you've got to get the development to look exactly like this for life to work out that's provably garbage, right? So the indoctrination that I'm most worried about are the habits that you build for 12 years. The habits that you build of blind obedience. The habits that you build of, who's the authority, the habits that you build of going, hey, government, tell me what to do because the government's telling me what to do and when to do it from time on five years old none. So we've got that habit that's built. You're getting that habit of going, hey, I'd love to write my own story, but I'm going to go ahead and hand the pen over to somebody else. They're going to write the story for me and they're just going to tell me what to do. You do that for 12 years. It's really hard to be able to think for yourself to educate yourself, to move forward in your life without going, hey, somebody tell me what to do and when to do it. That's the indoctrination I'm most worried about. Going back to one of those original questions, young men in particular are not suited for that. So what are we doing in our schools? We go, okay, well, he's five. You know, yeah, he wants to be outside, he wants to be running around, he wants to be playing, he wants to be a five year old young man. He wants to be physically active, but what we need them to do is sit here for six hours. We need them to sit down, we need them to be quiet. We need them to listen to somebody who would bore the hell out of basically anybody right in looking at there are there's brilliant teachers out there. I have nothing against good humans who are teaching, but the system says follow this script. And so somebody can come in step in and follow this script and go, no, no, no, no, sit, obey. Do it right, we're taking them out of the natural environment and when he has a trouble doing that, we go, ah, he must have a method and fed him into efficiency. All right, so I think that's what it is. We better get him on some meds. He better get him on some meds quick. And so it's we are we're literally attacking the foundation, the factory settings of these young people. We are attacking the foundation factory settings of the young man. That's exactly it, man. We are disrupting it's like if you took a phone, you get your factory settings. And you start adding a bunch of malware and a bunch of garbage apps and you get a bunch, what happens that phone eventually? It does not function. Do you think that that is why we are seeing what we're seeing in the world, for example, 70% of Americans, either overweight or obese, the way in which we function, just the honor and integrity and just the things that we're seeing. Do you think that that's the root cause? It's a, I believe it's a multifaceted issue, but I do believe that's a huge part of that that doesn't get questioned enough. Right, we question the agenda is the sexualization of kids, the pornography and schools and rightfully so. We are questioning those things. But we're not questioning the system as it's designed as becoming this thing to make somebody apathetic. So then you are now more prone to being, you know, to to suggestibility, right, of any kind of outside source. And because you are living a life where you're just kind of apathetic, then you get out and you're looking for, how do I just distract myself? You know, people, it's just, I guess I'm learning while I'm over here. We confuse schooling with education. I guess I'm learning. And I kind of hate learning. I need something to take my mind off of it. TikTok video games, right, distractions or a plenty of stuff. It's this multifaceted thing. And so then you got a group of parents who are now, you know, they grew up in the same thing. They're going, hey, Johnny, you can be anything you want. While Johnny also hears them say, it's Monday. I hate my job, I hate my life. I hate the parents aren't leading by example. Right? And so it's been this. Parents are not leading by example. Would you say, you know, and people will say, maybe you guys will skip through this episode because you don't have kids. That's the wrong thing to do. Oh, I don't understand. Because you have also gone through the traditional schooling system. So every adult out there needs to hear this so that you can begin to reevaluate the way in which you are processing the world. 100%. So here's the deal. If you are not a sovereign human, and when I say sovereign, what is it? So again, sovereignty to me in the definition of terms always matters. Right? Socrates says the beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms. So definition of terms always matters to me. Sovrenty to me means I'm going to have the ability, understanding and bravery enough to do what I want to do. When I want to do it with whom I want to do it with without infringing on the rights of other people. Right? I don't answer to anybody. I don't work with anybody I don't want to work with. I don't work for anybody I don't want to work for. I have control over the things that I can have control over. That all comes through education. I've got to be educated on how to be physically sovereign. I've got to understand what health and fitness really looks like. So I can embrace that. I can be brave enough to make that a consistent part of my life. And I can move forward. I've got to understand how the financial game actually works. What is money actually? Like what can you do? What does that game look like? I don't have to be in the 1040 tax world. Like everybody else. I can look at the 1041 system which allows me to save more money and give more money. I can there's so many things to be educated upon. So if you're whether you have kids or not, if you are not a sovereign being, you've got work to do. And hey, by the way, if you're a sovereign being, you still have work to do. Growth is the natural state of a human. We stop growing. You start dying. They're like nothing isn't a neutral. My question to you is, why you? Why now? And before you answer that, I want to just mention a bit of your bio. You've had an extensive bio. Not only have you, you were named by the way, corporate trainer of the year at Stanford University. You've spoken to over a quarter of a million people. You've done a two time, or your two time feature TEDx speaker. You've just done so much. You've educated in and utilized the secretic method, which we are going to have to talk about because embarrassingly when I was prepping for this, I was only aware of my shortcomings through education on a very superficial level. And that's one of the reasons I'm so excited to sit down. And I consider myself educated, successful, capable of defining and working through a life that is by my own design. And even through that, I have fallen. I don't want to say victim, but almost indoctrinated into the traditional way of thinking. Don't why you, why now? It's a great question. That's a big question. It's a heavy question. Because I'm not, I'm very comfortable in saying that I know the game inside and out. And when I say the game, I mean the game of school and how that differs from education. And my background there, you know, Naval talks about specific knowledge. So my experience is the things that I know, the things that I can bring to the table. So my experience in at-stampered in public schools is a public school teacher and public school administrator in private schools as a teacher and administrator. Starting my own campuses, speaking to all these organizations, when you're talking about the number of people, speaking to them, speaking to, you know, US Air Force and Lockheed Martin and Purina and National Security Center and American Eagle. And, you know, Amazon and Google. And these are all my clients. And so I'm speaking to these organizations and I'm hearing what they wish they saw from young people, what they're not seeing. So I've got a unique- That's interesting. That's interesting. Very much so. They want something different. 100% they do. The people that are moving the needle in the world are wanting a needing something different. You bet. But, these kids have been putting into a pipeline with the same thing. And the organizations a lot of times are still asking for this. So like, that's part of the frustration, right? Is they're going, hey, we want something different. But what are they still recruiting the same way? They're still asking for resumes. They're still asking, but you start talking to these guys outside of it. And they're like, we don't really care about the rest. We don't even care about the college degree anymore. We don't really care. I mean, that's the normal thing. We want somebody who holds our same set of values, who comes in and provides value right away, who has an idea of how this whole operation works, who hasn't, like, we don't care if they're asking questions. We want them to ask questions, what them be? Okay, with making mistakes, we want, they're saying these things, but they're setting up a system that makes people believe, okay, it's still the whole traditional round of you. You gotta go to college, and you gotta go to college. That's a whole game in and of itself. So there's so many of these conflicts. So as far as why me, I don't think it's a me. I think it's a us. It's a us, right? So I can speak from that perspective, but I can also speak from the perspective of being a parent, and watching young people thrive, working with thousands of young people over two decades, seeing who's thriving, who's not finding these patterns, and then getting to work with so many of me, you know, we know we're talking about all the amazing individuals that we have in common, right, all the friends, mutual friends that we have. These are high level human beings. So watching them, figuring out how they operate, and going, okay, what are the patterns of success, right? Having that at our fingertips, and Tim and I can go, okay, here's what we're seeing. Here's what we can offer. We're giving you a roadmap for you to eventually get to being, at a point of educating yourself. And we've got a lot of people who are seeing this too. So I think that the us really comes down to, we have the ability to see all these things, bring these people in, but also get to the masses and get this going quickly. This can't be something that's done in the next 20 years. This is something that needs to be done now. Desperate, desperate. Desperate. I love and you referenced Tim. This is, we're talking about Tim Kennedy, love Tim Kennedy. No, great guy. What is the program that you've developed? So we start, so I love to, I would nobody else, I'd rather do this mission with, man. If you don't know Tim Kennedy is remissing out, he's exactly what you think he is to him. And he is that wild, he's that crazy, but if you listen to him, he's that brilliant, he's one of the most intelligent humans I know. He is one of the most intelligent humans I know. And his heart is as big as freaking taxes. I've spent time at his house. He's a phenomenal husband, he's a phenomenal father. So nobody all type wanna be on this mission with. So we started, after you strong, I started a couple of schools, three schools in California, and I had the largest, socratic, base K through 12 in the nation. So I started that for my kids and invited other people to come along and we had been wildly successful and whole lot of fun. So did that Tim, I heard Tim on a podcast saying, he wanted to start a school on my K. I don't know how to do that. Let's connect, so help Tim start getting, go in an Apigy Cedar Park. But we went, hey man, we've got so many mutual friends, we have so many guys in our corner. I have good men at my thing that I can call that I can pick up a phone and go, hey man, and they're gonna answer the phone. They're good men doing good things in the world. Tim obviously is connected to a lot of good men doing a lot of really good things in the world. We talked about the problem earlier for a young man. They're not being given these great role models. They're not being, you know, how to the fire and go and look man, here's what it means to grow up to be a good man. So that's where everything started, knowing that multiple dominoes would fall. We started with the Young Men's Mentorship Program, virtual mentorship program. We started that three years ago. So the Young Men's Mentorship Program grew very quickly. We've got hundreds of young men all over the world. And we kind of focus on that 12 to 18 year old range. And they've got a very specific 12 month road map that they go through. And we're not saying that this is the 12 month, we're just saying it's a really good 12 month road map of actual educational experience. There's sales, there's marketing challenges, there's public speaking challenges. And they learn to getting contact with an interview, you know, LEO and military and CEOs. And they start putting together this digital portfolio of their journey into leadership. It's not school in the least. I love it. Journey into leadership. Exactly. And they're documenting the entire thing. So they got this road map. They're going through that got recommended readings. They've got workouts that were sending them. They're in a private platform. We're pouring into them every single day. And then every week we are bringing on the best of the best to speak with them. And when I say best of the best, I mean, you name it. We're talking about Bayed Rose. I'm not ready. We're talking about Andy Fersella. We're talking about Patrick Betdabe. We're talking about, I mean, we've had all these guys come in and speak with these. Not speak to speak with the young man or on the calls with them hearing from the best on how to be the best. So we started out there. And by the way, if a young man pours in for those 12 months, if he actually shows up and does the work, we'll work with him forever. No charge. They stay with us. They had young men who have now been with us for three years. We will continue to pour into these young men forever. So we started there inevitably. And we knew these would be the dominoes. We had dads going, any chance you want to do this. I was in average. I was schooled. I was an educated. I'd love to have something for men. I'd love to have something for men. And maybe even have a roadmap that also talks about marriage. Talks about relationships. Talks about raising the next generation. Talks about business. I don't know how to do this. I'm afraid to step out and start my business. I've just followed the path. And inevitably, we had all these dads asking us to develop something for men as well. So now we have about a thousand men from around the globe, going through a very similar process, speaking to the same caliber of humans. Their challenges, their projects are more intense for sure. Good. As they should be. But it's an amazing opportunity for these guys to grow. That turned into, we have our ladies program. We've got our young ladies on the way. We've got about 300 families around the world that we help through home education. We have some mutual friends of ours that do that that are in that program too. And now we're launching our physical campuses. We've got our Apigy Cedar Park that Tim runs in Cedar Park, Texas. Yep. And then we went, hey, we need to bring this physical location, because we have some people that are like, I'm just not going to get out of the physical space. I need a physical space for my young heroes. We went within affiliate model, much like CrossFit. We have people apply to be able to run one of these and we give them the keys to the castle. Like here's how to do it. Here's how to do it well. We have a massive support system. We're building out the entire year for them. But they had the intellectual freedom to say, hey, okay, I kind of want to tweak it. I want to do this. We've got about 50 physical campuses, K-12s, young men, young women that are launching in the fall. And we think we're going to have probably another 100 that we'll do next year. We're asking for just good humans who believe in this mission of character and values and real education to, to challenge. See, if you want to bring it to your community, oh, and by the way, mom and dad, when your kid goes to one of those campuses, you automatically get to go through Apigy Man and Apigy woman so that we make sure we are educating the entire family. I'd like to take a moment and thank one of our sponsors, Ned, Ned makes an incredible magnesium product called mellow magnesium. And I first heard about mellow because I was having trouble getting to sleep, staying asleep, and mellow magnesium has helped me do that. Many Americans are actually deficient in magnesium. And this is a mineral that is essential to hundreds of functions in the body. Ned's mellow magnesium was designed to address the fundamental deficiencies that come from our modern lives. Mellow magnesium is a daily super blend. It has three forms of curated magnesium, has GABA, Alpineen, amino acids, and over 70 trace minerals. For me, it's help improve my sleep, reduce stress, improve my mood, help with my gut, and potentially even strengthen my immunity. This is a full transparency product. Ned shares all of its third party lab reports, which I think is amazing. Go to helloned.com. That's HEL-L-O, and ED.com slash doctor lion for 15% off all Ned products. It's critically important. I care about this because I care about our world. And I have a three year old boy and a five year old girl. And I watch them and they are in a private school, and I watch them, and they come home, and I think to myself, who is raising this child and these children to be, again, I care about my boy, I care about my girl, and I want to know how number one I can instill habits. So you'd mention that there are faults in the habits that these children are indoctrinated. And if I were to think, and my children are very physically active, if you were to tell me the top three to five habits that we need to instill in these children, whether it's my little boy, my little girl, and then I want to know that first. And then I want to know the top three to five habits that we need to watch out for, that we need to potentially undo or challenge. Gosh, I love that. So leading by example, you guys leading by example is by the way, it doesn't matter if they go to school, if they don't go to school, you are the primary educator in their life period and the story. Always have been always will be. Right? Kids will do what you do before they do what you say. So it is wildly important that you, your husband, right? Any parents, show up and they are the people that they say they are. No hypocrisy. Open honest, moving yourselves for. So as far as habits for these young people, ultimately what we want to get them to is self-direction. Right? You don't want them to be in 40 and haven't to live with you. Right? I mean, you love them. You're right now, I think. Right now, it's not clear. Right. 100% and by the way, it always sounds great. If you do it right, you have a girl relationship, of course. But the reality is you want them to be sovereign individuals too. Right? Ultimately, you want them to have the knowledge and the capability to go pour into the world, to go serve other human beings, to go build a life of their own design and the byproduct of doing that, being active in living with a purpose, the byproduct, then's that being joy. It's not chasing joy. We don't chase happiness. You chase a purpose. Happiness becomes a byproduct. You chase a purpose and happiness becomes a byproduct. That's the way it actually works. So the biggest thing you can do is we want to remain as close as possible to those factory settings. So when we work with these young people, what we're trying to do is we're trying to keep factory settings where they are, where they come out with this factory setting, we're trying to keep that. And when we work with the adults, we're trying to usually get them back to fact. It's a lot of times it's a addition by subtraction. It's getting rid of the garbage. And then we want to get them back to that. So what do we mean by factory settings? Well, health is a factory setting. You come out, God willing, no complications. And I understand there are scenarios. Obviously there's the one off kind of things. But you come out as a healthy, capable human being. So we want to maintain that health. You can speak to that better than I can, but real food matters, activity matters, sunlight matters, sleep matters. So building the habit of understanding or physiology and how much that plays into your ability to grow as a human matters. It's one of what we call the meta skills. So understanding that matters, by the way, we talk about mental health for our young people, obsessively. Well, physical health is the precursor to mental health. There is no avoiding that. If you say, I want my kid to be mentally healthy, but you're feeding a Mickey D's. They don't have a normal sleep time. You're letting them stay inside all day and not get suned. They're not active. They're sitting on, you don't care about their mental health. Period. So that's one of those things. Maintaining curiosity is one of those habits. That's why we use it. That's very much so. So what are kids? You're three and five real prime examples right now. Why? How? Can I? How does that? Why? Why is that? Cool. That's awesome. That gets trained out of us in school. Because school says, give me the right answer. There's one right answer. Give me the right answer. I'll like care about his answers. Regurgitate an answer. Why does it? Because I said so. Why does it? Because it's on the test. Why does school trains you to stop being curious? Curiosity is the natural state of a human. We are wired to want to grow. We understand and hearingly that growth means life. We have to. At the minute we stop growing the minute we stop learning, we start dying, whether your body gets buried or not, you've started to die. So maintaining that curiosity, the habit of taking on responsibility. When is it too early to start that? Never. What would be an example for my three and five year old? They're going to come into, you know, they're going to come into a kitchen sometime. They're going to be like, hey, mommy, can I help you cook? What do we do as parents a lot of times? And I'm guilty just when I say this, please understand. There is no such thing as a perfect parent. I am far from a perfect parent. No such thing as a perfect. There is no such thing as perfection, but the pursuit of perfection should always be the goal. Right? But they come in and they're like, hey, can I help you cook? What do we want to do? No, go ahead. That's what we should be doing. No, no, go ahead. That's what we should be doing. Is going, yeah, cool. Sounds good. Let's go. What a parent's mom. That's going to take too long. Oh, it's going to get messy. I'm going to break the egg. Right? And so we squash. We start slowly squashing curiosity. We should be going, yeah. Awesome. That sounds good. But as they get older, what are the jobs around here? They can fit. Is it cleaning up their room? Is it vacuuming? Is it there is no. And you think that's why people are facing it. Is doing wildly important. And they want to help. They want to contribute. They find value in there. Right? They get self, they self esteem. Self confidence is something that always has to be earned. And it's earned by doing things that matter. That's the way we're designed. It's not earned by somebody telling you you're the best. No. It's not earned by yours. You're awesome. You're fantastic. And all these affirmations. It's great. But in their mind, their subconscious, they need something to attach it to. So attaching it to a process of looking, you are helping others, you are being a good human, you are providing value, you're doing the right thing. That's where self esteem, self confidence comes from. So we've got to give them that responsibility early and often. I love that. So far, I have self-directed activity. And that means in my mind that, for example, my little children that they should be able to play and do activities where I am not having to show them every little thing to do that they should be able to entertain themselves and have some kind of self-directed capacity. The other thing that I heard you say was get back to factory settings, meaning and that actually sounds like that comes from the parent. Getting them outside early, making sure that they're physically active, providing healthy food, etc. The other thing would be the third thing that you had mentioned was maintaining curiosity. And finally, and I'm sure that there's more, is allowing them the process of responsibility. You bet early and often. Early and often. My third as we speak right now, my third senior old is that work. She works, like, show work 20 hours this week. What are some of the, and you've been in education for 20, about 20 plus years? About two decades. Congratulations. Yeah, thank you. There were two things you had mentioned this, Cicrotic method. And I would love to hear how important that is, what it is, and should we as parents at home be utilizing it and even as adults with no children should be thinking about this as a framework for thinking in and of itself. Well, you bet. That's what you're so. This is the framework for thinking. So we talk about, you know, school say, um, we want to build critical thinkers. So what they say is the cliche is what you're supposed to say. We want to build lifelong learners and critical thinkers. Okay. But the system is designed to do exactly the opposite. Critical thinking means you're thinking about you thinking. Why do I think this? Why do I believe this? Why do I say this? Why do I believe what I say? I believe in my emotionally enough and control to take a look at other evidence and weigh it and consider it and then make a, and educate a decision and go this is the best evidence that I have right now. So I'm going to go. That's where we ultimately want to get. But again, maintaining curiosity is the precursor to all of that. So the Socratic method at its most basic form is that, well, why? Why? Why? And taking that down to the root of the foundation of whatever it is that you're questioning. Right? Why does the human body respond well this sunlight? Why what would happen if the sun doesn't come out? What would happen if I lived in Seattle? And I never saw this on. How is that impact my mind? Like, anytime we're questioning and just going down, that's, essentially, a precursor to the, to the Socratic method more intentionally. What I like to do with my kids and what we do on our campuses is we'll do a more tactical kind of a Socratic approach where we'll utilize books, stories, movies, the lives of people we know and go, okay, we'll now hear them. Now you're this person. You're the protagonist in the scenario. You've got option A. You've got option B. What are you going to pick and why? And start getting the reps in on, okay, I would make this decision in this kind of scenario because my values determine that I go this way and the ripple effect would be, right? So there's an element of who am I and what happens if I make this decision. And you've got to weigh both of those when you start getting really good. What you do is you start having scenarios where it's like option A option B both equally great. But they're very different and you have to defend one even though your answer is right here or both equally suck. And you've got to pick one because the answer is really in the middle, but you got to pick one and you got to defend it. Why it makes you think about your thinking. And so really all of it, the root of all of it is just allowing for questions and going, okay, what if what if without having to even force a predetermined answer. Let's talk through making these decisions. You get reps. What happens when you go to the gym? You get reps at movements. So you get better. Yes, you get stronger, but there's a neurological adaptation and there's all right. So you do the repetitions. All we're doing is doing the repetitions on the thinking and making decisions. Those are things that life always demands and you're learning how to control your emotions throughout the whole thing. You're learning how to be effective. You're learning how to see patterns more quickly. But we need to have those conversations with our kids. So it's the way that's the way we're designing. Fascinating. And it's never too early to start. So even, we read stories to the kids and we read these ninja books and these ninja books, talk about hard work. They talk about making mistakes. And I'm going to take it up and launch as a parent and begin to ask them, what would you do if you were this hard working ninja? How would you respond to this? I really, I really can appreciate that. What about this idea of, so this is really framed around the conversation of sovereignty, and the way I interpret that is being in control physically and mentally of your body and the direction of your life. Would you agree with? Very much, very much so. And that, by the way, came from Kashmir. I was probably 10, 12 years into working in schools was on the precipice of really getting to the point where I was kind of like, you know what? I've got to do something different, not just for these heroes that I'm serving, these young people. I can't look myself in the mirror anymore, right? And do what I'm doing here because I don't believe I'm perpetuating real growth. And I sure is hell. I'm not going to do this for my own children, right? So I got to that point where it's like, I've got to figure something out. It was right about at that point where I talked to a gentleman, some of the listeners, they know named Seth Gauden. Seth is a brilliant human being in Seth asked me a question that I'd never been asked in all my years in school. He said, what should education be for? And I went, oh my gosh, I've actually never been asked that question, right? I love those questions. I love those questions. And it's so simple. It's so simple. It's like, what should education be for? And so I had to sit and think about like, man, what should it be for? Because that's a wildly personal endeavor. It always is, right? It has to be because it's got to be based on your circle. It's got to be based on your goals. It's got to be based on your life and where you are now and where you want to go. It's got to be based on your inherent abilities and loves and likes and dislikes. It's got to be based on that. Part of the root of education that we're in at Jakarta is to draw out. It's got to draw out something that is unique to you. I'm really good at things that you're really bad at. You're really good at things that I'm really bad at. That's great. That's awesome. Let's celebrate that. So how do we draw out the best and you draw out the best of me and then we go, okay, is there a way for us to work together on these things, right? Like that's how it works. But it's also wildly personal to your scenario. We live on a farm now in North Carolina. I'm a city kid. I'm a city kid from the Bay Area, man. I love it. I love it. My wife, city kid from the Bay Area. She didn't know anything about farms. Now we live for two years. We live the top amount on the farm. We've got a processing facility on site. We're raising animals. We're processing animals. We've got thousands of trees. Tree goes down. Takes out the electric fence. Guess what? I have to be able to self educate on. I got to figure out how to fix some brick and electric fans and get out there in lumberjack. And that's, but I am confident in my ability to learn what I need to learn when I need to learn it. So that's what education is. So Seth asked me that question. He's like, what should education be for? And that's ultimately what I got to is for sovereignty. It is to be able to be the person that I need to be and be the person that I want to be. Those aren't the same. But I need to be able to do both. And I need to be able to do both of those when it needs to happen. And then I gosh, extra level. What if I can help other people do the same thing? What if I can help my kids do the same thing for themselves? What if I can help, right? Then it's now it's leadership too. So yeah, that's what I say sovereignty. That's where that all came from. I mentioned that you were in education for a very long period of time. Was there a moment, because it's unusual. I think many of us don't question the educational system. Was there a moment that you just said, you know, we're doing this wrong? It's a great question. There are many. There were many. But there were specific defining moments, you know, for sure. It was working with a brilliant, brilliant young man. It's about 13, 14 years old, brilliant young man. And we were in kind of a gang, land sort of area of California. He was being raised in a gang. His family parents both in the gang. And he was so brilliant and so cool and so funny. So freaking smart. So freaking capable. Like love this kid. And horrible environment. You know, when he's being taught when he goes home, it's not homework. No, it's you get on. You get on to go start slinging. And I'm pouring into this young man making track and develop a relationship. There was multiple relationships. I'm trying to develop and I'm talking to him about, so I got him in a class. I'm like, do you know what I want you to? I don't have to do homework. I'm not going to send to this homework. Here's what I want to do though. Let's talk about what you're going to talk about. See how you can develop some of these other habits. You're really talented. Here you're really interested in this. What if instead of homework for my class, what if you just want you to go to YouTube as a new thing? It's like, what if you go down this YouTube thing and you start looking up videos around this and what if we start starting to start solving these conversations? And I get brought in and it's like, no, he's got to, you can't give him an A for that he's got to do the homework. He's got to do like everybody else. Like he needs algebra. I'm like, no, he doesn't need out. Like that's not what he needs. That's not what he needs. He needs guidance. He needs mentorship. And then it's like, oh my god, like every single human here, good parents back, they all need that. But the system is not designed for that. It is a one size fits all. So then I start going, okay, well, what a doctor would be like, hey, by the way, when you're five, I need you to take this medication and that's everybody across the board. When you're six, I want you to take this medication. Everybody across the board. It's what? Nobody would do that. And by the way, you're allowed to go to the grocery store. You can only go to six aisles and you got to go to the same six aisles and that's it. That's all you can pull standard across the board. What nobody would go for that. But we've been convinced that schooling should look like that. All right. So it was really dealing with him where I started going, okay, how did the system come to be in the first place? And I started diving into the work of guys like Ivan Illich and John Taylor Gato. And I started looking at the history of schooling. And why we brought schooling over here from Prussia and what it was designed to do? It wasn't designed to build thriving humans. Well, it was designed to get obedient. It was designed to get obedient. So it was designed by the Prussian military to get obedient soldiers. That's where school came from. That's where schooling model as we know it was essentially designed for that. With brought over here by the industrialists who then went, okay, well, this, we can take advantage of this. We went a nation of workers for our factories. So Rockefeller poured in what was the equivalent of about $1.3 billion at the time. He said, I want a nation of workers, not a nation of thinkers. They said, what are you going to teach the kids then? He says, I'm going to teach him much about nothing. Basically, I'm going to waste their time for all of these years. I'm going to keep them out of, you know, out of work. I'm going to pull them out. People think it was like a child labor law thing like it was in each like, oh my god, all these factories and the kids were to, no, the kids, kids want to work. They want to get at it. What was happening is they're going in and they're wanting to innovate and they're wanting to change things and they want us to like, no, let's get them out of here. Let's go make them docile for, you know, for these 12 years and get them in the habit of just listening to what we want them to do. Like Pavlov's dog, ring a bell. You know, here we go. So I started seeing that. I'm like, okay, cool, why can't perpetuate this? All right, I can't do that. So that was one of the moments. But I naively went from public to private because private doesn't have to follow the same state guidelines. So I went, okay, they're probably going to do things differently wrong, right? They're afraid of upsetting the apple cart. So they're going to design their system to be the exact same. It's going to look exactly the same. Most private schools look just like the public schools. They're afraid to do something different. Everybody expects that, but they just, they expect it to look the same, but they expect, you know, the demographic to be different or the people to be better or, you know, the academia to be more rigorous because they've been trained to believe that's what they want. So go over to private schools. I'm like, okay, this is I'm struggling here too. So the next moment was after a few years running these private schools was sitting in my car at the end of a work day, reading Seth Goadins, stop stealing dreams. It just confirmed everything I already knew, but it gave me the kind of the the Kahone's to go, all right, my oldest is about ready for school age. I just, I can't. And I won't. So the next day I went back into the office. I said, hey, I'm going to finish out this year and then I'm done. I have to go create something else. I got, I don't know how I'm going to do that, but I got to go create something that my kids can go to. I have to. Because you wanted to build a world of thinkers, not worker. Have to have to. Like have to. Can't look at myself in the mirror if I'm not trying. We've got a family contract in our house. It's a, it's the Baudro family rules, right? And what it is is something that we can all hold each other accountable to. One of those rules is no complaining fix it. If it is something worth pointing a finger at and going, hey, somebody should, something needs to change. Somebody should do that. Somebody should, then it's your responsibility to do it. Otherwise, shosh, otherwise, be quiet. And this was something that I was able to complain about, I had nausea. So I needed to do something else. Thank you to Mudwater for sponsoring this episode of the show. Mudwater has come and swooped in to replace my afternoon coffee. And I'm so grateful it did. Mudwater is a healthy alternative to coffee. And it tastes incredible. It has this kind of chai kakau flavor. It's essentially hot chocolate for adults with a hint of caffeine. No jitters. It also has corgisept mushrooms in it. This helps promote natural energy. It has chaga and rishi. Which has been shown to help support a healthy immune system. Non GMO gluten free USDA certified organic. It is an amazing product. If you want to replace your afternoon coffee and do I dare say, if you wanted to replace your morning coffee, this is a delicious way to do it. You can try Mudwater now for 29 bucks. That's less than a dollar a cup a day when you go to mudwater.com. That's mudwtr.com slash doctor lion. I was going to ask you, should one of my questions here on as I was thinking about this, should we have a family ethos? And I want to know about how we develop and what we're being example of a family ethos versus family rules. For example, in our little family, it's always be respectful to mommy and daddy. You always tell the truth. They're very basic. No hitting, no grabbing things. There are no secrets. We have certain, you know, we just have a handful of things, which ultimately I believe will evolve to. I'm getting on my picture right now. Sorry, you keep going. I'm getting out. Yes, ultimately will be to, and by the way, I can see it because I have special magic eye drops right around for this. That is that obviously they have to be age appropriate so my kids can understand it. But our idea is how do we build in a family ethos that then continues to evolve with the family and what age and how does it look as it in ethos versus family rules? Is this something that is repeated every day? This is what we do before we sit down for dinner. What are some ways that we can be very effective to get the end result, which is confident, capable children, and also in even ourselves, becoming more structured and disciplined as human? So good, man, does all the right questions? So our family ethos, our family rules, it's one of the same. That's it is the thing that we call the family rules because it looks cool on a plaque right? And so I'm just showing someone to go through and actually show you what we have there. We're going to be getting this on. But that in today. We're going to put it in there. That is it is hanging on the wall in our house in the most prominent area so that we all see it. Let me just read a pop up. I'll have to hear a couple. So it's 11 rules. So it's be honest. And that starts with yourself. So everything's got a little bit of a caveat in there. So be honest, starting with yourself, which means we're not going to lie to each other ever. We're not going to lie to anybody else. And most importantly, we're not going to lie to ourselves. So it's a not a disulfurverness. So being honest, be a copycat. And what that means is you've got people who are doing things you want to do. They are impacting the world in ways that you want to impact the world. So what are their patterns of success? You never want to be anybody else. You don't want to try to be anybody else. But you can look to amazing people and go, OK, what is it about what they're doing that really resonates with me and why and how do I implement that in my own life? So being a copycat, being an emotional ninja, emotions are great. They're, they're indicators that something else needs to happen. So we want to acknowledge them. We want to accept them. But then we want to go, OK, what is it trying to tell me and how do I go for it? How do I not be controlled by them? So being an emotional ninja, be the hardest worker in the room, be the kindest person in the room, no complaining fix it. Think because most people won't discipline equals freedom. Thank you, Jaco. Momento Mori. I mean, remember that you are this right-ends, like remember death. It's not a fascination with death. It's an obsession with life with actually living. Remember, you are one day closer today to being done. So let's make today count. You are personally responsible, meaning it is your job to do what needs to be done. And doing the right thing is always the right thing. So those are the 11 in our house. Those were the generated from a conversation, my wife and I and our two little girls, our young man was, I think he's only one at the time. We didn't have any input on it. But if you're in person, you're right. Yeah, it would be 100%. But we sat down, had a conversation and go, hey, how do we want to show up in a world? What does a good person look like? And kids, well, they know, oh, you got to be nice to people. Okay, cool. What does that mean? What does that actually look like? So we have this conversation. We get a general idea of what we want to put on there. And we're allowed to make that, you know, valuable. We're allowed to make that something that can continuously adapt over time. That's fine. It's not something that's like set in stone. It's not the 10 commandments. It's this is how we believe we should show up and look at the world. So we put that. We put that up. We have the definitions for us as a family. What does that mean? How does that actually look? But the important thing is one that you revisit it. So that is a weekly conversation. It is a weekly family meeting for us, right? Just weekly meeting of just going, hey, how are we doing? How are we showing up on these? Are we doing the things we say we want to do? Or we're showing up the way that we say we want to show up. We have those meetings. Is there any one of those that we need to focus on more this week that we're missing? I like that it's weekly as opposed to the pressure of daily. Yep. I think that's a great idea. And it's just a quick check-in, too, right? Because they all know what everything is. So it's just a quick check-in. It's all of that. But where it gets to be really, really powerful. Mom and Dad can hold each other accountable to these. Mom and Dad can hold the kids accountable. Kids can hold each other accountable. Where it's really powerful is when the kids hold the parents accountable. When my son goes, Dad, you kind of sound like you're complaining on something right now. Do you have a solution? And he says it respectfully. And then I go, hmm, you're right. Okay, let me see. Do I want to put a solution to this? Or do I want to just be quiet? And he knows that our relationship and trust what Dad says. He knows that what we have there in this family value, that it, like, they mean it. That's real. That's really how we got to show up. And they watch Mom and Dad show up like that in the world. So that is how they decide to show up. Because again, they'll do what you do before they do what you say. So are you the people you want them to be? Fear does discipline come in. I think that discipline is very controversial, whether it's yelling, speaking, etc. Where does discipline play a role in all of this early on? And then as they become young and young girls. So we reframe the word. People ask me all the time and they mean my kids, how do you discipline them? Oh my gosh, they're so well, like they're so well behaved, right? But they're also, they can have conversations and they're articulate and they're clearly very comfortable in any scenario and clearly very comfortable around adults and they're comfortable leading and they're like, how did you discipline them? And what they're asking is, did you yell at them? Did you not yell at them? Did you do the thing where it's like, okay honey, anything you want, right? And just like the whole LAZA fair, like did you where you super like stripped a Thor technically? What did you do? What did you do? None of that. We taught them to be discipline humans. That's a different thing. You don't have to discipline them. You teach them how to be disciplined by being disciplined. So what does that look like in our house? It's all of those family values. But it is always pointing toward, it's not compromising. Like we point towards the ideal. We talk about how to handle a certain scenario. What is the right thing to do? And anytime we see them doing the right thing, we go over and above, especially foundation of those first five years, like overboard going, yes, like we praise them inspirationally. So my son, you know, we go outside, we got, and taking care of animals. And he goes over and he pulls the gate back and lets his sisters and his mom go first, right? Dude, I will not miss a time. I will not miss a time. When I see him doing that, you are a good man. That is what a good man does. Like that's like I will make sure he knows that's the thing. So what happens now? Anytime we go anywhere, my son is notorious for he will, if they're, he will hold the door open for everybody, especially if it's women or girls or children. He won't miss it. And every time, I'm like, I literally, my good, he doesn't, I bow to him with his tone. Thank you. I'm like dude, that's it. Like that's the man, right there, right? I will praise him, especially anytime they go up and they're just like, hey, here, my name is, you know, so nice to meet you, took a design. That's it. That's how that's how a leader acts, right? That's how a leader acts, right? They're exactly what you just did to keep doing that. Right. So we set the standard, we praise them, inspirationally every time they hit it, especially for those first five years. And then again, five to eight is kind of the next developmental range. And you give them a little extra responsibility, praise it, praise it, praise it. When they miss the mark, because they will. Especially for example, within that three to five, what do you do in there? Cause they are off the rails. But they don't have to be off the rails in every scenario, right? Oh, my kid, my three-year-old is, when he was, are my eight-year-old when he was three, did he was a, he is your stereotypical, like, dude, is wants to be in a tree or fighting something? Yes. Like, let's fight a great man. Let's do it. But all day long until it's time to not. We have this weird thing where it's like we can't. But they just want to, cool. But they also are really smart beings and they will understand when you say, hey, that's awesome. Like, I want you to be able to do this. Here's what we don't do. When we go into a restaurant, this is how we behave. Watch this. Let's make a game out of this. Watch daddy. I'm learning so much. You just, you're in tension. And they will just gravitate towards it. I love one of the things Jordan Peterson talks about. He says, your job up until there are five years old is to make him somebody worth being around because if you make it to where nobody wants to be around them, you're actually setting him up for failure. Nobody wants them to be around anymore. That sucks. They're going to treat them differently. They're not going to invite them to things. They're not going to have as many opportunities to grow as a human. So manners still matter. I want my young man to be a whey. He's out of American top team. Now training a couple days a week. He's doing ninja warrior like he's out of my wife's. Send me a picture this morning. And he's way up in this fricking tree in the pasture. He's doing all the things that a young man should be able to have the opportunity to do. But somebody comes over to the house. He knows he goes over. He shakes her hand. I am loud and nice to meet you because that's the right thing. He doesn't have to know why yet. He doesn't have to yet. He just needs to know that that's what we do. And basically, it's continued to praise the good. Put boundaries on the bad. Put boundaries on the bad. And when they are throwing and I understand that this is. A very specific question. But I also think that a translator needs to us as adults. When they are absolutely throwing a fit about not being able to. Have candy in the morning. For example, this happened this morning. And I just said, you know what? I, yeah, that's really upsetting that you can't have it. But here's when you can't. When you can't have it, you can have it this afternoon. And you know, they just fall on meltdown. But they have to be able to learn how to control their emotion in that. 100% in that way. 100% to do. And we'll speak them very like, we have this weird thing that kids are. This this concept in our minds that kids are like they're learning to be people. They're people. They just, they just got less experience than we do, right? Does people experience? So we can talk to them and say, you know what, you're kind of throwing a temper tantrum. You know, ever see mom and dad do this. And I'm not going to honor that. We have a, you know, in our house, there's freedoms, but freedoms come with responsibility. There's responsibility first. Right now, the responsibility you're taking on is throwing a temper tantrum. There's no reward on the other end of that. So you can do that all you want. But I want you to understand what you're throwing a temper tantrum for. You're automatically not going to get it now because there's a temper tantrum. If you would come up and ask me calmly, then we can have a discussion about it. Right? I promise if you have those conversations a few times and you're consistent with your message, sometimes they get the temper tantrum and they get what they want, sometimes the temper tantrum doesn't get what they want. They're going to test you. They're going to test you. Like, which one do you actually mean mom and dad? Yeah. Because you're not, you're not being consistent. If you're consistent on it, it won't take more than a couple and they won't throw temper tantrums anymore, assuming factory settings are still solid. So they're able to get out and get exercise. They're able to be fit like they're not getting fed a bunch of garbage. They're not sitting down and looking at screens all day and they're not doing all these things that make it squirrely, you do all those things. You're going to have more temper tantrums. And how would that translate to an adult who has already raised themselves and they don't have children, but they want to get back to some of their factory settings. Hmm. That's a really good, well, a lot of your work that you do is around that. Right? I mean, a lot of that. But it's harder to get an adult to do it. I mean, that's really the issue here is one of my favorite quotes, Frederick Douglas said, it is easier to build strong children than fixed broken men. It is, I love that. It is easier to build strong children. Fixed broken men. And that's, and of course, that applies to men and women. It is that those are the habits that you have developed for the long, you know, the long haul. So it is really getting to where you're building new habits. It's essentially a neural, an entire neurological reprogramming that we have to, and this is what we're doing with our men and our women. Does the physical come first in the physical or the mental? We do it simultaneously. We really do. And I've seen it work both ways where, you know, somebody really does into the mental and that goes, okay. So the mental, I get it now. So now I'm going to tackle the physical because I was too scared to do it. I've also seen it work the other way, where somebody is like, okay, the physical is giving me the confidence and the clarity to go ahead and go mental. You know, a lot of our good friends in this space, you know, are very much around like, hey, fitness is the gateway drug to the mental side. And I've definitely seen that be the case. But I have seen it be the case where people go, okay, let me actually start to redefine. What we said earlier, right, soccer, T says the beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms. We have our men and women define what it looks like to show up as the husband or the wife or the person at work or the mom or the dad or the person at the gym. Like, who do you actually show up as? What is that ideal person? Played ahead this concept of what he called the forms. And it was essentially what is the ideal me look like in each one of these scenarios? Because Matt sitting here talking to Gabby is very, this is, I'm Matt, this is very much me. This is very much 100% me. But it's a different relationship than when I'm 100% showing up as the husband, right? And here, and as the dad and as, you know, if I'm on a stage and speaking to 5,000 people or I'm all of those are me, but they're different versions of me. So we define those ideals and go, what does that person do? How does that person speak? How does that person dress? How does that person act? How does that person treat other people? How does that person think? Like let's define, doesn't mean you're doing it yet. It just means let's define that. Right? Who are the other people? This person follows to get the patterns of how to, but we start to neurologically reprogram. And then we start to go, okay. And now what are the habits around that? Like what does that look like? What does the schedule look like around that? Bad habits don't go away just because you want them to go away. They actually have to be replaced. They don't? Yeah, right? Yeah. So you actually have to replace it with something better. You have to replace it with something that moves you forward. So we're walking our men and women through that to get them back to those factories. That must be very, very rewarding. Very much so. It's also frustrating is how when they don't do it. Right? Like when you see somebody that you're like, oh my gosh, I see who you are and I see who you can be. Like I, oh my, if you would just believe in yourself as much as we believe in you, oh my gosh, you've got all the tools you've got it right here. But they get sucked back into the old version. They get sucked, that's frustrating as well. Yeah. And I have a sense of what I think your answer is going to be. But I, you know, I have concerns about the young women. There's certain things that I swear I feel like as if they make bad choices. And again, I don't know if this is a developmental thing where it seems as if young women and I say young women because again, I'm a physician. I see behind the scenes on, it is a privilege. It is a privilege to see behind the scenes on the inner workshings of people and families. And it seems as if young women struggle with this self-worth. And when they struggle with this self-worth, it leads them vulnerable to exploitation, physical, sexual exploitation. And especially now with Twitter, Instagram, the social media, a lot more predators. And also bad young relationships or even physical assault. I mean, there's, is there number one, is this an age type of thing that maybe when young women hit their teenage years or to through their 20s that they, it's a natural thing to question worth or is this something that we can address? And if there is a young woman or even adult listening, can they go back and, in a draw sought? Yeah, that's a really good question. It's an important question. It's an, it's a yes and as far as the answer. Is it normal to start to, it is, it's normal to be able to, and that's not even just a young woman thing, but it very much, very much a dominant mental state as they get into kind of the 12, 13 year old range, because there's an extra level of brain jump. We talk about like the, uh, brain is not fully developed until you're 25, right? Like we talk about that all, and yes, true, very much so. But there's a huge brain jump that happens at eight and that one happens at 12. And the one that happens at around 16, right? And so that's kind of blanket statement, but it's roughly right around that time. So, um, young ladies, you get throttled at 12 or 13, because your brain jumps. You can start to now see patterns more clearly. You can start to think more, uh, in an abstract fashion. You can start to answer the kind of the wood ifs, like it starts to actually make more sense. You start questioning the world around. You start questioning where you fit in that plate right? You start having all those questions. So the brain jump happens and then oh, hey, by the way, here's a rush of hormones, too. And now you're going through puberty and now your body's changing and you're like, what? The, who is going to light? So you just turn into this hot, hot mess of a human. So how important is it that we make sure that they've got relationships that have been established if we can. We'll talk about how to go backwards as well. Some of the, some of the things that I've heard quite a bit as like, oh, just wait, man, you got a teenager. Right? Just wait. What are you going to do when she's a teenager? What am I going to do? I'm going to make sure that the first 12 years of her life I have been extraordinarily impactful and have been extraordinarily close to her so that she knows. So guess what happened when she turned 13? Nothing. Right? It was like waiting on edge of my team. Not to have me. Nothing different. Nothing because we have a great relationship because it's always open because you know, when she started her, when she just started her cycle and it was like, oh, hey, by the way, yeah, this started. Um, we're like, all right, cool, man, what do you need? You know, whatever. And just like, yeah, you know, I'm good. I understand, you know that. And it was just like, all right, cool. It was like she was saying I'm going to make a sandwich. Like it was like, because we have that relationship established already. And we make sure that it's attractive to grit older. We've made it very unattractive to be an adult because why? Well, adults seem like they're miserable. They seem like they hate their life. They seem like they hate their job. They seem like they're always arguing with somebody over something. They seem like they're always pointing the finger over here and going, oh, this sucks this sucks. This sucks. We have made it very unattractive for them to want to grow and be adults. And so then they're like, oh, that sounds awful. And then I look over here, the news and the news is saying that the whole world sucks. And then I get on social media and that's giving me a false sense of, of, you know, what somebody does to get value and I'm going to get to like, so we're we're overloading them with all this garbage. Right. So we make it attractive to be an adult, meaning my wife is a really freaking awesome human. And the people that we bring into our lives that come over to our house, that we will engage with, that we will point, you know, our finger too is as as my daughter's inner voice stops just being mom and dad's voice. And she's now developmentally inherently looking and going, what other voices are out there, we go, hey, look, here's some other great voices. Here's some other people listen to. Here's a great book to read. Here's a great right. We've got that established so she's seeing examples of other people, but there are examples that fall in line with that family ethos. We're making it attractive to grow. It's we're making it okay to question. We're making it okay to change. We're making all of that available to her. We're being very specific and we're keeping the distractions away. She's not at a conveyor belt school where she's got the influence of a bunch of other people who I, I don't know where that and that's not sheltering, by the way. That is taking control, taking control during those developmental years, that are really strong foundations of it. She becomes a woman who then can see evil when evil is presented or something ridiculous when it's presented. Right. We're giving her that foundation. So she's not exposed to that. She doesn't have social mediation. She's not going to have social media. You do that as soon as you want your kids childhood to end. That's not happening for us. It's all those things. I absolutely agree with you. This is certainly such an enlightening conversation. The world needs more of you. I have so much respect for what you and some of your teammates are doing just extraordinarily high amount of respect. Thank you for that. And I want there's a whole lot of really good humans out there. Right. And there's a whole lot. So when you're doing you're talking about this, this changes, this changes family bloodlines right here. I'm understanding how this is a little. This is a little. This is right with the health. This is part of educating the population too. And all we're doing is teaming up with people, all the people that are coming to us. And they're now launching campuses in their community. They're teaming with us on this. All the guests mentors that show up. They're teaming with us on this. There are so many of the media will tell you otherwise. But the reality is you look around there are so many amazing humans who want to perpetuate this solid message for the next generation. And we're working together. Do it. We just need to put a highlight on more of them. And well, we're doing it. We're doing it. Thank you to Inside Tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. I will never be done talking about the importance of understanding your blood work and knowing your own biomarkers. This is an necessity. An inside Tracker makes it so easy to do. We all know that we face different insults in our own life. Whether we are up to late or we are exposed to foods that might be less than ideal, there are many reasons as to why people age differently. It is your responsibility to know how you are doing that. And that is why I love inside Tracker. You can go to their website. They make it super easy. There's a whole bunch of different programs that you can purchase to look at biomarkers. It also analyzes your blood DNA, fitness tracking data. You can get it directly. There are markers like ApoB and a full CBC blood count and insulin and thyroid. You name it. If it's meaningful, they have it. Go to InsideTracker.com slash Dr. Lion. You'll get 20% off, which is very generous. That's InsideTracker.com slash Dr. Lion. What are some of the physical necessities that every family should be able to do for just what are the capacities? For example, should everyone be able to defend themselves? Should what are the things that we have to think about? You know, I in my spare time, I love weapons. And I've really struggled with. Is that something private? Do I share that with people? Do I not? And I came to this conclusion that the more open and transparent that I can be, the better it's going to be for the people that are even interested in what I have to say. And I'll tell you exactly why I do that. I love weapons training. Number one, yes, it's fun, but number two, I find it in necessity. I need to be able to protect my family. Even though I'm married to a stud seal, I want to be able to depend on myself should this situation ever arise. And my children should be able to know if there is an emergency, we have a game plan, we have a code word, we practice, we know how we're getting out of the house, how we're getting in the car, how should a situation arise? These are physical skills, how long is it going to take us to get out of the house or into the car, etc. And by the way, I got criticized for saying the word et cetera. You guys are jerks. But totally out of the house. What should we as parents as adults? And the level to which our children should be between, what should physically we be capable of doing? That's a really good. It's a really good question. And there's the physical side and there's just all this. What we're talking about is these meta skills in general. So we emphasize meta skills on all of our programs, on all of our campuses, and meta skill being something that always matters and always will, essentially. So when I ask people, what is that? Why isn't school addressing that? Two, I'm like, okay, really? So 2040, this is 2024, we're talking right now, right? So in 2040, what is the job that's in highest demand? I don't know. Of course you don't. There's no way to know that. I don't know either. So what will matter? Well, their physical health is going to matter. Their ability to take care of their own physical health to understand their physiology, to understand how to gain muscle mass and understand how to get lean if they need to understand how to avoid illness and understand how to take care of injuries and understand like all of those things are always going to matter. So that's going to matter. How about taking care of somebody else who gets injured and you know, emergency preparedness. So they need to understand what that looks like, how about defending themselves? You bet. Take it to step forward. If we're really talking sovereignty, it's not everybody just go to the grocery store to get food. What happens if grocery or such now? What happens if 2020 happens all over again and store shut down? And now you've got to figure out how to grow some food for yourself. Do you know how to do that? What if a grid shuts down and you no longer have, I think Tim said something the other day where it's like an estimated power was to be eradicated from the United States within one year, 90% of the population would be dead. Okay. So not in a fear-based mentality, but what if that happens? Are you good? Can you survive? Can you grow your own food? No, we can definitely not grow my own food. We'll just get off there and keep my hands on a line. So like that. So let's talk about like should we be able to do that? Should we be able to grow and harvest our own food? Should we be able to live without some of the modern common comforts? Will we be able to live without electricity? Should we live without having cell service? Can we live without being able to have transportation somewhere? Can we live without communication? Without can we do all those things? I think those are important questions to ask and it's not that, oh my gosh, if I can't do that, you're going to die in the next year. But no, but how prepared are you for any given scenario? That's education. By the way, even if okay, grid doesn't go down and everything's going well there, but all of a sudden, everybody realizes that the Fed has been screwing us this entire time and money goes away and now it's a digital, you know, sort of cool, cool. What are you going to do with that? How prepared are you that? Do you understand how money works? Are you actually protected? Are you just going, I don't know. It's told to just go to work for 30 years. Throw things in a 401k. Okay, cool. How about the market crashes? What are you going to do? Every single bit of this, it's going to go beyond just physical. This is just preparedness in general. In general. In general. And again, then can on the physical side, can you maintain health? Can you protect yourself if somebody attacked, you know, was to come to attack you or try to take your stuff like all of those things. And to be clear, you believe it matters. Always. And this should be something that we should be educated on. 100% we have to educate our selves on that and bring our families through that. It's our moral. It's not even the sounds cool. It's our moral obligation. It's our moral obligation if we're taking care of our young people to the best of our ability to give them a sovereign as a scenario as humanly possible. And again, you can extend the outside of the physical, which you should be able to understand how to generate income. Like, what does it mean to build a, you're just relying on somebody else. All right, how many people got stuck in a bad situation when they're like, ah, gosh, I really don't want to take the jab, but I'm being forced to, if I don't do it, I'm going to lose my job, you're not sovereign because somebody can take it away from you. With your help, people are going to be able to be capable in our next generation is going to be better. And I want to circle back to the program, the apathy. I want to talk about what that word means. And very specifically, the kinds of children entering the program is this available to everybody. Do they share characteristics or demographics? Are there trends? Again, I know that that was a lot of questions. A lot of great questions. So, apathy means the highest point or the culmination of something. So, we take it, like, you're climbing a mountain, you know, getting to the top of that and you're getting to the apathy of that mountain. And it's not to mean that you've arrived because once you get there, then what's, you know, your viewpoint is now there's a bunch of other mountains to climb. Right? And so, but the apathy is getting to the highest point of something. Like I said, perfection is not possible. And we always say this in our organization, perfection is not possible, but it remains the standard. Right? We can always work towards it. Not possible, but it remains the standard. There's always growth. So, you can always continue to move closer and closer and closer to the apathy of any of these meta skills that we're talking about. So, within the program, we tend to have people who, and this is people who are like the young men are usually being signed up obviously by their parents. You know, the men, the women we tend to have people who lean towards an understanding of personal responsibility matters. They're leaning into this idea of, I don't want the government to have to take care of me on everything. I don't want to live 30 years in a cubicle. I don't want to have that pen that maybe I gave away or maybe I didn't even know I gave away. I don't want somebody else writing my story for the rest of my life. They tend to have that general belief. And that tends to, you know, people want to make everything political and it tends to be on it. More of a, quote unquote, conservative side, I guess, but we have people from all backgrounds. We have conservatives. We have people who are, you know, people on the right. We have people on the left. We have people who are very much down the center. When it comes to politics, we have people who come from faith-based homes. We have people who come from non-faith based homes. We have people like we see the full game. We have, you know, special operators. We have Olympic athletes. We have guys who are working three jobs in trades just to make the end of the meet. We've got literally, you know, everything in between. But that's what it comes down to is we have a shared code, a shared set of values. It's really that like Bashito code of honor and loyalty and commitment and politeness and, you know, live in towards a purpose. And like that is what we all agree on. And then everything else is a general roadmap to see where are we sovereign, where are we not, where do we still have room to grow, where do we not, like that's the whole thing. Now accessibility is something that we're really, really focused on. So the programs themselves from the virtual standpoint are stupidly wildly affordable on purpose. We've had a number of people be like, hey, that's dumb. Like you should actually make that more special. For like what you're doing, you're actually going to kill. So we get that. But again, we're playing this longer-tail game and we're wanting to go wide, especially with all these campuses. We're going to have live events in every state to kick off all of these campuses launching and we want to get, you know, 500 campuses just here in the US alone. But we want to make it accessible to downside to any sort of privatized educational endeavor that somebody's got to pay for it. Right. Right. That's a downside. So then, here at Lay Limit, some people who don't come from a background of being able to pay for that. We want to eradicate that. So we're working on building essentially an endowment that can make this accessible to anybody as long as they agree to that code of conduct, as long as they agree to be a good human being. As long as we can agree around that basic standard of like work, we're going to tell the truth. We're going to, you know, work hard. We're going to treat each other well. We're going to go try to serve other human beings. We're going to be honorable. We're going to be committed. Commitment is a word that just gets thrown around right now. Right. No, committed. I'm going to do the things I say I'm going to do. I'm going to say what I mean, I'm going to mean what I say. You find those people we want it to be accessible. So we've got two different foundations that people can donate to. And one of those foundations is a public facing charity where we can start to take a look at state grants, you know, school choice money, things like that. And we're open to that as long as it doesn't go, you know, we don't have to bend the knee to a specific politician or to a specific state standards are required like not going to play that game. But we want to be able to do that important to our campuses and into our families and the communities. And then we have a private foundation, 100% of that money that comes in goes right back out. People can donate directly to it. But one of the ways that we have created that I think is going to be the most effective thing that no other school system is doing is we created a payment processing system. Now, part of this was because stripe how will our money stripe actually in a live event that B and I did stripe was like, no, we don't like that you guys are doing this around men. They shut it down, gave back like a hundred thousand dollars worth of ticket sales without telling us like, wow, we've had issues. That's an it's unfortunate because the conversation that we're having right now is not a political conversation at all. This is about a strong foundation for human beings. It is this is not are you conservative. Are you liberal? Are you on the right or the left? This is about raising and being capable humans who want to serve humanity. We go, but we were targeted on that. So we went, okay, well, one of the rules was rule number six, no complaining fix it. So we're like, okay, what are we going to do? So we created our own payment processing system. We actually work with an organization that's been doing it for like 12 13 years. We created Apigy Pays. Apigy Pays allows any business that uses stripe or PayPal or has a point of sale or whatever we go in, we can match the exactly what they're doing now, match the rate, whatever that looks like now. And set of us making money on the margin like Striper PayPal does. That money goes directly into the Apigy Strong Foundation. So just by doing business like you've always done business, you are helping us to make this accessible to everybody. And as people are listening to this and they're probably thinking, what is the difference in the structure of the education? For example, when when I heard about this, I think I contacted you. I actually think that that's how we were first connected again. We have many, many new friends. I remember how we got connected by that. I was so interested in we were moving to Houston and I think I message you and I said, is there an Apigy School in Houston for the children? And it's not at a place where it is available yet a campus yet that I know of. I know that they're coming, but the question is, are they going to learn foundational things like mathematics or music? What are the things that they're going to learn in the curriculum? And what are the things that you feel again having been an education for two decades that you think are critical to understanding and development? That's the best question right there, right? So what are the things that are critical? What are the things that do need to be there? Because what'll happen is everybody has their idea of what they want their kids to learn based on their own perspective. I want my every kid needs to learn music. And then some families are like, no, not every kid needs to learn music. Some people, every, you know, I want my child to learn to take apart a freaking rocket ship and I want my child to be able to perform surgery and I want my child to have somebody has their various, their bent and there's no way any educational institution can do all things for all people at all times. So it is how do you structure it so that you have what we're talking about here, a capable individual who has self-confidence and self-awareness right now is building these fundamental, this fundamental foundation, they're rooted to those factory settings and then as the world continues to change as they go forward, they are aware enough confident enough capable enough to adapt along with it. They can learn what they want to learn when they need to learn it and they can unlearn something that's no longer relevant. They can't, it's like, that's what we're doing is building that foundation. So on our campuses, which by the way, I'm, um, Tomble is the closest one to you. How far is that? 24 24? I don't know. I think, and within an hour probably, but 2025, I'm Woodlands area, um, huge, like we've got people that are applying on this area too. So I, that'll, it'll be here. You'll soon arrive on the next day. Yes, man. Dang right. So, um, from a foundational aspect on our campuses, we've got a few buckets. We don't, school says life works in subjects. Obviously, that's not true. So we have, we have buckets. So one is that physical education bucket. Yes, physical fitness, health, fitness matters. So depending on our affiliate. So again, these are independently owned and operated. Some of our affiliates own cross victims. I was just wondering, are they going to learn to get you? Are affiliates own cross videos? Some of our affiliates. So it's a yes and physical fitness on the daily. Might be calisthenics. Might be kid boxing. Might be jujitsu. Might be cross fit style work. It doesn't Yes, physical fitness matters. Not freaking dodge ball. It's not let's sign your kid out. So they don't have to actually work. No, we want them to actually be physically active. That's something that's a non-negotiable on campus. Another non-negotiable is what we're talking about earlier, like the Socratic Method. So having Socratic Conversations. So having daily Socratic Conversations speech debate, logic rhetoric, those things matter, understanding how to think logically, actually giving them the building blocks of what thinking looks like. Which is super cool. And also many adults don't know how to do that. They absolutely don't know how to do that, right? Nor can they engage in civil discourse, which is a part of that too, right? At the end of the day, you and I will agree on much. At some point we could find something we disagree on. And it's the way in which you handle the disagreement. How do you handle that disagreement? Right? I'm okay with the fact that Gabby is going to disagree with me on something. I would love to hear your evidence. I'd love to share mine. Maybe I changed my mind. Maybe you change yours. Maybe neither one of us changes. We still go forward and go cool. We're still friends. Let's go to the light. Like that's a thing that you can do. And not be emotionally wrapped up in all this kind of stuff. Which is all we see online. That's all we see online. And by the way, that's always seen a lot of times in person with certain people. I mean, that's unfortunate because that's where we've gotten to, right? So understanding that understanding logical fallacies, how to actually articulate and communicate your ideas matter. So that's it's own specific bucket. It's kind of that critical thinking bucket and daily exercise around that. The academics are a part of that. Academics are great. But academics are put on a pedestal as if all people need all these things that the exact same, it's again, probably ridiculous. But the academics matter. We're just not going to have somebody sit there and lecture everybody. We're not going to pretend that everybody needs algebra at 12. So you have academic options. Sure, if you want to use a textbook, great. Most people, when does the last time you use a textbook? Oh, it's not. So I'm the wrong person out. Yeah, that's a good point. You're because you're an academia. You're how's going to be the same thing? Yes, I can. The vast majority of people, how often do they use a textbook? In fact, I just purchased a new one. No. All the exercise. Exactly. Exercise, metabolism, it's absolutely awesome. Yeah. But very few people will do that, right? When I say that, though, I do question everything in the textbook. I get the textbook. You've been taught to do that. Which is great. That's what you should be doing. But I use a textbook. The textbook is not gospel, because I need to understand the holes in the thing. I should be able to. I'm not blinded. I should be able to deal with every source for everything, right? So, but if people want to use textbook school, we can use textbooks. There's also, you know, when you're talking about the basic academia that kids go through in schools, right? Salcons, then a great job in chronic academy. It's freaking free. It's free. It's free. It's free. It's three times the amount of work that you will do in any conveyor belt school to earn your way through to another level. Three times the amount. I know Sal personally and it is the conicats. The online learning I've watched. I've watched all. That's all there. There's a number of the synthesis. When what Elon's developed with synthesis is pretty legit for math and actually incorporates critical thinking in math. It's great. There's the traditional academia. It has its place. There's its own bucket. That's great. How about collaborating around projects that actually matter? Taking on a real-world project. This year we've got seven sessions in our school years, each session is four to six weeks. There's always a themed project. This is where we're exposing them to all kinds of things in a real-world fashion and we're allowing them to collaborate to create something not just consume. Schools all about consuming. Education means you learn through creating. You actually have an experience of doing something. They're going to create a Renaissance fair based on this entire concept of what does it mean to live by a code? What is the history of looking at how to culture's develop a code? How to families develop a code? What does that mean to incorporate that? So they're going through an entire project based experience and then they're putting on a Renaissance fair for their community to talk about the history of building on a code and what is the code they want for their campus? They're going into like a CEO of my own life where they're talking about time and energy management. They're figuring out how to structure schedules and goals. That's also when we're going to put in a campus economy during that session as well. So that there's, hey, you do a job, you get paid for the job. You do a harder job. Maybe you get more money for the job. You want to try to fit like actually weren't learning how money works. We have an internal economy that they're going to take on. The next one is health as wealth diving into human physiology and understanding breath work and understanding what nutrition actually means. What it looks like, how do you actually cook real healthy food? We want to eventually get our chefs on campus to be kids. One of my campuses, the head chef on campus who's making real food every single day. He went down work with a SNA price, came in. He's responsible every day for cooking all of the meals on campus real food every day. He goes to the store. If figures out a source, it runs the school lunch program. Hires middle school students, that's a su chef. All right. So they're learning how real skills and they're putting out real food every single day. So for our kids, health, nutrition matters. Going into a session on like building shelters and building fires and how to actually grow your own food, going into a shark tank session where you're building out a mock business. You're having to learn what a PNL is, you have an source real materials and you're having to go give a pitch to local investors. Then we have a real business fair. They're actually all starting businesses. Not that everybody should be an entrepreneur, but the entrepreneurial skill set always matters. So they're starting a real business, taking projects and services to the public. Like these are real things that matter. So they have projects around real world scenarios and then massive responsibilities from cleaning campus to taking care of things to internships and apprenticeships and fields. They think they want to work in. Again, as much exposure as humanly possible to all the things that are going to allow them to know who they are and have an idea of where they're going. I don't know about you. I had no clue. Even with my straight days, I knew I was good at meeting girls and I was good at playing sports. That's what I was good at. So then I'm like, guess I'm going to college. Got better at girls, got better at sports. Still got my straight days. And then went, cool. Now what? I don't know. I don't want to play school. I don't know who I am. I don't know what I have to offer the world. Somebody helped me. I was told I get this college degree and jobs are just going to be, you know, coming after me, man. It's not the way it works. No, it's not. Thank you to a first forum for sponsoring this episode of the show as we talk about families and children. I wanted to highlight their M factor kiddos mixed berry multivitamin. They are delicious. I may or may not have tried them myself. Okay, I did. And each gummy has vitamin A and C and D and E and B6 and folate B12 things that growing children need. It's really important that we understand our kids kind of eat a little bit. Whatever they want. And that's why I think it's really important that kids take a multivitamin. First form does a great job. Their M factor kiddos taste amazing. Your kids will like them. They look like gummy bears. Grab yours. Go to firstform.com slash a doctor lion. That's firstform.com. slash doctor lion. What is the ultimate vision? If you were to sum it up in one to two statements, I know your mission statement and I want to hear, what is the dream? How many people are doing this? Are we challenging traditional schooling versus education and who are we producing and in what time range? Yeah, it's a really good question. Tim was just on Sean Ryan's show and I haven't gotten to listen. I got the episode in the queue for the for the flight home and one of the things that I heard him say that he not talked about quite a bit and he says we want to just completely abolish the department of education. I'm all for it. I don't think that's going anywhere anytime soon, but we want to rival it by creating something that is better and still as accessible. It's that foundation that we talked about to make this enough of an endowment process to make these campuses available to anybody who believes this is what education should look like. One of the best things CrossFit did was as they spread, you know, kind of this grass roots organization that spread, they invited community and they invited people to do things a way that wasn't being done. They didn't try to go in and do it inside your big boxes, your bat lesre 24-hour fitness, your gold gems. They didn't necessarily go in there and do it again. I'm saying I love CrossFit. I don't love CrossFit. It's not the point. The point is the model. So they went and they did something that people responded to and people had good results with and what happened was a lot of your big box gems started incorporating CrossFit style classes. For us, conveyor belt schools, public schools, government schools, they're not going away. We know they're not going away. But what if we just make the alternative so well known, so attractive, so just written with stories of transformation that it can't be denied and they have to start going, maybe we'll add some more projects here. Maybe we'll start and they then corporate America starts going, hey, we already have this by the way. We have corporations reaching out going, hey, I heard this young man on the podcast, I heard a mask and questions, how old is he? I'm like, he's 18. Cool. We'll move him. We want him. We'll move him out here to Texas from Florida where he lives. We want him for this job. He's brilliant. He's articulate. He's phenomenal. And I'm like, yeah, here's his digital portfolio of leadership, right? So extraordinary. So extraordinary. We want hundreds of campuses that are educating the entire family. We want mom and dad to learn to be more sovereign. We want mom and dad to learn to be able to start their own foundations to go be able to give in ways that they want to give to get out of the 1040 system, get into a 1041 system. We have more control over their life, more sovereignty, more freedom. We want the young people to grow up, knowing who they are. We want all of them impacting the communities in ways that they want to impact the communities. So we want, you know, really in the next five years, I'm hopeful for for 500 campuses. I'm hopeful for an endowment that makes all of those things accessible to every single person. I don't make it damn dollar on it. And I know Tim feels the same way. I don't care. I want to Apigy to go down as a household name here in the next five years of going, well, this is it's you got school or you have an Apigy campus and pick one. Well done. Well done. Matt Boudro. Got it. Yeah, nailed it. Thank you so much. Thank you for coming on sharing your mission, your wisdom. You are truly a purpose-driven individual. Thank you. It is inspiring and it is necessary. It's more necessary at this moment than any other time. Where can people find you? We will of course link everything. This will go out in the news letters. This will we will make you available and the Apigy school online community available to everyone. Thank you so much. I appreciate that very much. And it says definitely an honor and thank you for being on the same team. And anytime we get a platform to just speak about what we're doing is a blessing. So Apigy Strong APO GE Strong.com is the place to go. That'll link it to a little documentary that's on there. You got all of our programs again designed to stay on the loan or come together. You're able to get a map to where all the campuses are located. There'll be a section to start filling out where you say, hey, I'd like to maybe bring one to my community. So we'll start having conversations. So Apigy Strong.com is the way to go. If you want to look at how your busy, your an entrepreneur, you want to look at how your business can help perpetuate the mission. ApigyPay's.com is the way to go on that Apigy Strong Foundation.org if you want to donate directly all those places are great. But it's an honor for anybody even check it out. And even if they just hear this and have nothing to do with that, but it makes them be more intentional with how they lead in the household and the young people and it's a win, man. Thank you so much, sir. Yeah, thank you.