Did you ever have to go to a dark place to maintain that kind of motivation and focus? I feel like the dark place was all around me. Me being away from the sport and then having to come back into the sport and having to deal with the juggernaut, like you say in bolt, and the media was always like white hat black hatting us because I was his rival. But at the time I came back he was winning by far. No one wanted to challenge him. He was out there just having a great time. Is that why you came back into the sport? I was so inspired. I saw him break the world record in 2008 and people in the sport were like so scared. A lot of sprinters like stop-spending and went into other events or they just didn't compete at all anymore. For me it was different. I looked at that screen and I remember seeing it in a bar and I looked at the screen and I was like I want to raise that guy. And that's what got me really inspired to come back into the sport more. What had you been doing? Take me through a little bit about where your career was at the time and how you decided to come back and you saw him. You were inspired by greatness. I will say that the best of the best individuals are always inspired by greatness. They are not afraid of it. They're not intimidated by it but they're inspired by the greatness of others. You smell it. It's like it's a different energy. Greatness and another person recognized that greatness is like an energy you feel. So watching that I was attracted to that energy and it made me more relentless. I was like I could come back into the sport and I could compete but now I was like I come back into the sport and have a goal. I want to I want to stand shoulder to shoulder with this guy at the start line and I made that happen. So take me to where you had been in your career when you decided to get back in the game. So you started racing professionally. Your first big win was what? Before when I came back into the game? No, before. But the initial part because again you've had a career, you know, 2001 you won gold at the outdoor championships. So my first part of my career was a fairy tale within itself. So I turned pro in 2003. I went to indoor worlds and I won indoor worlds probably like two months after turning real, right? So that's my first gold medal. 2004 is the Olympics. So I made the Olympic team. I win the gold medal there. 2005 is the World Championship year. I win not only one goal but two goals, 200 and the 200. Then 2006 I break the world record in the 100 meters. So it was constantly like like I said I had a list of things I wanted to do. I was checking off the boxes of what I exactly what I wanted to do. But I wanted to achieve and I've really, really sent my attempts of doing so. And I never in and in my self with multiple goals at once, right? So if it was a Olympic year, that's where we focus on. I'm not focusing on breaking the world record and getting the Olympic gold. I wanted to focus on how laser focused on that moment, which was, let's win this Olympic gold. And then we can mature ourselves to go on breaking world record. I mean, that's very insightful. And how old were you then? So 2006. 21. Wow. I believe, yeah. So I was just legal enough to celebrate my win. Isn't that isn't it crazy looking back? It is. At the change in the amount that you've become. Did you have any challenges with that first leg of your career? No, not really. I mean, one thing I saw other athletes in greatness is observant, very observant. The people who possess greatness, they're aware of everything around him. Like Tom Brady, he understands every aspect of defense that he plays against. Usually you think in like all he doesn't just stands his offense. That's all he needs to understand. No, he understands the whole game. It's the same thing for me. I understand the whole game. I know each and every one of my competitors, what their attributes are, what their flaws are, how their season's going, how they're running, what their PR's are, what. So I know that I can be able to eliminate certain variables. So when you go out there and compete against them, I know exactly how I'm going to fare against them. I only get nine seconds. I don't get four quarters. I don't get two halves. I don't get 90 minutes. I get nine seconds to go out there and show the world what I'm made of and go out there and beat seven other of the elite world athletes. So I have to know all the variables that's in play. Did you ever try to get into their head? Could you? I, I, mental warfare. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm getting at. Mental warfare. Because it's not, I can't imagine you guys are all hanging out together. So mental warfare is way different in track of field than other sports. So I'll take you through a mental warfare looks like. So let's just say we have the Olympic trials, right? And mean you're competing against each other. We're the top dogs. So what I'll do is I have a prelimbs, semi-sandfinals, so do you. We probably are not in any, any of the rounds together. We'll see each other at the finals. So what happens is I'll run my prelimbs. I'll try to conserve as much energy as possible, but still dominate that race. So what that look like is I'll get out hard and then I'll command the race halfway through the race. And then as I'm running, I'll look around, make sure no one's beside me and then I'll shut down. And I'll start to like, try to cross the line. That'll show my dominance. That's the mental warfare. So anybody is watching in the warm up area at home or your competitors getting ready to come on to the track too. They see how fast you are and you're holding back. So when you go into the semi-sandfinals, you do the same thing. If I gave 50% in the prelimbs, I'm giving you about 75% in the semi-sandfinals, right? So then I do the same thing. I get out hard, I dominate the race. I might have someone to be able to go against me like at 65 meters and then I dominate them and then I come across the line and then I look at time, I'm running pressed, even those fast time and then I walk off the track, right? Mental warfare. Is that an unspoken? It is. That's very unspoken. It's unspoken. It's very unspoken. That's the way that you get into your competitors head without directly walking out there. Good days are bad days and one of my competitors always told me it's like, I hate to go against you because I can never read you. You always have a poker face on it. If I was fast at that point in time, I was still bad at the same face even if I wasn't ready. You gotta have a poker face. We're all sitting in a room like a room we're sitting now. So imagine five other individuals in this room that get ready to go run and try to beat you. They're looking at you. They're ironing you. They're trying to see if you're sweating too much or if you're looking away or if you like intimidated, like you same will walk back and forth in the room as if he's hosting a party. How you feeling? You good? How's everything going? He'll start trying to have like banter one of the guys to take him out as my mindset. Now you say my set was to relax and have fun. That's where his super power line. Mine was to dial in if they focus day hungry. So he would never would approach me on that matter because he understood what I was. But that's how mental warfare in our sport is. Just like that. You gotta know who you are and you gotta play that game very, very well.