Do you have a position on sleep medications? Things like ambient, lunasta, I understand that certain people are transitor and I know that people need them, but as a sleep scientist, do you have concerns about their utility? This is a great question. And there are many millions of Americans who are using sleep medications. And there is a time and a place for medication. And for some patients, it is a lifeline. If someone is really struggling with sleep, but has been for many years. So the first answer is, talk to your healthcare provider and create a plan that works for you. Some of the research shows that in the longer term, it is advantageous to move onto a behavioral change regime. But what is interesting in a individual's way of the option? And think they might be open to behavioral intervention or medication. The research that pits those two treatments had to had pharmacological intervention and behavior change. Specifically, cognitive behavioral change for better sleep. We refer to this as cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia or CBTI. When we take that treatment and we compare it to pharmacological intervention, those two patients suffer of insomnia and we compare them over time. The behavioral treatment wins out in the short and especially in the longer term. The unfortunate thing is we have a death of sleep providers that can provide this treatment. So that's one of the interesting and exciting applications of artificial intelligence for the future. To think about providing some of these behavioral treatments. I was going to ask you what is your very involved in sleep sleep nationally, sleep globally. Where do you think that the future is going in terms of tracking, improving outcomes, testing? What is on the forefront of sleep? I am really excited about the intersection of some of the new technologies we're seeing and sleep. And specifically in my work, which is behavioral interventions, one of my areas of expertise is designing interventions to nudge and navigate patients and populations towards better sleep. And I am so excited at the idea of developing an avatar that could deliver tailored personalized recommendations. It could help you make sense and act on your information from your wearable device. I mean, how exciting to take the problem, which is a death of sleep providers, and think about sleep interventions at scale. I also think that trend towards sleep tracking is incredibly exciting. These devices are increasingly relied upon by many millions of Americans. We published data in 2019 to show that one and three Americans were tracking their sleep with some sort of wearable technology. And I think that that number has only increased since that time. And so ensuring that these devices are increasingly accurate, increasingly small, increasingly scalable. And soon, I hope also able to detect signs and signals for sleep disorders. That people might not even be aware they have and might be limiting their sleep quality. What would be one of those disorders? There are more than 80 differentially diagnosable sleep disorders, but a couple of the big ones are in Somnia. Number one, it impacts anywhere between 30 and 40% of the population, depending on how we're measuring it and studying it. And in what population, but it's a condition that is depilitating for many, it is characterized by a chronic experience of difficulty falling asleep, so taking longer than 30, 45 minutes, night in and night out, difficulty maintaining sleep. So maybe being able to fall asleep, but then waking up and fighting, struggling to get back to sleep, waking up too early in the morning and not being able to fall back asleep. And those are typically also accompanied with feelings of exhaustion during the day. Individuals who suffer from insomnia will tell us that they are absolutely exhausted. And the frontline treatment for sleep for insomnia is cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia when available or pharmacological intervention and then kind of titrating to get onto a behavioral regime. Often with insomnia, we're trying to do away with maladaptive cognitions about sleep. So when with insomnia, we'll walk into their bedroom and their cortisol spike, which we know interrupts your ability to relax and prepare for sleep. The second most concerning sleep disorder is obstructive sleep apnea, and that is, you know, as a condition marked by often loud snoring, loud, raucous snoring, but also interruptions or pauses in breath. Somewhere is scary. Yes, yes, as a spouse. And so if those symptoms sound familiar to anyone listening, there are treatments that's imminently treatable, which is the good news, and there are a range of options, but do find a sleep professional to coach you on the available options for your personal needs. And treatment is a significant predictor of better quality of life, better sleep, of course, better heart health, often in patients with untreated sleep apnea. Blood pressure can become uncontrolled. Many issues start to snowball when you're not getting proper treatment for obstructive sleep apnea. That's absolutely true. Blood pressure, humic lomen, hematocrit, people, they just don't feel well. Low testosterone. Do you guys use the upper sleep score? No. We do. The good news is there are a lot of, you know, very easy to deliver questionnaires that are very sensitive for your risk for these things. So you don't often even have to go into a sleep lab just to get a sense of if you're at risk for some of these conditions. The upper sleepiness scale the insomnia severity index for any providers or clinicians listening. The Berlin questionnaire, the stop-bang questionnaire, or all widely used validated questionnaires that can give you a difference to if you're a primary care provider, could give you a really good sense of whether a patient you're seeing as it risk for any of these disorders. I want to close out this podcast with some common sleepmins. What is your top three myths that you hear? Number one is this belief that there's some people out there somewhere, somehow, that do well on less than seven hours. And there might be their very poorly studied if they are out there. People who truly, truly need less than seven hours. And they have a kind of appropriate health profile. But we do find there's several notable figures. Thomas Edison was one in there of been others in across, across history of people who brag about not cutting enough sleep. But Thomas Edison, yes, he probably slept around four hours at night. But he had a cut in his office and he was known for taking protracted naps. So it is not in fact true that he was only sleeping for four hours a day. He simply wore that on his shoulder as a valour of honors, somehow, despite all of the health concerns. But it was in fact likely sleeping closer to seven. So, um, really duration we can't, there's no cure, there's no silver bullet. We do need to spend the time sleeping. But the secret is if you can combine a healthy duration of sleep with consistent sleep. You start to maybe need a little bit less sleep overall because your sleep will become so consolidated and so efficient within the time that we're provided. The idea of bedtime routines. And the time before sleep, we don't often factor that in. But it is a vitally important part of a sleep routine. We're really not made to fall asleep immediately, quickly right away. But we need to set ourselves up for success and just knowing that can be helpful and then creating a relaxing bedtime ritual, whether that's doing a couple breathing exercises, reading a couple pages in a book. One simple thing that I love to talk about is just one good thing from your day. I think sometimes at nighttime, all the bad stuff can snowball. But if you close your eyes and breathe and focus on one person that touched you in some way, you know, touched your heart, it was kind to you, it was thoughtful. One nice thing that you did can also sometimes make us feel good. Our selves that can just put you in the right headspace to drift off to sleep. And then number two, I'd say, is this myth that falling asleep quickly is a sign of good sleep. So often people say, oh, you know, I'm such a bad sleeper. It takes me 15, 20 minutes. I'm like, you know, it takes the hell, these sleeper 15 to 20 minutes to fall asleep. But I think that that some people think of that is, you know, what's wrong with me. So falling asleep quickly, just as if you were underfed and you were presented with a buffet and you helped yourself to adopt, you know, a ton of food right away and you're, you're, you're starved for food. So similarly, if you're falling asleep right away, you're probably starved for sleep. And the third myth is snoozing. So many people at dinner parties, or, you know, wherever we'll open their phone and show me a dozen snooze alarms. And they're like, look at me, I got all this extra sleep. And that is another myth that hitting the snooze alarm will give you more sleep. But the vast majority of us are doing. If we're using this snooze alarm is, is you're looking at your schedule. So you have to get up at 7 o'clock for work. And that's a non-agosible to commute, to get ready to all do all of your things. So what people are typically doing is setting their first alarm for 630 and then for 640 and then 640. And I'm like, guys, let's just set it for 7 and find the latest possible time, set your alarm. And then it's going to be tough. You've got to get your butt out of bed. But just commit, say, you know, I'm going to maximize my sleep and maybe put my phone on the other side of the room. So I'm not going to do it to the snooze again. It's genius.