So there's the arousal piece which sounds like it's more of a physiological response. And then there's the desire piece which sounds like it's more of a cognitive or top-down brain function approach with that be fair to say. Absolutely. So desire is exactly what you think it is wanting to have sex. And that is definitely correlated with the brain. So when we think about medications that we use for low desire, those are all working on brain receptors. They're working on our brains, not on our genitals. Whereas if you're focusing on arousal specifically like, for example, men who have erectile dysfunction, they're taking medications that increase blood flow to the genitals. They're not doing anything to the brain. That's interesting. And the medication just for men, I'm assuming you're talking about to dial a fill. What about the medications for women? So for low desire? So for low desire, you know, low desire is really complex. And I don't want to just jump to medications because I think there's really multi-factorial issues that cause low desire. And so yes, we have medications. We'll talk about those. But I think when you're thinking about low desire, first is like, what does that mean? What does low desire mean? Are you bothered by the fact that you have low desire? Has it changed? Has it always been stable? And you're like, I just don't feel like that's normal. Like is it just, you know, are you comparing yourself to what you think normal should be? And what exactly, you know, desires difference. So when we see TV or movies, we see, you see your partner, you get turned on, you want to rip off their clothes and have sex. You have desire, then you have a rousal. But sometimes it's the opposite, right? It's what we call responsive desire. So you see your partner, you become intimate with them, you become close, you touch. You're like, not necessarily wanting sex, but you want closeness. And then you're receptive. You're like, oh, I finally feel, I feel that desire. Now, yeah, I'm having sex, I'm really enjoying it. But it wasn't there in the beginning. And that's normal. That's completely normal. And especially in long-term relationships, that's completely normal. So I think a lot of times we think, oh my God, I don't have that desire you do. But you've been with the partner for a long time, things change in your life. You've got kids, you've got aging parents, you've got other, you know, your busier at work. Whatever it is, those things will detract from your ability to have desire. That's fascinating in the way that it is. That's very complex, especially as you transition through life. Have you found things, I guess, from a more, I don't want to say holistic perspective. That's not the right word, but a more integrative perspective that can help women increase their desire because is that as a practicing physician is that one of the first things that you hear that I do they say, I have low libido or do they say, I just, I'm not desire. I just don't want to have sex. Yeah, I just don't want to have sex. And usually it's my partner wants it and I don't. Or sometimes it's like, you know, I used to be really into sex and now I'm not and I'm wondering what happened and I missed that, you know. And so what things I tell people's easy stuff is like, first of all, look at your life, where are your stressors, right? Because when you think about sex, men look at sex as a stress relief, right? They're like, oh, I'm going to have sex. I'm going to feel better afterwards. Women are like, this is something I got to do that's going to be like a task, right? It's another task to do. It's like a chore and not all women think this, but like you know, that is sort of the way that we women and men perceive sex differently. And so you want to think about how can you reduce stress so you can actually enjoy sex. Like sex is supposed to be fun. It's supposed to be play. It's not supposed to be this like stressful event. Like, oh my god, I got to do this again. Like, it should be something we look forward to. It's funny because we're talking about it. Hey guys, we're giving you insight for the men, for the male listeners. We are giving you insight into the female psyche. Yeah. As, you know, and I'm just curious from your perspective, when you started thinking about this and talking about this for you like, whoa, I, this is kind of uncomfortable. Yeah, you know, I think as a neurologist, you know, you pick your field because you're comfortable with it. That's true. You know, like I talked a lot about penises and all kinds of things. This is all very true. So I think it's different. Like when I talk to people, I think they're more uncomfortable than me. Like, you know, I guess not so much and it's funny because, you know, I, I'm South Asian. We don't talk about sex a lot. It's sort of very taboo. And now I talk about sex very openly. Are your parents like, oh, yeah, she's, she's talking about that thing again. Well, you know, they're very proud of me, which is surprising because, you know, I talk about sex, but they're very proud of me. But then when people come up to them and tell them, oh, I love your daughter. I watch her all the time. They're like, I don't want to know. Like, I don't really want to know. Yeah, and I'm not. But yeah, no, I think. So back to your question about like, what can you do holistically? So I think one is reduced stress. And so whether that means offloading some of your responsibilities, hiring out or having your partner take up more responsibilities, whatever it is, that can be helpful. And some of that relies on, you know, figuring out ways to have boundaries, all those sorts of things. And then, you know, sleep is really important. So we know that sleep quality and duration are correlated with our hormones. So when you have more than seven hours of high quality sleep, you're going to have higher levels of testosterone. Testosterone is the hormone of desire. So when women have testosterone, the same as men do, but women have actually more testosterone in their bodies than estrogen. And so it's really important for both men and women to get good quality sleep. And I think we pride ourselves on like, I'll sleep when I'm dead. And no, like, we need to sleep. And so it's kind of a luxury, but it shouldn't be, but again, I mean, we're the only species that actually purposely delay sleep. Like, no other animals or anything, go to sleep, right? Like, we're the only ones who have to stay up and score my phone or like get one more thing done or whatever it is, right? And so that's one. Another one is exercise, which you talk about a lot. But we know that exercise increases desire in the long term and in the short term. So if you work out, you're getting increased blood pressure, increased heart rate, and your body's getting primed for arousal. So you're going to have more arousal when you're ready to have an, of course, with your partner because you've worked out. And so those things are really, really useful in terms of integrating things that you can do every single day. Now diet is for all people important for every aspect of your body. And you're an expert on that, but diet is super important. And then the other thing is mindfulness. So there's been actually a lot of high quality data. You can look up Lori Brotto's work on mindfulness. And they've looked at women like thousands of women and said, you know, if we implement a mindfulness practice over eight weeks, you find that they improve desire significantly. And the interesting part about it is you've read a lot of studies. You'll know this that a year later, if they contact these women who work part of the study, a year later without any prompts, they're still doing mindfulness practice because it improves their lives in so many immeasurable ways that they've continued it without any input from the study or anything like that. So it's really valuable and something that you can incorporate pretty easily. It takes time, it takes effort, takes dedication, but again, you're investing in yourself. If you want a better sex life, if you want to have that desire, if you want to be able to be in the moment with your partner and enjoy sex, which is going to obviously increase desire when you're having more fun during sex, you're going to want it more. Then you've got to do things to make that happen.