If you're getting 175 grams of protein a day, you match your needs at 60 or 70 grams, and I think you're converting the rest to carbs. That's simply not true. He converts all of it. That's just a gross misunderstanding of the towels. Protein myths are everywhere. But what if some of them were started by doctors themselves in this episode, Dr. Gabrielle Lyon and her guest, Dr. Donald Laman, react to a controversial clip of Dr. Christopher Gardner on the Huberman Lab. We have national data on what the protein intake is of Americans. The average intake is like 1.2 grams per kilogram bodyweight per day. I'm just going to pause him out there. The average intake in the United States based on the end-hanging state of Israel and 80 grams per day on that translates into 0.9 to 1 gram per kg. I'm sure there are people taking 1.2 in higher, but that's not the average. It was so convincing, though. That's the way to be convincing, even if you're wrong. They'll expose how outdated research has shaped the conversation around protein and reveal what the science really says about your body's needs. As I hear professors and doctors talk about how our diet is wrong and that we can stop stressing about dietary protein, I have to say, I disagree. Let's talk about protein. Protein is the main source of nitrogen in your body. If you were to do one of these bomb-calorimeter things that blew up and burned your whole body, minerals would be left. You can't get rid of minerals and nitrogen is in that list. And so you can actually do a nitrogen analysis of food that you're eating and it'll tell you how much protein is in the food. And if you were to be in a blue zoo, all day, and collect your poop, your pee, your nasal blowing. Let's stop there for a suggestive second. It has come in a battle at doing a nitrogen analysis and determining the amount of protein isn't truly accurate because all amino acids don't have the same amount of nitrogen. So they tend to use a standard factor of 16% nitrogen, which not essential in the protein, which not essential in amino acids that you find in plants have more than non-essential amino acids than animal protein. So when you use a nitrogen analysis, you're always overestimating the amount of actual nitrogen coming in. So it's inaccurate. It's an inaccurate measure to start with. If you captured everything that left your body, you would know how much protein you had eliminated during the day. So so many came up with this idea for a nitrogen balance study. And they took these conscientious war objectives and put them in these suits for months. And they lowered their protein to zero. At which point they realized, wow, this is fascinating. The losses that you have from protein decrease as you lower your protein to zero because your body realizes you need to be more efficient with what you had. And then they raised the dietary protein level back up until they were in balance. So the amount of protein leaving the body was the same as they amount going in. And they said, this is the protein requirement. It's the amount that will replace your losses in this group of people. It wasn't just Morgan Hall and the penthouse at Berkeley. It was multiple other groups who were doing this. In other places, and they pulled all their data and said, this is, and there's a range. And some people need more and some people need less. That's pretend it's a normal distribution. It isn't quite. But after all this, they came up with what would be an estimated average requirement for this population that we've studied. And this bizarre prison incarceration, food manipulation thing. With this clever idea focusing on nitrogen, just because it's so unique to protein. And they came up with .66 grams of protein per kilogram body weight per day. And this is the estimated average requirement. Okay, now let's do some super simple math. Let's say if you told the American public, now they've done this bizarre, disgusting task. This is how much everybody requires this estimated average requirement. And they're in after everybody got exactly that much protein. What proportion of the population would be deficient at that level if they picked the average requirement? Half by definition, that's only the average. Half of the people who are above average. So the recommended data allowance of protein is set at two standard deviations. Above the value determined by this disgusting nitrogen balance task, decades and decades ago. And I understand that the community of protein fanatics doesn't like that. That's not an optimal protein. It's like a minimal protein requirement. Okay, so I totally buy that argument, but I think the first thing. Let's stop there for a minute. He's an analysis that is partially correct, but first it's important to recognize that nitrogen balance is well accepted that intake is over estimated. And that excretion is under estimated, even as he says, is disgusting body suits. So that's well established. And most of the estimates are that they're missing it by up to 20%. So we have to always frame it. His discussion of the E and R, the estimated average is correct, but he applies the word deficiency to nitrogen balance. And so the only deficiency that he's actually measuring is some level of negative nitrogen loss. And I don't know what health outcome that relates to. So we have a measure that evolved out of animal science in the 1800s. It didn't really evolve in a penthouse and in Berkeley. It evolved actually in the 1800s when animal scientists were trying to measure growth. And what you can do with growth is you can measure nitrogen accumulation. And they were trying to distinguish between body weight which might be body fat and actually lean tissue. So we haven't measures for nitrogen at that point. You can measure it. But when you start trying to apply these same measures to adults who are not changing body weight and grow it, they become very hard to apply. And his use of the word deficiency is a gross extrapolation to one reality. It's basically it's only measuring nitrogen balance. He makes a statement and I'll let this play about 0.66 grams per kg, actually being the minimum in his words to prevent a deficiency. And the number of the RDA set at 0.8 grams per kg to protect individuals from becoming deficient and making it two standard deviations above. That's exactly right. So it's set to standard deviations above so that 98% of the population would be reflected as somehow in nitrogen balance. But again, extrapolating this to requirement and deficiencies aren't really what the terms mean. The terms mean that they're in nitrogen balance. And again, I'm not quite sure we can go into that in more detail, but relating that to a deficiency in adult is a leap of faith. The first thing that people get wrong is they think that that old method is recommending the average requirement. And it's not. It's got a safety buffer. It's got two standard deviations built on top of it so that if everybody got that 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight per day, two and a half percent of the population would be deficient. And not only would 97 and a half percent of the population meet their requirement, they would exceed it. If you drew the graph, right, you're seeing the line. This whole group would exceed it and this group would not meet it and this group would get just a small sliver would get what they needed. The again, he's trying to extrapolate this RDA and this measure of nitrogen balance as deficiency. And so his entire argument hangs on that what it is is basically a minimum reflection for nitrogen balance. But I don't know of any help outcomes that relate to that and he doesn't cite it either. So the issue of what is nitrogen balance and does that actually reflect or deficiency? That's something he's emotionally trying to make everybody believe, but there's really no data of what it represents the position in his statements. And again, we'll hear them is that basically everybody is getting enough protein and that the quote, high protein messaging seems unnecessary for the general population. I will continue to play this and again, thank you so much. And again, I'll just follow up that state, just to follow up that statement. What he's actually saying is that people are getting enough to stay in short-term nitrogen balance. So again, these are 25 year old males who are eating nothing but high-quality dairy proteins and they're measuring it for maybe up to two weeks. A short-term measure of nothing but nitrogen balance and the extrapolation of that to help isn't good. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new we've created. It's called Forever Strong Insider and it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel Lion Show. As a forever strong insider every week, you'll get ad free episodes written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show. A community Q&A segment where you can sub-made your own questions per upcoming guest. We're going to call this the Strong Seed and behind the scenes content, a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel and navigate daily life. Go to Forever Strong.Supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. I have a couple of questions I know are popping up for people. I just would like to tick off if we can. Who were the subjects? Was it men and women? These were conscientious objectives so I would presume at that time we weren't sending women to Vietnam. So it would be just a minute. So this is just it, Berkeley. So other people were doing this to it. It wasn't just this one, but I don't know who the others were. Got it. I just remember that I got my PhD at Berkeley and as soon as I got there, people said, do you want to see the penthouse? So what the F is the penthouse? The penthouse is where Doris Cowan and Shilly Morgan figured this out and like this is a famous thing. So they took great pride that part of that camp from their work at Berkeley. And they as a call at the penthouse to get people up there because what happened in there sounds anything but pleasant. Yeah, it was unpleasant. Yeah, at least for the Berkeley study. These guys are up there, guys are gal to their up there. They're in these suits. They're collecting everything. They're not exercising. They're not breathing fresh air presumably. They're not, are they walking around? Are they getting even like a couple thousand steps a day? I mean, my concern is that, oh, absolutely. Yeah, they're concerns. My concern is that they turn them into mice essentially. And as somebody, listen, I've published work on mice, rats. I no longer do this but non-human primates, something that I have no interest in doing anymore. And the other primates us humans. And I know how hard it is to do a well controlled study. It's extremely difficult. So I understand why they did this, but then it becomes a very artificial circumstance. Now, the buffering with two standard deviations above this nitrogen balance amount. I think that's something really important to double click on for people because most people here. Oh, it was just a minimum amount required to maintain nitrogen balance. But in reality, it's much higher than that. So that was the first one. I feel like that's a misperception that was the average requirement. Okay. All the points you made are dead on critical important. Okay. Then the second one is where do you start if you've eaten an excess? Because the fact is right after that, I had to bait with Stu Phillips at one point on Simon Hill's podcast. Because we had exchanged some Twitter things and said, oh my God, they disagree. They should have a debate. Is Stu Phillips like a corner of war guy? So no, Stu Phillips, I'm sorry, is an exercise of it. He's super great at exercise studies that make master university. Okay. And after we actually emailed one another, not just tweeting however many characters you get on Twitter. So oh my God, we actually agree on most things. And the reason we agree is we have national data on what the protein intake is of Americans. So forget the protein bars and the protein powders and everything else. American doesn't do that. And the average intake is like 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day. Or higher of quality protein? Just let's stop there. So the average intake in the United States based on the end Haynes data, which is the actual standard. That's the gold standard for intake is around 80 grams per day. For an average, for men and women. And that translates into 0.9 to 1 gram per kg. I'm sure there are people taking 1.2 and higher, but that's not the average. You is so convincing though. With that statement. That's that's the way to be. Be convincing. Even if you're wrong. The fun thing was that Stu and I got together and said, you know, Stu, you hate that point. Hade grams per kilogram body weight. And you're saying people should have 1 gram per kilogram body weight. Or maybe even 1.2, which would be 1.2 would be 50% higher than 0.8. That's the average American intake. And he said, well, that's Stu too. So he hates the 0.8, but he realized it's almost in irrelevant number. Because most people get more than that. I just served on the Dieter Guidelines Advisory Committee. And we looked at those same data and it's still true. Americans eat more protein than the RDA on a general basis. Without trying, without knowing about it, it's just in more foods than you think. So the second issue is, well, if so many people are eating more, is there anything bad about the extra? Like, what do you do with the extra? And so there's sort of infinite capacity to store fat in your body. You probably know this in your belly and your butt and your underarms everywhere. You can store limited capacity for carbohydrate store. You can store actually her Gabrielle Lyon talk about how much is in your liver and how much is in your skeletal muscle. But if you are a marathon runner in four hours after 20 miles or so, you bunk because you've exhausted all your carbohydrates. You can exhaust all your carbohydrates in four hours, where it would take days and days and days with fat. But there is no storage depot for protein. At the end of the day, if you ate more than you needed, you're not storing any for the next day. It's not in your big toe. It's not in your spleen. It's not in your liver. It's nowhere, after you made all the enzymes hormones, hair, fingernails, and muscle tissue that you wanted, you break off the nitrogen. You have to eliminate that as ammonia and your kidney. And you turn the carbon skeleton into carbs, which if we do get back to the keto diet, is throwing the meat eaters on a keto diet out of ketosis. You just turned the protein you're eating to avoid the carbs into the carbs that you're avoiding. But we won't go there for the moment, we'll just say, there's no place to store it. So you're not really getting any benefit about it. I was very interested to hear you just say, you're fine eating the protein for the calories, the energy. I am going to stop this here. What is the relevance of the protein storage discussion? I think the whole protein storage and protein use is one of the biggest misconceptions out there, and that he's 100% white that the body doesn't store protein. So that's why you need a daily supply of essential amino acids. So that's absolutely correct where you store a fat and carbs, so you don't really need them every day. But you do need amino acids. The extrapolation he's making, though, is that once you meet your minimum nitrogen balance, sort of like thinking of protein and amino acids is building blocks for a brick layer. Once you have enough blocks for the wall, you can stop. You don't need to have another truckload of bricks, but proteins not like that. The issue of, you know, what do you do with the protein? Well, all of it gets converted into energy every day. That's a definite should of bait. So whether you're eating a minimum amount of 60 grams per day or a higher amount of 175, every gram of protein gets converted into energy every day, about 80% of it gets converted into carbohydrates, about 20% gets converted into fatty acids. But that happens every day. The misconception is that there's some one to one, you know, that when I eat an amino acid, the first one goes into protein. And that's not true at all. The body is very inefficient with that's process. For example, essential amino acid, 3-ning, 75% of the 3-ning you take in, never gets out of the gut. It goes directly to mucusin synthesis. So how much training do you have to have before you satisfy the body's need? So it's not a one-to-one relationship. In fact, the body has to make 250 to 300 grams of protein every day. The average intake is around 80 grams. So there's no one to one relationship of that. And the idea that, you know, the first whatever, 60 grams I eat goes to making protein and then everything else is wasted. That's just totally a misconception. Everything you eat is converted to energy. And the issue is efficiency. When you're young, the first amino acid you eat per day or per meal or whatever, or probably going to get converted into protein quicker. The order you get, you become less efficient with it. So the requirement is probably changing. So this whole idea of storage and efficiency and waste is an incredible misconception out there. By people who don't really understand protein metabolism. It's interesting, as I'm looking at some of the comments on the YouTube. Here's a comment that says Christopher Gardner is one of the best nutrition scientists of our time. Glad you had him on Andrew. While some of his views may not be popular, they are extremely evidence-based. He clearly doesn't understand amino acid metabolism. His theories correct it would have to be based on TRNA saturation. So once you saturate the TRNAs, but you're basically have fulfilled your need for protein synthesis. If you're like me, you love a good meat stick and are always on the go. But still committed to putting high quality fuel into your body. Then you want to check out Paleo Valley, one of the sponsors of the show. There 100 grass fed and finished beef sticks are clean nutrient tents and free from all the garbage. Found in most convenient snack. By the way, this is Buffalo chicken, no preservatives, no added sugar, no artificial anything. They are naturally fermented, which means they support your gut, deliver more. I will be able to nutrients and of course have a long shelf life without the use of harmful Additives, which is amazing. Paleo Valley sources from regenerative farms here in the U.S. The kind of farms that treat animals humanely and prioritize soil health. It's like going to the farmers market, getting a good quality snack, and it's still a good right to your job. Go to pleovalley.com slash doctor lion to get 15% off. That's pleovalley.com slash doctor lion. Nobody knows what TNA charging is on a very high level, explain it to, I don't know, or one like Shane, my husband sitting here so that we can understand what does that mean and and what's the value of that statement you just had for us, non PhD pioneers. So we'll go back to my bricklayer concept again, so I have an individual building a wall and the bricks are my aminal assets. The bricklayer is the TRA. He's the guy who basically transfers that amino acid into the wall transfers that amino acid into the protein. And so if I only have one bricklayer, once that guy has both hands full, I don't need any more amino assets. And the issue with TRA's is they're always saturated. You can have a total starvation for two, three days. You can have an amino acid deficiency for a week, and you'll still have the TRA's charge. So the idea that there's this efficiency of protein use only up to some level is a total misunderstanding of the amino acid metabolism. The issue is how much protein and which amino acid does it take to efficiently make that 300 grams of new protein every day. And that's not the same at every stage of life, and that's the point they're missing the whole concept of storage is being totally misinterpreted. There are a few things mentioned that are thrown around a lot in the nutrition space and in general the RDA, I would love for you to define that. And also Dr. Gardner talks about the EAR. I would love to hear how we piece these things together. Someone who knows nothing about nutrition or this is their first podcast episode with us. I'm sorry you chose this as your first. Help us understand the foundations of the conversation. The purpose of the RDA is to establish a minimum to prevent an obvious deficiency. And with every nutrient, whether it's vitamin C or vitamin D, and in those cases we have clear deficiencies of scurvy or rickets and so we can prevent them. When you start getting into the macro nutrients like carbohydrates and protein, now you have more diverse outcomes. It's hard to really define what a deficiency looks like. I mean, we know in children in Africa we have squashy or corn grassmouth, but that's an extreme form and and protein doesn't necessarily change that rapidly. So, you know, I think that we have to recognize the purpose of an RDA, a recommended a dietary allowance is defined the minimum number to prevent an obvious or frank deficiency. And in protein that has been defined as nitrogen balance, which is a pretty loose concept. I think we need to also think about how do we if the RDA is that meaningful. We need to think about the fact that the RDA for carbohydrate is 130 grams per day. The EAR for that is about 75 or 80. And so it's two standard deviations above that considered healthy is 130. The average of Americans eating almost 300. So the RDA is tell us we should have a two to one ratio of carbs that protein or our diet where the American public is eating four or five to one. So, you know, if we're going to treat the RDA as a magic number, we need to treat it consistently that way. And what Dr. Gardner is doing is selectively deciding how he's going to apply it. I want to understand more by what you just said from his perspective from what I'm hearing him say is that looking at the EAR, which is a statistical midpoint, that number would be enough to cover half of the population. However, the EAR for nitrogen balance to put half the population in a positive nitrogen balance has then been translated over to dietary protein. Yeah. So we really need to think more about what nitrogen balance is here. So as I mentioned earlier, it's pretty widely accepted that nitrogen balance isn't very accurate. It overestimates in taging and underestimates losses. So it's inherently a low number. The other thing is you just mentioned is that how do they measure it? So they take these young men eating high quality protein. They take them to zero. And then they begin to bring it back up. They do stages and they give them a little more and they come into nitrogen balance. Nitrogen balance would imply that you've got a curve going up. They're storing a little bit more and then it stops. Well, that's not actually what happens. It goes up and it has a break point, but it keeps going up. So where's that protein going? And if you step back and think about nitrogen balance, his point is there's no storage form of protein. So when you're doing this nitrogen balance and you're giving increasing levels and nitrogen balance is positive, which means you're storing protein, where's it going? The inherent issue is that if there's no storage that nitrogen balance technique has to be wrong. Because if you translate that into actual protein gain per day, it would be outrageous. And so it's a technique that shows you something about a great point where the body is partitioning protein or amino acids differently, but to extrapolate that as a meaningful requirement is a stretch. Well, I can say as wow, I've heard you say a lot of fascinating and interesting things, but that is that is fascinating in the way that if we all take a step back. And our discussion has been on protein and the RDA whether though RDA is enough or not enough or the minimum amount, it makes me reconsider the entire landscape about protein and how it's being spoken about. Meaning the RDA based on a nitrogen balance study seems just simply way off base. Yeah, I think there is a lot of very good data that suggests the RDA is quite low by about 20%. You look at estimates of using the nitrogen balance when you realize it's a non-linear, it's based on a linear extrapolation that this curve goes up and there's a clean break and it's linear. And it's not. It knows that it goes up and it has a lower slope, but it's still positive. And so it's fundamentally wrong. And people think it's wrong by about 20%. I want to pause a second because I want to know what that means. Explain to me what the graph looks like as you're talking about what are we trying to visualize as how they put these pieces together. And quite frankly it's shocking that we are still talking about nitrogen balance without this reevaluation, but help me visualize the concept of what you are saying that there is this progression and then it breaks off. If you go to zero protein intake, you can imagine that would be a negative nitrogen balance. If you're starting, obviously you're counting on it. And so they begin to bring in some small amounts of protein. And so you get a curve that is going upward. You're getting more positive nitrogen balance. Okay. And at some point it begins to plateau. The analysis that you is used is a linear concept where you get a break point and basically it stops gaining. It implies that you can't use anymore. But it turns out, beta when you really look at it, all of them continue to go up. And so it's a curve of linear relationship as opposed to a linear relationship. And when you then begin to bring that into it, you realize that the current RDA, the current concepts of the EBR are underestimating it. So you know, so we've got to starting point that the intake and excretion are not accurate. So they're underestimating it. We're using an analytical method that is underestimating it. We're using a concept of nitrogen balance, which inherently doesn't make sense in a non-growing person. How can you be in positive nitrogen balance if you're maintenance? Okay. So now we've got methods that are underestimating certain things that overestimating other things. And most of the people who have studied this, burning youngs and Peter Palettes and Hengrysmen Roe and Hickmark Higgs-Stad and Bob Wolfe and all of the true experts in protein in the world has concluded that the RDA is probably about 20% to low. That the real target should probably be about 1 gram per kg as the absolute minimum per perven deficiency. And that's been related to protein synthesis measurements has been related to glutathione measurements and rithersides and all sorts of true outcomes, true functional outcomes as opposed to just the vague nitrogen balance. Oh, sorry, it's time to report an ad for the show. Thank you to one of the sponsors of the show timeline and listen, my kids still sleep with me. And after 470 nighttime snack requests, bathroom breaks, my husband snoring, myself. They're like a yo-jee, we're tapped out. Enter might appear. Time line nutrition is one of the most thoroughly researched products. I've come across an over a decade. Look, to carry it in my purse, they have peer reviewed public science. And this is where it's really interesting. But those of you who are following the muscle centric lifestyle, when you increase bio-energetics, you improve muscle function and how. In adults, 40 plus, timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance and no change in activity. So whether you've been active resistance training your whole life or you're just getting started or you're not getting a lot of sleep and you've got a million requests, your muscles and your mitochondria need help. And they have just launched their low sugar vegan non-GMO gluten-free gummies, which by the way, I am eating by the handfuls which I shouldn't, but they taste delicious. Time line is offering our community 20% off your first order. Go to timeline nutrition.com slash doctor line and use the code doctor line to get 20% off. I recommend trying their starter pack with all three different formats and of course their gummies which are incredible. In a perfect world, how would you rectify this? The way to rectify it is to just recognize that RDAs are defined to be the absolute minimum and that the healthy intake, the optimum intake for health is probably above that. So whether we're talking about vitamin C with the minimum intake of 60 milligrams, during the winter we all take 500 or vitamin D where the minimum intake is 400 I use and we all take 2 or 3000 for bone health and et cetera. I think we need to recognize that protein has a healthy and safe range from somewhere maybe as low as 0.8 up to probably 2.5 or higher. And then where is the healthy range for you or for me or for a human who personally likes it is personal choice. So I think that gardeners idea that that's the requirement and everyone should adhere to it isn't consistent with any nutrition principle. And certainly not the way we apply the carbohydrate requirement we three times that and nobody recognizes too high so you know I think what we're looking for is a consistent interpretation of the RDA as the minimum of which people shouldn't go below. It has nothing to do with the healthy requirement. And that you make about the RDA being 130 grams a day but Americans are eating 300 grams a day when you say that they need to be thought about or at least discussed comparatively tell me what you mean. We know that carbohydrates are a risk metabolically in the body that the body has a challenge in getting rid of carbohydrates in the short term you might be able to store some as glycogen but in a long term if you're eating three times your level. Now you have to distort metabolism and you'll see that things like tricolicidal levels insulin sensitivity and things like that. So Americans are eating way more carbohydrates than they need for basic metabolism you know three times the RDA so now you have to think about what you're distorting my specific experiments with that is we looked at weight loss which is a way of trying to evaluate perking requirements. And what we did was a series of experiments where all we adjusted was the ratio of protein and carbohydrates so I mentioned earlier that the RDA's tell us the ratio should be about two to one. Americans are eating around four to one and so what we did was that basically experiment we had one group that had a high carbohydrate diet was based on the food diet pyramid. Four to one carbohydrate to protein and they were eating exactly point eight grams per kg that RDA the other group we went to twice the RDA for protein we went to 1.6 and we reduced the carbohydrates down to about the RDA. What we found was that when we did that and this was a weight loss study that the individuals on the higher protein protected their muscle loss more body fat loss more weight and we did this in a series of three different clinical studies one of which was. 12 months long with 120 subjects so we know that the higher protein diet has body composition of facts. Would you say that the conversation about carbohydrates is changing meaning this people are beginning to recognize that too much carbohydrates distort metabolism and then on the flip side. We don't have that conversation about protein we don't say to quote too much protein. Distorts body composition. You and I talk about muscle centric health muscle centric metabolism and I think what's missing in the conversation is that your carbohydrate needs relate to your muscle activity. If you're in a lean athlete putting in three hours per day of lung or some activity you probably need a lot of carbohydrates. But if you're a sedentary couch potato who's 65 or 70, your carbohydrate need may vary well not be and even the RDA before it begins to distort metabolism. It's a mental and resistant fatty liver try glycerin increased try glycerides and so the issue is most Americans eating close to 300 grams per day need almost three hours of exercise per day to make that work. The comment about protein being converted to carbohydrates or glucose is true but unlike carbohydrates coming from grains where you get an immediate spike right after the meal the first 15 to 30 minutes after the meal with protein it takes 5, 6, 7 hours to metabolize the amino acids into carbohydrates. So what you get is a very slow conversion basically 24 hours a day that requires very little insulin activity. So from a carbohydrates standpoint you can either bread, you know, white bread and rice and get carbohydrate bonuses or you can get the same carbohydrates from protein. I think a lot of people learn from the keto diets and things like that from studies of type 2 diabetes that that can be a very beneficial way to go. So you have one person who's in lead athlete who needs 300 grams of carbs per day and you have another person who's a type 2 diabetic where 100 grams might be too much. And I think that's the same with protein we know we have a safe range of protein so the issue is what's the individual need what's their healthiest lifestyle how do they get the nutrient density they need what's the best for protecting muscle and the RDA has almost no relationship to those kinds of discussions. You bring up a very thought-provoking point and that is if we were to take a step back which you are very good at by the right. And actually you're talking. I mean I can make a lot of that. I won't the idea of putting together our plate carbohydrates proteins and fats we eat in excess it seems as if we are in excess of calories in general of those calories typically the excess calories comes from carbohydrates and fats. But the safety if we and obviously we don't eat individual macronutrients we don't just say I'm going to have a bag of fat today or a bag of amino acids well some people do which we're going to get to our bag of carbohydrates we eat foods. The three of those macronutrients do not affect the body the same way and here's where I'm going with this and I love your thoughts. When we over eat carbohydrates and we're eating 300 grams of carbohydrates we know what happens to the body presumably let's say this person is sedentary and they're eating 300 grams of carbohydrates at a meal or I don't know a 150 twice a day breakfast for dessert however you want to play that there are metabolic consequences these metabolic consequences include elevated levels of insulin elevated levels of glucose in the short term in the immediate if someone were to eat 300 grams of protein let's say you split it up between 150 150 again sounds like a lot the metabolic consequences of that if you were to say from a patient outcome perspective or lifestyle perspective and our outcomes broadly speaking are health and one could pick whatever is meaningful to them you would not see the same negative effect and even and I would love for you to talk to on this and I'm going to throw one more expected macronutrient in their fat. I would love your take on just conceptually that. Hydration isn't just about drinking co-zero or other sugar-free swing beverages like breadball now I'm saying this for a friend or it's not even about drinking more water it's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes and fluids during life's most demanding season like I don't know parenting maybe pregnancy or postpartum your body is going through massive changes blood volume increases hormones shift breastfeeding demands you know all those things all of these life transitions you probably need more and better hydration and you need electrolytes like sodium magnesium and potassium element is formulated to replenish what you actually lose without sugar fillers and junk that you don't need it's a clean effective way to stay hydrated and for men again it's not just about hydration it's also about performance recovery mental clarity and yes even energy whether you're hitting the gym chasing kids or grinding through your work day maybe even your teeth dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus and endurance element helps you stay sharp strong and ready we use element because it works taste amazing and it's known on sons just science back hydration that actually makes a difference and right now element is offering a free sample pack with any purchase that's eight flavors to try on the house go to drink lmnt.com slash doctor lion to claim yours that's drink lmnt.com slash doctor lion stay hydrated stay strong and as Godgain would say stay hard you and I always talk about the macro nutrients as you need to make a protein decision first and that protein decision can be based on your personal culture or values or whatever or your goals it doesn't matter if you want to low protein diet or high protein diet but once you make that decision that determines a lot of foods so that determines a lot of nutrients once you make that decision and you decide on your exercise and your lifestyle not you have to make a macro nutrient decision we've had a 50 year period that has said well fats bad for you you should eat more carbs the evidence for that was really bad where did the 30% fat and the diet come from that was just made up in a committee room and there's no evidence to back that but what we've done is to start the American diet toward grain carbohydrates we got we had a food guy pyramid that said you ought to eat at the bottom you should eat all these grains and that's what Americans did we got cookies with no fat we got cookies that we're nothing but sugar and things like that and Americans were eating 16 servings a day out of that or more out of that bottom lung that appeared in 2010 we got rid of the food guy pyramid because people recognize what it did to the American diet was to do it to nutrient density and make people eat more calories to get the vitamins minerals and amino acids that they need it so we know and we now have 30 years of keto diets that we know how an impact they certainly have an impact on type 2 diabetes so you know it's kind of that we recognize that your choice between carbohydrates and fats is a fuel choice carbohydrates are actually the most risky of the fuels and you probably need to tailor that very precisely to your muscle needs fat is actually the safest of the fuel needs and that should round out your calories so that's the way I always think about it make your protein decision that's a major part of your nutrient decisions and where you're going to get your nutrient make a carbohydrate decision based on your muscle needs for physical activity and then the rest of your calories really come from fat you can also use protein to fill that in if you want to go higher I think a lot of people who are choosing a gram of protein per pound are actually choosing it to avoid carbohydrates I think that's a legitimate reason to do what as nothing to do with protein turnover but it has everything to do with body metabolism and I think that's a legitimate reason the reason I ask this question is because in one hand I think that we are seeing the protein conversation getting a lot of pushback we are seeing the New York Times you know we did an interview for the New York Times vanity fair you name it people are coming down hard on the increase in protein discussion that becomes thought provoking because if we were to say wait a second if you look at carbohydrates the same way the conversation would be different just even from a metabolic perspective here is a macro nutrient that you could arguably safely over consume it does not have the metabolic derangement associated with carbohydrates yet as I hear you know professors or end doctors talk about how our diet is wrong and that we can stop dressing about dietary protein I have to say I disagree and the reason is is because we don't fundamentally understand the big picture of how we should be eating and the importance of each macronutrient and what do I mean by this is that we have been over consuming carbohydrates for decades 74% of us are either over waiter obese we are eating a ultra processed high caloric dense diet and as we begin to have these messengers say we are stressing too much about protein it further distorts the message and I do have concerns about that hopefully I'm making this clear let's say someone who is over eating 300 grams of fat and they were in a ketogenic diet and their carbohydrates were controlled they probably would have a better metabolic profile than someone who is over eating 300 grams of carbohydrates so this is what I'm trying to do to concisely say with these different macronutrients we have this conversation and group of people that are demonizing protein telling us that we don't need to be quote stressing about it and saying all of these different things and yet we have a population that is grossly metabolically unhealthy the idea that people are stressing about it for me I interpret that as meaning while they're going out and buying all kinds of weird things and protein bars or shakes or free of mental asses and I don't really recommend the idea of that but I think that we do need to make a protein first decision we need to understand what that decision means what we know is that the food guy pyramid which said the worst thing in the world is the eat animal foods because of cholesterol and saturated fat was totally wrong that information was totally biased and totally made up and so what we did was distort the American diet by deluding the nutrient plummety with carbohydrates with grains and that caused people to eat more calories we know from a variety of research one of which is referred to as the protein leverage hypothesis that all animals, all humans, all people tend to eat toward a protein target we are eating toward a certain amount of protein maybe 16% or 14% of our calories maybe up to 20% that seems to be pretty consistent but when you fake people out with what are called ultra-process foods foods where we are deluding the nutrient quality with carbohydrates with grain products now we have fake protein is the most satiety in all proteins we get lost talking about protein and main body mass or protein and muscle mass but we forget that protein has a very high thermogenic effect protein has a very high satiety effect protein is metabolized carbohydrates in a very slower there is a lot of metabolic outcomes that are very beneficial with protein that aren't true of any other nutrient and so I think stress and now isn't the right term I would just say I think it's time we shift back to being protein conscious you know when I was a child growing up on a farm in the Midwest you know we were very protein conscious you know protein was a central part of our meal and then we sort of shifted away where we kind of got to a point where we treated protein as a garnish you know we would have big bowl pasta with a little bit of meat sauce and refer to that as protein you know I think that's where we lost the track we need to be protein focused with a logical concept of what we're achieving nutritionally based on that I'm going to play this other clip here so here's another myth that we need to bust so the myth part is that plants are missing amino acids they're not complete I'm sure everybody listening today is heard ki noa the only plant with all nine essential amino acids both yet so I don't know if you can look at my paper in your podcast or show it and I have it on my right later on the show note captions so we wrote a paper in 2019 and this actually was pretty fun for me it came from working with the chefs the chefs was stopped there the concept of complete and incomplete probably is a bit over-trafflated you know it's not necessarily a good term what it means is that the amino acid profile isn't the same what we know is that our protein we don't actually have a protein requirement we have a requirement for nine individual amino acids the call the essential or indispensable and so what we know is that they're perfectly balanced in animal products and they're not as well balanced in plant product and some plants such as ki noa is very low in sum of them for example if you compare a way protein which is the dairy protein with ki noa in the way protein the allucine the essential amino acids is 12% of way protein we're in ki noa is six so that means you'd have to twice as much ki noa protein so if you look at the protein we're using that way what you end up with is you can meet your protein requirement at a meal say 30 grams with about 23 grams of weight protein where it takes 45 grams of ki noa protein which is a thousand calories you know it's thousands of calories to do it so they're not incomplete meaning that the amino acid is there but they're not the right balance and in general animal proteins are about 50% essential amino acids will plant proteins are about 35% ranging from something like almonds which is quite low and only about 26% up to soy which is high and about 40%. So they just have a lot less essential amino acids in them which you know are early or common about the nitrogen balance data when you determine the nitrogen and extrapolate protein from it you're always going to over estimate the quantity of the protein in the plant sources because they have more non essential amino acids I knew a lot about this but to make a slide show for them that day I did something I had never done before and I got a whole bunch of foods and I plotted out the amounts of every single amino acid in the food in the proportions they were in. If you looked at that point eight grams for kilogram body weight per day and if you thought that exceeded the needs of some people it's it's plausible that a lot of people by that calculation need 40 grams of protein a day which sounds I'm sure very little and I'm only bringing that up because there's 20 amino acids. And I would assume the average person would think well if if I needed 40 and there's 20 amino acids I would need two grams of every amino acid and that is totally not the way it works it actually works more like a board game of scrabble. So when you're drawing there's a hundred scrabble letters in the bag and there's 26 letters in the alphabet and almost seems like there'd be four of each letter in the bag but y'all know there's only one z and one y and one x and it is two wise. There's a crap ton of ease and ends and ours and your amino acids are just like that so you need a crap ton of lysine and losing and you need very little the thine and are just. So it was really fun in putting these graphics together I said here's eggs here's beef here's salmon here's pork. Get ready because I'm going to show you beans and rice and grains and fruit and I'm focusing on proportion I will say per calorie meat has more protein than plants. And just in terms of calories but proportion wise one of the misses the missing amino acids are the incomplete ones because if you make a graphic out of this you will see. All plants have all god damn 20 amino acids they all have lysine they all have methine and insisting and the idea that they're missing is wrong the idea that you have to compliment your beans and grains is wrong unless you're getting very little protein at that point. It is important to compliment them but it's really not hard to get a lot of amino acids you mentioned the quality of your protein you're getting 175 grams of protein a day quality doesn't matter who you like you match your your needs. At 60 or 70 grams and I think you're converting the rest of carbs so I mean so that's the point we made earlier that he's saying that in the first 60 you don't convert any of it the carbs and only the last 100 did he convert that simply not true he converts all of it whether it's gardener 60 grams or whether it's your ruins 175 they both converted all to carbohydrates and fats I mean every day so that's just a that's just a gross misunderstanding of me. I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors and that's our place I'd also like to acknowledge my mom jokes that are coming in hot about my old pan it was so toxic even my veggies wanted to detox after dinner. Seriously non-stick cookware is still used very convenient but it comes at a cost non-stick contains harmful chemicals like teflon and other PFAS which can reach into your food in our home We use our place which is toxin three high performance cookware and appliances designed for safer simpler use the hidden dangers of traditional nonstick cookware is loaded with forever chemicals dump them it is not worth it if you want to start somewhere start with the four piece cookware set It is your best way to overhaul that kitchen stop cooking with toxic cookware stop spending time with toxic people upgrade your place today Visit from our place dot com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor line for 10% off Stight wide that's 10% off site wide with a hundred day risk free trial free shipping free returns You will experience a game changing cookware. So gardeners combat was comparing protein to protein But you know beans have four full car behind rates to program of protein. So it's not an equal calorie density You have to eat a ton of beans to get to the protein when you say a ton of beans to get to the protein Again, we'll listen to what Andrew replies and then Chris is response but you calculated it's 420 almonds for the amino acid equivalent of a chicken breast and again If you are new to this podcast, I apologize it. This is your first one. Dr. Donald Laman is my longtime best friend and mentor the protein conversation becomes incredibly important if you want to age well if you want to have a healthy metabolism The information online and out there is extremely difficult to sort through and by having a foundational understanding As to how you cognitively approach it can be very beneficial because then you can make good decisions and so it's really a shame that the sort of the quality thing is like oh plant foods Don't have quality protein. They're missing amino acids. So if I can add that to the pool so the two standar Variations no place to store it and plants are better sources of protein than most people think and so that's why there are vegan bodybuilders You can win a gold medal in a bodybuilding competition strictly on plant proteins because they're not missing So if I could just help dispel that myth they're not missing they're not absent There is something to the proportions of protein. So if you were to see the grid of the heat map of amino acids that I'll share with you later I looked at this prior to this and I will say that the proportions of let's just concentrate on losing For how since most listeners will be familiar with losing as kind of the critical one for muscle building I got that in error quotes for those just listening what how does how did the different sources for protein play out in that case? Almost identical all the way down the list of foods that I have Loosen is not a problem in plant food. I'm just gonna pause him out there John Laman because you didn't I I'm just gonna put a little I don't know check mark on that I'll let him play as you know see us to say after that and I just Interjected for you hold on. Let's see what else yes I the prominent plant food is it's low and lysine for grains and it's low in methionine for beans I'm just gonna call it limiting amino acids because they would run out for if you only eight grains Are you only eight beans they would run out first and then you'd be screwed you can't actually substitute another amino acid for a hormone or an enzyme You have to have all the amino acids in the proportions you want and that's where the complimentary thing came in because Grains although they're low and lysine are a little high in methionine and beans which are low in methionine are a little high in lysine if you ate them together it would be closer So their proportions in meat it's still meat would still be better It has like because animals or animals and were animals The proportions are are perfect in animals but what most people in this conference where I presented to the chefs that like jaws run the floor like Seriously the proportions are that similar God that is mind boggling that they're that similar. I really is not perfect was this Made equivalent for calories was it a hundred calories of these first portion this is proportion proportion But if I took let's just say a hundred calories which just for sake of example and we took your chart Which shows and I again I looked at this prior to our conversation today and it did Hit me square in the face that like all these plant sources have a lot of They have all the different amino acids that beef does in different proportions, but they have them But if we said okay now we're gonna make that chart of for a hundred calories of food So it's either hundred calories of rib eye or a hundred calories of red beans or a hundred calories of quinoa You get the idea absolutely. That's why for the next slide when I give these presentations my next slide is a hundred calories of 20 food we didn't plan that folks so it shows like for black beans 2.5 cups would be 40 grams of protein For soybeans two cups would be 40 grams of protein for rice like 20 cups of Rice would be 40 grams of protein his comparisons are right But what's the meaning of 40 grams of protein at the very least we think it's probably double that that people need at least 80 if not a hundred as the minimum and so You know 40 is two and a half cups of black beans that means you actually have to have six cups of black beans to get into same category So Andrew's comments earlier about you know I simply don't want to eat I don't feel good eating that much fiber They're absolutely you can get the amino acids from plants But it always comes with more total protein and more total calories to get to it He's picking the numbers to make it look similar But what's the meaning of 40 grams of protein that's a new relevant number? I was surprised by that comment because it It's not it's almost as if you know when you look at the back of a label and it gives you a protein number and Say for example, it's collagen and it says 40 grams of protein on the label But really that protein score is zero because it it it's not an indicator of the quality or the amino acid profile And I understand that that would be very difficult to do which is part of what the initiative that you're working on with the E a nine is that is surprising That he would make a statement somewhat misleading and I don't know if I'm misinterpreting it But to say that the 40 grams of protein from beans is this aim is the 40 grams of protein protein from a chicken I'm not sure that I'm totally understanding that I mean one of the examples that we've used in papers and others is that if you take the RDA for protein as your target you can meet the RDA with chicken breast with three and a half ounces if you're going to do that with all men's Which some people will say is great protein source it would take 420 all-mits I mean that's over 50 grams of fiber and it's pretty disruptive to the GI system So you know the plants have the amino acids, but to make it equivalent you have to eat a lot more of it and and that you know That's why most vegetarians or vegans tend to be low protein and so I understand his is goal is to make the RDA look like the target But nobody who works in the protein field believes that everybody who works in the protein field believes the target is something above 1.2 and is combat to Andrew was that 175 grams of protein per day the protein quality doesn't matter I think that's exactly true if you get up in the hundred 120 grams of protein per day Now the fact that it comes a lot of a comes from plants doesn't matter But we know and we've done some modeling that as you go down toward the the RDA you will become deficient As sexual needle acid the amount of the quantity by it far is the first most important and then quality become second is there a number that you would feel comfortable with individuals having let's take a 45 year old 50 year old postmenopausal woman What is the minimum number of protein the amount of protein that she should have a day? The minimum amount should be at a 1.2 grams per kg But what about a thing? I have it I have it on this and most of our studies were related to weight loss and people who had some metabolic issues we found that we lost all of the metabolic benefits if we got the 100 grams per day That's what I was going on Yeah, so I mean you've heard me say that before and sure But we always found that if people got the 100 grams per day the metabolic benefits you get with protein the Satiety the thermogenesis the protein the muscle aspects We would lose all of those the effect on insulin sensitivity The effects on triglycerides all of those seem to have a buffer around the 100 grams per day curious is to how you were able to parse that out the The number of a hundred grams per day so we were doing weight food records a lot of the stuff that's in the literature or food frequency Questionnaires and things like that we did three studies the first study was 12 weeks long and we actually fed every meal The second study was 16 weeks long We fed all the meals for the first month and taught them how to weigh them and they had to do weight records three days every week for the 16 weeks the third study was 12 months long Where we taught them to do that and they had to do weight food records three days every week for 52 weeks what we saw is that the effectiveness of the diets when we started looking at the individuals People who weren't doing well the protein intake had slipped down people who were doing better Were above the 100 grams per day so it was something we saw within our data set There are a few other things I really wanted to touch on The upper limit of protein he makes a point by saying there's no storage mechanism for excess protein. I don't Completely understand the argument. I'm not sure that it matters Why there isn't a storage component for protein because protein is so valuable to the body Just a interrupt you there so that the whole argument is based on amino acid oxidation data Or even the nitrogen balance data what they are is great point analysis that you have If you're you know direct amino acid oxidation data if you begin to bring protein into the diet from zero What you'll find is oxidation is very low up to a point and then all of a sudden it goes up And so the argument is that at that great point you're now oxidizing you're wasting the amino acids But if you actually go back and look at the data and people like Alharper and Brooks and others have done this if you go back and actually look at the data They're only recovering about 15% of the amino acids with that oxidation So that means 75 80% of the amino acids are still not accounted for so the idea that you're wasting all the rest of it is a total Extrapulation from the graph that doesn't actually reflect the data so that is you know inherent problem with all of these Interpretations of storage and waste each again every amino acid you eat every day has to be oxidized every day Doesn't matter when you're eating 16 160 they still get oxidized So let's think about the complementary protein. We did a study that we published last year The journal the the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and Basically we took meals directly out of my plate the USDA guidelines and we took a meal that started out with a meal that had some Chocowalnuts and Chicken breast dinner and it was basically meeting the essential amino acid requirements With 260 calories and then we looked at starting the substitute plant things that into it So if we kept the walnuts so a plant based and we substituted in substituted in what are complementary proteins We used kidney beans which was two and a half cups and Brown rice which was two and a half cups so all perfectly good nutrition We now have met the 95% of our essential amino acids But we now have 1150 calories so we went from meeting our essential amino acid content with the chicken breast and 260 calories We can meet it with the complementary proteins but it took a 1150 calories to do it So the issue is complementary Proteins of amino acids are true But the nutrient density of those foods is so low and you just have to eat too many calories to get to it Don't I I feel like we're on jeopardy What is the relevance of essential amino acid supplementation and I'm gonna frame this up for you a friend of mine who's been doing three-day fast said gee I am fasting for three days, but I've been taking these amino acids And I thought to myself okay, well then you're not actually fasting out there on the internet There's a lot of amino acid supplementation It shows on the packaging that those Supplements have zero calories even though they're complete proteins If someone were to take that would they essentially still be fasting? They're fasting and then they are using a amino acid supplement Which is a full spectrum complete amino acid profile You know on the surface level of what you just said at highlights a real problem in our labeling laws amino acids were never Expected to be a major supplement and so they were approved on what's referred to as the grass list generally recognized as safe as a supplement where people might use Sistine as an antioxidant or something but now people are putting in all these Sexual amino acids and the labeling laws says when amino acid is a three amino acid You don't have to count the calories on the label So somebody could put in 10 Grounds of amino acids which would be 40 calories and say it's zero calories or Worship 20 grams and say it was zero calories You know even though it would have 80 calories in it so your point is they're not really fasting It's like saying well I'm fasting, but I'm taking a Gatorade or something with sugar in it You know, I'm not chewing anything but I mean those amino acids all have calories So that's a problem with the labeling laws a really important point friends if you are taking a complete amino acid supplement In between meals or you are taking it While you are fasting technically you are no longer fasting is that fair to say yeah So what they just need to multiply whatever grams of amino acids they're taking times four they're taking that many calories One of the statements that you've said to me many times is how do you diagnose protein deficiency? It brings up a really important concept There's immediate deficiency and then there's life long deficiency Can you explain a little bit about how you think about protein deficiency? I hear people a lot of times use the nitrogen balance Are you meant the RDA and say well people don't have deficiencies and so then I start wondering well what Outcome are you looking for does it relate to heart disease or diabetes or or Cancer or Alzheimer's I mean what does it look at what do you relate it to so You know we did the clinical studies looking at weight loss and we know that higher protein diets are are very good at protecting body composition protecting lean master and weight loss So in my mind that means that the food guide pyramid Coineograms is actually protein deficient because we see as true benefit of higher levels We also know that you can substitute protein in for carbohydrates and you can reduce it insulin problem you can you can change diabetes or is that a protein problem But even simple things like osteoporosis so bone is first and foremost of protein matrix So our propine you know loss of muscle mass and functional mobility with aging you know these are these are Long-term outcomes that you can't measure in a three or four or six week study so You know how do you how do you assess a deficiency you know unlike a you know Screw me where you start having bone problems in a few weeks You know protein doesn't work like that it has much longer term effect so Nitrogen balance doesn't relate to anything and one of the markers people of the you saying our things like Rethrocycuitathione levels So here we have a relationship of protein particularly the sulfur needle acids to one of the primary Antion flammatory and mechanisms in the body and what we can see is that when protein gets too low Down toward the RDA those levels will go down to maximize mood of volume levels in Only results we need a minimum of 1.2 grams per kg protein you do that over time There are over deficiencies quashior core and Then there are subtle Differiencies and maybe deficiencies isn't the right word that we see over time what we don't have and what we don't see In the immediate Are those individual amino acid needs and then long-term outcomes for example what you just said methionine and glutathione production glutathione is a master antioxidant Very important our ability to make it seems to decrease as we get older yet we don't Say we have a methionine requirement for x y and z I just wanted to to mention that because it's important if you do that over time We can go through and we can talk about others. I mean we can talk about trictophane relative to Serotonin and your mute mood and sleep we could talk about 3 in need and gut help and Newson levels we could talk about federal aline and tyrosine to dopamine and cognitive function and memory These are all amino acid rules that have nothing to do with Storage or efficiency These are amino acid metabolism rules that are significantly above the army egg and what would happen if we don't Injust those or meet the RDA which we don't really know and that's one of the arguments I've been making is that I frankly think are RDAs for the essential amino acids are low But we know that if you are eating a primarily grain-based diet at the RDA You will be deficient in two or three of the essential amino acids and that's really what Americans do Americans get 80% of their plant-based protein from wheat and so wheat is a very poor quality protein so we always have to be careful When we talk about plant-based diets or vegetarian diets to realize that when Americans shift that way They shift toward grains. They don't shift toward eating more beans and chickpeas and almonds. They shift toward eating grains I see that in clinic all the time at our group and strong medical we see that I do want to play just maybe one more segment because I think it's important Americans eat more meat than anyone else in the world It is if you see these WHO World Health Organization graphics of who eats how much meat Is the U.S. in Canada and some European countries that eat the most and there are countries to eat the least And they have limited access to foods and some of those countries who benefit from more meat per person Because really they're eating cereal. They're eating dry cereal-based foods So his comment the Americans eat more meat than other countries All developmental countries do tend to eat more higher quality protein that seems to be a goal Be coming more economically advanced people want more protein But in terms of comparison All of the Mediterranean countries eat more protein that we do all of the Nordic countries eat more protein than we do Australia's more protein that we do so among the developed countries we're not particularly high in the list And we're actually particularly low in red meat consumption We have shifted sense, you know at this the seven days we shifted away from red meats toward chicken And we eat it in a lot of ultra-processed form so Meat consumption has stayed sort of constant in the U.S. but it's dramatically shifted from red meat to Chicken and there's no evidence that that has been healthy and in fact what we know is that the micro-dutrient quality Iron Zix selenium B6 B12 Rival flame then have all gone down in the American diet when we made that shift red meats have a lot more nutrient quality than white chicken breasts I Well, play anymore from this episode Really hoping that Andrew has you on the show because it would be a justice to everybody listening We've talked about a lot of things on this podcast today Things that are really important to understand at least to lay the foundation of a conversation and that includes Glitary protein how we think about Daily dietary protein and amounts and what the RDA really means and nitrogen balance studies In addition We have to acknowledge that there is a large safe range for protein from pointy grams per kg up to 2.5 grams per kg In addition the idea of protein storage What happens when you have more than you quote need all Our topics that are really important Dr. Donald Laman you are a true pioneer and so gracious there's a lot that we could continue to talk about And we will because we didn't even touch on collagen in any kind of detail But more to come on this thank you so much for spending time