Welcome to the Dr. Gabriel Lancho. In this episode, I sit down with one of my best friends, a world-class trainer and coach, Don Saladino. Not only is he incredibly fit and has taken care of and continues to train some of the biggest Hollywood stars, but this guy is a master in programming and an incredible business man. In this episode, we talk about how to design a program for fat loss if you are a beginner. We get tons of questions. We also talk about the three biggest mistakes to fat loss and thirdly does every little thing matter. What are the key factors that you should focus on for health, wellness, longevity and body composition? We talk about this and so much more. As always, I put out this content free. If you enjoy it, please take a moment to share it with a friend, subscribe, leave a comment, a rating. We create a ton of content for you and it means the world if you push that forward because remember friends together, we are forever strong. What's up friends? Did you hear the news? That's right. I'm hosting my first ever forever strong six week boot camp. What's a boot camp you're thinking? Well, this is going to get you leaner. Improve your metabolism. Help you move forward in your health and wellness goals. And you are going to do it with me and my team alongside real people for real results. What are you going to get? You're going to get workouts, meal planning. You're going to get my forever strong muscle centric training course. So much more. Most important, you're going to get support. It's never too late to start and the time to start is now. Head on over to my Instagram and DM me boot camp. I'm going to send you all the information. That's right. Head on over to my Instagram, DM me boot camp and I'm there to support you along with my team. It's a rock and roll friends. Don Saladino. Gabriella line. You are one of my best friends. I'm so grateful that I'm honored to be here. And it's just honestly like this the trip out here was not just about doing this. It was about seeing your husband or children. You and just it's fun. Just kind of rapping all that. It is. What are you doing? What are you ordering? It's just. We should tell people I really set you up. So you and I have known each other for about 10 years. We have been very close for almost a decade. Right. Not just through fitness and nutrition. But we've really gone through life. It's no family. Extraordinary. Yeah. And you are one of my most favorite people. And we're going to talk all about health wellness fitness. But the reality is if you guys don't know Don Saladino, you're always so humble. But you are extraordinary. You and your wife, Mal. Thank you. She's extraordinary. It's extraordinary people. So hopefully you guys will get a taste of not just health and wellness. But also who Don is as a human because you know my husband, he's a very good judge of character. We were up last night. I got a man crush on Shane. We were like sitting at the table talking about stuff. It's so funny. It's so interesting and so capable. One's amazing person. And I would say you are one of his most favorite people. That being said, I really set you up. Before dinner. We went to dinner. Oh my god. He's tiny number five. Yesterday, if you guys are in Houston and are looking for a great restaurant, tiny number five is farm to table. And so again, Don and I have been friends for a decade. And we really eat clean. We eat clean around the around and I was disappointed. I was still I'm jumping in. I was disappointed because I'm sitting there going all right. What you get a order? I'm just going to go times tail. No delay. Simple. Didn't really happen. You said you're going to order a protein style burger. And I was looking at you like you had nine heads. I'm like, who are you? Like, what are you talking about? We're really going to get a burger and fries. We're like, yeah, no, I'm just going to eat. I'm like, okay. And I've seen their taking 15 minutes ordering like apologizing to the waitress because I'm like, I'm so sorry for the changes. And then she's like, time's too. That was a full set up. I can't believe you. You even believe that. But well done sir. Well done. And Don Saladino. Just in case you guys know this, if you haven't read my book for Everstrong, Don wrote the training program and kicked off our Forever Strong Summit, which you will be doing every year hopefully. Every year and I haven't announced this, but we have two more books in the pipeline. I'm probably not supposed to be talking about that. But Don will be doing the training for both those. So I'm really excited. And I have to say your level of fitness puts everybody else to shame. That's that's nice to say. But you know, it's not if you guys are looking and watching him, his biceps are poking me in the eye. And oh my gosh, Matt, we did not do our prepodcast ritual. So I guess we're going to have to do it afterwards. Well, do it afterwards. Which involves post ritual. I've been here at all about this too. Which involves multiple pushups to Eminem. But we will be doing Maddie. Okay. Done. For the general population, we get so many questions about body composition. And the number one thing people want to know is what do they need to do to lose body fat? And again, you run multiple challenges, have so many different programs. And by the way, your clientele are some of the most famous people on the planet. So you can talk about the full spectrum from Ryan Reynolds, who I'm a huge fan of. If you're listening to this podcast, and if you're not, you should because you are probably deep funniest actor on the planet. The best. Ryan Reynolds Blake, lively, who else? Or any half away Emily Blunch, John Cresinsky. I mean, I won't name drop anymore, but there's the list goes on and listen, I've had a great career. It's interesting because it changed a lot. Right. I went from a trainer to a big box club to owning a golf performance facility, worked with a lot of rotational athletes, to then working with Hugh Jackman and getting people ready for the big screen. So you got to be malibulant business. And you got to this whole performance physique world is something I really fell in love with at a very young age because I want to perform like an athlete. But I want to look a certain way. And I want to, you know, I want to feel a certain way. And that's where what you do really comes in because without that, what are like the biceps or meaningless, right? Like we got to be healthy internally. So yeah, I think to answer your question of what do people need to do first off? I mean, we're all different in some people love this and some people don't love this. And I get confronted by a lot of people who say, time, I just want to want this. You mean want to get fit? Want to like, I just like for for people are like, oh god, I just wish I could wake up every day and be excited about going to the gym and be excited about eating right. And I'm like, oh my, listen, I'm more consistent in this than you know almost anyone any body. There are days I wake up and I don't the motivation might be, I don't believe that for one time. No, there days I wake up and you might be a little tired, you know, rough night sleep, yeah, travel. But the discipline never changes. It's like if you ask me would you rather motivation or discipline, I'd rather have the discipline piece because the discipline piece is going to allow me to push through those days that I don't feel motivated. So yeah, I made it the other day. I was on up and Newman's podcast and I think I haven't taken, you're going to laugh at like I haven't taken a day off. I don't mean I have my rest days. But I have not woken up since 1996 and said, oh, this is not a damn what a train. Like I always will go and do something. I'll find a way to be successful off. I'll leave. I'll leave feeling successful even if that's mobility. But I'm always keeping my eye on that discipline. And yes, I have cheat meals. And yes, I was an Austria a few weeks ago and I drank some beers and I do those things. But when I come home, it's businesses back on the plan and there's certain non-negotiables when I train. So I'm not expecting people to do that. But listen, we need training, right? And I think we need, you know, right around three days a week out of bare minimum, right? That being enough to change to lose body fat. And I think it would be. And I think that depending on your lifestyle, I'm not telling you for the other four days to go sit in the desk and not move or not be active. But if you got in and you did three days of resistance training and the other four days, you were active with steps and you were trying to get outside and you're hydrating and you're focusing on sleep and you're focusing on something that we love called protein, right? Never heard of it. Never heard of it. And trying to, the food I consume, I want it to be powerful, right? Like I'm not going to just eat like a chicken breast in some white rice. Which is the old school way to do things like, yes, we're going to have broccoli with it or we're going to mix like you're the way you eat or when you look in your fridge, very interesting and I love it. But it's very organized. It's very organized, but like you had your grass fed steak, you had, you know, some shrimp, you had some chicken, you had your potatoes, you had your rice, you had your vegetables and you had other things up top, your crowd, maybe your kimchi. Right, you know what is that? Yeah, we're looking at my food. Yeah, so like for fermented foods. And, you know, there was never, you were never sure to be able to consume something that was powerful. So I think there's a way to eat that's delicious. I think it does take a little discipline and a little planning. Like if you're going to wake up the next day and say, oh God, I slept in my meals already and when am I going to train? I never sleep in, right? Yeah, because I have a wish we do like little, little children who woke up and was like, where's Uncle Donnie? I missed that. But yeah, I think to answer your question, I think if you got in started with, you know, three, 20 to 30 minute sessions and the other day, it's not that long. It's not, it's not long. But then the other day is be active. Like like walk, take the stairs instead of the elevator, move like maybe after your meals go for a 10 minute walk. Doing these things that are really going to help you accumulate your steps and, you know, I think good things will happen and when good things start happening, then those magic words come in. It's like, all right, I'm seeing progress. What's next? So many people don't want to keep up with, you know, with that discipline because they're not seeing progress. So when you're doing something every day and there's nothing in return, it's really difficult to want to continue to do it. So that's my thing. If we could show them a little bit of progress, we're going to get them coming back a lot more. And progress begins, you know, there's the physical progress, but also being able to set a standard for yourself. You set a standard. You execute on that standard. If you were to say, if you're out there listening and you've never picked up a way, which I know some people are in that spot or maybe they've always been doing cardio because again, cardio is easy, jump on a piece of cardio equipment, but strength training is a non-negotiable for reducing body fat and changing body composition. Don has trained every type of person under the sun from famous people to athletes to tier one operators who we share together. If someone starts at 20 to 30 minutes of resistance training the three days a week, how should they think about it? Should be a Monday, Wednesday, Friday? What kind of it should be? How should they space it and would these be full body exercises? I like full bodies because now we're repeating what some frequency and I think someone who's getting started, the big complaint is, I don't want to feel too sore, right? Is that the big complaint? I'm like, how am I going to get really sore doing this? And I'm like, but so if you're turning around and you're training frequently, meaning like a Monday, Wednesday, Friday or Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, you're allowing yourself a rest day in between mentally we might develop some motivation which becomes a problem. When most people start training, they get so excited and they get overzealous and they jump in there and the next thing you know they're there for an hour and a half and then they're sore the next day and then they come back in and they do it again and then three, four days in they're like, I'm shot and I can't keep up with this and I'm like, I don't have that type of time and that motivation starts diminishing. So I want them to go in, I want them to hit it, I want them to leave there wanting more. Like, like leave there not being completely spent. And is that why you say start with 20 to 30 minutes because of 30 minutes, you could probably keep going. I can create any program for anybody. Like, if someone comes to me and they're like, I for some reason at 20 minutes, I lose motivation. I'll design for them the 18 minute workout. It's just, and I can design it in a way where we're going to check a lot of boxes. We're going to train the entire body. You're going to work, you know, you're going to work all five components of fitness, you know, is just strength, mobility, cardiovascular endurance, muscular endurance, muscular endurance, body composition. So, you know, all those five components, we're going to check those boxes with if we are, you know, training in a smart way and we're training in a very efficient way. But if you're coming in there and for a little silly pulling stuff out of the air, you're going to have a big problem. And there's not going to be any balance to your programming and you're going to over train certain areas of the body or some people don't like using the term over training, but you're going to overload certain areas of the body. And that could result in some issues in the future. And it's not a well balanced program. Not a well balanced program. But if you're training with a well balanced program, you're going to notice even postureally from a movement standpoint, you're just going to be in a much better place. I got some big news for you. I'm so excited to announce a partnership with quick silver scientific. Now, quick silver products, I have been using these for myself and in my clinical practice for years. So, when I finally had the opportunity to partner with them, I couldn't be more excited. Let me tell you about the three top products that I have been using for over six years. And they are thrivogen, nano-mojo, yeah, you heard it right, nano-mojo and life is almost good at the iron. These products are amazing. And here is why I love thrivogen, which is a woman-based formula. It has a ton of adaptogenic herbs, meaning things that help the body's resiliency. It has Ashwaganda, Rodeola, and many other herbs that help with resiliency, stress management, and overall energy, which is one reason why I love it. And it's in a formulation that allows for sublingual delivery, meaning you put it in your mouth, you hold it for 32, 60 seconds, and then you ingest it. It is been so helpful for me. And then the nano-mojo is a male-based formula. nano-mojo is absolutely incredible for guys that are really hard charging, and it really helps with resiliency, stress management, all of the things that I had mentioned earlier. These are two amazing products, and then of course there's life as a good at thion, or detoxification. If you have not tried any of these three products, you should go to Quick Silver, Scientific, Use the Code, Dr. Lyon, that's Quick Silver, Scientific, and Use the Code, Dr. Lyon for 15% off. Thank you to Shopify for sponsoring this episode of the show. Now wait, before you fast forward through this ad, think about it. If you are a small business owner or even a large business owner, or someone who wants to make their dreams a reality by selling something to the world, Shopify is your place. It is an online e-commerce site that allows the interface between the owner or the individual who is creating a product, and the consumer, a seamless transaction, what we call a point of sale. Why is this important? Because number one, many of us have things that we want to get out to the world, and frankly we don't know where to start. It seems very overwhelming. Shopify is an amazing way to get your product out to the world. And by the way, if you're a consumer, a guaranteed, you've been using Shopify. I know one of my best friends has an amazing company called Paper and Planko. I go to that website, I pick a notebook, I'm obsessed with notebooks, I put it into my cart, I check out. And by the way, it's easy, great customer service, and in part, that is due to the ease of Shopify. Shopify, quite frankly, is taking over the e-commerce site and space for both business owners and consumers. You can try your own Shopify account for a dollar. Go to Shopify.com slash doctor lion. That's right, Shopify.com slash doctor lion and start your trial for a dollar. Now back to the show. So take me through. I've never trained before. I'm starting with the 20 to 30 minutes, three days a week. I meet you at the barn, which is amazing. We start with some mobility or do we go, yeah, take me through. I'm still, listen, I'm a fan of mobility. I am. I will. It feels great. It feels great. I call practice. So what I'll do is I will personally screen someone. I'll run them through some type of a functional movement screening or if there is red flags. I've got a team of medical. I work with where they can come and do an SFM they or take them through their process. So once we understand how that person's moving, then I can design my practice or call what you want. Warm up movement, prep, pre-hat, whatever you want to call. I don't care. But like, then we can design that very simple approach based off of what it is that person needs. So if they're lacking an external rotation in the shoulder, you might work on that or thoracic extension or thoracic rotation. So it's very purposeful. I'm not going to take a woman who can twist her spine like gumpy and start working on open books. It's a useless movement for her. She doesn't need it. She might need to hang from a pull-up arm work on grip strength. I'm just making this up. But I think coming in and taking anywhere from three to five movements and just rolling through it to where your heart rate gets picked up. But we are practicing things that we want to get better at that I think becomes very, very important. And then, you know, it's how are we structuring the workout based off of their goals? And we designed you and I designed your foundation workout for exactly that. You guys listening. Again, there's been so many questions about how do I get started and what specifically do I have to do? Don and I created a workout for you. Hopefully it will be ready. We will link to it. We developed it. It's a three-day week. Dumball only program. Right. It's very, very simple. So we just not everyone has access to a gym and if you do, fantastic. So do you think that everyone at this day and age should have access to a gym? Um, you know what, it's, it's some people just aren't going to have the time. Right? It's like you have two kids at home. Like if I make the time, I make the time. You make, yes, yes, yes, you do. But like some people aren't going to have, you know, some people are going to have to be at work at a certain time. So I have no problem with you buying a pair of power blocks and getting an adjustable bench. You know that we have a pair? Are you going to see them in our program? I love them. I think it's like almost the, I think it's the ultimate in home tool. I agree. But you, you can buy a pair of power blocks getting the adjustable bench and your, you know, your, your nail. Yeah, you're, you're ready to go. You don't need much more as one of them is what I'm saying. So I don't want to discourage people who are like, listen, I have two kids I got to get on the bus and then I have to be at work at 9 a.m. Like, all right, you can't leave them home alone. Like, right, like, you know, you know, you get a, you know, you can't, you know, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't work out. That's not going to work out. Exactly. But you can't, what I'm saying, I think the dumbbell only program is allowing anyone to be successful. And then from that point, if you can get to the gym, yeah, that's why I'm here as a coach is to say, hey, listen, we don't have to do pullovers. We can go do a vertical pull, because you've access to a pull-up bar, a lap pull down or whatever it is, or yes, we have some pulling machines. Let's go have some fun with that. Let's add some variability. And so, you know, I think we're starting with the dumbbell only and then we can build from there. I love it. And when we think about exercises, specific exercises that we do, do you think that are a handful of exercises everybody should be able to do? Should we be squatting? Yeah. So as someone who is now going to start a dumbbell only program and we're just picking that for you guys. But the exercises that should be done, they should be able to squat. They should be able to press. How do we think about that? Yeah. So I like breaking it down. Like you've got your squat. You've got your hinge. What's the hinge? Hinge would be like your RDL. It would be something where you're getting less knee flexion out of. Is that where you bend your hinge you bend from your waist? Yeah. So like an RDL a good morning. Like you're a kettlebell swing, like a hinge. Even though a swing would be a little bit more, I think it advanced. If you got a newbie starting out, I'd be more interested in teaching them just how to do like a dowel hinge or maybe like a simple dumbbell R D L. So I like going with a squat a hinge and upper push and upper pull and it's a hinge push. Push. A pull. Is there a reason why it's in that order? No, you can go hinge squat. Pull push. I don't care. Yeah. I really don't care. I actually prefer like yes. If you wanted to varied up and start with the hinge at times like sometimes we're more focused in the beginning and sometimes we need to warm up a little bit more. Yeah. That's a good point. Praritize. Would you say that the more complicated the exercise the earlier on and should be done? I think so. So and I think yeah that my contract project a lot of like what CrossFit does but actually thing is a really good advice. Yeah but if we're teaching something like that's demanding a lot of power like a snatch, a clean you know something of that nature that's demanding a lot of speed. I'm like always programming that in the beginning because I want them to be alert. I want them to be fresh and I don't want them to be fatigued because once you start getting fatigued with those movements you begin to load this function and when you load this function bad things can happen. You're going to get hurt. Yeah. A squat or a hinge not necessarily squat. Yeah so it would be a squat a hinge. Okay. A push-up hole and a core movement. And a core movement. So what would be an example of each of those? So squat would be like a goblet squat. It could be a split squat. Which we did? Which we did? Which I which absolutely and I love the split squat because it's um it is um a unilateral movement and I categorize like split squats differently than the rear foot elevated. It's differently than front foot elevated. So those are three forms of split squats but I will program them all a bit differently. I'll I'll keep more of a vertical knee tibia if I am doing a split squat. A rear foot elevated split squat is definitely going to be more knee of a knee dominant movement and a front foot elevated split squat. I might be able to recruit the posterior chain a little bit more but I'm still keeping that vertical knee tib. So there's always a reasoning for why I'm putting something in the program but yeah I like balance. I like variability but I'm not going to start to begin around with a rear foot elevated split squat. It's a very difficult movement or requires a lot of balance and um you know I think but a body weight split squat is very safe. A goblet squat is very safe and there are times where we try and program that and it's not in the cards for the individual maybe because of some knee issues that they had in the past or balancing issues and then we figure out a call to regression or a lateralization to something else that they're going to be able to be successful with. So we've got those are our two so we've got the squat we've got the hinge which would be like let's just start with an RDL that's a Romanian deadlift. An upper push a push up something as symbols a push up or that's important right to be able to do push up and they don't even need a weight with a push up. I'm blown away by how many people are performing push up incorrectly right? No rep. Matt is the king of no rapping. But it's there's a push up is a moving plank. That's how I categorize it. It's like we're in a plank position so we're getting the benefits of a plank but we are moving so it's dynamic so when I get someone to push up I am trying to allow the create tension with the floor with their hands. I want them to squeeze or glutes. I want them to fire their lats and I want everything to raise and lower in one piece. I don't want their hips to stay down where you see people bobbing with their upper body and you're causing extension and lower back. It's just in my opinion there's a more efficient way to do it and people can still develop very strong physique by doing things inefficiently but I also believe in my opinion that when you do things inefficiently you're always in the potential of causing more risk. Injury. Over time. Could be. What about, okay, for the push up or a pushing motion we have a push up what else do we have with a bench press? Yeah we have a dumbbell. So we have a horizontal press or a vertical press is how I differentiate my my pressing so push up would be horizontal. A dumbbell flat bench press horizontal and inclined bench press horizontal. I see the dumbbell press vertical. A land-mind press vertical like a cannibal bottom up press vertical so like there's a handstand push-up vertical like there's different levels of a difficulty that we can assign to people. And then we have, so we have the squat hinge, the push the pull. And then we got our core movement. And we talked about, do we talk about the pull? No, okay. What are the exercises for the new be listening that want to include a pull? And again squat push pull core you do this three times a week. Yeah, because now we're accumulating some volume over three days. So we're in body building terms, someone would go in and let's just say this. Let's say they, let's see someone does legs on Monday. No, no, no, chest, it's universal chest. I purposely said legs just because I'm like, I always do legs on my, okay, let's say someone does chest on Monday and let's say they accumulate 14 sets of their chest work. And we also have to talk about set and rep range. 12 sets, 14 sets, whatever. I think your sets are all dictated by your intensity. So when I say 16 sets of chest, you can get a chest workout done in seven working sets, six working sets. How hard are you going to go? Less, right? So if you're doing, let's just say 16 sets for the sake of math. We can do 16 sets in one day or we can do four sets a day over four days. We're still accumulating more 16 sets. So like what I'm what I'm doing is we're training for different things. If someone's a body builder, yeah, we may want to go with a little more volume or intensity or maybe we may want to train a little bit more frequently during the week. If I'm working with someone for performance or I'm trying to get the moving and they just want like a strong build and they want to be lean and they want to be athletic, you know, I, these full body workouts, I think are a great approach and there's so many different ways I could structure them. I could still focus on strength and power. I could still do circuit work, right? I could still set them up in different ways and they're efficient. So I think when we don't have time, the full body workouts are a good way to check a lot of boxes. I think they're great. I in fact the program that we created, I'm going to be using because we're, you know, I'm managing some of these injuries and again, you can still make body composition improvements by just being consistent and and again, you can change it for if someone is moderately trained or more advanced, you would increase the either volume or intensity, which would you think is more important for body composition changes? Specifically that loss. Yeah, you know what? I would have to look at training age first. So if someone is new to training, if I'm coming in with an intensity approach in my opinion, most people are not going to be able to stabilize and maintain. I mean, if I had my wish out of it, I mean, I would balance out between some volume work and dropping down volume and raising intensity. I think it is, it's been my approach, my entire career. I will set my training up in the different blocks, blocks of like two months, right? Where is that how anyone to do it? No, no, this is just just how I, this is how I do it. So I'll set up like January and February will be the same program, but I'll have progressions every two weeks and the exercises will change in February and then March will come. Yeah, yeah, I mean, listen, I've got to pay a tag like during, I'm a hack hockey player really, let me be, be clear, but if you're playing three, four days a week, you know, you want to be careful about how you load the spine, you want to be careful about specific movements that you're doing, like your body is could potentially, you know, it could take a toll on your on your body. So I think exercise selection is important and I think is intensity is important when you're playing that much. Then when you scale off, I think it's a time that puts your foot on the gas in certain areas and maybe start focusing on a little more strength and power and you get a little bit more aggressive with certain things, but all throughout the year for me, it's like those workouts start with that practice portion and that's what allows me to feel very lost. I like that term, I don't like it, it's a fun term to use and it's not a scientific term, it's be very clear here, but it just feel more, feel more flossed and feel more loose and feel more recovered. The pull for the beginner, what are the best pull movements that again, you know, you and I talk, we're really training for longevity, even and everybody should, whether they're a military operator or an actor, it's your body's your tool. Resilience in, yeah. Exactly. What are some of the key pulling exercises that you like? Yeah, I'll break it down from like a vertical pull or horizontal pull, so it's no different than the pressing, vertical pull can be your pull-up chin-up, neutral grip pull-up, lap pull down, right? Like that's your vertical pulling, right? You're pulling high down and your horizontal pull could be like you're one arm, dumbbell row, your chest support or row, your face pull, right? Some with equipment, some with dumbbell, some with machines, it's, you know, if you have access to that equipment, I'm all for you, you know, have fun with your training also. Like if you're getting in and you're training at home all the time and you're bored and you're just like, oh, you know, don't and Gabrielle wrote me the Stumbelt wrote the Stumbelt program and I'm just getting bored of it, like go to a gym, get some variability, like have fun with your training, like going there and, you know, don't make it miserable, like I want you to enjoy it. I have a question that I don't know the answer to and you might not know the answer to this. Probably not. But this is so fun having you on the podcast. Where did these exercises come from? I mean, who invented, I mean, just think about it. We create these programs and then we continue them a squat make sense because that's something that my kid could do. But where do we, where did one determine that a pull is important? I mean, a pull-up would make sense, but some of these exercises have you ever thought about who developed them or what? Yeah, I mean, and I think we have a few names for a few of the movements out there, right? But I mean, people are inventing crap today. They're just like throwing a name on it and you say to yourself, well, obviously through social media and through the reach that we have, I think these things are so much more visible and fitness now is so much more accepted than it was, you know, even back in the 60s and 70s. Like that was fit that people who are fit, Jacqueline, I'll never forget it. Like I was, I trained with him once. Yeah. So he was, he came into Goldschirm. I want to say it was either as 90th birthday or Goldschirm's, like 130th birthday and they had Jacqueline kind of walking into the gym and he looked at me. I was in a sleeve of shirt and he's like, let's get me on camera with that kid. So I ended up working out with him and you know, he was 90 years old. He was in Climb Press in 55 pound dumbbells. And I got to sit with him and hear a story a bit. And when he passed, I was invited by his wife, a lane, her name was Elaine Lollane, right? And down we went to the Tribeca, one of the Tribeca theaters and I sat through this documentary. I got to be honest, I was Terry I'd most of the time because this guy, people were, he was like, back in the days, like, you know, I'm mixing all these fruits and vegetables in this blender and blending them together, people are like, this guy's crazy and he's, you know, pulling a bar, she's swimming and he's pulling this humongous barge and he's doing all these feats and he is really one of the people that kind of set the standard and I think kind of, yeah, in a way normalized, like, what it is, we all go to now moving weights and moving and I think it's such a beautiful thing. But when you turn around and you look at these exercises, some of these exercises have been around for centuries. I mean, thousands of years, like there have been people doing some of these movements and, you know, once in a while, you'll be able to find a picture of a physique from 100 years ago and you're like, oh my god, like he's obviously nanny, like he looks amazing, like, but it's cool to see that, it's cool for me to see it. But nowadays, like, yeah, like, you look at the RGL, like, it's a hinge, like, people have been hinging forever and suddenly someone's like, oh, we're going to call this stuff Romanian deadlift or, you know, it's like, there are movements that again, have been around for a really long time. The pull-up, like, oh, wow, that's a real scientific name, like, someone's hanging from the bar, like pull yourself up, like we're calling that the pull-up, like, it's probably how it literally happened and then we just hung with these things and now you see all these sports scientists now researching and trying to find out other ways to do things more efficiently. But I also, it's interesting about a lot of this research is we've all seen research that have been published and, you know, you've seen it then contradicted, you know, decades later and, yes, there's certain research papers that we'll, you know, even explain. Yeah, that you'll look at and you're like, oh, this is solid, but, you know, I also look at specific experts in our field that have been doing this stuff for 20, 25, 30, 35 years and there's some of the best research experts without having things published. Exactly who you're referencing. Yeah, so it's amazing. For me, that's, for me, that's impressive, like, just because a paper might come out and, it might say, well, there's no evidence that mobility is helpful. Well, this guy's been doing it for 30 years and this guy now is 70 years old and he moves beautifully. My evidence is going to push myself in that direction or sometimes it takes time for evidence to catch up with. Yeah. But we know or hypothesis. The, we talked about squat, push, pull, core exercises. Yes. Tell me how important those are for a beginner and what we should be doing. Because I remember I went on a good morning, America and I called her, I'm like, don't, they want me to do exercise. I'm like, you remember this? Yes. And I was like, here's what I'm thinking for the core exercises. I went, blah, blah, blah, sit up and you're like, oh, no, we're not doing this. So explain to us good core exercises and you want. Yeah, I mean, I want to be clear the situps been around for a long time and there are plenty of people that can do situps and never have back issues. I'm just, when I, but maybe it's not the, I mean, yeah. So the reason why I don't program it is because, you know, statistically, a lot of people have sore backs and a lot of people are sitting in this position. You're in this chyphotic position all day and and just adding, I think that flexion, you know, under strain can be, could be detrimental, right? So I'm a, I'm a huge fan of one arm carries or some type of one arm. As a core exercise. Yeah. Like, because always core exercise, we think that we're going to be laying on our back, right? We're doing situps or, you know, Matt over there doing flutter kicks, but now. Some of the strongest people I've worked with, they have, you know, we have assigned, you know, carry variations into their training diet and they've had an incredible level of success with it. I mean, they're so much benefit. There's so much bang for their buck out of that movement. And you know what, like, well, I've seen as a rehab tool. I've seen Dr. Charlie Wynegrov, you know, post surgery, bring someone in and it's a very whether it's shoulder surgery or whatever it might be, you know, starting them with a weight down low is going to be a lot safer than getting them up in this position here. So, you know, I've seen this uses a rehab tool from medical professionals, very successful. I've seen it used. And a core stability, your number one exercise is a, is it, would it be called an offset carry? It's just a one arm. Yeah. I mean, I mean, some form of a carry pending on, you know, what they're capable of doing, but I love one arm carries. Planck sir, I think I think a great introductory movement. I think get teaching someone to get into a plank position and create tension, these tension techniques, getting into position and say, listen, we're not going to hang out in this extended position. Squeeze your glutes, squeeze your legs, squeeze your legs, you want something yesterday about a plank. It was, it's not about the length of time that you can hold a plank as an individual could lay. But tension, yeah. But you said that it was about creating tension and being able to hold the quality of the plank under tension. Right. And that I thought was a really good learning tip. I think it's a great way to kind of supercharge your plank a bit, right? Where most people I could hold a plank for eight minutes. I create like, there's trust me, there's plenty of strength carry over from that. But when I see most people holding those positions, they're in a bad position. And they might be loading themselves in a way that I don't think is, I believe in my opinion isn't the safest thing for for them. So, I think teaching them how to do a hard-style tension technique plank for 10 to 20 seconds, where I'm literally like telling them, envision a tornado is blowing over you right now as you're in this plank position. What are you going to do? How are you going to stabilize? So like, well, I'm going to try and rip the floor apart to stabilize and going to exactly. Are your glutes going to be tight? They're like, yeah, you should trip position going to be packed. Yeah. It's like I'm moving around them trying to like palpate their body, trying to move them a little bit. They're just literally shaking within 10 to 20 seconds. And I submit, they're really an isometric hold. Exactly. And how many reps would they or how many yeah, would it be considered a wrap? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would put them maybe under time. Like, so I would start someone off like, hey, listen, let's see if you can hold that position because I put people in the positions and they're like, I can't hold a plank and I'm like, okay, we're going to work up to that. And then there's other things like, yeah, they get they can't hold a plank, which I've seen. We can hold a light dumbbell with two hands. How late are we talking? As light as we have to go to we're adding external resistance to the equipment. We want people to get under load. We want them to get under load. And I think that that's probably one of the biggest misconceptions for people is they'll say, well, you know, I can't lift that. That's too heavy. It might be a 10 or 15 pound weight, but that's a problem in my opinion. But I think it's just a thought process because you could go lift your child or a suitcase and it's going to be a groceries. That's right. It's going to be much heavier than that. That's a good process. How about this? I'm traveling this afternoon. We got a suitcase that we're carrying. That suitcase is going to weigh a lot more than two pounds. Like you better make sure you're able to carry this up. I'll quote recently. I was listening to a physical therapist talk about the one arm carry and how he likes loading it's so heavy that he's like, if you can do a shrug with it, like it's too light type of thing. Right? So I thought that was a really good indicator, but I also understand I am not taking a newbie into the gym on day one when they're feeling vulnerable or they don't have that foundation. And I'm turning like, hey, Mrs. Smith, like you haven't trained in 40 years or ever. Like let's go for a grab at 24 kilogram kettlebell and go for walk-doried if it's heavy. Like God forbid something happens. Like we have to develop that confidence, whether she can do it or not, we have to develop that confidence. I want them to turn to me and I want people to feel empowered when they come in to exercise. And when they go and they play with their kids, I want them to feel empowered. We saw a woman that you know the day in her 60s. She was killing in the gym. Hilling it. Hilling it. And you know what? Most 20, 25 you're like, guys, she's stronger than me. She's my size. She's stronger than me. Sled pulling, sled pushing, sweating out of breath. Walks by me, gives me like a fizz on my god. Who is this superwoman over here? She runs ultra. Yeah, it's a press. And now we've just- And she moves well. There's not too many people who run ultra is where I'm like, wow, they move really well. Yeah, she moves really well. Yeah. And then so basically for fat loss, it's enough. And you know, I say fat loss and body, you know, recomposition this essentially would be enough for a untrained person to begin to put on skeletal muscle mass. Yes. You know what's cool about this? It's, you could take a newbie in here, I call him newbies. And you can run them through this slowly. As individual movements, taking time, talking them through it, holding their hand a bit. I can come into this work out right now. And this is not the way that I'm training right now. And we're going to talk about the way that you're training. Sure. Sure. You, again, I've known you for so long. There's a lot of complexities to your training and a lot of things that you add in that I think are really, really cool. Thank you. The rep range and tempo and time between sets for an individual who's just starting. Take us through where we should start to think about it. I think an individual just starting should monitor their rest time because a lot of times they're going to come to me and say, wow, it was weaker today. And I'm like, well, why are you weaker? Maybe on session week one, you were taking three minutes in between your sets. And maybe this week you're only taking a minute. Like in my opinion, you might not be weaker. You just might not be recovered. So I think by monitoring your rest time, that's important because suddenly I can bring a woman into the gym and we can go through dumbbell bench presses and maybe she's bench pressing 20 pounds in each hand and we're resting 60 to 90 seconds. Then the next week I come in for some reason. I'm just making this up. We decide to rest 30 seconds. Probably not pressing those 20s. But she's going to look at me and go, what the hell's wrong with me? Why am I going to get past the 15s? Why? So I think understanding that your rest is going to have a lot to do with your success with each set. And I do believe that when we're starting with someone new, I like starting with a higher rep range because I consider that practice. And I think they start understanding tempos. If I'm going to get a newbie in there and have them do five. Right? Five repetitions. We're practicing five reps. The amount of load I have to add to the bar is going to be a little bit greater than what I want them to do. I would like them to start with a little bit lighter weight. I'd like them to understand the movement pattern. I'd like them to practice and get connected with that movement. That's why I'm not against, you know, even someone new with them. Machines are bad. Machines can be a great great variable sometimes. It's like, all right, well, maybe we're so fatigued. If we are training to for high-perchrophy that at a certain point safety becomes an issue and now that we're on a machine, we can really push without having to require all that neuromuscular coordination and all that stability. Suddenly we can get on that machine and we can push. Or if someone is, I put people down on dumbbells to do dumbbell flat presses and they're like, whoa, safety's a problem here. Like, oh my god, they can hurt themselves. They can hurt someone else around them. Like, they don't understand that movement pattern. Get them to a machine chest press to where you can be on one of those things drunk and you can, you know, you can literally not not never try that. But I've never tried that drunk. You get what I'm saying. I think there is a place for a lot of these things. So to answer your question, I would like you to monitor rest time. See how you're feeling well. How long do you think for an individual starting? How long should they be resting? I think any more from 60 to 90 seconds considering we're not getting under heavy loads. I think is really conservative. I think that's a really conservative place to be. There's some people who are going to grab weights. They might be so fatigued that going in the next set. They're like, oh my god, I need more rest. Stretch out to 90 seconds. And you know what if they're still fatigued? Go to two minutes, you know, log it. If you're tracking it, track it because we can change a program stimulus by leaving the sets and reps the same, but almost progressing the rest times. You're saying something very smart here. It's all about the adaptation that we're looking for. We focus a lot on what is the individual exercise? And the reason I'm covering individual exercises isn't because so much that it's that specific exercise not to confuse people, but the movements are important, but it's the stimulus that we're after. And you have taught me a lot about how we can change the stimulus, whether it is volume intensity, rest times while doing the same program. You know, I, you know, I, I learned that for I stole that information from this old bodybuilding coach named Vinstoranda. And I remember reading about this guy probably when I started coaching in the late 90s. And it was interesting because I went back to some of his training methods when I broke ribs or I injured my shoulder and suddenly I couldn't get under heavy loads anymore. So as a young trainee, you're like, okay, well, can't bench press 225 right now. What do I do? And you're like, all right, we'll get on the, you know, in Climpress and press 8 sets 8. And we're going to do that on 45 seconds for rest for two weeks. And then two weeks later, we're going to do that on 30 seconds for rest. And then two weeks later, we're going to do that on 20 seconds for rest. And suddenly loads that were so light to begin with are feeling heavier than that 225. And you're just creating the stimulus and you're sweating and you're feeling successful. So I believe that we go to these, we can go to these tools when, you know, life throws us a curveball or a speed bump. Mm. I, I really like that. Thank you to Apollo, Nuro for sponsoring this episode of the show. I have been using the Apollo wearable for quite some time. You might see me in my stories where a tiny little square device, sometimes I wear it on my wrist, sometimes I wear it on my ankle. And here's why I love the Apollo. Number one, it is a tiny little device that sends small vibrations throughout my body. So I put it on my wrist. It almost is like a tiny little tapping and you can adjust the intensity and duration. There are multiple different programs and here's why I think just you try it. It helps regulate your nervous system. There is a lot coming at us, whether it's our phones or demands and the Apollo wearable allows me to almost, I don't know, reset my nervous system. I think that there's a lot of great science behind it. It is a safe, effective, non-stimulant, non-medication way to manage your nervous system. It helps with my heart rate variability. It can help me with sleep. It helps people with anxiety. It was created by a psychiatrist with whom I trust. Dave would love to have you on the show. It's really amazing. And if you are going to add one thing to your regimen that is non-supplement, I highly recommend that it's this. Go to ApolloNero.com. That's ApolloNero.com. Use the code Dr. Lion for 15% off. That's Dr. Lion for 15% off. Now back to the show. The 60 to 90 second rest that's in between, for example, our hinge or our squat. So we'll do how many reps are we starting with 15 to 20? I think 15 is a good number and I think at the very least that goblet squat can become a bodyweight squat. I actually think that goblet squat can get a little easier in the bodyweight squat because even if you put a light dumbbell or a light kettlebell someone's hand you're allowing that core activation. It's acting as a counterbalance. And you know, I've tried to have people squat and they're going on their toes and I'm like, all right, let's put this box down. I teach them how to kind of sit back on the box to where they're learning how to use their glutes a bit more and be a little less knee dominant. And that's how I would approach it. But don't feel that just because it says goblet squat doesn't mean we can't call that a realization work on those bodyweight squats. Bodyweight squats like pushups and pullups. I think are these foundational movements that we should work on. And how fast do we progress? So right now we're doing a repetition range of five to 15. Oh, 15. Sorry, 15 to 20 reps. We're doing 60 to 90 seconds in between two to three sets, right? You can ask you how many sets? Two to three sets is a good place to start. Again, we want them to feel successful. We want them to get out of the gym, you know, in a good amount of time so they can come back in and be hungry to come back in. Again, I'm trying to build this level of consistency and I'm trying to, you know, remove that vulnerability. A lot of people feel when they're grabbing a dumbbell or they're going to gym and they're around people. And the first couple weeks is all neuromuscular connection. It's all central nervous system. Yeah, learning the patty listen. It'll take longer than that. I mean, this is this is an art like the strength is uh strength. I love that line strength as a skill. Like we just develop these skills as we get more and more reps in. So I'm not going to say like two weeks, you're going to be great. Like now, like we need to put time in, but we could start progressing. I think two to three weeks, we could start progressing. And when like when do I like to change a program? First, when it's when we feel like it stops working, like when someone's going in there and they've been seeing progress and then suddenly they stop seeing progress, I'm like, all right, let's pull some new tools out of the tool bag. But different than changing the rep range, changing the, the, uh, actually, and talk about tempo either. Well, yeah, we'll get to tempo. This is actually, like you can run this template for I know people who are incredible shape that run full bodies all the time. And there's so much variability. Suddenly now, like that hinge can become a trap our deadlift. It can become a conventional deadlift. It can become something ballistic, right? Like we could start getting into hand cleans. And we could start doing things or kind of all swings or kind of all snatches. And we can do things that are a little bit more advanced and technical. When we're not doing ballistic so and we're doing what we're talking about here, uh, tempo. I think, and we all count differently. But I think going into like a, like a one Mississippi 2, Mississippi 3, Mississippi up is, is solid or some people might do, um, to produce more high to purge if you may be a 2, 2, 10, but you're not getting that fast. But what's the 2, 2, 10 path? It might just be like one Mississippi 2, Mississippi 1, Mississippi 2, Mississippi. So notice how that tempo 4 seconds to do both reps. 4 seconds to do both. So I'm just a centric and easy. Yeah, so I'm making this up. So like right now, if we do that 3 second e-centric and we're explosive on the concentric, it still took us 4 seconds to do the rep. But I approached that set a little bit differently than if I did 2 seconds down in a slow controlled concentric. That both sets are both 4 seconds. But we, um, I might program those a bit differently. And how often should someone be thinking or changing up tempos? That's a good question. I don't think I have like a set, um, you know, I might change the tempos with, um, the training block, if someone's been training a certain way for a while and I feel like they're starting the tap out. Like, rarely do I like to change, um, tempos when they're in this honeymoon phase of like getting stronger, getting stronger, getting stronger, like someone's coming in and their squats going up and every week. They're like a newbie and they're getting stronger and they're excited. And I'm like, great, great, great. Like I'll save those tools for when I feel like their progress begins to plateau that I like that. Are there certain weights that people should increase by, for example? Is there any kind of standard that you increase your squat by 5 pounds? Yeah. It would be a week. Would it be a month? How do people? It's a great question. Like when you, when you turn around to a movement like a squat, you're going to be doing a heck of a lot more weight than someone's doing a side raise. So if I take a female and she's gobbled squatting 30, 40 pounds, which is very, you know, very, very normal thing to do. She's not side raise in 30 or 40 pounds. She might be side raising, you know, 5 to 10 pounds. This is a range. I'm not like, I'm saying, I'm just going to be in here. But I think the percentage increase on the side raise is going to be, you know, miniscule in comparison. There are all depends on all depends on the lift. Yeah, I think it really a lot of it depends on the lift. The squat and the deadlift, like I went up, I was traveling. I wasn't like today was the day where I was like, all right, I'm not going to go crazy heavy. So I went up to like, I think on the deadlift for a set of five, I want to say 420, right? But last week, I did 405. So 15 pound increase is significant. It's, it's a lot, but I'm ramping up my deadlift. So I'm in this phase right now where I'm leaving a lot in the tank. I'm not going to jump 15 pounds on a side raise or a bicep curl or a rear fly or an isolation movement, right? Like those are going to be much more miniscule. That's a, that's a really good perspective for people listening and they shouldn't be trying to increase weight. There should be this component of progressive overload. Yes. Because if they're not, then would essentially they be just maintaining. Yeah. I mean, I know some people that have incredible physiques and are in great shape and they just kind of, you know, every time it's like the same thing over and over. Like, let me, let me be clear about something. The fact that you're getting in there and doing something is better than not doing anything. So like, and if I was getting stronger, every single day, every single week of my life, I'd be the strongest human being on the planet. Like, right, ever. So like, it's, you're not going to continually get stronger at these lifts over and over. And that's why like variability. It's like, all right, if we're turning around and we're training a more of a hip dominant squat, a wide stance squat, and we're kind of tapping out there. There's no reason why we can't go to a heels elevated. A little bit closer, a little bit more knee dominant, loading the body a bit differently. We've already worked on being very strong and a hip dominant way. I'm starting to tap out there. So in my opinion for what I'm training for, let's go load our parameters a bit differently. And you know, if I was a nationally ranked power lifter, maybe that's not the way I'm going about it. Like, but I know for what I train for, which is what pretty much everyone trains for. And what is that? You can be a jacked and tan. Well, well, listen, no, no, seriously. Like, we want to, we want to have high levels of energy. We want to look better naked. We want to be strong. We want to be able to rinse and repeat every day. You want to be able to wake up and feel resilient. You don't want to wake up and get out of bed and be like, oh my god, my back. So like, my program is going to look a bit differently than someone else training for a power lifting beat or criss-bump stead training for the Olympia, right? Like, there's, there's different ways to assign programming. Is there any truth to the idea that if someone is a X number of pounds that they should be able to squat, are there standards that? Yeah, people are making up these standards, but I don't really get it. Like, and I've read this a thousand times. Like, there was a category of the day. Like, everyone should be able to do their bodyweight on bench or squat. I'm like, okay, like, great. Like, I saw the other day someone, there was this test. Like, it was the old man test. Like, someone is, they were talking about putting on your shoe. You're, you're, I'm sorry, you're sock and you're shoe in lacing your shoe without putting your foot on the ground. And if you can't do that, you're an old man. I'm like, no, maybe you have maybe hips that don't move because of God's will. This is the way you've been put on earth. Like, it's just your bone structure. Like, these are circus tricks. So I think sometimes people get good at certain things and they want to like standardize it as like a test. Or suddenly like, oh, if you can, you know, bench double your bodyweight, you're, yeah, tell you you're strong. Like, if you could double bench your bodyweight, like, for me that would be me, I'm at 210 pounds. I would be bench pressing 420 pounds. I can't bench press 420 pounds. The charts and the, I think there, I think there's just made up. And I think maybe it gets you in the, like, oh, this is someone who's strong. Like, okay, I could squat double my bodyweight or my strong shore. I could squat. You start seeing the percentages. Like, and if you could squat, if you could bench press like 1.75 pounds, this is just numbers. People make this up. Like, why? Like, so I don't know. I think people obsess over these things sometimes. And at the end of the day, what's quantifying this stuff for us? Like, if you live to 100 years old or live to 90 and your healthy and you're not in the hospital and you can move really well and you could be strong. Did it really matter whether you were able to squat, you know, double your bodyweight, could Jackal Lane squat, triple his bodyweight? Like, probably not. Like, I don't know. I said, the guy was 180 pounds. So what is it? What's the math on that? He squatting 500 pounds? No, he's not going to squat 500 pounds. He never was able to. That makes, he was, he was, he was a machine. So that's what I'm trying to say. And, and I think it's a really good perspective because we do have these charts out there and are they valuable? I struggle with it because, again, the way that someone's weight is distributed is totally different. Whether they're 30 percent body fat or 15 percent body fat, what percentage of their body is muscle versus how tall are they, how long are their limbs like he's exactly. I had a body of mine in college. He had a 500 pound bench press and he couldn't squat 500 pounds. So people like, well, he just had a strong bench. Yeah. He said a really strong bench. The guy is bodyweight. We're still squatting. I think 480. So what? He's done him a week because he can't squat more than they, it's just sometimes we're just made a certain way and we're built a certain way. We have to stop listening. There's so much clickbait out there and there's so many people making up the standards. It's nonsense. And it really is about about being able to train for life. Yeah. Yeah. It's stronger over time. What about, as we're thinking about the newbie who's going in for body composition changes, we've really addressed strength training, which isn't complicated. It's three days a week. We went through squat hinge, push pull, and a core exercise. Simple. What about cardiovascular activity? Yes. Where do you stand with high intensity interval training, sprint interval training versus zone two? Where should I love it all? I love it all. I mean, I love high intensity interval training. You saw me yesterday on the air bike and I chose the air bike because again, it got off a plane much safer, much better way for me to get my heart rate up to the specific area. I needed to get into the specific zone I needed to be in. I went hard. Was that a max effort for you? Yeah. It was pretty close to it. I mean, I was trying to get into the red. I called the idea of the red and the legs were burning and I'm on this new program that I put together and I'm trying to ramp it up. So every week, it's feeling better and the recovery is better and the intervals are progressing. But I'm running those higher intensity intervals only twice a week and that I even think's a lot, right? But I also play a hockey twice a week right now. But I don't categorize that as high intensity because I monitor my heart rate out there with a chest strap and I'll look at the comparison and because, you know, you're waiting for the puck or you're looking at where the play is or it's stop-go, stop-go, stop-go, stop-go. It's like, all right, your heart rate, my average heart rate is definitely lower. My max heart rate is definitely a bit lower because it's not like you're not out there in the sprint the entire time. Like there's a little bit more strategy to the game. So I would categorize that more as my medium intensity intervals. And then you got your soul steady state, which, you know, everyone likes to talk zone two now, which has been around for a long time. I think it's way overplayed. Way overplayed. Way overplayed. It's been around for a long time, but I think it has its place. I think people who are fatigued. I think people who are trying to just move and work up a sweat. I think this mindless piece to it also, where maybe you get off a plane and you're just tired, but you're feeling like you're a taning water from the flight and you just need to get that blood moving a little bit, putting that in-cline up and doing a power walk for 30 to 45 minutes where your heart rates in that 120 to 140 range and you're, you know, you're breathing, but you can still have a conversation. I think there's a lot of benefit to that also. So I think there is a time and place for these things, but anytime someone's like, oh, high intensity all the time. I'm like, we don't know enough of the story. Yeah, and I swear, which I love training with high intensity. I know you do. In a blast, my nervous system. It's very difficult to recover, you know, depending on if you're just doing it, which. Yes, but we also look at the movements. We also look at the movements. Like there are movements that would certain people trying to do high intensity. I would not program. Like I'm a big sprinter. I'm a big hill sprinter. Like I love it. I find that to be incredibly challenging. And it can be very, very dangerous for people who are not proficient at running. When they get fatigued, you have the, you know, a possibility of them tripping and falling, like, I'd rather than get on a nearby bike, or I'd rather than get on a ski or a versiclim or something that stationary locked in safe, and it's like, just go. Like you just, what do you want me to do? Like today, I want you to go at an 8 RP 10. That means like not 100% 20% off 100%. Like that's where we're going to stay. Or guess what? You have 15 seconds right now. I want you to envision like, I have a stake on your back and there's a pack of dogs running after you. And they're like, oh my god, like I'm not going to tell them to do that when they're running. Like that's going to become, you know, they might be compromised, but putting them on a nearby bike. I think it's really safe way to go about that type of training. And high intensity exercise. So this is high intensity interval training. There are numerous different ways these protocols play out. Right? What would a beginner think about for let's say we wanted to add it in to a training program with this look like 20 minutes of. I intensity. Yeah of 20 seconds on two minutes. I'm doing even, I'm doing even less. So tell, I'm just through that. I might, I might have some, someone just getting started. I might put them on the bike and say, all right, listen, let's do like a 3 to 5 minute warm up. Or if it's at the end of the workout, they're already pretty warm and we could. It doesn't, it doesn't matter when someone does interval training. Oh, I don't, I mean, I like I did it yesterday as a standalone day. Like my Wednesdays lately had been interval days where I come in an eye practice. And what do I practice? I practice like some gymnastics stuff, handstands, L-sits, ice cream makers, front leavers. Like I try and work on that stuff, but I didn't have access to all that yesterday. So what did I do? I came, I did mobility. I did about a five minute warm up on the air bike. And then I, I went eight intervals of of of of a one to three work to rest ratio, which means the first week I was running my challenge group through, actually the first month I'm running them through a one to three work to rest ratio. So that means for week one, 15 seconds of work, 45 seconds of rest. Week two, 20 seconds of work, 60 seconds of rest. So we're still at that one to three. We three and four would be 30 seconds of work, 90 seconds of rest. So I would run them through that for a month. And I think for a new be, you could start with like three sets. I think they're going to be blasted on three sets of just three. Yeah, I mean, 15 on 45 off. That's that's three. That's three minutes of work. I mean, that's that's a joke. But what we'll do over time is we could start increasing volume. If you want to get technical, I start looking at how their heart rates were hovering. And then when it recovers, and they can handle more, I might pile some more volume on them. But we're not always going to just keep adding volume adding volume. I think we should top out that high intensity training no more than like 20 minutes. I think that is like a max. If someone's doing high intensity training for like 45 to 60 minutes, like it's probably either they're like, they're like an absolute savage, which we know a few of them, or they're just not training in a high intensity way. Maybe they're doing more of that medium intensity, how I categorize my hockey game, right? Maybe they're just kind of downshifting a bit, and they're not trying to blast it. So high intensity for me is trying to get someone close into that red of like, oh my god, max heart rate, like we're approaching it. This is really painful. I am out of breath. I cannot have a conversation. But again, when we're starting with someone new, let's keep the volume down three sets, and we could start progressing over time. And I just want to highlight here, there's a, it's actually really well done paper that talks about all this in the world journey, world journey of cardiology. This is a 2019 paper, and just for the listener, the variables improved by high intensity interval training. Again, yes, you will feel better, but it improves VO2 max, which we know. It improves HSCRP. So if you're getting your blood work, these are inflammatory markers. It improves mylo-proxity, which this is a marker that we measure in our clinic, and a whole bunch of other things that includes insulin resistance. It improves insulin resistance. It does a lot of things with very not low effort, but very short amount of time. Very short amount of time. It is very, it's very efficient, but are there times I'm not using it? Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, you got to look at those other stress factors in their life, which most people are. Like remember training is a stress. It's good for us. It is a stress. So if you're, you know, outparting the night before and you're dehydrated and or you were on a plane or you're jet lag. Like these are times where, you know, I would, you know, second-guess the level that you're pushing someone. Now again, not everyone, your, your beast. Like you can handle things or I can handle things. You're a husband can handle things, right? I've got friends that can handle things, but you know, other people, I just, I don't think the juice is worth the squeeze what I'm saying. And you said two days a week, Max would this be for everybody. Yeah, yeah, I think that's a good way to go. And there is a, a sound saying that you can't do more, but I'm saying that's, I think that's a good standard. And there are multiple different protocols out there, Martin Gabala, if you, if you heard of Martin Gabala, he's kind of the godfather of high intensity, he's infiltrating. Yeah, and he says a lot more. He, no, no, no, he, there's just different protocols and his is, this is a robek, 10 times one minute hit, hit protocol, high intensity interval, protocol. Well, we're going to work up to that. And that's what I meant about the work to rest. So like month one, this, this month, I'm programming a three to one. Yeah. Next month, I'm programming a two to one. The month after I'm programming a one to one. And a one to one would be one minute on one minute off. So like where, you know, I think again, we're, we're trying to change that stimulus by manipulating, not only the work ratio, but the rest, oh my god, the rest is going to completely change the the work after you. So I enjoy that. I think it's, I think it's, I think it's, I say fun, people are going to think it, me, I'm saying it is fun. Especially if you can get hooked into that zone. He starts gameifying things. Oh, I got a golden day. Like, let's go. I got to be here. And when there's certain monitors now, where you, I'll set my phone up. I use, um, oh god, I, I use, um, not first boot, my zone. I use my zone. And it's colors. And it's what's kind of cool about it is, I heard of that. Oh, yeah. So my zone, it's in front of you. And it's already calculated your max hurry. And I know I got to hit the yellow or the red. So how hard I work? Until I hit the yellow. I'm aiming for the red this set. But like, if I get in the yellow, I'm good. And I got it. So it's like, and then out of nowhere, you see it lighting up and you're like, oh my god, I'm in the green. I'm not working hard enough. And it's, it's pushing you to try and get there. And it's, it's, it's challenging, but you're able to quantify what you're doing. And that's actually really important because think about it if you are too tired or mentally fatigued, you might not be in the mental zone to be able to execute what you need to to actually get the stimulus. And tracking it's really important. We track food, we track blood pressure, all these things. We should be able to track progress and output in the moment. What's really important. It's, what's interesting is a lot of the wearables now are tracking cardiovascular, but they're not really tracking that resistance training piece. I know, even I work with a euro or companies like WOOP out there. Like, you can go and do max effort lifts, which oh my god, my heart rate is. You know, when you're trying to stabilize while squatting, you know, four wheels on each side or whatever it is, your heart rates up and in afterwards it's not really recognizing, you know, that effort in that work, right, through the things that they do to quantify like WOOP, you know, uses strain, et cetera. So it's not really, it's not able to take in a consideration yet, you know, those other factors. So even the wearable market right now we're finding it's not perfect, but it's not perfect yet. Yeah. It's going in a good direction. It is and it's really helpful because I think previously, unless you were in a lead athlete, people weren't tracking high intensity interval training. Do you think it's more important to track heart rate or it is to track the me giving example? There were periods of time where we were in the gym and we were doing a 500 meter row. We knew that that 500 meter row should be sub 2. Yeah. Do you think that that's is more important to try to get to the sub 2, you know, 500 meters or is it more important to track heart rate? You know, it's funny about the sub 2 thing. Heart rate's going to change so much according to age, right? So if I'm up in that 160 range, I am cooking. I'm 47 years old on Monday, so I know my max heart rate's around calculations around 181. So homin that 160, one, you know, 160 to 170 range, I am like blazing. But the other day I was talking to a woman who's in her 20s and I'm like, where's your heart rate at? She's having a conversation. She's like, how about 181? And they're like, okay, well, she's 21 years old, right? So I think when you try and compare heart rate sometimes, it's very, it's almost, it's all like individualistic. It doesn't, it's the heart rate's important for you. But I also know that most people out there, when they're looking at heart, they don't know what they're looking at. Like, I would challenge and say 90% of the people out there who were heart rate monitors are just like, oh, well, my heart rate got to 180. I'm like, what does that mean? They're like, right? Like, they don't really know. So, to answer your question, if the goal is to be sub 2 because you're training for an event or something, that's pretty important. You know, but also, I think understanding that when you're training that if I'm at 170 or that woman, I was just talking about, is that 170, those efforts are completely different. So it is also about the F. And I need to understand the efforts because if someone is taxing themselves out by getting close to that to their, you know, threshold, that might mean there's so much more effort going in and there's so much more fatigue than then I have to understand that in reference to talking them about rest and recovery and their program design and what they're doing the next day. That woman who is doing that 180, whatever was that 180, one who's now 170, that's a joke. Like, she's, she's writing on a piece of paper and she's doing that. Right. But I think they're, I think they're both important, but I think we need to understand what we're looking on both for. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. And that kind of leads me to this sprint interval training. So high-intensity interval training is up to 80% really your max output, but sprint interval training is different. That's 100% effort. And it seems like that's not very well tolerated by. Yeah. You know what's interesting? You should talk to Derek Hanson about this. My podcast partner, you should bring him on. He's probably one of the, God, he's probably one of the best in the world. I know when it comes to running mechanics and sprint training and he's very rarely having anyone do 100% efforts. Like he's working on a lot of falling starts. He's working on a lot of things between 10 and 20 meters. And he's working on a lot of techniques. So I know it's very difficult. What you start getting people in a 100% range for sprinting, it's like a lot of risk. Yeah. I mean, I've got to be honest, I'm rarely going to design that for people. I might take myself there, but I better make sure that, okay, as my travel been that week, as my warm up, as my body feel warming into that. Because like I said, I mean, you said, line again, there's a cost of doing business. Do you think for that now kind of, and I guess we'll round out the conversation of the newbie, nutrition. Sure. What are your thoughts on how they should be, aside from the whole food component, focusing on protein? Again, you and I've talked for years, but I do your thoughts about how an individual who's starting out really focusing on losing fat, what are their key nutrition strategies that they should be focusing on? First thing we want to do is, as you know, you're like the queen of all this stuff. I can't like, I'm actually talking to you right now. I know you know all this stuff, but I think what it's understanding where what are we starting with? Because if someone's like, oh yeah, like, well, how do you eat? Well, I eat dinner. And I'm like, okay, what's your dinner like? It's like, whatever a burger fries or whatever it might be. And you're like, okay, like, I might kind of the word I use is like marinate them into this a bit. Like, I'm not going to turn on the vehicle. I want these three square meals tomorrow because they're going to puke and feel full and feel like shit and excuse my language. But like, what I might start doing is like, all right, listen, let's try this. Let's start with a really small breakfast and let's maybe incorporate a protein shake for lunch. Oh, I can have shakes for lunch. No, you can have a shake now for for lunch. And then I'm trying to kind of marinate them into getting those three square meals a day. And then how many times a day? Well, I like to understand my clients macros. I'm not saying they all have no. It is a big contentious topic in the field. You have to know what you are eating. I disagree. This whole intuitive eating thing. I think it's I think it can be used. You and I could turn around and intuitively because we know what our portions need to look like and we know what that's going to translate to. You get someone in there who has a lot of questions and they're, I don't want many other day. Well, can I just count calories and I'm like, well, if you count calories, you technically can get all your calories from carbs. Right? Technically, right? There's going to be a little protein in there, but it's not really breaking down the ratios. Like, let's just start tracking one meal and let's get comfortable with that one meal. And then a few weeks later, like, oh, this is easy. All right, let's do lunch now. A few weeks, this is easy. All right, let's do dinner now. So I like to understand where they starting, but I also understand that every meal during the day is an opportunity for them to consume nutrition. And if I need to consume, I'm making this number up. 3000 calories a day to break even, I hit my maintenance calories. If I'm eating 3000 calories a day, that's, and I'm only eating three times a day. That's a thousand calories a meal. Most people can't do that. I can do that, right? Yes, but I've seen you eat. Right, but now suddenly, if I goes to five meals a day, that's 600 calories a meal, a little bit doable for most people. So, like, yes, I like, we we talked about that reverse dieting approach and I think it's very helpful for all. Right. And then talking about intermittent fasting, like, I don't have a problem with fasting for some people, but you know, you're now diminishing that opportunity to consume nutrition. And if you only have eight hours a week during a day, well, how are you eating? Are you having like a salad at lunch? And having a handful of nuts at three o'clock and then going into a big dinner because you're probably not consuming the fiber that you need, right? Very important. You're not consuming the protein. You're probably not getting the ratio of fats and carbs that you need. And if there's that much variability going on in your day, your body of my opinion is not going to reap the benefits and it's not going to change. And I would say that there's really that there's evidence to support that. So, the book, forever strong. Yeah. One of the reasons why I wrote it. The Bible. So, one of the reasons I wrote it is to eliminate that chaos. You should know what you're eating on a daily basis. Yep. You should have a strategy in place and it allows you to be consistent and it allows you to actually understand what you're executing off of. And if you are someone new to diet in nutrition, these are fundamental things to build the house. And then, for example, I mean, the reality is Don does measure his macros. He knows what he's doing for the most part. But I'm not measuring them this week when I'm with you, right? I'm thinking about we know what our meals are going to do. But we also do pull out a scale because you and I want we want to see over under what the person was. What did I go? Right? You were right. I said it was seven ounces. This is a steak you said no. It's a thing about how to make a skill that is a thing we're all bite out. Yeah, no. It's pretty funny. It's just important to recognize, again, you've made your career like this. I have never seen an eye inner, I've been seeing patients for 20 years. Thank you. And it's extraordinary to see because, you know, how you've been able to fine tune your body. I mean, you had your a pile on your ankle. It looked like you're on house arrest. Yep. You had your magnesium before bed. I mean, you have your, you had your water. You have all these things. But I enjoy it. Yeah. And you enjoy it. Like we, but we, we enjoy it. But, you know, you have to build to that, you know? Um, yes. And it is allowed you to maintain a body composition all natural for decades, which is unbelievable. So if you're out there and you're starting understanding that while Don may be at one extreme, which for you is actually not really extreme is just, frankly, discipline, that there are ways to lead up to doing these things. And actually, frankly, no matter where you are in your journey, the more dialed in you are, the more effective you are going to be. Yep. Periodine of story, whether you are training for a marathon, whether you are trying to make moderate improvements if you were someone who is in advanced training, of advanced training age, in order to move the needle. You should always be striving for something better. 100%. And, and I like those small winds. And sometimes we don't have to recreate the wheel. It's some, I think I told you the story about a buddy of mine years ago. You know him is named John. He came to me. He takes a shirt off in my office and he's like, one of my closest buddies. He's like, I just want my top two abs and I just started laughing. I'm like, what are you talking about? Top two abs. I'm like, what are you doing? Because I don't want to eat like you. I said, okay, you never said that. So, broke down its nutrition with him. He was training is pretty good. It gets into the gym three, four days a week. It doesn't do a lot of cardio. It gets his steps in. And we just modified a couple things with his nutrition. It was so simple. It was to the point where he looked at me and he said, that's it. And I said, yeah, and he came back in a month. He took a shirt off. And we literally saw this line of definition starting to break out his abs. And he said, this magic, these magic words to me is like, oh my god, can't believe that's all we need it. What's next? And that was like, that was almost like a light bulb went off in my head because we don't have to sit there and deliver that a plus program there. Unless, obviously there's massive health concerns and someone needs a big help or they have to give a ready for something. Exactly. But John was a perfect example where if I handed him my program, he's not going to be successful. He's not going to like me. He's not going to want to do it. And then what good am I doing? And I think that's what coaching is. It's like, let's start with that minimalistic approach. Let's see how they respond to it. Let's have them come back. You're going to wow. It's working. What next? And if you could do that with clients, that's why I've been successful in this career. And when you are working with, you know, movie stars or even just athletes, how often do you try to do change their nutrition plan? How tight are you? Because you definitely keep them on a really tight nutrition plan? Yeah. How often are you changing their macros? Ryan Reynolds, we really haven't been. Ryan Reynolds has been this progression over 15 years when I met him and I could talk about this. I mean he was very low carb guy and I met him and I'm like, we may want to get that up a little bit and he didn't really like believe me early on. And I remember I'm sending me, you know, he sends me updates and he sends me an update and I'm like, oh my god, he's going to look on a meeting, sweet potato notes and this is like a decade ago at that point. And I think a big light bulb went off in his head and now he's a business person. Now he realizes the importance of performance. Like it's not just about him getting video on on screen. He's got to go home and now he's on Zoom calls with the company with his companies or his managers or whatever it might be. So we're soccer team over football team over in Wales. So I think someone like that, he's a little bit more of a robot. Where it's like, okay, let's look at this, little tweaks, you good, you're good, but like he's a dream. Right? And then there's other people that come to me and it's just how much time do you have? And like two weeks, I'm like, oh, that much. You can get ready for something. Yeah, like two weeks, like really like, what do I do? I'm like stop drinking. No process. I was going to ask you about alcohol for someone wanted to and I, I, alcohol kills you. hesitate to use the word crash diet, but if someone is, let's say someone has to be innovating student two weeks and obviously we don't want two weeks. No, but this happens. I know. This is their job. Right. We have to do it. What do you do? No cheat meals. No booze. I mean, when I say process, I mean, like, I don't mean like going out and have candy bars. I mean, mentally process stuff like all of a sudden, mentally process isn't it? Like, I'm okay with all of a sudden. Like, that's, that's fine. So I want to be, yeah, I want to be, I want to be a shake away protein shakes process. Yeah, right. Fine, fine with those things. I think the alcohol piece is massive. Yeah, we'll get them training not seven days a week. It'll probably be six days a week. Like, we're probably going to put our foot on the gas a bit. And without be two day two days meaning cardio on top of that. Yeah, especially if they have to get leaner. So this is where you would add cardio and it's probably more than zone two. It's probably a little bit higher. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to have to do those higher intensity days, but we're also going to have to balance that out with zone two because listen, I've done it. We're overloading about that now and in those two week period of my, the thing most people understand is that there are no good to me if they go on set and they're like, like, like, following us. Yeah, following and following a sleep. So like, we have to send the set and we also have to understand that just because the movie starting in two weeks doesn't mean we stop what we're doing because maybe that shirtless scene is in four weeks. Right. Now training has to so I have a two week period of time to put my foot on the gas and then when filming starts, wow, we have to manipulate that work. So we can overload for two weeks then we can back off according to their schedule, but still get it in and activity still high, eating still clean. But alcohol is the one thing that people, I think they miss. I like to like, I love good beer. I was in Austria. I was having one or two beers a day delicious. Fell fine. Hydrated at eight my protein still worked out snowboarded 70 hours a day. It was awesome. But it beat you up. It beat you up. And the amount of what it does to you hormonally, what it does to your rest and recovery, how it pulls water in you. Like, I'm a single digit body fact. I all year long. Like, you get puffy, you get inflamed, you know, all things you start feeling a little bit differently. That's sleep quality drops. That ready to drop. Your HRV drops. These are all massive problems. So when people are like, well, you know, I have, you know, my doctor said, I can have have whatever you want. That's right. What are you training for? Are you training for the cover of muscle fitness? Are you training to be shirtless in Wolverine? Or are you just training to look good on the beach and have a good time and have a good quality of life? Because those are different. I'm giving you different answers to those questions. But alcohol, there's it's I, I agree to. It's it's it's tequila, clear, gluten free. It's alcohol is alcohol. It's poison. Just understand what you're getting. It is. And for women, for Perry menopause and menopause. I think that it is one of the things that really make make, it just makes things worse. It makes recovery difficult. It makes sleep worse. It makes body composition work. And I have friends that will certainly argue with me about this. That the evidence supports that if you are able to manage your calories, then there's a place for it. But from a, from a brain effect over time and, uh, the the the the most obvious thing that you can measure is your resting heart rate at sleep. And when you have a drink or two, I very, really know anyone who's resting heart rate doesn't go up by about five, six feet. It's like, all right, what is that telling us right there? It's like you can have a couple of drinks and that happens. Like that's a pretty drastic. You do that over time. And then that there's that chronic inflammation in there and your body is just not healing and resting. Do what you want. Like you can live my, my grandma and her four sisters lived to be the ages of like 95 and 105. Like I think they smoked a cigarette every day. I think they drank a scotch every day. They had low levels of stress. They had high quality food. And they got away with that stuff. But again, they were not like my grandma was in a wheelchair. She wasn't looking for these bodies. She wasn't like, oh, how are they looking for body composition changes? That's how we're looking for it. And that's where increased that and that's where increasing dietary protein people will say, well, one gram per pound ideal body weights too much. But if you're looking for body composition changes, you have to hit your dietary protein. You have to manage your total people saying it's too much. Um, and I've always heard this, but what it like what evidence is pointing them in the direction of like, oh, you don't need that much. Well, there's a difference between minimum amount to prevent deficiencies and optimal amount to move the needle for body composition. Right. And the evidence supports double the RDA, which would be point eight grams per kg, but double the RDA will show improvements in every area for body composition while carbohydrates are controlled. Lean body mass, decrease body fat, you know, there's that's another question. Oh, I'm curious. Right. Right now, um, wouldn't a lot of they come down to where your, uh, where your blood results are. So like if I'm consuming 1.25 to 1.5 grams per pound of body weight, I'm doing this because I need my calories a lot higher because I'm burning a lot more like people talk about my Michael Phillips was eating 12,000 calories a day. Could you imagine V. A clean. I'm like it's impossible. He's not eating a fiber-styled. He's not eating slow burning carbs and getting 12,000 calories a day. It's impossible. Right. But like wouldn't you, um, isn't it too much if you looked at someone's blood panel and you're like, oh, wow, they're liver enzymes are all for or something is. No, that's a really good question. Okay. So that's one of them curious. Yeah, that's a really good question. We don't have any evidence that would say that one gram per pound of your body weight or even higher would have any negative effect. No, but that's what I mean. So if I'm consuming 1.5 grams, I'm going to be able to go, I'm going to go high 1.5 grams and you know my blood work and you're like, wow, this is perfect. Then why is my, why am I proteins too high then? This is where social media has come in. But I would challenge any doctor, and he like, I would like to hear that answer, why if my levels are all perfect and I'm consuming 1.25 to 1.5 grams per pound, which is over a gram, I challenge them. I'd like to know. I want to get educated. Why am I too high if I have to keep my calories high? And if my, um, if my blood tests are perfect, like why would I be so? I can't so would be that you're not. Okay. Well, I'm asking out there. I'm asking all the gurus out there. I would love to love a description. We have solved it. Yeah. You know, again, nutrition is very contentious and you have to understand what is, what are the ultimate outcomes? Yeah. You might have longevity experts talk about how a reduction in dietary protein is going to be beneficial. I don't even want to say these things. It's not. It's not. A sea elegance is not a human and we are talking about maintaining strength and mobility. All of these things that require dietary protein. Right. Yeah. A great. It's ridiculous. A great. Let's talk about protein. Specifically, first forms natural way protein formula one. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use, what kind of protein powder I recommend. Formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders, different flavors. A natural one, you pick it. It mixes amazing. It makes it extremely easy to get your protein in and really there. It's a way protein isolate. So you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shake. Taste great. Super easy to travel with great breakfast, dinner, maybe even lunch. Whatever you need, it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary. We'll help improve body composition, muscle mass, all the things that protein does. And by the way, when do you need protein? Well, you need it every day. And that's why I love first forms protein powder. They're formula one. Go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I've a solution for you and that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker. My friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on. ApoB, it never stops. And by the way, if you're a professional annual of clients inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized health care and listen, blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners, 10% off, 10% off. Anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off go to inside tracker.com, like inside tracking your body, use the code doctor lion, and do not wait if you are due for your blood work, give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. If you were to say some of the biggest roadblocks, problems, mistakes that people make for the goal of losing body fat. What are your top three mistakes? Oh God, top three. Okay, I can give you top two. You want top five? No. Top three, or fat loss mistakes. Fat loss mistakes. One would be non understanding what's really going into their body. We're going to side by. Let me just explain. So like, well, I eat healthy. Well, what do you eat? Well, for practice I have three egg whites and I have a piece of toast. Okay, what do you have from lunch? I have a salad and a piece of fish. How big is the fish? This big? For dinner. It's not like, even though they might be consuming foods that are nutritious, they are under calorie. They're under protein. So I think not understanding what's actually going into their body, that protein piece massive. They don't understand. They just think they're choosing good foods. They're grazing all day. They're eating little things like nuts. Oh, I nuts and fruit. I'm like, well, you're nuts and fruit 10 times and your fat is probably over 100 grams and you weigh 100 pounds. And because you're so full, you're not able to get enough protein in. So not understanding what's really going in your body. I think is a huge problem. And that checks a lot of boxes. Resistance training. I think we got to prioritize this a little bit more. Oh, I want to burn fat. So I'm just going to start with cardio. I'll get in a resistance training. I'm like, do both. Like, I love cardio. I enjoy cardio. I just do. It's just, it's, I like the sweat. I like the mindlessness of it. I like the, you know, it's quite a can be quick. But do that with your resistance training. If we have more muscle, ladies, I don't mean we're getting bigger. But when I train. Right, but like I train Blake lively. I train Emily Blunt. I train any halfway. These are very feminine athletic physiques. They are strong women. And that is important. So understanding the importance of resistance training, but also coupling that with with cardiovascular is two and the third. Third biggest fat loss mistake. So we had food. We had resistance training. Oh, God, you know what? It's got to be this. That, that, that, that rest component is so underlucked. I just, I think I'll cool Paul check. It's the best fat burner and it's free. I've had people who we've increased sleep quality over weeks and they've lost significant amount of fat loss. When you are under resting, you are not repairing your hormones and you're not repairing your body and you're not going to have that energy and your body is not going to move and burn. Really simple. Like, so what do we just say? Nutrition, training and rest and sleep. It's like those are the three things. That's on us, not cold plunges. If you get your training, you get your nutrition and you get your rest and recovery to like 80% being really, really solid. Like at least you're going to see some pretty dramatic results. And I just think it's not that simple. Most people really underestimate rest and sleep. That, and it's in the data actually that individuals that are not sleeping, pulling night shifts, they're blood glucose is worse, they're blood pressure is worse, insulin, all of their metabolic markers seem to be worse. I've seen people put on significant amount of body fat who have private chefs who are training six days a week and they're like, why am I getting weight? I'm like, you're sleeping three hours a night. Well, my doctor said that's like the rarity and I'm the one like that's adequate. I'm like, no, it's not like I don't mean to disagree with your doctor, but this is not working for you. You need to train. Well, I can't go to bed early. You need to train sleep. Well, I'm not hungry for breakfast. Well, you got a train. You got a train to be hungry. When I say that, it's like starting incorporating some proteins, start getting some amino acids in your body early on. Maybe a piece of fruit will build that. Right, sleep. I sleep three hours a night. What time do you go to bed two in the morning? Can you make it one thirty? Yeah, I can't. How do I do that? Well, let's start winding down earlier. The next thing you know, John obacoco, I could talk about him. You're getting a bed every night three to four in the morning. Now it's 10 11 at night. It's like that is, you have a need. How big is that? There's a reason why the guys down 120 plus pounds and we're going to lose another, you know, he's 491 pounds now. So our goals to get him down in that 250 range. He's got to have surgeries. He's got to have specific things, but getting his BMI down right now is something we have to do before we explore any of that stuff. So yes, sleep, huge. Where do you think the industry is going? The fitness industry. Where do you think do you think that there's any new training technology or again, you've been in the fitness industry. You've seen really, I mean, you've been in it for 25 years. You've seen multiple iterations of different things. Yeah. I've been working with tech for over God, for as long as I've been in the business. I mean, readiness devices that weren't, you know, wearables that were, I remember laying on a megawave and it's laying on a floor for three minutes with a head sensor, a chest strap, a palm sensor, like, you know, and having to keep your eyes closed and measuring, you know, HRB, you know, this was, I don't know how long ago. So it's, I think we're as it going. I think our access to research is becoming better and better. I think the right research out there is becoming pretty awesome because it's pointing us in a direction to be able to make really good decisions. I think a lot of these readiness trackers and a lot of these tech pieces are getting better and I think it's giving us information to be able to make good decisions. But I also think, you know, with a lot of this stuff comes excuses. And well, the research says I don't need to do two sets. Well, that's a very good point. Yeah. It's starting to hear people say, oh, but resistance training, that that's, I don't need to do that much. Yeah. Like, I only need to set it. I'm like, well, yeah, like I'm watching some of these biohackers now that like exactly to be honest, like they're, they're not like some of them are really impressive and some of them just aren't. They're like, they're, they're coming in and they're posting their training and they're like, well, I just did this on the light press and I'm like, your range of emotions terrible. That might be a poor choice of exercise and your intensity is not where you think it is for you to receive the benefits. Like, when you see someone do a max effort set, it's scary. Yeah. It's, I've been there. It's, it's not pleasant. I've squatted three, fifteen for thirty on my back and almost had a brain aneurysm. Like, I had to land the floor for like a half an hour. Like, it's not something that most people. And I'm not saying that to be proud. That was a style of training that when you're going in a high intensity training, it is like someone's holding a gun to your hand and they're like, you better get this right now or there's like, frightening stuff's going to happen to you. So, I think we take a lot of this research and I think we just, we kind of skew it and we make it into what we want to make it to be and at the end of the day, you still got to work hard. You still got to put effort in. You still got to meal prep. You still got to get to bed early. It's, it's sometimes I'm watching a TV show and like my wife has a joke with me. We never finished your show together. Because a 39 o'clock home feeling I'm going to bed. Look, what type of life is I love my life? Like, I have two beautiful kids, beautiful home. I live a great lifestyle. I could do what I want. I could work from where I want and I'm building the businesses and I'm having a lot of fun doing it. So, allowing me to go to bed early just means that I'm able to get up and I'm able to attack my day. So, that's important to me. That's what I want to do. Do I have those nights where we go out? We party or we go out. We're out late. Yes, we do. Very once in a blue moon. Very once in a blue moon. And when I do it, I enjoy it. And I say, all right, you know what? Big deal. You'll catch up in a few days and you'll move on. And that's how I approach that stuff. But I think we're getting such good access. But I think people are forgetting the fact that you still got to go in there and you still got to put that work in. And it still needs to be challenging. And you know, if sometimes it gets frustrating as someone been doing this as long as I have, when someone starts every conversation, it's like, well, the research states and I'm like, okay, I get it. We're, we're trying to make good decisions here. But this person needs just to get off the couch. This person just needs to move. Example, do I like spin bikes? They're fine. Like, do I like someone sitting down and training all the time? The answer is no, especially when that person's been in their desk 10 hours a day. Do I want them on a bike? No. If someone is going to turn around and say, I love spinning. It got me off the couch. I am in better shape. My blood's are better. My body composition's better. I feel better. I better sex drive. I sleep better. Yada, yada, yada. Am I going to turn around? I don't like spin. I'm just like, great. I said, but can we do things to kind of complement you being in this position? Yeah. Can we do things to maybe open you up a little bit? Can we work focus on getting those glutes to get a little stronger? Can we focus on that thoracic extension, that thoracic rotation, that shoulder mobility? These things that maybe five, six days a week are going to destroy you? Being able to do that's where, as a coach, I'm going to come in and I'm going to assess the individual and I'm going to help them become great at what it is they love to do. You, again, I've actually trained for many years. How important? I'm always seeing you do something different. You're always adding in something different or trying a new, it's fun movement or it's not fluffy, but it's fun. I like doing different things. Really challenging. Again, I've trained with you whether it's a rotation slam, broad jump, all these other things. How important is it for new skill acquisition? Newbies are just developing new skill. For example, my training age is like 300, not just getting. You're great. You're a great shape. I don't believe it. So for someone who has been training, the listening to this, maybe their physician, maybe there are a coach, we have a lot of those listening. How important is it for them to learn new physical skills? I think it's important because I like challenging how the body moves and I feel like the body can feel better if you're putting in variability that makes sense and that's not fluffy. What do you mean fluffy? Fluffy means like the guy doing pistol squats on the boosts who ball and then everyone in the world's trying to try it. That will be on. All right. Do you be a favor? Like you're trying to attempt this right now and you can't do a proper bodyweight squat. Let's learn the bodyweight squat. Now, there is that freak out there that can turn around with double kettle bells overhead, which I cannot do and do a pistol squat on the boosts. I'm jealous. I can't do it. But you know what? I'm not going to try. I'm going to try and continue to get great at the things that are going to make me a better athlete and then are going to put me in a really good place to be successful. So I think it is it is it's important, but it's not like it's not imperative. Like if someone turns important but non-parative, I like that. Yeah, but it's like it's important if you want to continually improve and reach and get better. But again, what about that person who's like, and I've run into him once in a while, like how's your training going? Like it's great. How's your body feel? Amazing. Are you happy with your body composition? Yeah, I'm in a really good place. Considering like what is I like to do in life, it's not perfect, but I take my shirt off and I feel good and my wife's happy with it. And I'm like, like great, great, great, great. Like what they're doing seems to be working, no injuries. We're in a good place. Am I still trying to get them to try new things? Yes, because I still would like to develop as their coach. I want to push them. But am I saying like what you're doing is wrong, because you haven't changed your program in the last six months. Like for me to say it's wrong would be unfair. Why am I going to beat that person up? Like they're doing good stuff. They're in a good place. As a coach, I'm in a way going to try and trick them into getting into better shape and developing things and wanting to excel exceed without feeling like, you know, they're putting themselves in a place where they're not going to be successful. They're happy with their own. Yeah, that's fair. For example, someone who doesn't swim doesn't necessarily need to learn a lot of the other. I mean, as long as they can swim. What about supplementation? Yeah, great top. What are your top? I'll say three, but it could be five. It could be ten, which I know is not ten. But he supplements for longevity that you love. Become a big magnesium fan. I know. I'm a big magnesium fan. I'm a big vitamin D fan. If your levels are, you know, I know. I'm a magnesium do like. I like thorn. And which is a magnesium bike. I sent it. Yep. So I use that vitamin D. I think getting a good omega in really solid. That's three right there. And I'm going to turn you on to use creatine. I use creatine. And you know, I've been using it for 25 years. I've been using it for 25 years. I've been using it all glutamine for about 25 years also. These are supplements. I've just kind of kept in my regimen. I make a little morning a mixer where I'll get in and I'll take, I like switching up the strains of my probiotic. I just take one. Um, first thing in the morning I'll take that with some water and then I'll prepare my elixir, which is like glutamine, creatine. I use like a good greens, reds or reds powder, which you always got me turned on to early on. And actually we had, we cycled through. So we did reds and greens. But then there was a period of time where you really ramp up your training and we added in. Do you remember we added in blue? Yeah, blue. Yeah, blue. Yeah, I call it purple. Yeah. Blue algae. Yeah, blue algae. Then we added in macia berry to get different. Yeah, macia berry. Is that you said macia? Yeah, macia. But whatever, I'm going to say wrong macia berry. We added in macia berry. Macia berry powder. Macia berry powder, myself. Polyphenols for you. Yeah. But again, that's what I mean by putting things in your body. They're powerful. So yeah, I think that would be that that was really it. Um, I'm turning you on to two other ones. Yes. We're going to start you on a beta hydroxybuty right 10 grams. And we're going to put you on, was I going to put you on your elethin A that was on my mind. But I think we'll start with beta hydroxybuty right? But I would love to start you on some your elethin A. Yeah. And one thing that you got me reintroduced to recently was, um, you know, I will have, I'm not a big pre-workout person, but um, coffee right? We're going to do coffee with bugs, collagen which sort of like. I love their collagen. So bugs makes a great collagen and they make, um, oh God, what was the other thing we were adding in the U.C.T. And then bugs MCT. They have a M.C.T. powder. So mixing that in, you got to use the broth. Uh, we're going to find out the portion of the parts. They have like the kids, evidence. They're we've gone through four or five. They're there the best. I love them. Yeah. Um, and that was one of the reasons why so Don, you're very tight with your nutrition, very tight with supplementation. It's interesting because I do your blood work. I do your talk about it. I mean, I'm really happy with it. It's really good. I mean, it's it's a joke. Everybody else has something that can be approved up and improved on it. And then I look at yours. I'm just like, uh, Don. No, it's in, it's in a good place. I was more, you know, it's more shocked about, um, my testosterone being raised. I think we went from like six, eight into nine, 30. And people were like, well, what did you do? And I'm like, you know what? I really think at the end of the day because they were thinking like, well, is it the plunging? Is it the song? Actually, we got you sleeping, but because you were doing home construction. Yes. Remember, um, you didn't air filter filters, but also like, I'm not going, I thought about it. Oh, I'm not committing three hours a day anymore. Like, uh, duh, could you imagine like, you don't have to wake up at three, 34 in the morning. Oh, he's now now. It's more like five or five, 30. And I'm like, wow, that makes a huge difference. Yeah, definitely a time where we'd want to test your testosterone. It's in the morning. You need that early morning sleep. And there's always reminders. Like last night, you remind you, you keep every time I get around, you remind me of certain things. Like, we just ate earlier last night that I normally would. And I had my magazine wasn't hungry. I ate, which meant I frontloaded my calories beautifully yesterday. I fell fall. Guys, an eating machine by the way. Yeah, but like, but I slept like, I slept great. And I looked at my aura and it was like, what did you do last night? I was like, sweet, you know what's sitting there like, all excited. I was so pumped up. And, um, yes, so your blood work always looks really great. And you, and we also do gastrointestinal testing for you because the more an individual train. And sometimes we see gastrointestinal permeability, it just with the increase in training volume. And yours, it just looks really good for what we can tell from the gut microbiome and these inflammatory mice. It looks really good. But you did so well with the MCT oil and collagen that just leveled my mouth. And so that's why we're going to add in beta hydroxybuterate or add in 10 grams. I think it's going to be really good for energy brain function. It's anti-cadabolic. I think it's amazing for muscle. Right. Um, we are going to put on, we're going to put you on some year-old with an egg. Okay. Helps with endurance with strength. We use my top here. I'm going to get you some. And I think that you're going to feel it. Though that combination of what you're already doing, I think it's going to be amazing. Hello, it's a, it's a fun, but it's, it's fun. It becomes like, become like a game. You have a good time with it. But again, I try telling people like, it's one thing to enjoy doing this. It's another thing to obsess over this until you get yourself so crazy. And like, you'll have moments where like, okay, like, I'll never have to tell in the story, too. And she's a pretzel. What the pretzel's right. So like during her, during her first pregnancy, she was like, I'm like, well, how are you to play in your nutrition? And remember, I was crazy. I am way better. I was so sure. Yeah, I'm doing meal delivery service and all this stuff. And I'm like, okay, okay. And in one day, she faced times in wishing. I remember you were up on the museum of natural history. I think you were around there all like up on the west side. And she's got her phone and she's chewing it on like, what are you eating? She holds up a New York City press on. I'm like, yeah. And she's grown up. Yeah. So, you know, early on in my career was very just obsessive about nutrition. I was going to get it right. Remember this and it was like, how are we going to focus on body composition? And then you go through different phases of life. I mean, and then I got pregnant. Yeah. I mean, I would come in with my meals packed just like you. I was like, don, what are we doing? This is my percent body fat. Yeah. Or am I a lift star? I mean, it was pretty intensive. And then you get pregnant, go through pregnancy. You have to shift your focus. It can't be about body composition. It's all the time. You know, all the time there's other things. There's other things. There's other things. And then I think that you come out the other end. And then you have more of a balance. I agree. Mental attitude about the whole thing. I mean, seeing how you're living your life now, I mean, I get choked up right now. But like seeing how you're living your life now, I think it's like you found it, man. Like you've got an incredible husband. You've got two of the cutest little kids. I got to come over to the school to pick them up. It's funny because they're all calling the Uncle Downs there. Everyone's like, oh my God, this is her brother. But just to kind of see what you've created with all this. And it really, it warms my heart a lot because, you know, we never always had those moments where like, oh yeah, things are like great and perfect. And God, I mean, we could do a whole talk on business right now. The things I had to go through. People don't understand. And it really allows you to appreciate what you have now. I have one last question that I have been thinking about a lot and I wasn't sure I was going to ask you. But I'm going to ask you. Where does faith come in? Oh, yeah. Yeah, this is this is a good one. You know, I was raised. When I say I was raised from a religious family, I don't want you to think it was something that, you know, went to church on days. My mom was a U.S. Dick minister and, you know, it was something where at a young age I was exposed to it. But I made a lot of mistakes. And I did a lot of things throughout that period of time. Like any other kid. So when I say, I, you know, whatever whatever you believe in is what you believe in. But if I say I believe in God, I don't want anyone to think for a second that I am, you know, trying to be a goody two shoes or I didn't mean I make a ton of mistakes and it always happened. But I think even now today church, you know, I'm pretty involved with St. Patrick's Church and in Huntington, I fell into the head-hurt position years ago because my, um, is my sisters, fiance died in a car accident. Carbel's story, I don't know if we ever talked about this. And, um, he, um, fell asleep at the wheel on the way home, uh, from the train station. And, um, I would always go to church when I was home. And his father, John's father, was the head-hurt of the church. So I went to, um, to go help him out. I said, John, I'm at the masses. Let me help out. He said, thank you. And then he got ill, had a back down. Then the head-hurt brought me in as the assistant, usher. And then the head-hurt died. I know it sounds terrible, track record. And then I became the head-hurt, very good friends of the Montenegro. So I'm involved with the church. And, uh, faith is something that, um, every day, I, um, I try to improve. Every day, I try and reflect and I try and look at the things that I, that I want to do better. Or every day, I look at demons that I'm fighting and I say stop thinking about that or get your, like, I, I, I, I, I've ramble, like my thought process goes off sometimes. So my bumps in the subway are thinking about it for two hours. Is that, is that the best use of your time? Is that the best use of your energy? Um, so, um, I know it's something that I rely heavily on, and is still a part of my life every day. Um, and it makes me better. And it, it's, it's, it's cool because the more I practice it and the more I try to improve it, the better I feel. So that's why I'm so heavily, that I want to be involved in it. It's just, that's all I can say. I'm never going to turn around and talk religion or politics of people. I'm never going to turn around, say that you should be doing this. This is your business. But I do these things because it's simple. It makes me feel good. And when I make a mistake, I'm like, damn it, you know, like get your shirts together and, and, and, and, and reflect and recognize and move on. And, and from taking that approach, I'd be just become a much happier person. That's simple. Well, Don Saladino, you are one of my most favorite people. Love you. I love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. We talked about fitness, but the reality is you're an incredible business man. Thank you. And I strongly suggest people follow you. Thank you. Listen to what you say. Listen to some of your other interviews. You are one of a kind. Appreciate you. And listen, right back at you. I mean, for me to jump on a plane and come out to see it says a lot about you, right? I mean, I love you. You've always been one of the most I'll tell you right now besides my wife, my sisters and my mom, the most supportive woman I've had in my life is you, I'm going to link where people can find you. Thank you. You have many programs and I'm excited to share the program that we've been together. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. We're going to have a good time with it. It's it's going to be good. And if anyone has ever asked any questions, should me a DM? I'll get back to the moment. Friends, Dawn Saladino.