If you have perceived stressors and challenges in your life and traumatic experiences and you're operating on a fight or flight circumstance, you know if I showed you a certain amount of neutral faces. You, I'm just using an example, compare to someone that has not experienced stressors and is experiencing a pretty comfortable life, you will perceive the neutral faces as more threatening than the person that did not experience those stressors, right? So has that going to affect a relationship? We're going to look at people as dangerous. Right? We're going to look at our environment as dangerous. We're going to look at our social constructs as untrustworthy. Thank you to Vivo Health for sponsoring this episode of the show. I have found my favorite workout shoe and that is the Vivo Barefoot shoe. And by the way, Vivo Barefoot makes a ton of different kinds of footwear for your kids to regular gym shoes to hiking boots to casual wear. Why I love Vivo Barefoot? Let me just tell you. I do a lot of number one, a plyometrics, number two, heavy lifts. And this shoe is so versatile that I feel that I can sense the ground, meaning my stability is good with the shoes and my strength ends up being good and I'm not worried about it. Am I going to roll an ankle or is the heel of the shoe to high? Studies show that by wearing the Vivo Barefoot shoe, foot strength can increase by up to 60%. This is incredible. This is like regenerative footwear in a box. You can also try it for a hundred days risk free. VivoBairfoot.com slash Dr. Lion and get a 15% discount. Use the code Dr. Lion 15. My listeners will get a 15% discount. Love these shoes. Your family will love these shoes. It is an amazing, amazing gift and a gift to yourself. So head on over to VivoBairfoot.com slash Dr. Lion. Dr. Dominic Sportelli. Thank you so much for coming on the show. We're going to talk about all things psychiatry and beyond. Welcome. Thank you so much for having me just to have this platform. I'm so passionate about behavioral health and psych. And I think, I mean, medicine in general is pretty misunderstood, but I just feel like psychiatry and behavioral health is so misunderstood. And excited to be here. Maybe clear up some things. I love that. We're going to talk science. We're going to talk psychiatry. We're going to talk about behavioral health, all the things. But before we do that, now here's the rub. You've had a ton of experience. I think you co-hosted the doctor's TV show. You've done a ton of media. And you have done a ton and still do a ton of clinical practice, which means that you've been in the trenches. Truthfully, psychiatry is not an easy field. And before we talk about psychiatry, I just have to know your backstory. Why psych? Oh my god. So yeah, thank you. And if anything, I think I really want my story to encourage people, if anything. So I was the guy that no one thought could make it to medical. And for all the young kids out there that want to be doctors, physicians, or whatever, whatever. I want to give you this story for that reason. So I grew up and little self disclosure here, which I'm totally cool about, and maybe helps people to incredibly anxious kid. Like when I tell you anxiety, overwhelming anxiety, literally the age of 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, to the point of OCD, right? And we can talk about how OCD and anxiety are correlated. But for just so you understand, before I left my house every day, I used to have to recite a certain amount of things to my parents, before I even left the home. And then once I was at school, I had to call my parents five times a day. If I broke a pencil at school, I correlated it with some sort of someone I love getting hurt. I mean, these are very typical OCD presentations. And of course, I know that now clinically, visit child, I was scared to death. And so in that regard, I suffered with a lot of psychopathology growing up, regarding anxiety and then it sort of manifested into depression. And I wasn't the greatest student, probably because of that. And long story short, I'm in biology class, high school. And it's a basic high school biology class, and they're talking about cell division, and the basis like myosis, and my toesist, and all that stuff, you remember that all that, right? And I remember looking around the room and saying, why isn't everyone here so ridiculously enamored by what they're hearing right now? Because I have this body and brain. And my heart is beating about 80 times per minute without me telling it to. I'm breathing, I'm sending oxygen to all my cells. Just to have the conversation or the thought that I'm having right now is requiring millions upon millions of neurotransmitters and just the cascade of orchestration just to be alive. Why isn't everyone so enthralled with this? And that's when I said I would love to learn how to be a doctor and figure this out. And understand the human body, right? It's like, you know, I was that guy, like I just needed to know how it worked. Maybe that was part of my anxiety, I don't know, right? Like looking back now as a trained behavioral health specialist, I can sort of like deconstruct it and say, hey, anxiety is all about control, maybe I want to control, and I want to learn about the human body. So long story short, I really wanted to be a physician and I started reading books and very young, very young, you wanted to do very soon. Yeah, but here's the kicker. I don't have good grades. I wasn't a great student. I wasn't that, I wasn't that student, you know, the one that's highlighting everything and getting straight A's and, you know, so I was embarrassed to tell anybody that even wanted to go to medical because I knew what happened as I'd get laughed at and, you know, did you have any siblings? I had, I have older siblings, I've had about 10, 11 years older than me, who actually struggled with addiction that I experienced growing up. And we could talk about that too, but, um, so here I go into college, right? Well, first of all, I need to back up because my high school guidance counselor actually said, you know, dumb, I don't really think your college material. So I was like, okay, there's my first shoot down, right? And what I kept saying to myself was, and this is what I want others to hear is that, what is this person know me? How do they, how do they know, how do they know my capabilities? How do they know, I mean, yes, sure they see test grades and things like that, of course, and that's an, I'm going to associate program director now. I'm doing interviews for people that want to come into the program, right? So, so the tides have kind of flipped, but I was the guy saying, how could someone else sort of tell me what I'm capable of, what I'm not, and what my passions are? So I went to college and when I went to college, you know, I tried, but again, not a great student. I never really learned how to learn if that makes any sense. Of course, of course. So my undergraduate career wasn't the greatest. Where'd you go? I went to molecular state university. So I went to a state college again. Didn't have great grades in high school, went to a state college. My career state was great, it was a great, great college. Had your depression anxiety, you've cleared up. Struggled with it, struggled with it all, pretty much my whole young adulthood. And, um, but loved medicine, loved science, loved biology class, you know, and, so I struggled, I got about a 3.2 GPA, not ashamed to say it, but you're not getting into medical with that, not happening. Right. So high school guidance counselor, Dom, you're not college material. College counselor, pre-med counselor, you're not getting a medical body. Sorry. Yeah, I think about something else. Right. So, so here we go, um, shoot down again. I said, you know what, I'm applying, I'm doing this as what I want to do. I filled out over 100 applications to medical schools at that time. And that time, that was a lot right now. Oh yeah. Oh, it was hard. I mean, you know, the stats back then were, you know, 6,000 applicants for 100 spots, you know. So, 100 applications. And, um, I'm going back to snail mail days, right? I'm going to age myself. We won't tell you. Look great. And, and literally 100, no, sorry. Not going. You're not getting it. And, everyone said no. Every single one. And I got every letter. So now I'm just getting reinforced. Wow. I mean, hold the cow. Maybe maybe I need to rethink this. And then I said no, no, no, no, no. I love this. This is my passion. This is what I need to do. So then I really said, what do I need to do here? What do I have to do? You got serious. I got serious. I get even more serious. And I did a master's degree at Montclare State University in biology. And, um, and I did very well. You know, my, my GPA was much better. Like, 3-8 or 3-9 or something like that. So here I go again, time to apply for medical schools again. And rejection, rejection, rejection, weight list. Ooh, this is good. Yeah, that's it. Weight list, weight list, weight list. Died on the weight list. All right. So now I have a master's degree with a really good GPA. I still want to be a physician. I'm working as a fitness trainer, by the way. Just to get me through all this. Right. So I'm working as a fitness trainer. So, um, I wasn't getting give up. And I had just about every single person in my life saying, you know, you need to rethink this. And, um, I started to think outside the box. I'm like, okay, I did my undergrad. I did my GPA, a good GPA in grad school. I'm still getting knows. What do I have to do? So I spoke to a friend of mine that was in medical school at the time. And I said, listen, what's the hardest class you're taking right now? Just tell me what that class is. And he said, oh, it's no doubt it's biochemistry. It's medical school level biochemistry. It kills everybody. It's brutal. That's okay. So I enrolled, non-metric in a biochemistry course, graduate level medical level. And I used it because I just needed to do that. I already had a master's at the time. So I just paid for this and just did it, not going toward it, agree or anything. And I said, all right, I'm showing them that I could do this. So stop telling me now. So that's one way to do it. So I get in an interview. And I go to that interview. And it was actually fun. I'll never forget this interview. And I'm sitting across from the interviewer. And he takes my file literally and he throws on the table and he sits back. And he says, Dominic, so this is like the third time you're applying to our program. I see that you were waitlisted in the past. You got an interview. And he just looked directly my eyes and he said, what's going to happen when we give you a rejection letter this time? And you know, kind of the blood drained from my head. And I was like, oh, but I thought about it. And I said, I said, you know what? I'm going to find another way to prove myself. And I'll re-apply next year. I love that. And he said, okay, shook my hand. Left the interview. And I got an acceptance letter. Oh, what an amazing story. Yeah. So, but what were you thinking? What was I thinking? Yeah. I mean, you've applied that was your third time applying to medical school. It takes a very strong person to be able to manage one rejection. I can accept you should be able to get back up. But two rejections. And then willing to go into it for the third time. That's a lot. Yeah. What I was thinking was, he's, I'm going to do this if it kills me. I'm going to do because because I want to be a doctor, I want to be a physician. I want to help people. And I feel like I'd be good at it. I just felt it in my bones. I just love it. I feel like I'd be good at it. It was the right thing to do. So, and then again, I just had that feeling of everyone else is telling me, no, but two, they really know me. Do they really know what I'm capable of? And this is the best part. The best part is I get into med school. And I am so appreciative of this that I did so good in med school. And it wasn't like, and I told you, so I'm not an I told you so kind of guy. But maybe, and I told you so for me, because I was like, I'm tutoring kids that went to I. These, that probably got in on their first shot. A.S. their undergrad, A.S. their MCATs. And I'm helping them now. Because I had to learn how to learn. I had to learn how to struggle through that. And I think that gave me this resilience, and appreciation to be at a level that I was just so in love with what I was doing. So, Neeles has said, I did really, really well in medical school. And we, so for those people listening medical schools, and I didn't see. Yeah. What was your trick for learning? Because you had never been a good student, been very challenging. You did great at biochemistry, which is unusual for anybody. How did you turn it around in terms of a learning perspective? It's such a good question. And this is what I think happens to a lot of kids that have difficulty with learning. These people don't understand that you actually have to learn how to learn. And I said that a few times here. You know, I used to be under this weird impression, because I had friends that could do this, where they read a chapter, and they take a test, and they're fine. And I was never that guy. He was read a chapter and take a test, right? So I had to teach myself how to learn. So my way was getting a dry raceboard, reading a chapter at the physiology book, and writing down on that dry raceboard, all the points that I thought were important, it could be tested on, and then a race that dry raceboard and do it again, and do it again, and do it again, and do it again, until I knew it. Now here's another very, very, very important part of this. Is that something else that I realized was that when you go sit in a lecture in medical school, that lecture is teaching you the topic, the way that he thinks it should be taught, right? But not everybody fits into that mold to understand the way that they're teaching. So what I would do is I literally had four, I could tell you which one's I were, I had four physiology textbooks, and what I would do is read the same chapter on the topic in each one, and I would go, oh my goodness, that author explained that horribly, and that doesn't make any sense. And then I would open another one, and I would be like, that author did a really good job. Now I get it a little bit better, and then I would read another chapter, and be like, oh, why didn't they just explain it this way from the beginning? So what I realized is, is that using different authors, styles of learning, just to have an open mind to that, and then that changed everything from me, everything. So when there was a topic to study, I would read maybe three or four different chapters and three or four different books, and see which one I would, which one fit me. Thank you to Ned for sponsoring this episode of the show. I love something called mellow magnesium. Ned makes a mellow magnesium, and basically the stuff tastes great, it was designed to address your energy, your calmness. So basically, I take it in the evening, it has a blend of three different forms of key lady magnesium. It has GABA, L-theonine, which is great for relaxing, it even has a couple amino acids and over 70 trace minerals. Again, it improves my sleep, helps me chill out, maybe even helps strengthen my immunity. I will tell you what, it's a great, healthy way to end your evening. And full transparency, Ned shares all of its third party lab testing, which is pretty phenomenal. If you are wondering, Ned's products also have over 5,000 five star reviews, and they have generously offered 15% off, Ned products, with the code, Dr. Lyon, go to hello, Ned slash doctor, Lyon or enter the code, Dr. Lyon and check out that's HEOLO n ed.com slash Dr. Lyon for 15% off. How did you then pick psychiatry? Yeah, it's a psychiatry. I didn't want to be a psychiatrist. I did not want to be a psychiatrist. So here I am, I made it to medical school, so I'm going to be a medical doctor, right? And I want it to live her babies and I want to do surgery and I want to do all these idealistic stuff that people do when they go to med school and they want to be a doctor, right? So all of my friends were like, Dom seriously, you're going to be a psychiatrist, you just don't really. They totally did because because I was intrigued by the human mind and I was always paying attention to behavior and I was always paying attention to motivation and all these things. And plus don't forget all this stuff that I went through as a kid, right? I wanted to understand that and the anxiety and depression. And how did I get resolved? By the way, was there a resolution to this? Well, I think I think a lot of the OCD, I don't want to say a grad of it, but I sort of matured and became a little bit more self-confident and through a lot of pain and overcoming it. I certainly think that people need a lot of help with that now as a psychiatrist, like psychotherapy exposure and response prevention for ECT and even medications. So there are ways, it's not something that typically kids just grow out of, they probably do early intervention. I mean, looking back now, I say, wow, I could have really used some help. That's been a part of it. I think I'm a lucky one. I'm one of lucky ones that sort of made it through. I'm far from perfect now, not ashamed to say it. You know, I take an SSRI every day. So and that's helped me quite a bit too. And I want to talk about that too because there's no such thing as a magic pill in psychiatry, right? It's not like high blood pressure in medicine. It's very different. So, so psychiatry, here we go. So I want to be this idealistic doc. I want to do everything. My friends are telling me I'm going to be a psychiatrist in like no way. Not in a million years. I went to med school, psychiatry. It's not even real medicine. I said that. I did. I said it. That's it. I said it. So I enrolled and I got accepted into a family medicine program. And you enrolled in psychiatry too? Or you a family med? You just went straight down like like, but when you were doing it in med, it's family med. Okay, but when you were doing your rotations, what did you like? I liked everything. I liked everything. I did. I loved everything. And I was like, well, I think that's what I need to do. I need to be a family medicine doc. And this is the realization. And you know what's crazy is that looking back on this entire journey, I don't want to sound like some where we stern philosophy thing. I can. We'll take it. Man, every single thing happened for a reason. You know, every single thing happened for a reason. I wouldn't have done as good as I did in med school if I got handed if it was handed to me. I wouldn't have chose psychiatry if I didn't experience family medicine. Right? You know, everything happened for a reason. So so I'm in family medicine and I'm delivering babies. You know, like literally, literally, delivering babies, like 40 babies, a month scrubbing in on surgeries. You know, ICU call overnight, you know, pressures and keeping people alive on the vents. And it was amazing. I mean, I learned so much. But I'm in the clinic, right? We're doing our clinic days and people are coming in and they have high blood pressure and they have diabetes and they have common colds and they have little things here and there. And this is great. And I'm treating it. It's awesome. And then a patient comes in and they say, hey doc, you know, I know I'm here for for, you know, my blood pressure, but I'm so down. I'm so depressed. I'm so anxious. And then I just like these antennae would just go and I would want to listen and I would want to help them. And no one else was listening to them. And there's a shortage of psychiatrists as you know, they couldn't get help. They couldn't afford help. So now I'm listening to them and and more than anything, I understood it because I went through it. So, okay, cool, get good good. I'm good at that little kid or cadre of patients, right? So whatever, whatever, I still don't family medicine, family medicine. And then someone comes in and they say, you know, doc, I'm starting to hear voices. I'm starting to experience and then again, my antenna goes up and I'm perking and I'm going, I need to help this person. I need to learn more about why this is happening. And that's when I said, I need to do psychiatry. That's the path. Do you think that part of it is because the physical aspect is, and I see this gently more easily mastered. Someone has high blood pressure. It's 120 over 80. Okay, it's 140 over 90, we're going to give you meds. But the human mind is so, so difficult to master. Do you think it was a challenge or that it was you were interested in the pathology of the brain or was this something else? I think that psychiatry in and of itself, two physicians, two medically trained physicians, right? So these are people that are used to physics and chemistry and labs and x-rays and getting an answer. In psychiatry, there are very little answers, spoiler alert, right? Very little answers. And I think that's unbelievably daunting to the mind of the individual that goes to medical school. Because it's not an appendicitis that you can cut out. It's not a hypercolimea that you can treat. It's not a high blood pressure that you can give an anti-hypertensive for. It's so much deeper than that. And it's emotionally intensive and it's intellectually intensive. And I'm not saying physicians in general really in, right? But I think it's intimidating and daunting to a lot of people. Not to mention, let's add the stigma to it. Let's add the stigma of mental illness. Like we don't understand it. So, you know, oh depression, just cheer up. Oh, your anxious seriously stop worrying. You're hearing voices, you're crazy. Let's just lock you up somewhere. Right? So, I think it was very daunting for people. And I think that's that's generally why it wasn't a field at that time that a lot of people were going into. But for me personally, I got it. And I wanted to help these people. And even more so, that's what made me say. I need to do this because I would talk to my colleagues and I'd say, you know, I'm really interested in psychiatry. They go, are you crazy? Like why are you going into that field? Like what are you going to do? And I was like, well, I don't feel that way, which is even more of a reason to go to do it. So, another thing I'll never forget is knocking on the door of my family medicine program director. And sitting down across from him, who's, you know, this great family physician, you know, and saying, hey, Doc, thank you for having the in your program. I'm going to finish this year successfully. But I'm going to apply to psychiatry residency. And he looked, it's the stare. It's like 10 seconds stare, you know. And I was like, and you know what he said to me? He was great. He goes, Dominic, I don't know why anyone would want to go be a psychiatrist, but you need to do it. It's your passion. Go for it. I support you. So, I finished that year successfully. And then I was thankfully accepted to Robert Wood Johnson's psychiatry program, General Psychiatry. And then I finished that and then I did fellowship in child and that lesson psychiatry. So, here I am. So, that's my story. A little bit long-winded and sorry, but love it. I just, if anything, if it helps anybody, because, you know, well, I think it helps a lot of people because there's a huge stigma. I don't know if I, I mean, I told you, I don't know if the listener knows, but I trained in psychiatry for two years at the University of Louisville. And then I switched to family medicine. So, you and I did opposite type track, which is hilarious, which means you and I both did a much longer residency than we needed to, but the training that I received in mental health was extraordinary. And psychiatry, like you pointed out, is very misunderstood. It has a huge stigma. What do you feel some of the major misconceptions are of the science, the practice of psychiatry? I mean, let's face it. You are not the average psychiatrist. You could look at, I will say, you could look at a room of surgeons and you know what? These guys are such, oh, the orthochrome. Yeah, yeah. But I would say that you are not the typical psychiatrist, which also makes you a very good person to speak up about kind of the box that exists in psychiatry. Yeah. Right. So, here's one of the big problems with psychiatry now. There are a few number one. And I think, listen, you know, that old cliches, you can't make change unless you identify the problem. Right. And I think that's why it's important to say these things in a forum, like yours. So, number one, we've already talked about that each individual is completely unique. And we'll talk about the biosycossocial approach and how important that is to assessing each individual. But remember, you have medical students who are very medical minded who still like to fix things and they approach psychiatry in that way. And I'm telling everyone this out there that and I've been a psychiatrist for over a decade now and I'm a associate program director at a teaching program and I've worked in just about every level of psychiatry that you could imagine from inpatient to outpatient to addiction to emergency room psychiatry. Is that there truly is no magic pill? There's no medication that will cure any psychiatric illness. We have medications that help in, you know, I have a nice analogy for that, but but a lot of psychiatrists are still very reductionist and medically minded. Explain what that means. It means that if someone comes into your office and they say they're depressed and you say, okay, you took this questionnaire, you're checking everything for a major depressive episode, here's some prosack. Come back in two weeks. Let's see how you feel. And let's see how you do on that questionnaire. That is not going right. That is not going orc. Someone that's psychotic hearing voices delusional, apparently. We have anti-sacotics that are very strong medicines. All right, this person's hearing voices. Let's put them in a box of schizophrenia and let's treat them with a very strong anti-sacotic and let's just follow them updated. And see if that medicine stops the voices. Well, sure, we know that does reduce those positive symptoms of psychosis. But if you're not helping this person in just about every other sphere in their life, then you are going to crash and burn. Do you feel that that's because the brain is an organ and it's saying someone has pneumonia, you treat their lungs. Would you say it's because of that or that the illness is global in its influence? Yeah, I think so you're right. I think I think most physicians think exactly what you just said. You have high blood pressure, take this pill. You have a bacterial pneumonia, take this antibiotic. Your hearing voice is take this anti-sacotic where in and I think this might be a good segue to talk about the bio-sacos social model, is that it's very important and a gentleman by the name of George Engel came up with this model to assist behavioral health, which is unbelievably important. This is my quote, I'm going to be two quick analogies ready. So the DSM5, the diagnostic and statistical manual for psychiatry, is the psychiatry Bible for pathology and diagnosis. Now it's very, very, very important as physicians to classify behavioral health and illness. We have to have a name for the syndromes that we see. How can we communicate? Exactly. If I say this person is diagnosed with major depressed disorder recurrence severe with psychosis, as a clinician, you need to know what I'm talking about. I'm sorry. So we need those boxes, right? But to me, this is what I think. I think the DSM4 is like the primary color wheel, right? We're the primary color. There's only, there's not many primary colors. Reality is the Benjamin Moore color wheel. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of shades and mutations. And I think somebody might be a little bit more to the red spectrum or the gray spectrum or the green spectrum, but reality is that, right? It's very hard to put things in very contained boxes. So the DSM is important, but it certainly does miss a lot, right? So so that being said, the bio-sychosocial model in psychiatry is so important. So every single person that comes to you, I don't care what that pathology is. If you're not looking first and foremost at their biology, now we know that behavioral health is genetic. We know this. There are so many studies that show that affect disorders by polar disorders. It gets a frendia, very, very inherent in generic. Genetic, I'm sorry. But we cannot, and then we say to ourselves, okay, if I take a dopamine blocker, I'm going to reduce the amount of the illusions or hallucinations in this individual. I'm saying things with an antipressant, if I increase serotonin and increase BDNF, reindraveneratrophic factor, I'm going to help this person. But if we're not looking at their social circumstances, what if you're in a terrible marriage? What if you have trauma from a childhood? What if you're being bullied? What if you're perception of the world is so skewed because of all of your experiences, which is, again, I'd love to talk about that, too. Definitely. How is a pill going to help, right? So you have to address those aspects of that individual's life or you're only doing a very small piece of the puzzle, right, to help them. If you're not, if you're not looking at their social circumstances, right, their socioeconomic status, their income, their education, their support systems, their peer groups who are they with, who are they surrounding themselves with. If you're not addressed, I'd drive at. Then you're not doing anything for these people. I have another analogy for you, I'm sorry. I think in analogies, you know, it's kind of a bit of a big thing, right? It's very actually helpful for the audience, as well as you know, of course. So when it comes to psychotropic medication, my analogy is this, let's just pretend that my job is to teach you how to ride a bicycle, the best possible way that you can ride a bicycle. That's my job. And I say, okay, I need to make it, but I notice the air in those tires is flat. I think okay, I could still teach you how to ride this bike, potentially, but it's going to be harder. The bumps are going to feel a little rougher. It's going to be harder to go up those hills. You might crash, right? You might affect the rest of the bicycle, right? There's going to be more stress on the other parts of the bicycle. So a medication in psychiatry to me is like making sure that the tires and the bicycle have the right air pressure. Okay. Now that's a very small piece of learning how to ride a bicycle. If I give you the appropriate medicine, it'll be easier to ride the bike. It'll be easier to go the bumps won't feel as harsh, right? It might be a smoother ride, but did I teach you how to ride the bike by putting air in the tires? No, I did not teach you how to ride the bike by putting air in tires. I made it easier for you. So that's how I approach psychopharmacology and the medicines that we have is I can make it a little easier for you with some of the psychopharmacology. But you also need to learn how to ride the bike. You need to learn how to live your life. And if you're not approaching all these other avenues, these other aspects of your life, the social, the interactive, the psychological, your coping strategies, your perspective on the world. Then I'm doing you a disservice by just putting air in the tires and giving you the bike and expecting you to learn how to ride. You know, there was when we were chatting about some of the things that you were, you know, that you and I were going to talk about. I have a list of great questions here. One of the things that, you know, I have personal questions, is it really it's to the environment that we live in now? The way in which we've been taught about stress, I feel as if the way in which we have been told and taught about our environment has actually made it harder to navigate. And I'm so interested in your perspective on stress, how have we evolved to handle it? Is it really this fight or flight that we keep hearing about? Is that accurate? Are there other ways that we can think about stress that we can navigate it? Yeah. Yeah. There's such good questions and so important. And that's why I love being here. Thank you for asking that question. Of course. So, let's go back to basics here and realize how complicated and simple at the same time that we are, right? And how it affects psychology and psychiatry and behavioral health and mental health. Evolutionarily, we are adaptive beings. We have to change based on our environment in order to survive. Now, the human mind and the human body is somewhat primitive in that respect. Because when it comes to survival, here's the truth. As amazing as we are as beings, physiologic beings, our survival mechanisms are really short-term. They are. They're short-term. And this is what I mean by this when it comes to stress. So, thousands and thousands and thousands of years ago or however far back you want to go, we develop this general adaptation principle. That was brought forth by an individual. Hans Celia. So, let's just go back when we were cave-women and cavemen if we felt a threat, what happened? Our body's experience to fight or flight phenomena. Okay. So, that flight or flight phenomenon means physiologic things now happen in the body based on what we're thinking. Okay. So, back then, if you were afraid that a tribe was going to throw a spear your way and you thought that then your body is going to change. And the way that your body changes is this huge survival sort of cascade. And it starts with, you know, all this fun stuff from medical school to thalamus and the hypothalamus and the corticotropin releasing hormone and telling our adrenal glands to produce north and north and north and north and north and south and changes blood flow. It changes blood flow to the muscles and removes it from our digestive system. It slows down digestion and emptying from the stomach and speeds up digestion in the colon and shifts blood vessels in the brain and where blood is going to flow. So, based on that thought that there's a fear that something is going to happen, our body just changed. Okay. Now, that's meant to be short-term. What do you mean by short-term? Short-term immediately. Get me out of this situation. Get me out of this situation now. Okay. I need to run. I need to fight. And in order to do those things, my body has just changed. Cortisol. You're flooded with cortisol at that time. You know, your adrenal glands flood cortisol. And what do we know about cortisol? Cortisol tells us all they ever to make more sugar. Right? Cortisol reduces the immune response. Reduce as IL6 and IL1 and TNF and, you know, all of these cytokines and immune mediators. So, but in the short-term, the short-term, the short-rate problem is, is what if you're under stress chronically? Right? So, even though we've been adapted to get out of these circumstances quickly, if necessary, our body does not know right now in the year 2024, whether we're being chased by a tiger, whether there's a tribe throwing a spirit us. Or we have a work deadline. Or our cell phones are pinging every three minutes. Right? Your body doesn't know that. All that it knows that needs to respond to a threat. It perceived threat. What a dops faster? Mind your body. What do you think a dops faster? That's that's easy. Your body. And that's part of the problem is that your body is responding subconsciously without thought. At that point, to the perceived threat, the subconscious threat. And that's an amazing question because it's responding subconsciously over and over and over for the exact reason is you don't have time to think in those situations. And evolutionarily, your body knows that. I can't sit here and calculate, well, maybe I should do this, maybe I should do that. As a matter of fact, blood goes away from your prefrontal cortex. And it just goes to the basic part of your brain, your mid brain, and your hippocampus, and your migdalene, all these parts of your brain that are like, look, you need to do this now. Or else. So it becomes subconscious. Now that's that autonomic nervous system response, right? That we all know about the sympathetic nervous system, the power sympathetic nervous system. So it seems as if it's black and white, but it's it. It's not. It's not. I mean, that sounds so great, right? And I think anybody watching your program right now that's taking an neuroscience course, or maybe neuroscientists out there, still really follow that paradigm of sympathetic, you know, is going to do all the things up in effort, nor up in effort, and heart rate increase, breathing, and creating shifting blood flow to various areas of the body, cortisol, and a million other things that take place. And then the sympathetic nervous system, you know, basically our vehicle system, that allows us to feel comfortable and relaxed and digest and slows down our heart rate, and makes us feel less guarded. You know, that's a very simple paradigm. And that's sort of what we've followed for quite a long time, but it's so much more complicated than that. And a few theories have been put forth, right? Based on that, like Steven Porter just for example, in the 1990s, put forth what was called the polyvagal theory. And, you know, it's not without controversy, and, you know, we can even get into that a little bit, but what Steven Porter just is saying is that, you know, it's more complicated in the sense that not only do we have fight or flight, but we have vagal branches that can also immobilize us, almost like old reptilian simple brains used to just immobilize and freeze. And why that's important, and ready to go down the rabbit hole, because here we go. Why that's important is this. Understand something that when we experience chronic stress or chronic trauma, and we have that autonomic nervous system that's just flooding our bodies with cortisol and up an effort and more of an effort. Eventually, you reach a state of exhaustion. And your body knows that. You know, I mean, we know as medical physicians, if you have too much cortisol, what happens? You're breaking down body tissues. You're in a catabolic state. We love to work out. I love to train. I don't want to be in a catabolic state. I want to be in an anabolic state. So, so now, some of these theories like polyvagal theory are saying, you know, you're going to go into a position of shutting down at this point. Your, your vagal system knows this and it's going to shut you down. And what I mean on him shutting down is a mobilization. This whole mental. Yeah, so in here, here we go. And also, we have to talk about this idea of chronic stress. Is that it's the perception of stress? Yeah. But if we, what if we change the perception of stress would we still have the same physiological responses? What can we do? I love it. What do you tell your, I mean, you know, your patients, what do you tell your friends? What do you, what are you going to tell the list of what can we do? I love it. You're brilliant. You're brilliant and you're leading me down the proper props here. So again, autonomic nervous system, fight or flight. If it continues, you go into a state of exhaustion and you'll probably shut down. And, and you know, shutting down is a very vague term. What does that even mean? So understand something and the viewers out there that I want you to understand is that this is a physiologic process. It's a physiologic and neurologic process. When you are in a fight or flight state, things change. For example, your visual acuity changes. You become able to see better for a very short time periods. Do you know that all of your senses change? So we know that the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, up frequencies of scary things. Um, not necessarily speaking tones, right? You're facial, muscles of facial expression change when you're in a fight or flight circumstance. This is all neurologicness. It's this is all in the data. So a point that I have is that when you're in a constant state of fight or flight, you are physiologically changing and your body is adapting to be prepared for a fight constantly. Now, how does that affect us day to day in person to person, right? It affects our thought process. And this is getting to your question. Okay. We also have something in our central nervous system called the particular activating system. Okay. And the RAS. And get this. And you know, when I first learned this stuff, I was like, well, this is wild, but we have so many things to process every single moment of every single day. Our bodies and minds in our senses or five senses are always scanning the environment for safety and comfort. Our particular activating system among other things is responsible for sleep wake cycles. It's responsible for, um, conscious awareness. It takes us through our REM cycles, right? But something that it also does that we've known in neuroscience is that it's a filter. And the reason that it's a filter is because we have so much input coming in all of the time. And the RAS is in the brainstem. It's in the anterior brainstem. It's a very small piece of our brain and then. And when is it fully developed? Thank you to Paleo Valley for sponsoring this episode of the show. Paleo Valley makes the best tasting beef sticks on the planet. And here's how I know. Because my children, who are very finicky eaters, ask for Paleo Valley beef sticks. By the way, not only are they 100% grass fed and grass finished. They are also a great source of protein. And they are fermented. They taste amazing. They have naturally occurring probiotics, which again could potentially be great for God health. Most importantly, they taste amazing. Absolutely love this grab on the go snack. In fact, I packed them with me everywhere I go. If you see me out, I might just be eating a Paleo Valley beef stick. They have omega-3 fatty acids, vitamins and minerals, CLA. And of course, bio-available protein doesn't matter what kind of nutrition plan you are on, these fit in great. You can grab yours. Head on over to PaleoValley.com slash doctor lion. That's PaleoValley.com slash doctor lion for a 15% off discount. That's a good question. We usually think that early 20s, about that time. Which again, we talk about kids, it's a little different. But now you're are you're a filter? Now think about a balancer at a door. Only letting in certain people, letting in certain clients. So your RAS is paying attention to some very specific cues. And guess what those cues are? Remember, this is about survival. Guess what those cues are. Emotional responses to circumstances. So what? Wait, say that again. That's so interesting. Emotional responses to circumstances. Meaning, if I see something that troubles me emotionally, my RAS is going to go ding, pay attention to that. Okay. So then what happens is, and that could be anything. That's the amazing thing about modern society as we get worked up over so many things now. This is why we are biased. And it's called the confirmation bias. The RAS is now choosing what we're going to pay attention to and what we're not going to pay attention. How fast is that something coded? Subconsciously. Right? Now that depends. How significant was that emotional response? And that's why we, you know, we can also talk about so TTSD and things of that nature when people really experience a trauma. But the point is with the RAS, a particular activating system. This is all part of the autonomic system. Is now you have a filter that's letting in things and not letting in things. And there's a confirmation bias in that. So let's just say it'll be super basic here. Wonderful. Let's just say that I feel that going outside is dangerous. Let's just say that. Because one day I went outside and I saw an icicle fall and just about miss me. I'm making this up. The RAS and I became nervous and scared and emotional. I made a hole fired and these parts of my, you know, central nervous system got fighter flight. So now my RAS goes, it's dangerous outside. Pay attention. So what's going to happen is day to day without me even knowing this. I'm going to see millions of sensory inputs here feel C. But my RAS is always going to confirm the danger that I think is present. So the RAS is going to say, oh, see that icicle hanging there? That's dangerous. Oh, when you watch the news today, see someone got on it today. It's going to confirm those those feelings and thoughts. So now you're looking at the world through a different perspective than someone else because your particular activating system is only filtering the things that it feels are important. Now it's doing this on a primitive scale because it's trying to keep you alive. We need this. Right? We need this and it makes sense, doesn't it? Of course. However, the problem is again, if we experience a tough childhood, maybe we were bullied and not, you know, I mean, this is this is such big topic stuff. But maybe I start to perceive the world in a negative way. Now I'm not even aware of these thoughts anymore. I just feel it. And now I look at the world as a dangerous place because my RAS is filtering and corroborating all of those thoughts 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I have a question for you. As you're talking, thank you for that beautiful explanation. Is there a way to increase our threshold for perceived stress? You know, even for example, let's take my kids. My daughter, my good at school, someone might bully her and she wouldn't perceive it as a threat. My son potentially could change the trajectory of his life. How can we, as parents or just as adults, how do we increase ours, our children, is there a way to increase our perceived threat threshold? Or are we born with it? Right. Well, I think there's a lot to answer and that and there's a lot to unpack there. But of course, there are genetic predispositions. Right. We have genetic predispositions to fear and anxiety. And there are studies out there that actually show as a fascinating study. Oh, boy, I was talking about it. So I don't want to miss quote it and believe as a university in Mexico, your listeners can look it up and I'll try and find it. Well, yeah, we'll link it. But anyway, long story short, pregnant rats who were exposed to an immersive stimuli, then gave birth their offspring were afraid of that immersive stimuli, even though they were never exposed to it. I mean, you know, so what that shows is that that fear is transferred through the genome, somehow, which again makes sense because if my ancestors were afraid of poison snakes, it's probably good information that I was born with a fear of poison snakes. Right. So but all of this is about survival. So again, to answer your point, each child is going to be a little bit different. Each child might be a little bit more risk of earth less risk of earth. There's a lot of temperament, genetics and personality involved in that. But in order to facilitate the least amount of projected pathology or problems with that, is how do you approach it? How did they approach it at that time period? Right. So how traumatic was that experience for them and making sure that it's processed appropriately? And then having the resilience to overcome it and learn from that? So let's say you didn't like going outside because the I-School fell. And you just decided that you just didn't like going outside, whether it was warm weather or not. And you don't have any conscious memory of the size of how can the listener think about evolving what number one, they're not going to know if they're a particular activating system is activated. Right? What would it be a fear response? Or is it really the subconscious burden that builds up over time? And if so, how can we remove that? So they can be the best version of themselves. Does it have to be therapy? Obviously, it's not the magic pill. How do they identify and then take action? And that's, and what you just described is 90% of the patients I see every day. Docum anxious. I don't know why. I don't want to leave my house. Why? I don't know. I don't know. I just, it's like it. When I walk out my front door, my heart rate goes up. And I start to sweat. And I feel like I'm going to die and have a panic attack. All right. So there are lots of ways to address that. So this is going to take us. You're so good at this. So this is the, I paid him a 5 under the table. So what we need to do in those cases is use a couple of very brilliant techniques that have been developed over time in psychotherapy. And again, spoiler guys, you know, Sigmund Freud was amazing and Carl Jung was amazing. We've learned so much from that. But psychoanalytic theory is kind of sitting and just kind of free-associating. You know, this sitting on a couch, you know, a sociologist. Very scholarly. But now we have more empirical ways to approach these things. So let's talk about that. So let's talk about that person that presents with anxiety and they have no idea why. And we just talked about the physiologic adaptations that are taking place, right? They're autonomic nervous system. They're particular activating system, potential polyvagal sort of circumstances that are lending itself to either a fighter flight or an immobilization type fear response. So that's all physical. Let me know that's happening. But I'm anxious. I'm depressed. I don't know what's going on. Well, Aaron Beck developed an amazing empirically verified way to deal with our thoughts, feelings and emotions. And it's somewhat basic actually. It's called cognitive behavioral work, right? You probably know about this. So basically, someone comes to you and they're saying I'm depressed or I'm anxious from having a hard time. They're, and trust me, there are many ways to approach this. This is one arm of the treatment paradigm. It's trying to understand what the thought behind the emotion is. And usually, not all the time, but usually we can identify the thought behind the fear and the emotion. Now, most people tend to carry with them these core beliefs. Aaron, Dr. Beck used to call them core beliefs. And these core beliefs might be the world as dangerous. I'm a terrible father. I'm ugly. No one loves me. Core beliefs that we've developed over time. How many do each individual have? Oh, well, it depends. I mean, dozens to hundreds, right? So that's not a set number. No, no. But you can, you can usually find the core beliefs that are associated with the presentation that they're having, like being depressed or being anxious. So what we try to do in that case is this. What we're trying to do is we're trying to do is sort of overcome the evolutionary process of preparing you for fight or flight or withdrawing into a space where you're depressed. And we're going to make you think about things that you probably haven't thought about in a long time. And that is, what is that core belief? And if we can figure out that core belief, let's challenge it. Let's re-challenge it. Let's retake your brain because right now you've learned that the world is a dangerous place for example. So let's re-challenge that core belief. Okay. Now this is the way I look at it. We have, whether we like it or not, we have an internal prosecutor and we have an internal defense attorney. Our minds just have these things. So I'm going to make something up. I'm depressed because deep down inside through multiple therapy sessions I've realized that I'm a terrible father. Let's just see that. Okay. Well, what is the validation for that? Let's have the prosecutor because all that's been happening, my RAS, my autonomic nervous system, has been reinforcing and showing me your terrible father. You need to do this. You need to do that your terrible father. You're having a confirmation bias of the core belief actually potentially could create who you are or simply create the experience 100%. So now we have to challenge that and how do we challenge that? Well, we develop a defense attorney. I object your honor, you're not a horrible father and this is why but what people have to understand is this takes work. Now back, back did an amazing thing with cognitive behavioral therapy because not only, you know, we have these core beliefs, these false core beliefs but we have to address them and then we also have to say so people do a very common set of cognitive restorative thinking, cognitive distortions. It's like non-reality-based thinking but we do it all the time. Again, evolutionary. Like what? Give me an example. I think. Okay. Ready? Just stored at discounting positive. Discounting positive. Discounting positives. As human beings, we do this. If I told you right now, 10 amazing things about you and then told you one negative thing. What do you think you're going to focus on? Be honest. Well, maybe you're so well adjusted. I don't know. I kind of, I kind of, I would say the average. They hear, I'll tell you the truth. You want to know the truth? I would focus on the negative and I would be so grateful. It wouldn't actually be how we so, so grateful. Okay. That's good. I mean, that's amazing. I mean, let's talk the average person, right? Just spend something negative about myself the other day. It's inside, right? That's called inside, but I was so grateful for the person who told me. That's like that. That is a perspective. That's so amazing. That's a perspective shift. That if, if we took that step in most people don't like the constructive criticism sort of, but really, really embrace it, then that's amazing. And you're in a good place if you could do that. Because most people can't do that. I know. I wasn't such a good place. I called everyone I know. Wow. Because it was, it's so valuable. You did do some psych residency training. I did. But I also think that we are here to be the best version of ourselves in. That doesn't happen in an echo chamber. You're on it. You're so on it. You're so on it. Your patients are lucky to have you and lucky to have this for of you. You're that guys. Okay. So cognitive disorder thinking is number one. Let's talk about the couple though. So, so discounting positives. We do that as a human species. We do that as a human species. We do that as a human species. We discount positives. Again, I'm going to go back to evolution. That's a good thing. discounting positives. Well, not really. It's a good thing if that negative is something dangerous that we need to focus on. Because remember, it's about survival. Our brain is primitive. Really? Does it really? Do you think it is all about survival? That's where it all comes from. It all stems from this. How we stay on the relay. Think about it. If I'm outside and I'm, it's a thousand years ago, whatever. And the sunset is gorgeous. And the weather is beautiful. And I have this amazing family. And I'm providing food for them. These are all these positive things in my life. But I hear rustling in the woods. What is that? I need to focus on that for safety. Our mind, even though it's 2024, we can hear all these positive things about our lives. But when we hear a negative, we focus and dwell on it. But the difference is we're not in a forest with a Sabre II tiger ready to pounce. We're not in 2024. Most of us aren't anyway. So, we need to retrain our mind to understand that that negative was maybe an insane, maybe it was a, somebody honking the horn at you. Maybe it was your boss telling you something. Maybe he owes, right? Who knows what was. But we focus on the negative. That's one cognitive distortion that we do. Another one is over generalization. We tend to over generalize things, right? Either put them in good or bad. We do black and white thinking. We put things in good or bad baskets. When that's just not life, life is very clear. Is that common? That's not splitting. Splitting is something that splitting is something that you're probably referring to like personality disorders where people will split. That's a little bit of a different coping strategy. Got it. So black and white thinking, over generalization, catastrophizing. Again, that's sort of falls in the insert that through them of discounting positives. We catastrophize our minds. Okay, it was the worst thing that's going to happen. And then we focus on that. But these are all cognitive distortions that we think every single day. We don't even realize them anymore. And we just find that we're nervous or anxious for the rest. So if you're truly doing cognitive behavioral therapy, what that therapist is going to do with you is go through these cognitive distortions. Be the defense attorney. Be the defense attorney. That every time you have these thoughts or feelings, that defense attorney is going to say, I object and here's why. This is what's good right now. So formal cognitive behavioral therapy is like homework. You do it. You have to practice it every day. And I know you're going to relate to this. I relate to this. Most people don't relate to this. Most physicians don't relate to this next point. But if I can drive something home right now, it's this. If I were to tell you that you can lose weight and improve your cardiovascular health and reduce your blood glucose and gain muscle. If you went to the gym and did XYZ every day or three days a week or five days a week, you'd probably do it and you'd see those results. If I told you, split it, you're depressed, you're anxious, and I said, listen to me. We're going to do a program of cognitive behavioral work. We're going to look at those cognitive distortions. We're going to spend 30 minutes a day. And we're going to look at your cognitive distortions. We're going to teach you how to have that internal defense attorney. We're going to review them. We're going to validate what's true. And I told you do that 30 minutes a day. Are people going to do it? Are they going to do it the same way they work out? The same way they train their body? No. And if you don't guess what happens, it all goes back to baseline. Just like if you don't go to the gym and work out and be physically active and use your mind, it's the same thing. And that's, and that's hopefully that's the gist of a lot of what we're talking about today is that mental health takes work as well. In the sense that we do have to practice these things. And we have to be aware of these things. Otherwise, we will spiral and our autonomic nervous system and our reticular activating system. It will just put us in survival mode and look at the world in a very different way. So we do have to approach mental health the same way that we approach physical health as I explain in that gym metaphor. So that's kind of cognitive behavioral work. Think I answered your question. I think I kind of came around full-circled. You did beautifully. Thank you. One of the questions I asked is this survival that we're always thinking about and chasing after survival. I would say in medicine particularly and maybe in every specialty or in every domain of whatever it is, we create paradigms of thinking. And then we believe them to be true. It's a theory and then we have a working theory. And I always wonder where, so you answer the question, you believe that we are here functioning to maintain survival. And there's the, and I think okay, so what's the flip side of survival that would be comfort and safety? Would you agree? But, Dengily, where does that fit in? I was, you know, as we were talking prior to this episode, I started reading about the Polybagus theory. And he talks a lot about the theory talks a lot about this drive for comfort and safety. And then I started thinking everybody's experience of comfort and safety is totally different. For example, some of the military operators that I take care of, their idea of comfort and safety is totally different. And then I started thinking about the relationships. So those comfort and safety and then this layering on of relationships, the operators, we are a military family. So obviously, I spend and I've spent a lot of time with other military families. The, for example, the seals, they have a brotherhood. And I always wonder, is it a brotherhood because of what they experience together, what it takes to get there? And then I started thinking, or is it because that's where they find comfort and safety that, however it is that they're processing, they're experience or how they've been trained that they're, this is a group of people that experiences comfort and safety as a collective unit and that other people may experience comfort and safety in a different way and that potentially we gravitate towards these experiences. So good. So good. And I want to, I got to expand on this, right? Great. You let me know if I get too tangential or circumstantial and just kind of bumper-bull me back because there's a lot to unpack there. This is going to bring us to a very important study that I want to touch upon. And, and you know something, I want to say something to here today while I'm here today is, you know, I'm not an innovator. I'm not a pioneer in any of this stuff. I'm, I feel like I'm very well read. I feel like, you know, as an associate program director, I keep up on things. And so I'm unbelievably thankful to the researchers out there that are doing this work. So, so busy right now, I can't do my own research for virtual, but I do need to say that. I need to say that, you know, I'm quoting a lot of things. These aren't mind-dependent thoughts. This is, you know, Stephen Porgeus with Polyvagal's theory. This is, you know, Robert Waldinger from the Harvard study. This is Aaron Beck, cognitive behavioral therapy, right? So, I give them an enormous amount of credit for the ability for me to verbalize what I'm saying today. And I'm certainly not to be in credit for any of it. Maybe I'll take credit for making it all make sense. I don't know, maybe that. But we all appreciate that. So, all right. So, what you just said to me is so profound. And that's why I want to talk about the Harvard study. I want to, okay, so everyone needs to know about this because they should read about it. Harvard did an amazing thing. They have been following people for up to 80 years. It's over 80 years at this point. And over the course of 80 years, this started a long time ago to the math, you know, minus 80 some years, where they started following children in Boston. They started following Harvard students. It started with a very biased sample actually. And that's one of the limitations. It was like white males in Boston. But now it has expanded tremendously and is much more socioeconomically and sociologically diverse. So, that being said, over 80 years, following people. And while they are following these people, they are doing questionnaires. And they're looking at their medical records. And they're looking at their neuro records. And they are looking at their family dynamic. Are they divorced? Are they married? Are they happily married? They're doing cognitive assessments. They're doing behavioral health assessments, depression questionnaires, anxiety questionnaires. My point is they followed individuals for over 80 years. It's tremendous. And I think at this point, there's over 2,000 individuals in the study. There's nothing has ever been done like this. So, one of the lead authors at this point, and obviously over the course of 80 years, it's been handed down over decades. And Robert Waldinger is there now with an associate. You actually just wrote a book on this. But what they really wanted to look at was across all of these years and all of these people, what truly makes people happy? Right? I love it. So, you probably know the answer. But I need to say it. It had very little to do with monetary. It had very little to do with prestige and position in life. But it did heavily, heavily. And there's a lot of nuance in the study. But the most heavily weighted reason for well-being and happiness, including mortality lifespan, was the closeness and satisfaction of your interpersonal relationships in your life. That's it. I mean, that foundation is so profound. Right? So, we were kind of joking around before the pod and I said, imagine, you know, we say, hey, quitting smoking, you'll live longer. Or, hey, you know, watching or exercising, you know, 30 minutes a day, you'll probably live longer. Right? What if we said foster your relationships, develop meaning and trust, and you'll probably live longer? Right? I love that. We have beyond headlines. Wouldn't that just be on the headlines of every medical journal and every like, you know, but it is. These are reproducible studies. I mean, you know, in his research or in their research, I mean, this is something that's so important. Now, what is this tell us? It tells us that we're social creatures. And I'm coming full circles here question about the seals and seal teams and coping with stress. We're social creatures. Okay. So Robert Waldinger and his colleagues and all the decades that preceded him have led us to this answer that meaningful, engaging relationships make us happy. Now, let's back up a little bit to our earlier conversation on the one. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ready? So what if we've experienced trauma, we've experienced challenge, we've started to perceive the world in a negative way through our autonomic nervous system, through our particular activating system, through these cognitive distortions that we've developed over time, how do you think that's can affect our relationships? Negatively, why? Because we're on guard, because we're protected, because we're scared. So we won't open up to people and then we won't have relationships. And when you are in that fight or flight state, you somehow think that you need to do this on your own, your isolated, no one can help you. And then what happens to the level of your relationships and hence as per this study, this Harvard study, what happens if you have poor relationships? Thank you to Inside Tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. You guys know how I feel like blood work. And if you haven't gotten yours, get on the horse because you have to know what's going on inside your body so that you can make the appropriate changes to optimize your health and wellness. And my friends, if you're not willing to do it for you, you should be willing to do it for those that you love. I absolutely love Inside Tracker. They take a whole bunch of biomarkers. Most importantly, it's very easy to get done. You can go to the insidetracker.com slash doctor lion. They have a store. You'll get 20% off. You'll be able to, if you are in the states where they have a mobile full body, click on it, schedule your blood work, no excuses, and not only that, Inside Tracker also offers inside Tracker Pro, which enables coaches and health professionals to provide premium and personalized services by leveraging inside Tracker's analysis and recommendations with their clients. It is an absolute win-win. That's insidetracker.com slash doctor lion. You're not going to live as long. You're not going to be happy. So, wow. So now we have to say. So, wow. So, it's not just like how to fix your relationships and all will be good. But if you don't, you don't have a chance. You need them in your life. But we also have to go back again and figure out why can't you have good relationships. What's happening in your life, what trauma, what experiences, what is your subconscious making you do that you don't trust people or engage in people. And you know, going back to Polyvagal theory is, is, do you know that this and here are some neuroscience for you. If you have perceived stressors and challenges in your life and traumatic experiences and you're operating on a fight or flight circumstance, you know if I showed you a certain amount of neutral faces you, I'm just using using an example, compared to someone that has not experienced stressors and is experiencing a pretty comfortable life, you will perceive the neutral faces as more threatening than the person that did not experience those stressors. So, has that going to affect a relationships? We're going to look at people as dangerous. We're going to look at our environment as dangerous. We're going to look at our social constructs as untrustworthy. So, here we go. Here's your Navy SEAL question. Well, first of all, I mean, the selection bias in that is just insane because these individuals finally making it to an operator is like selected selected selected selected selected selected selected, selected selected, right? Yeah. So now you have this group of individuals who are experiencing very, very high level stress. And when people do experience at high level of stress, they know that the only people that understand them and that they can relate to are their co-operators or the people that are involved in the same things that they do on a daily basis. And if they didn't have that, they'd probably in big trouble psychologically. And, you know, they know that. And again, I mean, talking about PTSD, I used to work in the VAPTSD clinic and I have a lot of experience with that as well. And why do you think that, you know, people with post-traumatic stress disorder present with dissociation? Dissociation. You're not present. You're just emotionally not present. Why do you have a flat affect? Why is your flat, why do they speak in monotone? It's that it's that unenomening nervous system that put them in that position, right? It's it's really fascinating. Can we cultivate comfort and safety to allow us to operate differently? Can we, I don't know, reposition what we think? I mean, because comfort and safety is different for different people, right? Some people are more introverted or some people experience comfort and safety. differently, but you know, I just, I, about you, you said in what we're talking about is that the body or the human is always looking for ways to survive. And then they're looking to survive and on the same hand or the opposite sort of the coin, they're looking for comfort and safety because there are two different things, right? The idea of survival is more fighter flight, which I always wonder, there's probably more evolved stress responses that we have. And then comfort and safety can one do both and can we change what we experience or can we teach our children to find comfort and safety in like appropriate things versus a friend group that might be bad for them or use, you know, you pick. Yeah. Again, amazing questions. I think, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to miss something here too. And I apologize if this seems more complicated at this point with what I'm about to say, but evolutionarily we also realize that we do better in groups, right? So they called the tended be friend, you know, power synthetic nervous system. So we do know that. And that's why our ancestors used to, you know, just work better in groups that takes a village that whole cliche, right? It takes a village. So we do know that too. And that's also a very, very good coping strategy. But you know, you're talking about comfort. Now, there's a very big difference in this appropriate level of comfort where you're still functioning on a day to day basis and getting through your life and, right, and progressing and overcoming challenges and having resilience. That's very different than what we call avoidant behavior. Now, avoidant behaviors are dangerous because avoidance breeds more avoidance, right? So why do you say that? Well, because again, going back to comfort, it's, you know, we know in child psychiatry, we learn real quick that when kids are anxious and they don't go to school. If they don't go to school for one or two or three days, we get them back to school. Literally statistics show that if they stay home for over thirty days, you are not getting them back to school. Avoidance of, wow, that's what we have to pause for a second because our adults, little children, is that, wait, our adults, big children. Okay, so we could potentially say what you learn towards children would then correlate to adults. That's odd, it's still odd. Okay. As a matter of fact, I'm going to, I'm going to rewind a little bit and say that, do you remember when we talked about the prosecutor and defense attorney that we have in our brain with a cognitive behavioral approach? Well, you know, Gibber Matae who's an amazing physician and again, I can't take credit for any of this stuff because these are their thoughts. But he would say that that prosecutor is your childhood voice. That prosecutor that's telling you, you're unlovable, you're a terrible person, you're a bad mom. That's a voice that you probably develops at a very young age. Right? So yeah, we're just big kids and we're still listening to that voice. Well, you know, the reason I ask is because think about all the people at home that are like, oh, I'm so anxious or, you know, people that are running companies and then they isolate themselves because they feel like they just need to be by themselves and not would compound the problem and there's no way of getting them better than. Right. Yeah, isolation is not good for humans. We know that for sure, neuroscientifically and psychologically and sociologically. But I was going to say something. It just, it just slipped me. There's so much to talk about. Oh, talking about isolation. Oh, we're going to go up. Well, well, you're thinking about that. I always wonder nature versus nurture. You are trained as a child psychiatrist. These behaviors. I know what you're going to say. You're going to say it's multifactorial. But what is stronger? Because you, your older sibling, I'm going to take you, for example, did they get rejection after rejection or something? Well, I kind of come from a different circumstance because my two older siblings are half siblings. So it's so half genetic. So just as an example, right? Yeah. Yeah. Because again, there's a lot of parents out there. I have two little kids. One would say, you know, I got my child's, we have parenting teacher comforts even though my kids not even five, but whatever, I got her report. And I can't say I wasn't shocked by it. They said that she was, you know, likes to be first and, you know, is kind of X, Y, and Z. And I can see where she would get that. But I wonder, and then my son is is totally different. They both are in the same environment. Which, yeah. Which is, what is true? Yeah. Wow. So yeah, as we're talking about epigenetics, we're talking about genetic loading of personality and temperament. We're talking about experience. So, and I realize, and I think that the listener realizes that these are super complex topics, but our children are the future. And while I have you here, someone who is trained in children, the psyche of children is no one better to ask. Well, I will say this, and this is probably, I don't know, I guess the best way that I can answer your question is that a lot of people, especially after the Harvard study came out said, you know, I'm just not a social person. And I just do them to be miserable, or I'm an introvert, like Holy cow, like, you know, or I have some innate fears. Like, am I just doomed? You know, to be anxious to rest my life. Well, I'm here to tell you undoubtedly that despite the epigenetic or genetic load, people change for the better all the time every day. And you can overcome that. Now, some people are harder than others, of course, depending on that load, the genetic load. But everyone is malleable for the same reasons that we talked about as it were adaptable individuals. I think so, yeah. So people can change. People can no matter what their genetic load or experience in life, which, again, it's biocycososcial, remember. The person that I'm talking to you right now sitting across from this table has an enormous amount of genetic, temperamental predisposition. But you also have all the experiences that you've experienced in your life that have shaped you, right? So here's you ready for another doctor, Dom analogy? Well, take it. Is the way that I look at how we were shaped? Do you know what C glass is? C glass. Right. So yeah. So picture picture a sharp object that's just tossed around the ocean for a hundred years and now it's this shaped soft stone. It's kind of like us, right? Is can you, can you figure out that one input that made that shape? No, of course not. There were hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of inputs over the course of hundreds of years that made that stone the shape that it is. And we're sort of that way as humans. Now, of course, we come, you know, what the rock is made of will affect how it is shaped or how easily it is shaped. Your, you know, is it a soft rock? Is it a heart rock? And then, you know, was there a sandblaster that was shaping it or was it just rolling in the surf, you know, for a hundred years? So so my analogies, that's a lot like people. And we're shaped by just so much. But we can change the shape and good psychotherapy and good intervention is kind of like a sandblaster. Right. To sort of change that shape and sort of reshape things for the better. I, you know, when you say reshape things for the better, it makes me think about this distorted thinking and that we kind of discount positives. Is it always, and we talk a lot about trauma, just everybody talks a lot about trauma. That seems to really influence and individuals behavior and their projection and life could there be something equally as positive that would also do that or our brains just wired to this negativity bias. We are definitely more wired to the negativity bias. But, okay. So, yes, positive circumstances affect us tremendously if we pay attention to them. That's that's the important point. Do we pay attention to them? Do we, do we, all right, look, I go to the hospital every day. I see death and dying every single day. I hate that. I hate it. I hate working with them. I see death and dying every day. I see disease. I see horrible circumstances. I see 15 year olds that have chronic illness and term illness. I see people. I see horrible stuff. So, every day. So, my life is sort of changed based on that because I am able to come home and say, oh my God, I'm standing upright. I'm healthy. Right. Not at the moment. Do I have any significant problems? So, but most people that that was a very psychiatry thing to say. Do you guys hear that? He said not at the moment. There are seasons in life, friends. That was hilarious and I caught it. Yeah. Yeah, life is a sine wave and it's important role with that. And that's called resiliency and that's a whole other discussion, psychological resiliency. And also, you're not getting off the hook because we have to talk about how do we regulate the autonomic nervous system. So, we talk about this particular activity system. We talked about the autonomic nervous system. And unfortunately, it seems as humans, we are primed for disaster. Let it happen. We're primed for it. There has to be, and maybe there isn't. Maybe some people like my husband are primed for disaster and and his response will be here versus my response would be through the roof. There has to be strategies. Yeah, there are. There are. And I don't want this to sound all overly pessimistic. You know, life is an amazing thing. We just have to pay attention to it. I think we had caught up based on our survival mechanisms to be a little bit more on the pessimistic side. Again, important and survivability. But these days, I mean, we're fairly safe. So, hopefully we don't have to stay safe. There was a couple of calls. What is it? Steve, I don't know. I'll look it up. Anyway, but we live in the safest time ever. But I don't perceive it that way. Right? We don't perceive it that way. And what's listen? I mean, okay. So, you wake up at the morning. And as you have in the zoo, right? You open your eyes. Or you show her and you grab your cell phone. And you start scrolling. And you see the news. I was a war here. There's a war there. This was just bombed. Oh, geez. Great. Another COVID strain coming around. Oh, there's my, there's my email. I have this work to do. I have that work to do. So, can you see how we're just setting ourselves up for failure? Right? And we do that day in and day out and day in and day out. So, yeah. So, I want to talk about these ways to sort of overcome this title wave of survival. By the way, he said most people. Some of us are waking up with a foot in our face. So, I remember those days to it over. I have three boys at home. Yeah. How do we how do we regulate this disaster zone of a nervous system? And I have to say, I question the fighter flight that we all talk about. I question the idea if we've just been taught incorrectly about these stress responses. So, we taught about the nervous system, the particular activating system. We know that we have hard physiological responses to these things. Ucho's psychiatry. It is incredibly complex. So, it's very difficult to say. Matthew has an experience and because of his experience or encoding of xy and z, he releases this amount of cortisol, this amount of oxy-chosen, etc. I often wonder about more evolved stress responses. And, you know, whether it's tendon-befriend, whether it's this courage response. And I guess, can we cultivate that and will that affect our ability to regulate the autonomic nervous system, this particular activating should we read light while we are doing brain neuro, you know, trans-mechanetic stimulation. What do we do? With practice. Yes, we're good. And again, I mean, listen, I was a fitness trainer, you're heavily into fitness, you know, your practice is very geared towards, you know, protein and take, and all these amazing things to help the body from a physical perspective and mental perspective. But I'm going to say the same thing. Like, if I came to you and I was like, listen, I'm overweight, I'm unhealthy, I'm eating horribly, is there hope? Is there hope? And you're going to say, yeah, we've got to work at it. But we have to work at it, right? And I'm going to tell you the same things, psychiatric, right? So I'm taking CBT off the table. I need to know, are we cool plunging? Are we, what do we do to get out of if someone is listening in there in a fearing side loop? Are there physiological things? I mean, because psychiatry is very heavily based medication and then the mental aspect, the cognitive aspect, you guys also have other tools like trans-mechanic stimulation. I don't know if they still do ECT for refractory depression. What have you found, especially in the literature, are there, should we be measuring heart rate, variability? Should individuals be doing cold exposure? Should, I mean, what can, someone at home listening? What can they do? Yeah. 500 push ups, guys. Yeah, so, okay, let's, let's go super, super, super basic, right? Yes. autonomic nervous system. autonomic nervous system is running your bodies unconsciously because we can't think about, I better beat my heart all night, otherwise I'm going to be in big trouble, right? I better regulate my digestive system to process the food. I can't think about that stuff. So our body is doing it autonomically, automatically. What is one autonomic directly linked to the vagal nerve that we can change? Breathing. Everyone's like, oh my God, I do not want to hear about breathing. But you're right. This is one of my, listen, and that's where the eyebrows come in. No, no, it's there. For this, 10 years ago, I would have I rolled that. I would have I rolled it. If somebody tells me to take the press again, when I'm nervous, I'm going to freak out because this is so woo, woo, Eastern loss of your crap. Listen, you know, the meditative practices, the deep breathing, the mindfulness, thousands and thousands of years ago, they may have not known the neurophysiology behind it, but man, they were right. Do we know, just out of curiosity, do we know how that developed or why? Have you ever read? I don't know. I mean, whoever you want to know. That's a incredible question. I think they started to realize, I mean, look, you just go to Buddhist philosophy and like one of the first tenences, you know, like suffering is inevitable. I mean, how drilling is that? Like just accept suffering and know that that's part of life and entenoppy, so distraught when you experience challenges and overcome them be resilient by knowing that that's a part of life, right? And they knew the thousands of years ago. But is that, is not wild? Wild or deep breathing, yoga, meditation. Like, these Eastern philosophies were right. Like I said, they did not have EEGs and MRIs and, and, you know, all the stuff that we have now, but they were on it and that's why I don't want anybody to I roll. I'm telling you, I read the literature for a living, I practice this for a living and you can slow down your sympathetic nervous system by deep breathing practices, by mindfulness, by meditative practices. You can absolutely do it. And that's the most primitive and basic start to all of this. You know, you said, take CBT off the table, take therapy off the table, take, you know, on stuff off the table, let's just start with that, right? Physical exercise. I want to hear about the breathing. Is there a technique that you have found really helpful? One, maybe one. I noticed before you sat down, you took a deep breath. Yeah. When, um, before we begin the interview, are there certain, is there certain cadence that you use? I wonder, I wonder if they, you know, wonder if your husband knows these from his his seal training. He does. He totally does. Yeah, because this is all I've ever heard is winter how we, for my for breathing. We know. But listen, the military is a very efficient thing in that regard that they're not going to teach you something unless they really think it's going to probably work or benefit. So when they have soldiers on the front lines that are getting shot at and they need to rest and sleep, they teach them a few things. One is box breathing. Right. It was the four by four breathing is as your husband probably explained pretty well, which is, you know, inhaling first or amount of time, four seconds holding for two to four and then slowly exhaling. That is going to activate your vagal nerve, which is a parachute. That it's just, you know, it's going to slow your heart rate down. It's going to reduce your blood pressure. Um, so all of those things absolutely 100% from a basic standpoint are going to help. So, I mean, that's the only one that I really know and then there's the flexor size. I mean, listen, we know cardiovascular exercise and, and you know, we know that that's going to also reduce sympathetic tone as well. You know, when you say sympathetic tone does that mean you're looking at heart rate variability or is that the anxiousness someone is feeling that they're blood pressure. Exactly. Heart rate variability, blood pressure increase, all of it. All that sympathetic tone that's sympathetic drive. It's going to reduce the cortisol and again, I got to be careful because I want to get two tangentials. My mind these things just pop up, but but going back to the CBT type stuff is, and again, ready for the eye rolls? I'm telling you the eye rolls. And it was me. I would have eye rolled. I promise you're living here. I would have eye rolled. No, no, they're not eye rolling. They're um, um, gratitude journals. Gratitude journals. You know, it's 2024. I look at MRIs and CTs every day. I look at labs every day. I'm a medical doctor. I'm telling you that writing an gratitude journal to drinking up in the morning before grabbing your damn cell phone. Think about five things that you're grateful for and just say them to yourself. That simple thing is. I'd like to thank one of the sponsors of the show. And that is first form. They have a great product called Opti Greens 50. And I'll tell you this. If you were like me, it's very difficult to get in a whole bunch of vegetables, fruits a little bit easier. And that's one reason why I love Opti Greens 50. Opti Greens 50 has a whole host of organic grasses and greens that are really important for the phytometrium profiles in your foods. And of course, many of us are not going to drink two ounce shots of wheat grass. You probably have to hold your nose. But Opti Greens 50 does that for you. Each serving provides over five billion CFUs. Those are colony forming units from 10 different strains of good bacteria. And this combination can help support digestion overall. Good health, which is really having a moment right now. So if you struggle with getting your fruits and vegetables in head on over to firstform.com slash doctor lion, that's firstform.com slash doctor lion. You guys are going to do this. So you know, we have a company. I would love to have you on as a guest. We have a forever strong community. We just launched. Before I did the book launch, we had 7,000 members in the community, which is amazing. And we just launched it. And I'd love to have you on as a guest. You call me. I got you. You guys, I haven't really talked about this and my assistant and my team probably in the kill me right now. Matthew over there, you're texting. I see you, you text in Alexia. We have this community. This is forever strong community. We've created an app for it. I think Matthew would know. But I love to have you on. You talk about this. You say the word. You say the word number. You do that. I'll be amazed. You say the word. You guys. I'm going to ask a link in the show notes. Allegedly, the team is going to put a link in the show notes. It would be so fun to have you on because these things that you're talking about. So we have the physiological, the breathing, the exercise. And then this idea, all of this builds resilience. And I do have some questions on and I hopefully you're still good on time. Because the, I guess one of the things that I always think about are the supplements and these THC and CBD, and oftentimes I think people think some of the, that they're benign. And also, you talk about medication the beginning of this. I am not anti-medication all. Doctors do not get paid for medication for prescribed. At least I don't know of any. And there's this thought process that my doctor wants to give me a medication. I says, I, etc., because they're going to be paid by big moments. That's not how that works. And so you guys, I do want you to hear that stuff. Yeah, if I can attest to that, I think I think psychiatry probably does take a big hit on that as well. You know, I've heard that over and over and over that were chills for pharmaceutical companies and stuff. And look, I, you know, I could be as honest as I can be, maybe you guys believe me, maybe you don't, but I've never been, I've never been a theater encouraged to prescribe medicine. But I didn't think it was, if I didn't think it was necessary. I mean, I have, you know, maybe the research is biased and things like that. But, you know, I teach a course right now in my residency program called the Prasal of the Scientific Literature. And what I'm doing in that course, I think any residency or academic medical program has this. And this is what the, what, what people out there that are maybe non-medical need, what should know, is that we teach our medical students and our residents to unbiasedly, or as unbiased as they possibly can because there's always bias is a praise literature before you make it well decision. Right. And trust me, what I tell you, that when I do a literature review and it's a, it's a, it's one of my, one of my residents brings in a journal and they're talking about this new drug. The first thing I'm going to say is who sponsored the journal? Was there any financial interest did, did, big, pharmaceuticals? Because maybe they did. And then we have to look at it critically. So, so yeah, I mean, we do look at those things, at least your good position. You are looking at those things. And it's very, I, I agree with you. And I did just want to mention it because the, you know, when you sat down, you said that psychiatry has a really big stigma. It is absolutely true. People, no offense, no offense to the psychiatrists. You guys, I did psychiatry for two years. They feel embarrassed. They don't want to say when, to psychiatrists, they don't want to say I'm on medication as if it is a personal failure. And it's absolutely not and this kind of sex segues into my question about, are there safe, so safety, any medication that eventually comes out from a cognitive standpoint is creating a highly regulated and been a bit around for has to go through fees, one gym, three trials. There's been a huge up swing in marijuana, DHC, CBD. And I'm just curious from a psychiatric perspective. What are your thoughts on that? Yeah, so, so it's a slippery slope. Yeah. And I'll tell you why. So, one thing that I also do is, is I'm involved in addiction medicine. Part of my consultation liaison psychiatry is doing detox. We also open a recap center, New Jersey Recovery Institute. But we, psychiatric, we psychologically, we have to be very careful on, are we solving the problem or are we reinforcing the problem? Are we avoiding the problem by taking the cells? All right. So, I think, you know, it's important to ask yourselves those questions, right? Now, I'm not going to vilify one medicine or one drug. And then I detox people off trust me, out of all, benzodiazepines, opioids, detox people off these medicines. Some people have problems with THC. Right. And for the listener, a clinical liaison means it means that Dr. Dom is very smart, a very smart psychiatrist. And he has to be able to understand the medicine because he'll be consulted, constantly is on what the consultation has, but we consulted for an acute individual coming in, is this delusions or delirium or withdrawal, exactly. Yeah, thanks for explaining that. It's the bridge between medicine, neurology and psychiatry, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. Now, as a psychiatrist if somebody's having panic attacks, let's just use an example of benzodiazepines. If I give someone who has panic attacks in generalized anxiety, if benzodiazepine, ZNX, out of band, clonobin, polythamisolids. Am I doing them a disservice? Maybe. And the reason for that is this, it those medicines are wonderful and they work. They calm you right down. They calm you right down. Trust me, come to the ER some time when somebody's having an acute psychotic episode or a panic episode. They're a godsend. However, just like in life, if I constantly take away your discomfort. Let's kind of have them with, there's all. You're in an even more. Because you've never learned how to deal with that discomfort. You've never learned how to deal with it discomfort. And say, I'm going to be okay. I'm going to get through it. So, while certain medicines have been shown over time to really not be habit forming and you know, sort of thing, we do have to be careful of medicines or substances that we take that just mask the problem and don't allow us to face and become resilient and overcome. And that's why medicines like band's at Aspenes can be a problem. Okay. So, you mentioned THC. So THC, you know, it's a lot of patients. And I don't know what to tell them. I'm certainly going to have an expert in THC or cannabis. And I always want to will disinfect them. It seems like they'll be coming or lying on it in a way that potentially, I don't know if it's regulated, unregulated, what is long term effects and is this we can Yeah. So THC is an interesting one. It's wow. Can it warms a THC because, um, you know, legal for a long time, uh, whole political mess with that, um, then it was medically, prescribed for quite a while for only various things. And now it's being recreationally used, right? So, okay. So THC, um, people swear by it, um, they say it helps them relax. They say it helps them sleep, right? Now here's the truth. If if a patient comes to me and says they're using THC every single day, um, I'm going to do a really unique analysis on what's going on in their life. Is there any avoidance behavior going on? Is it preventing them from facing certain issues that they need to overcome? Yeah. So it's, it's a very kind of case-to-case basis, right? Um, would I rather and, I'm fine. You can quote me on saying this. Would I rather if, if, if if the person doesn't have an addictive personality, if they're not avoiding anything, if they're getting by in life perfectly well, and they say the THC helps me sleep at night. Would I rather say, take the THC and take Andy and I'd say yes? Because I know, yeah, Ben's a dozen of teens and and sleep aids can be real troublesome. I think we're really digital. Let's get on really difficult to get all of you. So yeah, but I think it's a real, it's a case-to-case basis. And look, I have people that use THC and they completely numb themselves out and dissociate and not facing anything in their lives. And that's a problem. That's a problem. That's very different than the person that says, hey, you know, I have chronic pain and THC seems to get me through my day where the person that says, hey, I can't fall asleep in night because she just helps me wander out and relax. Very different. So you're, um, so basically, and that makes a lot of sense. But if it is there to numb the pain, etc. Are you worried about so a lot of psychiatric drugs? Haven't been a block side effect. We see whether it's hacksaw or is it prexas seem to affect the course of metabolism that I asked in my chat with them? Do you have concerns about THC doing this kinds of things? Obviously, we do know it's an appetite stimulant. I think one of the biggest problems that I see with THC is the way it can be. But the other thing I see is that after a while it creates almost like this apathetic, a motivational presentation. And that can be troubling when you're really trying to get people to progress in their lives, to maybe go to the gym, to get out and do things and be social. So, um, you know, maybe, you know, tick on new challenges in life, right? There's something about THC that we've known for a very long time. It causes some amotivational, um, circumstances and people. So we do wonder about that. We have to be really cautious about that. And that's why I think over a year is just have to be careful. And you're right, listen, man, our, our psychiatric medicines for mood stabilization and anti-sacotics are decided effects for just tremendous medical. What are you going to do? Are you going to have someone here? Or is really having a difficult time functioning? Or have them gain weight? And then people would say, well, you're going to do a ketogenic diet and do all these things. And yes, and I mean, these are acute challenges. Well, that's why we're coming full circle again again. If someone has bipolar disorder and they're an anti-sacotic or mood stabilizer, that potentially is a weak gain as a side effect. If you're not addressing their lifestyle and their diet and their activity levels, then you are failing that patient. You're failing the patient. Leave. Right. So, so we have to address all of it. Where do you think the future of psychiatrists going? Genetic testing to see them at occasions? Where where are we going? Yeah, I mean, we saw we already have some of that. We have genetic testing and standard one that you use. Yeah. So, right now. So, this is important. I think people will get the or they're misunderstanding these genetic tests for psychotropic medication. What the genetic tests do is look at your side of Chrome system. So, the side of Chrome system is how we metabolize whatever we put in our mouth. With that, it's crazy complex. And there are various side of Chromes for various medicines. Like for example, one medicine might be metabolized by side of Chrome. That's two D6, right? Two D6 or, you know, some of the way. So, so what we're looking at is basically genetically. What is your side of Chrome system look like? So, if I give you medicine A, that is metabolized by side of Chrome 2, if that genetically you have a really slow side of Chrome 2, then you probably have side effects of those medicines because you're not metabolizing them appropriately. So, all they're doing is lining up the medicine with the metabolic profile of your genetics. That's all we're doing. We're not, we don't have the capability to know whether medicines are going to be effective treat your depression anxiety psychosis, mood disorder. All that we can do right now is line up your side of Chrome, the metabolic profile with the metabolic profile, how that medicine is broken down. That's all we can do right now. So, perhaps in the future, yeah, we might get a little bit better at that. But where's psychiatry going? I, right now, I don't think a lot of people realize this, but when you do boards in psychiatry, it's the boards of psychiatry neurology, they're combined. The difference between a neurologist, a board certified neurologist, and board certified psychiatrists is that 70% of my boards are behavioral health and 30% of the neurology. We're neurologist is the opposite, 70% neurologic and 30% of the behavioral. I see, you know, especially with training and things becoming more medical and learning more neuroscience, I have a feeling that psychiatry neurology are probably going to combine at some point. How do we super interesting? That's, that's where I think it's going to end up. I mean, this could be decades from now, but I just see it. I see you kind of gravity. Obviously, the more we learn about neuroscience, the more hard data that we have in behavioral health, and it's just becoming, they're just become, by default, they're just becoming more and more late. Well, Dr. Dom, thank you so much for coming on the show. If there is anything else that you want to talk about at the floor is wide open to you, but it's just, you are a well-prepared for your education and super-very-fall. Thank you. It's amazing to be here and honestly just to have this platform to get some of the info out there that's, I can't be more grateful for that. One thing I just want to end on is based on so much that we talked about today. We talked about the physiology of how we respond to our environment and how our autonomic nervous system can bias the way we think and perceive the world and how we can have that perhaps. We've come to the behavioral work and meditative work and insight work into our thoughts, right? And then talking about the happiness study at Harvard. I think it's very, very important for people to take home something. Is that there's a very big difference in life between hedonic, way of living, um, and a way of living, let's call it the eudamonic living. And the difference is this. Is a hedonic living means that we think there's a finish line that's going to make us happy? We think if I get to be from a, I will be happy. Science, social science, psychology, psychiatry has proven that wrong over and over and over. If you have a life thinking if I just get here, I'll be happy. You're setting yourself up for failure. You have to live a life where you're present and you're enjoying things now. And I know that's none of you. I know that's not easy. But one way of realizing that is debunking the hedonic treadmill of if I get that fancy car, if I just get a million dollars in my back account, if I get that nice house, if I graduate medical school, if I become famous, if I x, y, z, then I'll be happy. You're wrong. And, you know, we talked a little bit about something called effective forecasting, where psychology is kind of proven that we're kind of bad at that. We're bad at predicting what's going to make us happy. At least duration of happiness, have intensity of happiness. We know that we can't really predict that. We kind of get the basics. But for all listeners out there, going back to all that eastern stuff, being present, being thankful for what you have now, and looking at your life as a whole, knowing that there will be ups and downs and not thinking that a finish line is going to make you happy. It was probably the biggest thing we'll get hit away from that. That's, that's to so beautifully said. Thank you so much for coming in the show. I'm both.