You're giving your female patients testosterone. Why are you giving them testosterone? There is no f***. Wow. Not all men suffer from low testosterone. All women will go through menopause. From 1999 to 2020, menopause hormone therapy dropped almost 30%. So the women's health initiative did more damage to women's health and hormones than any other single study in the history. When someone is in parry menopause, should they wait? I hear a lot of people say, well, I want to wait. We for what? These things don't get better. I see a lot of providers putting patients on estrogen cream. We don't recommend it. Every female listening to this podcast needs to be taking notes and considering this, no matter where they are in their life cycle. All women should have vaginal estrogen. And when they're entering parry menopause, vaginal estrogen with ulcer testosterone will prevent vaginal apathy. Women are not nearly a study as it should be. It's embarrassing. It's actually embarrassing how little we know about women in relation to the signs of this stuff. We cannot stop menopause or parry menopause, but we can get ahead of it. Just for the ladies out there listening, we're never going to treat menopause. It's happening. What are the most common kind of signs and symptoms that a woman is low on estrogen? Number one, you won't believe this, and this might be very surprising. But when a woman is going through parry menopause, one of the first signs, she will be getting hot flashes. You've heard about hot flashes, maybe you've even seen it. Have you ever seen a hot flash? I have not. Uh, you know, I've never seen a hot flash. I've never seen a hot flash. I have not. Uh, you know, I've never seen a hot flash. I've never seen a hot flash. I have not. Uh, you know, I've never seen a hot flash. Uh, you know, we live in Texas. Yes. Very hot here. But before moving Texas, I was in New York, and nobody was walking around with little those handheld fans. Have you ever seen that? I know that, yeah, the handheld. Yes, this. Sure, sign and symptom that a woman is going through menopause. Okay, yeah, no, not funny, but true. One of the most common signs or even symptoms that a woman is low on estrogen, hot flashes. Also joint pain, believe it or not, frozen shoulder. Frozen shoulder. Yes. And I learned this from, uh, Jocelyn, Dr. Jocelyn, she's an orthopedic surgeon who, yes, recently on the show. And I didn't realize that when women are going through muscular skill, until pain, it's not just overturning. Go figure. Then why aren't more women on estrogen? Well, I've got actually some numbers here for you. Are you ready for this? Okay, from 1999 to 2020 menopause hormone therapy dropped almost 30%. Why is that? From the women's health initiative. So it was 26.9% down to 4.7% Holy smokes. Yes, so the women's health initiative did more damage to women's health and hormones than probably any other single study in the history. You thought castrating men? Yes. You thought castrating men was bad. The women's health initiative left 20 years of women from being treated for menopause, meaning you asked me what the signs and symptoms are. Hot flashes, brain fog, mood, poor sleep. All of these things can be contributed to low estrogen, not to mention change in a lipid profile. A woman's life who is going through symptoms of menopause is, again, it is so challenging. And I've seen it and it really affects their lives. Could you explain for the audience that the women's health initiative, that was looking at the relationship between estrogen and cancer, if I remember correctly? The women's health initiative did a number of things. And the thing about the women's health initiative is it used prem pro? It didn't use Estrodile, which is what we now use so prem pro. And then it used a synthetic progestin. They found that it increased the risk of cancer. And it was, for example, I'm looking at this here, a higher risk of thromble embolism, stroke, and breast cancer. When that happened, they created a mass hysteria, and it really turned people away. Everybody, you can't, so the baby got thrown out with the bathwater. Everything got thrown out, which I think is devastating, because we're seeing rates of osteoporosis, and dementia, Alzheimer's dementia, in every week we haven't seen before. And it could have been prevented. The average age of enrollment, by the way, for the women's health initiative was 63. That's 12 years past normal menopause. A woman typically begins parry menopause, and parry menopause is a big term. It's around menopause. A woman could have these symptoms for 10 years. Wow. Yeah, really, really bad. But the thing is, is that the women's health initiative equated this Prampro on synthetic progestin with hormone replacement therapy, and it really turned people away. So just to be clear for the audience, they should not use that as a reference point. No, it dropped hormone replacement or menopause replacement therapy by 60%. It left millions of women under treated. So now that the audience of an educated and we're looking at this, what are some of the options? What are some of the delivery options for a woman who's considering going on estrogen? Well, first of all, you don't do estrogen alone. You go to your provider. You get total estrogen, estradio, progesterone, you get FSH and LH. Typically those numbers will increase so become high when you are in menopause. And around parry menopause, they'll be all over the place. Testosterone. Testosterone. Free testosterone and sex hormone binding globularine. All of which are important. These hormones are so important for a women, not just for brain and bone and heart health. And of course, lab values, but also vaginal estrogen. One of the things that I hear all time in my clinic and strong medical is that sex becomes painful or women are getting more UTIs. And then to top it off, they also can't train. And they're getting weight. Wow. It's interesting, not all men will suffer from low testosterone. All women will go through menopause. And yet, for based on statistics, a smaller percentage of them was going to get treated than men, despite the fact that every woman listening to this podcast is either getting experienced this or experiencing this now or it's only a matter of time. Yes, you would definitely go, if you are a woman, you will definitely go through menopause. And now we're seeing a resurgence of the conversation around menopause, which is so important and perimenopause, because there's a lot of myths out there and especially with the delivery system. For fertility and for pregnancy, so if a woman doesn't want to become pregnant, when she's young, she's typically put on birth control. Yes. Birth control will increase sex hormone binding labulin, which think about hormones or like kids. So we have kids both of us. We do. And they can't go anywhere alone. Same with hormones. Hormones don't go anywhere alone. But when you increase sex hormone binding labulin, you make free hormones less available, which means from a young age, if women go on birth control, then she will likely require, for example, testosterone to have a higher dose of testosterone than she would normally to get the same result. Wow. I don't think that's discussed a lot. No. Yes. What is definitely not discussed is that birth control while important, that when you are taking an oral agent, it can affect the microbiome. Actually, we worked on a study with the legendary Alvaro My Eyes and the gelpin. Oh, yeah. We just recently published a study on that. Oh, yeah. It affects the microbiome. Also, we'll irreversibly increase sex hormone in the microbiome. And again, someone will say, well, isn't preventing pregnancy important? Yes, but there are other ways to do it like an IUD, which is the marina, a non-hormonal IUD. If a woman is entering parry manavas, and is starting to get increased bleeding, an IUD can be very helpful if she doesn't want to take the pill, which personally I don't recommend. But again, you have to look at your blood work. No, that's great. Hormone replacement therapy is in an option for somebody. Are there any natural treatments that women in the baby? For menopause? For menopause. We're never going to treat menopause. It's happening. You're never going to stop it. And I was recently at this amazing event. I went to a place called Nutopia, which actually I came work to your house to practice this talk. And it was this talk about conscious consumerism. One of the things that I kept seeing was take this for hormone balancing, this food for hormone balancing. That's the wrong message. Hormones being quote balanced. What does that even mean? The outcome that we're looking for, probably, in younger women is fertility. Polycystico variants in heroma is the number one cause of female infertility, which in a large part is related to the health of skeletal muscle. No amount of supplements is going to fix that, but a good diet and training regimen will help. Which, again, I know that we're talking about menopause and hormone replacement therapy, estrogen and progesterone and testosterone are not used to treat body composition for menopause. Which people will say, I'm going through menopause. My body is changing. Astrogen should never be given alone. It should always be given with progesterone, progesterone protects the uterus and the endometrium, delivery systems for estrogen. Someone listening to this are number one delivery system that we like in the clinic is an estrogen path. Now, we live in Texas. Yes, we can use it. Which means it's hot. And if you are swimming a lot and going in the sauna, you might find it's not great for you. Then what do you do? Yeah, so if you're using a Nastroviol patch, what's the, you mentioned one mistake you've avoided, swimming a lot. A great question. Actually, I called Dr. Rachel Rubin. I don't know if you know Dr. Rachel Rubin. I do think she listens to this podcast. Rachel, I'm looking forward to seeing you at the North American sexual medicine meeting. But she said she'll use injections. And if someone cannot tolerate a patch, then potentially an estrogen injection. I think that it's a little volatile for people, but estrogen patch is the number one way to go. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use. And in order for me to feel comfortable recommending a brown, I need to know it's clean and transparent. And that is one reason why I love when the sponsors of the show peory. Because every single batch of PW1, way protein is, get this third party tested by the Clean Label Project for more than 200 harmful contaminants, including lead, heavy metals and pesticides. It also has 21 grounds of minimally processed, clean, high quality, way protein powder from grass fed cows milk, no hormones, no GMOs, no pesticides, they were probably massage. And also, it has 2.4 grounds of loosein. PW1 way protein is made from a few cleaning ingredients and comes in two delicious flavors. Burbin Vanilla, which it has real venelaceeds from Burbin Vanilla from Madagascar. PW1, our chocolate with dark chocolate from raw organic cacao powder, sign me up. Go and get 20% off site wide by going to peory.com slash Dr. Lion and use the code Dr. Lion at checkout for 20% off. That is P-U-O-R-I.com slash Dr. Lion and use the code Dr. Lion for 20% off. So for the injections, how do you do that? Is that 70 tinius or in about skill or? You can do all hormone subcube. And you could even mix it with your testosterone. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And also guys, we're not giving medical advice, but we get so many questions on hormone replacement therapy or menopause replacement therapy and because of all the myths out there, I thought we could break down a little bit what we do in clinical practice. No, but I want to go back to that. And pump the brakes. You just said testosterone in terms of hormone replacement therapy when we're talking about the female patient. Yeah? You're giving your female patients testosterone. Yeah. Why are you giving them testosterone? I don't want to say it's because it helps their husbands feel happy. I'm just kidding. I don't want to say it's because it helps their husbands feel happy. I'm just kidding. I'm totally kidding, guys. testosterone is really important for a women and it's important for sex drive. It's important for muscle mass. There is no FDA-approved testosterone. For women, even though we can treat hypothyroidism with thyroid hormone, we can treat menopause with estrogen, estrodiol. But there is no FDA-approved testosterone. Is it women? Do you think there's just such a stigma with testosterone and women or just a lack of understanding? All of it. I was shocked when I started treating women with testosterone. I was shocked at how little data is out there. And actually we're working on a study at Baylor on safety profiles to really help move the needle for people. But in the US, it is not prescribed and you're losing much as it should be. There is no FDA-approved indication. People typically give testosterone off-label for hyposexual desire disorder. Is that the only reason? I mean, not if you're a microchenec, but that is really one of the indications which is unbelievable to me. Yeah, that seems a little sexist, right? In terms of that's the only reason people are prescribing it to a female. Well, the off-label indication, but when you think about it, testosterone is important, not just for men, but also for women. And there are testosterone receptors everywhere. One of the things that I was here for from women is that there are free to go on testosterone because there are a freight of losing their hair, getting acne, voice changes, that their clitoris will grow. If you are being treated by a physician who is tracking your blood and you are given appropriate doses, not superficial, logical doses, you should not have a problem. In then for their labs, are there any values that hard-fastery you're just looking at the holistic patient, kind of profile every time or their numbers that kind of like the males have the 300 nanograms per deciliter? What does the female have? And that's a really challenging question because we don't have great data for women. The typical dosing strategy is one tenth of male dose. If a man gets 100 milligrams of testosterone, a woman should get done, which that would be on the high end for us, the best delivery system for testosterone in my opinion is a sub-Q weekly or bi-weekly injection. Which they could do also with their estrogen if they don't want to do the estrogen eye match. So that's all that one. Good. And you're probably thinking, what would you start with? Yeah. Are you wondering what you would start with? I am wondering what you would start with. I would typically start a woman on testosterone before if she is younger and she has not gone through menopause and looking at her labs, she has low libido. Why is libido important to treat? Mental health. There's a lot of other factors. But the guy might get real. But I know. Just setting up those also hilarious. Think about this. The relationships having a good relationship with your spouse is everything. And everything. You're not going to be able to live well if you are constantly at odds with your spouse. Now I've been a doctor for well over a decade. There are two things that people that couples fight about. Money and sex. I can't help someone's financial situation, but I definitely can help their sex life. OK. And it is a couple's responsibility. A couple's disease. And I want to say disease. But hyposexual desire disorder would be, it has to last for at least six months. And it's not just a fluctuating libido and it's not just in her head. And oftentimes, it has to do with hormonal changes. Wow. That's great. And I'm sure very helpful for a lot of the listeners. What about, so when a female goes on testosterone, are there any body-compossated changes? Or are there any other things? Because you mentioned some of the masculizing effects of testosterone. What can a female who wasn't on testosterone expect once she gets on testosterone? What I have seen is that women's muscle mass can increase if they're training. You'll also see her recoveries better for a woman going on testosterone. I think it's really important to manage expectations. When women come into our clinic and they say, I'm going through menopause. My body composition is totally changed. When they start estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone, we typically don't see a change in body composition if that's all you're doing. Which, and I can't give you an answer as to why, but as opposed to say a male, we were talking about that other study you put a man on testosterone. It goes up, muscle goes up. But also the dose is so much different. The dose is one tonth, a male dose. When she is training and her diet is together, we do not necessarily see a negative change of body composition through menopause. And that's probably one of the most common things that women will say. I'm going through menopause. Let's take away hot flashes. Hot flashes bring forth those two listen. We hear that all the time. But also women release struggle with body composition changes around this time. And the question is, is it related to hormones? Probably. But once you replace those hormones and our symptoms are better, if she is not training, eating well, and drinking less, we won't necessarily see changes in body comp. Yes, you gotta do it. But I mean, it makes sense because like estrogen is going to affect insulin sensitivity. So last estrogen, last insulin sensitive. So I mean, it would make sense that you can prove that, you can prove body composition. I know we're talking about menopause, but paraminopause is there fertility? Like what's that look like? A woman still wants to conceive? Are you guys planning to have any more kids? No. We are not. This is a great question. A woman who is going through paraminopause, which paraminopause is that time around menopause can happen, that can last 10 years. The average age of menopause is around 50. Which is so disappointing. It's happening. I do think just for the ladies out there listening, we have to accept it and it kind of sucks. Because with lower estrogen, our skin changes, our joints change, our hair changes. And how can we stop that from happening? Well, we cannot stop menopause or paraminopause, but we can get ahead of it. What do I mean by getting ahead of it? If a woman is having symptoms, but still menstruating, let's say, her periods are terrible and she's not sleeping. We would start with progesterone first for sleep. Micronized progesterone, and that is given early. I see a lot of providers putting patients on estrogen cream. We don't recommend it. We recommend Micronized progesterone. The absorption is better. Also, functions as a GABA agonist, helps people sleep. There is also progesterone trokies. And I'm going to give you another tip, postpartum, some women that go through really bad postpartum depression. Sometimes, providers will give, say, just a shot of progesterone, 200, no, I'm shot. And that can help. With postpartum depression. Wow. And the cream is that just an absorption, just a... Yeah, and also the metabolism. Cream is interesting. It's really tough for people. Now, the delivery mechanisms for hormones. Let's think about what they are. Injectable, topical, and oral. Injectable, there's a lot of ebbs and flows because you inject it. There's a peek in a trough. Topically, you have less ability to control the delivery system here's why. And I'm saying delivery system, that's not the right word. For example, an estrogen patch. And I've used estrogen patches. I switched from the Vivaldeut to generic. And I looked at my numbers and my numbers in change. It was because my skin was not compatible with that patch versus the Vivaldeut. And again, I've no relationship to these companies. The skin quality and the kind of skin you have. Makes sense. Please, a roll. Yeah, it's thicker skin or, you know, for whatever reason. You mentioned those other delivery methods. When we were talking a little bit about testosterone, what about the nasal estrogen? There is, I do not use an nasal estrogen. What a great question. Why not? I don't know. I don't know because the patch works so well. I don't recommend estrogen cream because think about it. The patch exists. Have you ever seen an estrogen patch? I don't think I've ever seen one of person. The patch has the designated amount. As opposed to the cream. The cream is, it's totally messy. You might do two pumps and maybe you got this time, you got a bigger pump. I can see that. But the absorption for estrogen cream, I'm not a fan. What I love estrogen cream for, and I think all women should have vaginal estrogen. And when they're entering parry menobas, vaginal estrogen, with also testosterone and even DHA in the cream, will prevent vaginal after-feed and protect people from UTIs. Wow. Is that compounded, that combination, or is there a product out there that already does that? We typically use compounded, but every woman listening to this, who is going through parry menopause or someone who is suffering from UTIs. Number one, do not get conspated. Constipation increases your risk of UTI. Believe it or not, it affects the anatomy. And number two, estrogen cream is really good for the flora. Wow. For the vaginal flora. Yeah. Did you know that? Thanks to one of the sponsors, it has me asking, why go out when your pajamas feel better than most relationships. Cozy earths pajamas and blankets are so irresistibly soft and breathable. And of course, stylish, you'll find yourself planning your evenings around that. After a long day of traffic, kids, stubbing your toe on the coffee table, I may or may not have done that. This morning, slip into Cozy earths bamboo stretch knit pajamas. These lightweight, ultra soft pajamas are crafted from breathable stretch knit, bamboo viscous. That sleeps noticeably cooler than cotton. They are perfect for keeping your temperature regulated. And if you thought it ends there, well, it doesn't. Sink into luxury with their bubble cuddle blanket. It's unique, textured bubble design and plush faux fur. It's amazing. And it adds beauty to any rub. So if you're not sold yet, let me get to the point. A hundred night sleep trial. A ten-year warranty on blankets, lifetime guarantee on a peril. Man, it doesn't get better than that. That's right. Cozy earths, the extra comfort with promises, the last. Head to cozy earth.com and use the code, Dr. line a checkout. Pour up to 40% off your new favorite pajamas and blanket. And of course, if you get a post purchase survey, tell them that you heard about it here. Thanks to one of the sponsors of this show, Bon Charge. Ben, if you're a mom out there and you've been carrying a whole team, I got a different form of therapy for you. And that is red light therapy. In listen, good light impacts sleep hormones mood and even your ability to recover and focus. And on Charge has created science back tools to help me live in better alignment with my circadian biology. Artificial light is overloading us. They have blue light blocking glasses that are staple in our house. They have red light, they have red light light bulbs. They also have infrared, p-m-f-m-s to help chill my body, relax my muscles and support full body recovery. If you've never tried red light therapy, this is the time to do it. They have some of the best devices that I've ever seen great for skin and might have a control health and overall resilience. If you care about your skin, if you care about your sleep, if you care about your body and want to try something new, check out BonCharge.com slash Dr. Lion, use the code, Dr. Lion to get 15% off your entire order. Simple, proven, designed, do support your biology. You mentioned DHA and so we talked about with males. Are there any supplements or anything like that that are out there for estrogen production or things that you put females on that you'd recommend? DHA is one of the agents that we use. Okay, believe it or not, because I kind of poo-pooed any kind of oral hormone balancing, but DHA definitely can be used. We use anywhere from 5 to 10 milligrams depending. You can even go to 20. Sometimes women will get some acne from it, but there is potential evidence for it to be supportive. DHA use in women. Also, we were talking about hyposexual desire disorder and the genito urinary symptoms of menopause. There is an FDA-approved vaginal DHA insort, which is 6.5 milligrams and it is called intrarosa. And it's indicated for postmenopausal women with painful sex and Volvo vaginal atrophy. The DHA versus just the estrogen, because minor sinning, the DHA, it can go to estrogen or testosterone. So is that just kind of given the body, for lack of a way to reduce what it needs to produce in the ratio that's needed? But also keep in mind, if a woman is in menopause, DHA is separate. And that's one of the blood markers that we measure. I don't know if I mentioned that earlier. We do measure DHA. DHA can be important for inflammation as well. If a woman is on estrogen, progesterone testosterone and you measure her DHA in its low, definitely supplement it. But I also want to be clear in terms of expectation. A woman who is in menopause isn't going to take DHA in all of a sudden feel better as if she is on menopause replacement therapy. DHA is always used in conjunction. It's never like a monotherapy. It can be. It can be when you're young. But again, the fine young. The fine young. That's right. That's such a good shriek question here. When you are young and you are making hormones, you have a lot of flexibility. As you get into parry menopause, you'll see that sometimes cycles become irregular. You will see sleep gets disturbed. But if you measure your blood work, the blood work, you might go to the doctor and the doctor who might say you're fine. And you go, you know what doc? I'm just having brain fog. I'm not feeling well. And you have to be able to treat symptoms. And one of the ways that we, and there's various ways to measure, you know, you can do it very complicated. There are month tests. Can you imagine testing urine or blood levels for a month to see what your markers are? That's what I'm not fun. But I think that figuring out how you feel as a woman and understanding that there is a cyclical nature. And starting, I think, progesterone, which is protective, uterone protective can be very helpful. And our starting dose for women. Again, we use a micronized progesterone. It could be a hundred to two hundred milligrams. Women with endometriosis seem to respond really well with micronized progesterone. And it's a great place to start very safe. Again, right now we have a landscape of coming out of being afraid for the last 20 years. And so in that same vein, I have a female friend who went to their physician and asked about these things and were immediately shut down. Media, your font, everything's with an ornament of value. So I want to ask you, you know, how do you recommend that patient who maybe went out and asked their provider about these things we're talking about? And they get shut down immediately to tactically push back. And then is there a point or cut off point, you would recommend that they go find a new provider? Probably immediately. Okay. I mean, because part of being a physician and you know this, you see patients, but you have clients, you know, as a ranger and dietician and taking care of high performance individuals, it's a team sport. If someone is coming in and saying, hey, I'm going to give you an example. Are you ready for this? Yes. I know a patient, she's postmenopausal and she missed the quote window of opportunity for a menopause treatment. There is information out there that once you are 10 years past menopause that you cannot be treated with hormones. We'll think about all the women that missed. That doesn't seem right. Right. Part of it was the increase in coagulability with an oral agent. There's concerns about blood clots, strokes, but we have to recognize that number one, women are not nearly a studied as they should be. It's embarrassing. Yes. It's actually embarrassing how little we know about women in relation to the science of this stuff. Number two, there is a lot of information that's taking a long time to get out. For example, oral, say, oral birth control might increase coagulability, which is the clotting in your blood. There's very little evidence that an estrogen patch, because of the delivery method, increases coagulability. Or, again, people are concerned about DVT. So, back to the story of this woman who's posed for a pause, I told you a lot of nicotine gum. And the provider said, well, we're not going to put you on estrogen because of it. But the reality is we have to re-educate and understand that is, I appreciate the safety of that, but we have to recognize that the information out there is not the same. It's not just about estridile. It's also about the delivery mechanism. From a safety standpoint, estrogen is specially delivered in a patch. It's very, very safe. So with that and kind of back to that case, a woman goes into the physician. She's experiencing this. What should she say? Is there a lack of a better word of script or a word she should say? And then you're saying, if that physician immediately shuts you down and they're like, you know what, you're fine, you're not in a disease state. Yeah. You would say immediately go and look and try to find another provider. I would. There I believe that there's two ways to looking at preventative care and medicine. Again, there's probably a lot more than two ways, but there is the physician that is going to treat you for a cold. Treat you for things you're coming in, you're sick. I'm treating you. Yeah. And then there are the physicians that are thinking long term. For example, we know men are processed coming. Hot flashes are real. It's not just hot flashes. It's osteoporosis. Is someone falls and breaks a hip. It's not just, I have brain fog now. We're talking about Alzheimer's later. If you treat these things early with velocity, then your chances of living a long, healthy life and one that is enjoyable increases as opposed to, you know what, you're not there yet. Your FSH and LH are not really high. Your estrogen is not zero. Why would you wait? No, that makes perfect sense. And so is there a resource or a kind of a place for when an interested in this? What we're talking about to find these more forward-thinking, preventative physicians that are out there? Well, we treat it in our clinic, strong medical, but also you can look at their various organizations of physicians that are trained in menopause treatment. Again, there's the endocrine society, a-cog, nams, NAMS. I don't know who came up with all these acronyms. But yes, and I will say that people will go to non- hormonal medications. If someone says, well, you know what? I'm having hot flashes. Someone might say, okay, well, let's put you on an SSRI. Well, or I'm depressed, let's put you on an SSRI. As opposed to just like with men, if a man is depressed, well, we check his testosterone, or we should be. We should do the same for a women. Pressure. Wow, I didn't even think about that. So that is really a great point to highlight is some of these psychological issues that we may see that we're going to psychotropics could actually be fixed via hormonal therapy. Totally. The next question is, when someone is in parry menopause, should they wait? I hear a lot of people say, well, I just, I want to wait. We for what? And I don't mean to be negative. Not getting better. But these things don't get better. You are not, I mean, could you suffer and go through hot flashes? Totally could do that. Will your brain fog stabilize? Maybe. The next question is, how are we also going to protect your bone? Do you need to train? Yes. Hormones and be better? No, you have to have these lifestyle factors in place. But the conversation needs to change a bit in the way that certain things are not going to get better. You are going to have less estrogen. You will have typically less progesterone. Your testosterone may go down. These are not things that through a flour or an herbal tincture or psychotherapy is going to change. It's that time again, man flu season. Wait, no, just kidding. All flu season. And needed immune support. It's an easy to take delicious, elderberry powder and it's designed to support optimal immune health for the whole family. Man, when I was pregnant, I could not figure out what to take. And most immune support products aren't designed for all ages and all stages. Needed, immune support is safe. And effective for the whole family. Kids, pregnant moms, nursing mothers. It has zinc, elderberry, pre-botics and post-biotics in optimal forms. And of course, dosages that are clinically studied, safe and effective. It is formulated by a group of pediatric practitioners and moms, one serving daily for optimal, immune support all year round. And let's face it. There's a lot of stuff on the market and it's important to get clean products. Go to this isneeded.com and use the code Dr. Lyon for 20% off your first order. That's this isneeded.com. This is really exciting and eye-opening because basically every female listening to this podcast needs to be taking notes and considering this, no matter where they are in their life cycle, whether it's pre-emptive or there are already experiencing this and either get treatment right away. Yes. And therapy is very safe. It is approved MHTZomenopause hormone therapy, considerably lowers a risk of hip fractures. That's huge. Hip fractures. Which can be a death sentence. I mean, people don't understand. A hip fracture when you're 70 can be fatal. Yes. Yes. Cardiovascular. Protection. Again, it's not the only treatment. We can't say, well, I'm going to give you estrogen and it's going to prevent your cardiovascular disease. But it's going to rage H-E-L for my liver type glycerides. Yep. And also, trans-normal estrogen, micronized progesterone, and then the merena, it does not appear to increase the risk of DVT, which, again, has really one of the main thermos. Which is one of the reasons why people have really turned away from it. Trans-termal estrogen, micronized progesterone, also it appears to be favorable in blood pressure. Wow. But that's something that we didn't talk about testosterone can increase blood pressure. That is, again, something that we didn't mention. But I also looked up to numbers and recent reports indicate that only 1.8% of women over 40 are using hormone therapy for menopause, even though 100% of women go through menopause. There is like 98.2% of the population out there that needs to be on it. Yeah. Yeah. And it becomes a really important conversation. The estrogen and progesterone people are much more open to it now. And that's FDA approved. But testosterone is not. I just want to put that out there. I think that that is fascinating and important to understand. Yes. No, especially given all the benefits that you just highlighted, why wouldn't it be FDA approved? I wonder if that's coming with enough people using it off label, right, or just the surge. And then the other thing is imaging. And we didn't really talk about this. There is also a lot of information out there where people are afraid to get mammograms. At 40, you shut. There is no reason why you wouldn't go and get a mammogram. People are afraid of radiation. And I would say, listen, you've got to put these screening pieces in place. But what about the woman that cannot use hormone replacement therapy? Yeah, what does she do? Well, this is where a real conversation comes in with both the oncologists and the menopause. It's not as expert because not all cancers or breast cancers or uterine cancers, whatever kind of cancer, necessarily would exclude you from taking hormone replacement therapy. Now when you take a look at men, there are men that have prostate cancer that are treated with testosterone. Yes, that's important. And they do better. You have to, it's not throwing out the baby with the bath water. Separating for taking each of those instances separately and looking at it. No, I mean, this is all great information. And I think for that female looking to consider a hormone replacement therapy, you have that conversation. You've laid out a great roadmap into how they should approach that. And then most importantly, if their physician is not willing to have that conversation with them to find a new physician. I agree with that. Let's talk about how often individuals should get blood work. Yes. And depending on where you are in your cycle, you can take it on day 21, etc. But let's think about how often a woman should be getting her blood work who is going through menopause treatment or even perimenopause. At baseline, four to six weeks after she begins a therapy. And then I would do it again another three to four months to make sure that she's regulated. Do we regulate based on blood work numbers? Not necessarily. She should have symptom control, a vasomonder symptom. She should be sleeping better. She should be feeling better from a mood perspective. And also, we want to see, again, this isn't direct treatment. But if her cholesterol numbers really tank during menopause, which is what we see perimenopause menopause, we should see some improvement in that if she's being treated. And then of course, it's not always hormones. You have to look at thyroid as well. Meaning it's not always sex hormones. You have to look at everything. So you should have thyroid panel would be part of that always. It's going to get with it. Let's talk about how a woman can take testosterone. How a woman can take. A woman can take. But the size of the mix, yeah. Okay. How a woman can take testosterone. A woman can take intra-neasal testosterone. All right. A woman can take testosterone gel or cream. Very messy. She can also take testosterone intermuscular, intershoulder. But she can also take it subcue. I imagine the cases are kind of similar like the male and that you're going to see more of the peaks and troughs intermuscular or now. It depends on if a woman is. And I think that eventually women will be able to take it early through the lymphatic system, which would be so Kaiser Druxes used for males. But I do think that eventually they will be using it for women. Women do the best clinically that I have seen with subcue doses of testosterone. And we start anywhere from five milligrams a week. It should be typically one tenth of the dose of a male. Five milligrams is often two low for women to feel better with libido. Uppards of 10 milligrams a week seems to be a sweet spot for women. We're talking about this just to clarify, would you ever would test testosterone, just be the only therapy you would do? Or is this always in your collection? Actually sometimes. Oh, wow. Sometimes it depends on the woman. Some women you put on estrogen, they don't feel great. Progesterone is great for sleep and some women do great on progesterone. But nearly all the women that I have treated do very well on a low dose testosterone. Therapy. That's surprising. I think because what percentage, I don't know if we have that or like women who are, I mean, we talked very low to low percentage and women take an estrogen. What percentage probably are taking testosterone even below that? So we talked a lot about estrogen replacement therapy, hormone replacement therapy at these females. What are some of the risks associated? Are there any? What's that saying? There's no free lunch. I mean, they're my way. But when it comes to hormone replacement therapy, in listen, everything has a risk and we have to balance the risks and benefits. Whether it's terzepotide, ozembeck, all of the agents, everything has a risk. Astrogen, progesterone, testosterone. The risk isn't the same for everybody. Would I say that it is a benefit? I would say yes. But it's definitely case by case basis. Can there be an increased risk in breast cancer or uterine cancer or depending it depends on your genetics with your lifestyle, with these agents. A good provider is going to sit down and go through everything with you so that you can make an informed decision. But we can mitigate certain risks that we know. So for example, if we know that an oral agent is going to increase the risk of a coagulopathy or some kind of clotting that we would use transdermal instead of oral. Got you. So look, you get not only the substance, but also the administration, the router delivery, all like that. And then getting uterine ultrasound, getting a mammogram routinely, getting prinovo or a full body MRI scan, also doing the early detection, cancer screenings, there are all things that we can do because ultimately the idea is how do we live as better shone or humans? That is awesome. Yes, I love it. Again, hopefully this was valuable and helpful for people in understanding what kind of blood to get, how the deliveries are done, why it's important. And again, this is just the beginning of the conversation. Yes. Thank you so much, Nick. No, thank you.