What would be the takeaway then for someone listening, saying, I need to design a diet to lose body fat? So obviously higher protein, low carb, and resistance exercise, exercise in general is the combination that's going to be most beneficial. So that is a lifestyle change of how you approach it, but the higher protein and the exercise protects your lean tissue, particularly your muscle while you're getting rid of the body fat. And we think that's a sustainable weight loss. You've corrected body composition without jeopardizing your metabolic the active tissues. And I also want to highlight the activity that they did. Now I'm going to call you out here because we're talking exercise. And really it was five days a week, 30 minutes walking, and two days a week of resistance exercise. I would love to hear you tell us what their resistance training program was because the goal is for individuals to understand that everybody makes choices and not everybody makes good choices. And this allows you to make good choices in a way that it's not crazy. Because when you hear the exercise plan when individuals lost nearly 100% fat was nothing rigorous. Yeah. I mean, we again, we had our our midlife women who aren't well put, who aren't in general gym rats. They don't love going to the gym and pumping iron. And so when we do fine, contrary to the person sitting across the table, they were from. Yeah. And so we wanted to design a resistance exercise that was based on range of motion and stretch against resistance. So we had a 30 minute supervised session where they did about 12 minutes of yoga supervised. Again, it's more you know rigid type of resistance. You know, it's it's not necessarily movement, but it's resistance. It's body weight resistance. And then they did another 25 minutes of notalist machines, but we didn't require them to put any weight on it. We told them we're interested in range of motion. We want you to do two sets of 12 reps. And basically you can put on whatever weight you want. And so most of them did very light weights. And that had the benefit. And it had the benefit in both diets, but it had an enormous synergistic effect in the higher protein diet. Why do you think that was, do you think they were untrained individuals? Oh, yes, most of these were not exercising people. They were by definition obese. They were above 30% being a lie, 30% body fat. So they were sedentary obese untrained. And so it definitely had an effect. And it had a dramatic effect on that weight loss. And did you also look at blood lipids? We always look at blood lipids and blood glucose and blood insulin and all of the studies. Clearly when you're doing reductions of carbohydrates, which you're looking at is more than metabolic syndrome type of thing. So blood pressure, wascer conference, HDLs, triglycerides. We always find that when you go to a lower carbohydrate diet, you dramatically drop triglycerides by at least 20%. And in fact, that actually became one of our primary biomarkers for diet compliance. If we found individuals weren't reducing it, we knew they weren't following the diet. Can you give me an example of the gram that they started at the gram that you reduce them to to see that those changes in triglycerides? So when they first came into the study, their total carbohydrates were probably close to 300 per day. So we reduced everybody's calorie intake down. So when we were looking at the food-guide pyramid group, they were getting just under 200 grams of carbs per day. And then in our group that was getting the reduced carb, they were getting about 135 grams. What we have seen is that to get these triglycerides effects, you need to get below about 140 grams of carbs per day. So 100 grams, 90, 120 grams, you should see that effect. So we see the threshold of about 140. So if people wander above their snacking or whatever, and they wander above 140 grams per day, the triglycerides will come back up. And that's a really good marker. And if someone is listening, obviously check with your doctor, or we use inside tracker, you can look at where it's not that before it was very difficult to get blood work to actually see where you were at. And the way down, and I think about it, we look at a few things that are very simple. We look at fasting insulin, fasting glucose, triglycerides. And those are really the three that we examine to determine, is this individual healthy, do they have healthy skeletal muscle on the other side to that is, that is fasting. So it's unchallenged. Sure. There is real benefit to doing an oral glucose tolerance test and actually seeing what your your fed lipids do. And we, and I'll just interrupt you there. We did that in all of our study. So we actually did as opposed to an oral glucose tolerance, which is giving you 75 grams of a pure carbohydrate, what we did was give everyone a diet challenge based on their breakfast meal. So we basically looked at the glucose response and the people following the food guy pyramid versus the blood glucose and insulin response and the people following the low carb. So these are realistic responses to the meal. And what we found was in the individuals who we put on the food guy pyramid, the longer they were on that, the worse their blood glucose tolerance God. So making them follow that high carb or high low protein, which was actually different than their baseline. Their baseline was a little more higher protein and lower carb than what we put them on in terms of a ratio. And so by putting them on the food guy pyramid as the guideline stated it made it worse. I will never remember. I will never forget one of the dietitians that I had in my group at that time. I won't give a last name, but Donna had worked at a local clinic in the weight loss clinic for 10 years before I hired her. And she was teaching the food guy pyramid. And so when I got my group together, I went and hired her. I went and hired her because I knew she would teach the control correctly. She wasn't biased toward my thinking about protein. And she came into my after the end of the first study. She came into my office crying saying, I can't believe I was teaching people that way and it was making them worse.