There's this idea that fasting is some miracle thing and the reality is if you're young, your body will tolerate fasting pretty well and you'll recover from it. But what we know is that fasting and older adults probably generates a fairly significant loss of lean body mass and to the extent that it's muscle loss, its chances are not recoverable. If you're going to recover, it's going to take massive volumes of resistance, exercise and you can maybe do it but we think it's a bad idea. So fasting to me is something more than 48 hours. I think for anyone over 40 they should never do that. I think if you're 20 year old and you do it you're probably fine but I think having balanced diets is a much better approach. Think it a timeline nutrition for sponsoring this episode of the show. As you know muscle health is everything. You cannot age well if your muscles are not healthy. Why do we care about muscles? Well, from a number of reasons and within muscle is mitochondria and that's exactly where mitochondria fits in. mitochondria is the first clinically proven tested uralithin A. This is a post biotic that between 30 to 40 percent of the population makes. That means the majority of you my friends do not make uralithin A in your gut. Here's why it matters. Uralithin A is a compound that helps mitochondria and in fact there's evidence in humans that it improves strength and endurance especially as we age. Mydo pure is incredible. It comes in many different forms. I personally use the capsules. My husband uses the powder. There's a ginger powder. These products I wish that I had developed them myself. Head over to timelineutrition.com slash doctor lion for 10 percent off. That's a timelineutrition.com slash doctor lion. Dr. Donald Laman nice to see you again. Welcome to the Dr. Gabrielle lion show. I would say a veteran at the show. Yeah, but finally get to do it in person. We can sit across a table and look at each other. Yes, we have spent funnier off at least 20 years talking about protein, muscle and all things. Go figure. But today I thought it would be really valuable. Number one, I had to learn something at least two new things if we were going to podcast. And I've already learned a handful of new things which I'm really excited to share. The other key component to what we're going to do. We're talking about today is protein distribution. This has gotten a lot of attention lately. I would say that you're in part a. Yeah, you are somewhat to blame for the whole protein distribution. And for the listener, what do we mean when we talk about dietary protein distribution? We know that protein is made up of 20 different amino acids and you must get protein from the diet. And not all protein is created equal. And each individual amino acid, they all do various things. The overall amount in a 24 hour period is crucial. The next layer to that is the distribution and the distribution really depends the meaning of that or how much influence and impact that is going to have is really based on a few things. And number one, that would be age. So why don't you kick off the a little bit about the foundation of where some of this distribution conversation came from and where we are now. Wow, yeah, so there's no pressure. So I think just to build on what you said are need for essential amino acids. And amino acids in general is both the total quantity per day. So for an amino acid like lysine, that seems like it's just sort of a daily, maybe even every other day. Because it's a very slow turning over pool where really the big discovery back in the around 2000 actually was really the discovery of the protein distribution. And what we have slowly learned is that is more important and older adults than as it is in younger adults. Young adults seem to be able to stimulate protein synthesis throughout the body, but in muscle and grow with kind of small meals. And we know that a 10 gram meal will trigger protein synthesis, a 20 gram meal. But we know that in older adults, adults over 40, and a lot of the research has been done with adults over 60, it takes more than 30 grams to actually stimulate protein synthesis. And it turns out that the real key to that is loosing. So we can go into a little more detail about that as to why the loosing mechanisms unique. But I think the starting point is that the young and old are regulated different on protein synthesis and a real key to it is the protein and the loosing and the diet. And that brings up the next way of thinking about it is typical recommendations are based on protein per day. When you look at the RDA, the RDA might be 0.8 grams per kg or 0.37 grams per pound of body weight that does little to differentiate a 18 year old versus a 60 year old. And that creates challenges for people who want outcomes because really, you know, this whole podcast is about how can we learn and have more information. And we can allow for better outcomes in our life. And when you think about muscle protein synthesis, again, muscle protein synthesis, by the way, is a marker of muscle health. It does not mean we have to get very clear on the metrics at which we are looking at muscle protein synthesis does not necessarily translate. It certainly is not a one to one translation to muscle growth or size. So we have the process called protein turnover and it's a process of synthesis and breakdown. And those are both always gone going. We know that the synthesis tends to be higher right after meals when we have amino acids coming in and breakdown tends to be higher during more fasting or post absorbed period. And then that is a 24 hour net between the two and for children, the net is anabolic is growth and for adults, it's maintenance. So basically you make and break down the same amount of protein each day. And you know what people don't recognize is that amount is somewhere between 250 and 300 grams of new protein in the body each day. When you're whether you're 16 or 65 to be healthy, you still have to repair and replace 250 grams of protein in your body every day. And to be clear, we should highlight that when we're talking about muscle, we're talking about myofibular protein. And when we are talking, there are also other proteins in the body that are going through a process of turnover and growth, et cetera. Taking it one step further. Well actually, you know, when we talk about muscle, it's both. I mean muscle has enzymatic proteins that are regulated probably one way. And then as you've just pointed out, it has myofibular, the structural proteins that are regulated in a different way. Which would be regulated through mTOR. And we're going to talk all about that. And the reason that I quite simply the reason that I brought that up is this idea of muscle protein synthesis via mTOR regulation is certainly a hot topic. But that is where the dosing becomes important when we are looking at that mechanism specifically, but there are other ways in which proteins are synthesized in the body above and beyond mTOR and muscle proteins in the system. The other thing is that when we think about ways in which to stimulate muscle proteins synthesis, there's amino acids, there's growth hormones, there's energy in the form of glucose and of course exercise contraction, the mymost favorite way. As of late, we're now hearing that or we've heard, and again, this is largely your fault, how should we consume protein? Should we be consuming it in a 30 gram meal with a proper distribution or should I say an even distribution? Supreme operating<|no|> Minimum antibis口 milk, pres Golf emotions, we need to do the same with a visual caller, what is that act doing now? And since we r like discriminatory claims, this is on the right times, it feels based on what the nervous system is doing, whatever our thoughts and some new effects rotate. should probably discuss that. How can we begin to think about distributing protein throughout the day for optimizing metabolic health? So the way we got into this fix, the way we got to go back in the day, corn fields development. The way we started thinking about it is we basically were studying the branch and we just needed to be an acid loose scene. And we discovered that it had a very unique role in adults, in stimulating protein synthesis. Others at the same time had been studying protein synthesis in adults. And we always sort of realized that as we get older, the rate of protein synthesis goes down. We always sort of thought that was aging, not much you could do about it. Way back when I, my very first graduate student paper, way back in dark ages. I think before I treated it. Yeah, before electricity or something. We basically showed that protein synthesis went down with aging because the messenger RNAs changed. The ribosomes efficiency changed. So we knew it was there. And then some really unique research from the Galveston group, Bob Wolf and others showed that, while in young adults a small meal would trigger muscle protein synthesis in older adults that same meal wouldn't do it. But if they increased the level of essential amino acids, increased the level of total protein, they demonstrated the older adults would still respond the same as the young adult. So while we had a change in efficiency, the capacity to respond was still there. And what we demonstrated was that was really dependent on the amino acid loose scene until your ex-year comment also to some extent exercise. So that was kind of the breakthrough. We knew that all of the research that we were doing at that point was after an overnight fast. Why were we looking at that? Well, that point was a catabolic point. We knew that synthesis was downregulated and we were asking how could we get it back up. How could we stimulate it to an anabolic period? So that, you know, that was the meal. And then Doug Patton Jones and I were sort of looking at it. So well, that's exactly the opposite of how everybody eats. Everybody in the United States, the average intake is around 90 grams and most of it's a dinner. We're on 60 grams a dinner and less than 12 grams at breakfast. So we said, let's redistribute it and sort of make it a cute experiment. We decided that the normal approach was 10, 20, 60. And so we would go to 30, 30, 30. And that worked. We found higher net protein synthesis per day, but everybody concluded that it had to do with an even distribution. When in fact, and we probably misnamed the paper, I think we used the word balanced. It's terrible. When in fact, what we really did was increase it at breakfast. It was really shifting from dinner to breakfast that made the difference. But everybody latched on the fact that it had to be even. And we've got all kinds of misinterpretations from that. And you know, this reminds me of, and we have been talking earlier about there were early demonstrations from a French group. And that was our novel. And they conducted a crossover feeding experiment. They had 15 women, average age. They were 68 and the women consumed 64 grams of protein throughout the two 14 day trials. And one trial, the protein was distributed across four relatively small balanced meals. And whether bodybuilders do that, there's this idea that we should eat small amounts of protein throughout the day. And the way in which this group did it, they had meals ranging from 12 grams to max 20 grams per meal, called eight quotes, bread pattern. The other trial, it called the pulse pattern distributed protein in three uneven meals. So they did four grams of protein, 51 in the middle and 20 grams. But with one single large meal and the total protein intake was the same. Essentially, what I'm saying is that both groups consumed the same amount of protein. One was distributed at this kind of pulse attile way. And the other one was an uneven distribution. And do you remember what the results were? Yeah, exactly. The one that grouped one of the meals had an uneven distribution, but had 50 grams in that one meal. That one actually accommodated the losing threshold concept. Basically it was large enough where the other ones where they spread it more of an even distribution. Now all of the meals are below that losing, losing threshold. So they might stimulate liver proteins synthesis, but nothing gets high enough to stimulate muscle protein synthesis. And I think after a relatively short time, they were able to measure more total protein synthesis, higher nitrogen balance, and actually a change in lean body mass within, I think, just a few weeks 14, 14 days or so. So that's exactly right with the same total protein and take the pulse pattern generating higher rates of protein turnover, which we should talk about. What does that mean? Higher rates of protein turnover, more positive nitrogen balance. And I will say nitrogen balance is not an outcome. But it's, it's the step toward an outcome in that they're retaining more total nitrogen. So your first level of a biomarker would be a measure of protein synthesis, something what's direct. So we see more total net protein synthesis, which is what Doug Patton Jones and I did in our study. Then the next level would be, and we can see they retain more nitrogen. So that means it has to be going somewhere, presumably lean mass. And then finally they showed an actual change in lean body mass by dexa. So that's kind of the three levels in increasing evidence. So they, they showed an increase in lean body mass by dexa. But dexa is a particularly sensitive. Well, dexa is, as you know, is measuring body fat. And so you're extrapolating to lean mass. And muscle is sort of just a part of lean mass and liver and kidney and gut probably change quicker than lean, than muscle. So it's an extrapolation. But we, the data suggests that it had a more antibiotic effect on the body by doing the large meal. So you know, again, it's kind of summarizing the aspect of is having the spread and even spread the issue or having meals that exceed this losing threshold, the issue. And I want everybody to recognize it's this losing threshold, that's the issue. And frankly, the earlier in the day, the better. Why is that? Because you're coming out of an overnight fast and everything's down regulated. And that gets us into what does, losing really do. Yeah, what does it regulate? And it regulates M. Tour. M. Tour is part of the protein synthesis mechanism. It regulates one part of it. And it's, it's a part of the initiation factors that are specifically down regulated during fasting. And so what we're measuring is the recovery from that fasting period. It's important for everyone to recognize that there's always protein synthesis going on. If you look in the liver in the middle of the night, you've been fasting for eight hours or you're still making liver proteins. You're still making albumin. If your liver stops making proteins, you die. Likewise, and muscle, you're still making enzymes even in a fasting period. What you're not doing is replacing the mild fibular structure. And that's what you're turning on with M. Tour. The M. Tour triggers two initiation factors. One E.I.A.F.4, and another called S.6, which is a ribosomal protein. And what they do is turn on the capacity for protein synthesis. They select out certain messenger RNAs that are oriented to mild fibular proteins. And they ramp up the capacity. So it's important to recognize that it's not like an on-off switch. M. Tour turns the whole system on or turns it all off. It's just a part of the mechanism. Thank you to Ned for sponsoring this episode of the show. Ned makes an incredible product called Mello. I am stuck for the next apocalypse full of Mello. Why Mello? It does exactly that. It chills you out. Ned's Mello Magnusium was designed to address fundamental imbalances that come with being a human. What's in Mello Magnusium? Well, it is a super blend that has three forms of magnesium. And this is what we typically recommend in my clinic because magnesium and different forms have different availability and have different targets in the body. Mello Magnusium also has GABA and Elfianine and other amino acids and trace minerals. You know, when I think about products that I'm using and I strongly suggest that you think about this, it really matters how we are making up for the vitamins and minerals that we are missing. It's impossible to get all of them just because of our modern life style. Ned does a great job. It is fully transparent. Ned shares all of its third party lab reports that are available for viewing. Again, transparency is everything. Head over to hll0ned.com slash doctor lion for 15% off. That's helloned.com slash doctor lion for 15% off. Yeah, and I think in my earlier days of explaining it, I would say that if you were eating a meal that was lower in lucine, not reaching this threshold, which the threshold in the literature is between two and a half, which is probably a little on the low end to three grams of lucine to stimulate this amtore mechanism. The idea, though, is if you are still getting proteins and amino acids, they're still beneficial. Again, we're dealing with whole body protein turnover. And we talk a lot about muscle. The reason you and I talk so much about muscle is because that is the pinnacle of health. You cannot be healthy without healthy muscle. However, the body is turning over what? 250 to 300 grams of protein a day. One is not eating that, so there's a recycling of amino acids. So when we really begin to think about how we create a meal that is meaningful for aging, then this is where I think distribution comes in. Yeah, and you mentioned that we need two and a half the three grams of lucine that seems to be sort of the triggering level. And we need it within a fairly short timeframe because the effect that we're looking for is we have to increase the blood level of lucine from a fasting level, which is about 100 micromolar up to about 300 micromolar. So we need it to to three fold increase and you have to then take in around three grams of lucine within a relatively short period of time so it gets absorbed. And so that's kind of the key. And that will turn on this myophibular part of the process. The challenge is that in the literature, many, or much of the data is based on isolated lucine or amino acid mixes or even way protein, very fast absorption, fast absorbing proteins or again and or amino acids. How does that then translate to a meal? A mix because people are not saying, you know what? I'm going to open my cabinet and I'm going to I would like one side of lucine, another side of me thining and then I'll take a little bit of licy and put it all to that is not happening. Exactly right. So is it actually two and a half to three grams? Because it's two and a half to three grams based on isolated delivery system. So the point I just made the bottom line that we have to do is we have to go two and a half. We have to increase blood or intercellular lucine. So how do you do that? As you're pointing out, most of the research that's been done so far is with isolated proteins, which is the way research always starts. You start out by isolating the factors down to what you know exactly is causing the effect. But now as you're pointing out, as you put it into mixed meals or start using different proteins like casin or you put it into a mixed meal with fiber and fat, that slows down digestion, it slows down absorption and it's going to blunt that increase in blood lucine. So chances are if you're talking about a dinner meal, say you're eating a steak with broccoli and whole-grain fat. I definitely not eating that. Something you know, more of a mixed meal or you're eating plant-based with a lot of fiber in it, how much do you have to eat to get that change in lucine? I would say that in a dinner meal to optimize that you probably need to be in at least the 45-50, maybe 55 grams. So we're talking... You said that dinner, but would you prefer that for a breakfast meal? Again, in breakfast meal, it depends on what your food is. We tend to eat higher quality proteins that are more easily digested. We do a lot of dairy, we do eggs, we do things that are more rapidly digested. So maybe 35 would be fine. I personally go for 40 to 45 at breakfast because I want all the satiety effects. I want the thermogenic effects and I want to be sure I'm maxing the protein effects. We know that the 30-gram number is the absolute minimum using a way type protein. So people need to recognize that's not the absolute maximum number with any kind of diet you want to dream up. For example, if you went to a wheat cereal or bread, for example, you'd have to be well up into the 40 grams to get anywhere's near enough lucine to have an effect. I have a question. We were looking at some literatures. We're building out this course for providers and health coaches and people that trainers that see clients and one of the myths that we had to discuss was the increase in branch-chain amino acids in obesity or type 2 diabetes. Mostly, it seems as if it's more towards type 2 diabetes that individuals with type 2 diabetes have an increase in circulating branch-chain amino acids, increase in free fatty acids and glucose. My question is, in the environment of elevated branch-chain amino acids, I'm assuming that that's still elevated in the fasting or post-absorbative state. Is that true or I mean, potentially so if you were then to add an amel that is purely protein, do we know what kind of impact that would then have on muscle proteins? And this is, again, I don't know, I've never seen a study on that so hopefully you can figure that out. So there's a lot of nuance to branch-chain amino acids during fasting type periods. So if you get into the fasting starvation type literature, as we've talked about before, say, for an overnight fast, the liver has to still be making protein. Where does it get it? It gets the amino acids from muscle. So muscle becomes catabolic and you're breaking it down. Muscle has an unusually high level of branch-chain amino acids. There's more branch-chain amino acids per gram of protein and muscle than there is in liver. And so when you start breaking down muscle protein to feed the liver, branch-chain amino acids actually can increase a little in the blood. Okay, so there's a net release of those. And the liver because it doesn't use as much of them is taking out other amino acids, branch-chain amino acids can actually run a little higher in starvation kinds of cases. So that's kind of a lot of nuance. You started out asking the more pathological question about diabetes. I think that comes back to our overall sense of muscle-centric metabolism, muscle-centric health and that muscle is integrating fuels. It's integrating carbohydrates. It's integrating fatty acids. It's integrating branch-chain amino acids and they all come together at the mitochondria basically at a acetylchole. They all intersect there. And so as you change one or the other of those, you can limit one or the other. And so theoretically if you had a really high carbohydrate diet, you would inhibit the mitochondria from using branch-chain amino acids or fatty acids. And that's exactly what we see in diabetes. High blood sugar, you have increased free fatty acids, increased triglycerides in the blood, and you have increased a branch-chain amino acid. So kind of chicken or the egg is are the branch-chain amino acids causing diabetes or is diabetes causing branch-chain amino acids to be elevated. I certainly think the data strongly says it's the second. And do you think that if so that would be in a post-absorbative state or a fasting state? Would an individual still get the same response than if they were to have a high enough protein meal? You know, because we're talking about two separate things. We're talking about blood levels of branch-chain amino acids, which are necessary to reach a certain level to then stimulate muscle. But perhaps that level of elevated circulating branch-chain amino acids in and of itself would not be enough to stimulate muscle. Am I being clear? So it's almost as if that in the post-absorbative state of someone who has type two diabetes, they are in what it would in my mind would be more of an anabolic state just in general. Sure. You know, so I was indicating that they tend to be up in higher-fasted conditions. But again, what we said is the meal and a ballet-effect in muscles threefold. So what we're talking about is maybe a 50% increase, not a 300% increase. So it nuance, as I said, after a meal, the branch-chain amino acids do need to go up and depending on the size of the meal when they go up, they might stay up for four or five, six hours depending on the size of the meal. So a amino acids in general after a meal will pool in the blood for a long time. That's one of the kind of beauties of them. We talk about glycemic regulations and glucose has to be handled very quickly after a meal because it's pretty toxic to cells. You can have a lot of glucose sitting around or branch-chain where amino acids in general branch-chain amino acids in specific can stay elevated in the blood for five or six hours. The body slowly will metabolize them. And the reason I just bring up that point is because we were looking at some literature that was suggesting that protein restriction in individuals with elevated levels of branch-chain amino acids would be an intervention to look towards, but that doesn't make sense. It doesn't make any sense to me at all. And it's certainly it may or may not have an effect on insulin regulation in the first day or two, but long term we know it's going to be damaging to muscle and metabolic regulation. So one has to be very careful about one day experiments versus long-term outcomes and experiments like that. Yeah, and to be fair, nutritional science is very challenging. I mean, you did a one-year-long study, which that was amazing. And I think that that had 60 participants per arm. Yeah, so we did, you know, one arm was the food guy pyramid, so a high carb low protein diet and the other arm was basically higher protein, low carb, and we basically just switched out about 50 grams of carbs for 50 grams of protein. And but we monitored them with food records for, you know, 120 people for 12 months. No big deal, no big deal. I would definitely love to come back to that study, but the idea is that nutritional research is very challenging. And certainly for long-term outcomes, short-term, do we see short-term outcomes with, you know, changes in protein, you could, but the body is really good at adapting to various ways of eating. You know, you had mentioned this refractory period or the limited duration response of muscle protein synthesis. Can you just highlight this quote, muscle full or a refractory period when muscle protein synthesis appears to be unresponsive to these kind of normal activation signals? Yeah, so, you know, all of, you know, myself and all the other researchers that had been sort of exploring these mechanisms and protein synthesis were using this first meal of the day. But I thought that that the first meal of the day doesn't matter. I'm being in what sense. I'm just being fissured. Yeah, yeah. I never said that. I just recognize that this is definitely very science-heavy you guys. So hang tight, hang tight, because we have big takeaways. The big takeaways are exactly how to distribute protein and does it really matter. And should you front-load dietary protein versus an even distribution or backload and the reason I jumped into this refractory period is because I'm thinking about it in a linear progression is you have your first meal and then there's this discussion of the second meal, which actually may or may not matter. And that's where the refractory period comes into play. Thank you to mudwater for sponsoring this episode of the show. Mudwater is amazing. It's like adult hot chocolate. It has cacao and chai, a little hint of caffeine. So one way to use mudwater is you can use it in the afternoon before you do a workout. Maybe you're going to go rock. Maybe you're going to throw some kettlebells around. Maybe who knows? You're going to hang out with your kids. It has four functional mushrooms. It has a fraction of the caffeine. It feels like natural energy with no jitters. Sign me up. One thing I also love about mudwater is it believes in making the world a better place through supporting psychedelic research and it has been doing this since day one. I love companies with a mission. You can try mudwater now. Forget this, 29 bucks. That is less than $1 a cup. And I cringe to think what you guys are spending on Starbucks. Mudwater is amazing. Go to mudwater. That's mudwtr.com slash doctor lion. That's mudwater.com slash doctor lion and triors for less than $1 a cup. This is second time. It's just going to turn into a question. I have no idea what questions to ask. We can just think about the way in which someone should design a diet. We're hearing 30 grams of protein three times a day and then a paper comes out that discusses. It doesn't really matter. It's just no upper limit. Thinking about the truth, the first meal of the day has some clear benefits. Again, all of the research has ever been done is done at the first meal because it's the most sensitive. And yet that's probably the one that people pay the least attention to. The cereal companies are out there saying, you know, eat cereal and you're not getting any protein at all to speak of. So we know that that first meal is important. The amount of protein, most of the research has been aimed at trying to find the minimum to make it work. And so we've used isolated proteins. We've used way protein, which is 11 to 12 percent loose-scenes. So we can actually get a maximum effect with way protein. It's probably as little as 25 grams in a shake form. How much do you actually need? Like I said, I typically use a mixed shake in the morning and I'm around 40 to 45 grams of protein. I'm using yogurts. I'm using way plus casing, casing being a much slower digesting. So I'm getting kind of long term effects and short term effects. But I have enough short term protein, way protein, that I know I'm getting my loose-scene stimulated right up front. Yeah. And the which makes me think that's second meal. There's a refractory period so you've stimulated muscle protein as a refractory. So you've stimulated skeletal muscle. I don't know. I've been pushing pretty hard these last today. So again, making this whole week great dead now. Making this course, the, you know, the science behind, you know, people definitely want to know what do I need to eat for body composition. And we talk about that a lot. I also think that when you provide people with knowledge, then they can go and make decisions themselves when they run into and are faced with information overload. Yeah. This is why I wanted to bring up the point of this quote, muscle full effect or the refractory period because what about that second meal? You've had a first meal now in which you've optimized for muscle protein synthesis. You've turned on, you know, I say this as if it's on and off. But you've now stimulated these initiation factors. What evidence do we have for a second meal response? So so as we've been saying, most of the research is with this first meal. And so we've all studied kind of how that looked. But one of the things that a few of us have studied is how long does it last? And what we find is that no matter how much protein you gave it the first meal, muscle protein synthesis comes back down to baseline after about two and a half hours. And yet the blood protein amino acids, like we were just saying, are still elevated. We look at those initiation factors, EIF4 and S6, and they're still totally active. So that M-tor system is still totally active. And yet protein synthesis is stopped, or at least has gone down to baseline. Again, that's unusual, isn't it? Well, again, baselines not stopped. We've now what we've done is we've slowed down the myophibular protein part. But all of the other parts are still running. And so it's not turned it off. It's just slowed it back down. We think that's an energy conservation. We actually published a paper that what we can show is muscles depleting its ATP. And we think it's a self-preservation mechanism that is slowing itself down. There are some other things in the literature, though, that show with slower digesting proteins, like acase, this whole pattern shifts. You don't get the quick up with losing. It happens much more slowly. And so it's not a two and a half hour period. It's much longer. And so that's an area that I think research is going to have to go into because how does it all react with a mixed meal? And that then leads us into the second meal. How important is a second meal? I think there's a lot of research about the first meal tremendous amount. There's a fair amount about a dinner meal, a last meal. And there's basically not a single report that I'm aware of about the middle meal. And I frankly look at the middle meal is it's simply part of the protein per day amount? We have two things that we're talking about in adults. Protein per meal, which we know is important at the first meal. We think it's important at the last meal. May not be very important at the middle meal. And then we have protein per day. So that middle meal is just accumulating, if my targets 120 grams, I need to get x amount at the middle meal to add to it. So I personally think that unlike the sort of interpretation of our publication with dog patting, Jones about even, I think a very uneven pattern, 45 at breakfast, 60 at dinner and 20 at lunch is a great pattern. And for dinner, what evidence do we have? Because dinner would be the meal that has the most confounders. You would have to, in the literature, you'd have to really think about what that person has been having before their activity, their movement. It just seems that dinner meal, unless, of course, you were doing some kind of clap study or in a metabolic ward, be really challenging. So what evidence do we have? That that last meal is important. How can we think about that? There's some research just showing that protein going into the night time helps you sort of delay going into that catabolic period. So I like a higher amount. I like slower digesting, you know, more complete meal, fiber, et cetera. But the reality is it hasn't been studied very much. So being prescriptive about a diet, I don't think, I don't think we're at that level. But I think that there's enough data that we know that having a mixed meal with around 60 grams of protein is very effective. There's been comparisons of that versus a spread dig pattern. And I think there's pretty good data that that that last meal is very effective. So I think I think we can rely on that. But again, it hasn't been studied in great detail. Do you think that there's evidence that protein distribution of really impacts, and by the way, I'm laughing because I do know some of these answers. So just go with it here. Do you think that there's a totally setting meal? Yeah, that's the fun of it. Yeah, this is fun. Do you think that there is impact evidence that protein distribution will impact body composition in a meaningful way? I think it is. I think that if I was going to tear the level of thinking, I'd say, total amount of protein in the day is the first focus. Having more protein versus less, we know that's beneficial. The second then becomes quality. Having higher quality protein is important. And I think then down the third level we get into distribution. We know that distributions not very important to children are young adults. You know, 25-year-olds, it really doesn't matter much. We know it's more important to older individuals. And it's more important to individuals under stress. So we've done it in weight loss studies where we've looked at distribution to that first meal during weight loss. And what we can show is the individuals will lose less lean body mass by distributing protein to that first meal. As we talked about earlier, each protein meal has about a two and a half hour window of an antibiotic period. So if all of your proteins in one meal late in the day, that means you're going to spend 22-21 hours catabolic and only two and a half anabolic. So we think by moving it to a first meal of the day, now we're having more anabolic periods per day. And that is a really easy solution for the general population for anyone who is other listening to understand dietary protein, the patterning, the confusion behind it is that front loading your first meal and your last meal, we can at least argue that there's good evidence to support that. And also from... Especially in catabolic conditions, weight loss, bed rest, posturgery, any kind of stress where you body tends to be more catabolic. I think the evidence is pretty good that that's beneficial. And in aging. And aging, which is catabolic at some level. And aging, which can be really beneficial. And that's, you know, I think one of the things people need to recognize is that a lot of the things we've done in weight loss are because it's hard to study aging. We know that aging is a very slow process and we talked earlier about dexas, not necessarily very sensitive. You'd have to control diet for two decades to really prove a meal distribution in aging. So we use weight loss, which is a more catabolic short-term effect to say, well, we can prove it in concept that first meal helps to spare protein. And then by extrapolation, we say, we think that will help in the aging process. But that's harder to prove. And you did a really great well-designed study that included both diet and exercise. There was one group that was, you said quote, low protein, which was actually the RDA. It was point eight grams per kilogram or point three, seven grams per pound, body weight. And I think that they had an average of, do you remember the protein number? I was right around 60 grams in that group. And the carbohydrate, do you remember the carbohydrate number? I think it ended up being just under 140 grams per day. And then the other group had was a double. Oh, I'm sorry. No, the 140s in the second group. So their carbohydrate intake was just about 200. 200. One group had a 200 gram carbohydrate diet with 60 grams per protein. And then what did the other group had? 140 grams of 130 grams of carbohydrate with 120 grams of protein. So we basically substituted out about 50 grams of carbs for 50 grams of protein. And it was isocolor. So the calorie. So totally isocoloric as much as we could do it. And a couple of the first studies we actually fed the meal. So we knew exactly. Yeah, I know. Yeah. And Gabrielle got to do something. I got to pack those meals. Yes, sir. So we had pretty good control of how to do it and how to feed it and how to monitor it. So we were pretty good at it. And what were the results? And also there was an exercise piece. People feel, again, when we talk about aging and body composition, they're a very, it's a very separate conversation than sport performance. Sure. Right. And what I want to be very clear, we at this conversation right now, this is about aging. This is about aging and maintaining lean body mass, which includes bone organ skeletal muscle with a maximum as much as possible loss in body fat. We're not talking about your one rep max or your maximum VO2 output. Any of these other things we are talking about. How can we make improvements to the things that we are doing daily? Thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. Blood work is key. It is one of the pillars that you guys must be looking at. Typically, you want to look at your blood work quarterly. You want to understand where your baseline is. You want to treat your body like a business. You want to hit quarterly goals and make corrections when necessary. Inside tracker makes this accessible to you. Go to insidetrecker.com slash doctor lion. You'll be able to choose from a multitude of various ways to get your blood work done and packages. You'll get 20% off. And if you are a healthcare professional or a coach, inside tracker has this amazing new platform that is free. It basically allows you to for no cost for professionals looking to take data driven and personalize approaches to their clients. It offers a platform to help you do this. Whether you are a lay person or a healthcare professional inside tracker is an absolute must. I use it personally for myself. Head over to insidetracker.com slash doctor lion and you'll get 20% off. So we had done a lot of research with weight loss during calorie restriction, even starvation. And we knew that if you use starvation, just simply don't eat that the body weight loss will be faster, but it'll be very heavily mean body mass. Seven days of starvation, 50% of your weight loss will be mean body mass. And we know in adults that's not very recoverable. So we wanted to start designing diets that would spare lean body mass. We think that's part of the problem of why is weight loss so temporary. People tend to gain it back, yo-yo dieting. So we thought it was really because of losing too much lean body mass. And so the food guide pyramid was our goal with the higher carbohydrate low protein. We said, okay, this is the standard. This is the dietary guideline that everybody says is going to correct all of health, heart disease, diabetes. So we're going to feed that. And so we fed it to people. And in our first few studies what we found was the longer we fed it, the worse their metabolism got. But in this study, basically weight loss, they lost weight because we were restricting calories. All of the groups had about a 50, about a 500 calorie per day restriction of calories from their baseline. So in this food guide pyramid group, they lost about 14 pounds over a four month period. Which is good. They lost weight. Which is good, you know, exactly what we're looking for. And we looked at the body composition and we saw that about 35% of that weight loss was lean tissue. So 35% that weight loss was. So 65 was fat, which is good. But 35% was lean. So we talk about sarcapina losing muscle over over time. Well, we just made them lose muscle. We just aged them. And so we thought, okay, well, that's not great. We then added exercise on top of this trying blunt that effect. So we made that we had another group. This was what we call a two by two designs. And how old were the participants? They range from, I don't know that off the top. But they range from about 35 to 65. We were older. I would mean. I think the average age was in the mid 40 mid to late 40s, maybe early 50s. So they're a midlife group. But we had a couple women. These were all women in their late 30s. I think maybe a couple two 38 year olds. But anyway, mostly older women midlife. Good correction there. I'm sorry. I don't want, I don't want any hate mail. I don't want any. I get trouble having just had a birthday. I totally appreciate that. Anyway, so we then had a group that we also on the Food Guide pyramid. But we had them doing five days a week of walking. They had supervised 30 minutes of walking per day. And then two days of supervised resistance training. And what we found was they lost a little bit more weight, not much interestingly. It went from like 14 to 15 pounds. So they did four months of exercise and got a one pound effect. Is that why they say that exercise is not a good way to lose weight? I mean, I don't know if I believe that. I mean, it really does. Let me buffer it. Okay, good. You know, what we found then was that their weight loss was a little more fat and a little less lean. So now they only lost 25% of the weight loss was lean. So part of that weight loss is that they actually spared some lean. They get, they didn't gain it, but they didn't lose as much. So that, you know, if they lost the same amount of fat and lean as the other group, they'd lost more weight. So by by sparing protein, you lose less weight, which is more healthy. Okay, so then the other group was our higher protein low carb. And so after the same period of time, what we found in the protein group is their weight loss was 35% mean tissue. So they, I'm sorry, 25%. So they got exactly the same benefit just by having a higher protein diet is the food-guide pyramid group that had four months of exercise. So let's, so we have to pause and say that again, basically you had two groups of individuals. One group who went on a high carbohydrate, a low protein diet, and did four months of exercise. And another group that just increased their protein amount and did no exercise. And they lost equal. They actually lost more weight that high protein. Yeah, high protein. So they lost, they lost somewhere 17 and a half, they 18 pounds. So they lost more total weight. And the composition was as good as the people who did four months of exercise. And then the fourth group was the group that had the high protein and exercise. And now they're composition. Their lean mass loss was only 6%. So we basically now have protected all of their lean tissue. Most people would say that the lean tissue, that's a obligatory that would go with the fat loss is at least 3%. And just for the listener, what he's talking about is lean tissue within the fat, whether it's connective tissue or that's the system. So the minimum that you could lose with the weight loss would have to be at least 3 or 4%. So we've basically now totally spared muscle. And they lost 23 pounds. So they lost almost twice as much total weight as the people who are just doing the food guy pyramid. And they lost 100% from body fat. What would be the takeaway then for someone listening saying, I need to design a diet to lose body fat. So obviously higher protein, low carb, and resistance exercise, exercise in general is the combination that's going to be most beneficial. So that is a lifestyle change of how you approach it. But the higher protein and the exercise protects your lean tissue, particularly your muscle while you're getting rid of the body fat. And we think that's a sustainable weight loss. You've corrected body composition without jeopardizing your metabolic the active tissues. And I also want to highlight the activity that I'm going to call you out here because we're talking exercise. And really it was five days a week, 30 minutes walking, and two days a week of resistance exercise. I would love to hear you tell us what their resistance training program was because the goal is for individuals to understand that everybody makes choices and not everybody makes good choices. And this allows you to make good choices in a way that it's not crazy because when you hear the exercise plan when individuals lost nearly 100% fat was nothing rigorous. Yeah. I mean, we again, we had our our midlife women who aren't well-plated, who aren't in general, gym or arts. They don't love going to the gym and pumping iron. And so when we did find contrary to the person sitting across the table from that. And so we wanted to design a resistance exercise that was based on range of motion and stretch against resistance. So we had a 30 minute supervised session where they did about 12 minutes of yoga supervised. Again, it's more rigid type of resistance. It's not necessarily movement, but it's resistance. It's body weight resistance. And then they did another 25 minutes of non-alist machines, but we didn't require them to put any weight on it. We told them we're interested in range of motion. We want you to do two sets of 12 reps. And basically you can put on whatever weight you want. And so most of them did very light weights and that had the benefit. And it had the benefit in both diets, but it had an enormous synergistic effect in the higher protein diet. Why do you think that was? Do you think they were untrained individuals? Yes, most of these were not exercising people. They were by definition obese. They were above 30 percent, BMI, 30 percent body fat. So they were sedentary obese untrained. And so it definitely had an effect. But and it had a dramatic effect on that weight loss. And did you also look at blood lipids? We always look at blood lipids and blood glucose and blood insulin and all of the studies. Clearly when you're doing reductions of carbohydrates, which you're looking at is more than metabolic syndrome type of thing. So blood pressure, waste or conference, HDLs, triglycerides. We always find that when you go to a lower carbohydrate diet, you dramatically drop triglycerides by at least 20 percent. And in fact, that actually became one of our primary biomarkers for diet compliance. If we found individuals weren't reducing it, we knew they weren't following the diet. Can you give me an example of the gram that they started at and the gram that you reduce them to to see that those changes in triglycerides? So when they first came into the study, their total carbohydrates were probably close to 300 per day. So we reduced everybody's calorie intake down. And so when we were looking at the food guy pyramid group, they were getting just under 200 grams of carbs per day. And then in our group that was getting the reduced carb, they were getting about 135 grams. What we have seen is that to get these triglycerides effects, you need to get below about 140 grams of carbs per day. So 100 grams, 90, 120 grams, you should see that effect. So we see the threshold of about 140. So if people wander above their snacking or whatever, and they wander above 140 grams per day, the triglycerides will come back up. And that's a really good marker. And if someone is listening, obviously check with your doctor, or we use inside tracker, you can look at where it's not that before it was very difficult to get blood work to actually see where you were at. And the way down and I think about as we look at a few things that are very simple. We look at fasting insulin, fasting glucose, triglycerides. And those are really the three that we examine to determine, is this individual healthy, do they have healthy skeletal muscle on the other side to that is that is fasting so it's unchallenged. Sure. There is real benefit to doing an oral glucose tolerance test and actually seeing what your your fed lipids do. And we and I'll just interrupt you there. We did that in all of our study. So we actually did as opposed to an oral glucose tolerance, which is giving you 75 grams of a pure carbohydrate. What we did was give everyone a diet challenge based on their breakfast meal. So we basically looked at the glucose response and the people following the food dip pyramid versus the blood glucose and insulin response and the people following the low carb. So these are realistic responses to the meal. And what we found was in the individuals who we put on the food guy pyramid, the longer they were on that the worse their blood glucose tolerance God. So making them follow that high carb or high diet low protein, which was actually different than their baseline. Their baseline was a little more higher protein and lower carb than what we put them on in terms of a ratio. And so by putting them on the food guy pyramid as the guideline stated it made it worse. I will never remember. I will never forget one of the dietitians that I had in my group at that time. I won't give a last name, but Donna had worked at a local clinic in the weight loss clinic for 10 years before I hired her and she was teaching the food guy pyramid. And so when I got my group together, I went and hired Donna. I went and hired her because I knew she would teach the control correctly. She wasn't biased toward my thinking about protein. And she came into my after the end of the first study, she came into my office crying saying, I can't believe I was teaching people that way and it was making them worse. It's tough. I mean nutrition. Nutrition information is very challenging because of the things that we don't see, whether it's policy or influence from money. There's just a lot that we don't see which makes the dissemination of information. Again, there's just roadblocks. There are roadblocks. And your point earlier is that nutrition research is hard to do. It's hard to control people's diet for long enough to get meaningful outcomes. And it takes a lot of skill to put together those kinds of controlled studies. You can do a one meal test, but the control a diet for a meaningful link the time is really challenging. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. I get so many questions on childhood nutrition. And that's why I wanted to highlight something that we use in our house called Optikits. First form makes a chocolate milkshake that is nutrient dense, meaning it has protein in it. It has vitamins and minerals in it. It tastes great. And you know, the kids will eat what you provide them. Strong kids make strong adults. And we really love our children. We want them to have the best quality of life, the best quality of life comes with the best quality nutrition. First form dot com slash doctor lion. Go to the kids section and you'll pick Optikits. It has protein in it. It has greens and reds. I don't know if your kids are like mine, but every time I try to feed them broccoli, I find it underneath the table stuffed into the corner. First form dot com slash doctor lion. Okay, we're going to play game. Oh, going to this thrown into the bus here. Yeah, don't know lightning. Lightning round. We're all you get to say is yes or no, which is the hardest thing for a scientist to do is to actually say when a doctor you know giving away all your intellectual integrity secrets. Taking oral branch animal assets almost always know essential amino acids clinically useful. You're cheating. No, this is cheating. Oh, waste of money cheating. Facing. No, depends on age. No, I guess this is she's really doing. I know. She knows the answers. You guys I've known Don for over 20 years now. I do know all of these answers, but I have to share his brilliance with you guys. Creteen. All of the ovens is very beneficial. That is not yes or no. I know. I don't take it. So I guess a yes is a vague, you know, if I really believe it, why don't I take it? Right. There you go. P protein. One of the more soluble of the of the so that's yes. Okay, so we will have a yes. You know, the bio digest abilities probably less than 80 percent and the purity is probably less than 70 percent. Animal agriculture causing climate change. Our cows killing the planet. No. You know, we didn't we didn't touch on saturated fat. We'll kind of leave that to the side. People always want to talk about saturated fat, etc. We don't add any extra fat into our diet. I definitely think fat is part of the calorie balance. I use reduced fat. But I'm not fat phobic. I don't worry about saturated fat. If the fat comes in the natural food, I think it's okay. There's a lot of dairy data about that. But adding saturated fat on top of, you know, some synthetic oil, you know, hydrogidating an oil is a really bad choice. How did you know? Now we're going to circle back to your lightning round, which you didn't get. I mean, that was you. Are you failed that you're going to have brassian amino acids? You said, no, maybe maybe no. Why? So people want to say, well, Lucy and a brassian amino acids can trigger. I'm torsional. Let's just take a supplement. Well, as soon as you trigger, I'm torsional. You need all the rest of the amino acids. So why not eat protein? It's a waste of money. The one exception to that is I think there's a possibility that in a condition where proteins restricted, for example, somebody in bed rest or somebody who's not able to eat a lot. And so they maybe their maximum meal was only 15 grams of protein. You can add branch tina amino acids on top of that. And you can trigger them torn. Make it look like it's about 30 grams of protein. Chances are it doesn't run as long chances are you'll run out of the other amino acids. But you can buffer the fact that you can only give 15 or 20 grams. I've actually sometimes tried to use it at lunch where we may have only had 15 grams of protein but add branch tina on top of that. So I think there may be some unique situations, but just adding it in as a supplement after a workout, I think is useless. And I waste of money. I'm going to soften his answer for five things that the places in which we use it in clinical practice are if an individual is looking to reduce their calories and again, you should never reduce your calories from protein. But let's say we can't get them to eat enough and they're having a meal that has 15 grams of protein. We'll use a branch tina amino acid in addition or if someone is having fish, maybe three ounces of fish and or some kind of plant protein will add in a branch tina amino acid. That would be one way in which we would utilize that. And what we've actually seen in research, if you just give looseine without anything else, you'll deplete the blood of all the other amino acids because you're starting protein synthesis. So they're all going to go down and they're going to stop. And what we've also seen is it'll deplete the branch tina, twice as fast because looseine actually stimulates the oxidation of valine and isolucine. So it's all about balance and we definitely side with having whole foods whenever possible. There are some clinical instances where intakes reduce and then you have to do other things. What about essential amino acids? That was a yes, no, yes, no. I mean, clearly if you have enough essential amino acids by definition, the body can make the others. So our protein requirement is for the nine essential and then non-essential nitrogen. I think again, it's better to take in the non-essential amino acids but the body can make it. So again, in reality for most of us, that's just an incredibly expensive way to go as a supplement. But again, in clinical situations, renal failure, there's all kinds of reasons where you could give essential amino acids and minimize the total nitrogen load or maximize your protein synthesis with the minimum amount of calories. So there's a reason to do it, but in general, it's a waste of money for the average person. But again, there could be some use, especially if you can't get to eat or you're having a meal that's low in protein. You said fasting was a no, right? Did you say no, yes, I got confused because it wasn't straight forward answer. Good. I'm glad I confused your own. I have totally confused. There's this idea that fasting is some miracle thing and the reality is, if you're young, your body will tolerate fasting pretty well and you'll recover from it. But what we know is that fasting and older adults probably generate a fairly significant loss of lean body mass and to the extent that it's muscle loss, it chances are not recoverable. If you're going to recover, it's going to take massive volumes of resistance exercise and you can maybe do it, but we think it's a bad idea. So fasting to me is something more than 48 hours. I think for anyone over 40, they should never do that. I think if you're 20 year old and you do it, you're probably fine, but I think having balanced diets is a much better approach. Where do you think the future of protein research is going? It's a great question. I personally think that we need to finally start moving away from talking about protein, which is really just a food delivery system. We don't take protein in the body. Oh my gosh, we don't have to talk about protein anymore. It's food being. I mean, we have to have to do it myself. We have to have those amino acids. We don't talk about a vitamin pill on the food label. We talk about vitamins. Why do we talk about protein on the food label? Why don't we talk about amino acids? I think the future is that we need to recognize lysine and lysine and methionine and threonine as individual nutrients. I think as we move into this discussion, this narrative about plant-based diets, that's going to become more important. Where do we get these essential amino acids? How do we balance them and what's their bioavailability? So I think we're going to have to be much more specific and stop talking about this generic term protein. Well, Dr. Donald Laman, thank you so much for coming on the show. We could talk for hours, but we'll spare everybody and let them digest no pun intended. Mom jokes coming in hot. The information that you provided and just to recap, I'm going to ask you, this is going to be your top three tips to lose weight. Who's weight? Wow. Body fat, top three tips. Calories. There are a lot of ways to lose weight, but they all come down to getting your calories in control. How's the best way to do that? I personally think that reducing carbohydrates and increase protein helps you with satiety, helps you with thermogenesis, helps you protect body composition, and then write it to top of the list as exercise, resistance exercise. Pretty great straightforward advice and obviously again, thank you so much for everything that you've done for me and the world. We love you and thank you again. Great fun to be here with you.