Let me go back to the question of what is PTSD. So trauma is one top thing. That's they call it the criterion A. B. Are a variety of symptoms of re-experiencing that trauma. So nightmares and truceive thoughts, for example, being hearing a helicopter fly overhead and having memories and feelings triggered by that would be an example. The C symptoms or the B symptoms are would be the avoidance. So classic aspect of all anxiety disorders is something frightens you. You avoid it or you escape it if it comes along. If you're frightened of spiders, what do you do? You avoid spiders. I've known people with phobia like cock. I've had a colleague years ago who had a cockroach phobia. That's a good phobia. Yeah, and she was hearing Houston and she was like, I'm not staying in Houston. I'm leaving. I have seen cockroaches here in Houston. Yeah. If I had a phobia, I would also leave. Yeah, they're like that big. Some of them. Yes. And she understood the behavioral principles of how to treat a phobia, but she's like, I'm not going to do that. I'm moving the Boston. So she moved the Boston. That's a classic avoidance. But when we avoid things, we never get over our fears. And it's just a basic physiological principle of habituation. When I was in my early 20, when I was in my teens and early 20s, I had a very powerful fear of public speaking. Social anxiety terrified. I avoided it at all costs. Got all the way through college without ever having to get up in front of a group of people and talk. Until I got to graduate school and my second year graduate school, they said, you're teaching a class. There's 350 students that you're going to go teach developmental psychology too. And I had a choice. I avoid or I drop out of school. Do it or I drop out of school, essentially. And 30 years later, I don't have any anxiety about public speaking. If you face it and you deal with it and you just, that exposure, you don't have to get good at it. You just have to do it. And then, and then, so cluster B, A, B, C, symptoms are are the avoidance. And then the D symptoms are emotional things, self-blame, anger, arousal of the hypervigilance. There's a lot of things that include things like self-destructive behaviors, risky behaviors. So that's our diagnosis of PTSD. Now, since I'm on a roll, I'll give you my- going, I'll give you my definition. PTSD is essentially a combination of anxiety and depression and specific focus on the fear reactivity. So jumping out of airplanes, you had a traumatic experience and it terrifies you now. You don't do it. You stay away from jumping out of airplanes. That fear reactivity is kind of the defining feature of PTSD. And that would be, for example, also if someone got into a car accident while they were driving and they chose not to drive. Again, that's a fear reactivity. Right. And we go back to, we have a long conversation about the VA system where I worked and kind of some of the things I was seeing and trying to put forth then. But essentially, it becomes kind of simple. The VA has put the emphasis on PTSD as the go-to diagnoses for soldiers. Do you know how many soldiers and how many veterans are diagnosed with PTSD? I can give you two separate data points. One is the epidemiological data. This is the very rigorous data with large sample sizes, multiple studies that is kind of disconnected from systemic factors. You get a rate in soldiers of about 8%. 8%. And what is the rate in a general population? Do we know maybe six missing? Okay. I was going to say Matthew, why don't you look that up? You might Jamie. It's about six percent. Okay. Six percent. So two percent increase in. But if you go to the VA and you look at a VA, you know, people that use the VA, we now know that the GUI veterans, the rate, the global war and tear patterns. So the veterans that served in Iraq and Afghanistan for the most part have a 50%. 50% diagnosis of PTSD. Well, you ever take Econ 101? I never did either. But one of the principles of Econ 101 overlaps with some of the basic principles of psychology, which is when you offer a reinforcement for something, for a behavior, you get more of that behavior. Give me an example of how that. So the VAA provides disability cash payments that are essentially lifetime to soldiers to veterans who have PTSD. And so you end up with a PTSD rate of 50% in the VA. Maybe it's high. It's probably higher now. I don't know the exact number, but it's probably higher. So when I worked in the VA, which was 92 to 2006, part of what I saw and part of what I tried to talk about and some of my research followed on was the idea that first of all, does it even make sense to consider you as an invalid because you have a psychiatric disorder? I see. That's actually interesting. And if what I'm hearing you say is that in order to get disability, you must qualify for disability. In order to qualify for disability, you must have a certain percentage of, quote, illnesses that make you disable, what it is sleep apnea, PTSD, etc. What ever injuries or illnesses you have that you that developed while you were in service are identified, evaluated, and there's different numbers, different percent ratings. It's a zero to 100% total approach, but they give different percentages to different disorders based on their severity. So you have over half of all of the veterans from the last 25 years receiving VA disability payments for PTSD. Now, I got to say this before the hate mail starts to come at me. I've received my share of this over the years. I'm not anti-vatter, and I hope that's of course not clear. And I'm not here to take away veterans' benefits. I think we need to do a lot for our veterans every veteran who put on a uniform deserves a good life and deserves to be honored and revered and respected for what they've done. But to say to you, or to Matthew or Matthew, or producer, that you're a veteran, and, you know, since you have some symptoms of anxiety and depression, we're going to send you a check for the rest of your life. And do you also feel that it labels individuals deeper, where they then identify with this idea of having PTSD? Well, think about the message that sends. I see what's the exp, expectation. You go, wow, the VA is going to send me a check for the rest of my life. I'm probably never going to get better. So I think it's a tragic message to send. And these are treatable conditions. Civilians with PTSD or depression or anxiety who receive treatment, typically either get all the way better or they get much, much, much better, so the symptom improvement, the functional improvement in functioning is significant. So one question is, does it make sense to pay people to be sick? What message does that send? What is that doing to their own psyche because we're sending them a horrible message? You know, you're now a psychiatric envelope. When we should be providing treatment. And now you flip to the other piece of this and you say, well, how much money does VA spend on mental health treatment programs a year? I think it's 14%. Sorry, 14 billion. Yeah. They have no administrative data at the VA to support that veterans are getting better from their healthcare programs. And in the general population treatments for PTSD, would be, do you know how they're being treated? Is it medication? Is it cognitive behavioral therapy? Is it group support? Is it more holistic? It's all, it's all of that. It's all of that. Here's a bulb, but it's, it's heavily medication. So typically it's a medication to sleep, one or two anidepressants, maybe a mood stabilizer for everybody or everybody to get different. Yeah. But a very common pattern is to start you with one or two things. And then a week, a month, six months later, maybe out of few more. I've talked with veterans who just have a bucket, you know, a bucket of medications. Cognitive behavioral therapy is offered. Doesn't mean people are getting it. Lot of VA's do have things like acupuncture, other kinds of group therapies and such, but you know what they don't often offer are some of the treatments that you and I know about and are trying to bring out to the community, the Stella Gangling Block Therapies, the ketamine therapies, definitely will talk about that. Like, for a fairer oxygen therapy and more. And so like, but it gets back to the question of how somebody can get better when they're being paid to be sick.