The power nap is interesting. Does it have to be 20 minutes? If you're tired enough, could you fall sleep for 10? Mm-hmm. What's so interesting about naps is maybe even less is beneficial and in a little bit of a different way. Research from MIT just revealed that brief naps. I'm talking seconds moments of sleep over the course of the day. Allow you a tiny bit of what we call hypnagogia sleep. It's that way station from sleep to wakefulness or the other way. It's that way station between wakefulness and sleep. And we're finding the research is showing that moments seconds in hypnagogia sleep is associated with bursts in creativity in the ability to come up with solutions to complex problems. And what I love about that research is it really lowers the stakes. So many people say, oh, I can't nap. I've seen the research I wish I could, but I can't. And what that says is, don't worry. If you can get a couple minutes, you are in great shape to, you know, crush the rest of your day. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter when you do it. The ideal time for nap is in the dip in our circadian rhythm in the afternoon, which we all experience, whether you're a true evening person or a true morning person, we all simply experience a dip in our alertness in the afternoon. Why? Because we've been up for, you know, so many hours. So far in the day, we've consumed a lot of information. There's a small drop in our core body temperature in the afternoon. So it's kind of the perfect storm for a nap. And that's also a really good litmus test for whether you're getting enough sleep. How do you feel in the afternoon? Are you exhausted? Are you like, listen, I need something to get me through. That's a really good brahmeter for whether you're getting enough sleep at night. 20 minutes is considered a power nap. So moments are have been shown to be beneficial. And then what we call a power nap, what is you just go under the bed? Can you imagine? Are you guys just give me a second? And my husband's doing, he could fall asleep right here for two minutes. I love it. I love it. But he means a lot more. He will get it once he's done with his residency. Yes. He's doing such an amazing job. And remember, these periods of life are fortunately, fortunately, short-lived for many of us. The reality is most of us are not getting enough sleep. And I don't want anyone to feel bad. Is there listening to this going, I wish I get more sleep? Is there a way to recover? And I don't just mean in the short term, the brain function, the executive function, from years of lack of sleep of doing all of the things I'm not from being in high school. All of the research is showing that sleep, the quantity and quality of our sleep at night is a significant predictor of our health or well-being today tomorrow and well into the future. But importantly, sleep is not going to be perfect every night. And that's because sleep is part of the fabric of the human condition. And stress is all around us. I think now more than ever. And if you've been experiencing stress, you could have done everything else right. But you go into your bedroom and you slip into in between the sheets and you toss and turn. And it could be because of something a co-worker said, maybe stress that you weren't managing over the course of the day or some negative experiences you approach bedtime. A scary Netflix show, the list goes on. But yeah, those definitely don't watch those. Sometimes there are things that are out of our control. Do you have tips or tricks? I mean, I want to share mine because I have a handful that I think will solve everybody's sleep problems. It doesn't include alcohol. Number one, sheets. I know that sounds ridiculous, but the sheets have to be cool and they have to be really so key. Again, maybe it's a personal preference. It just makes if you are physically so comfortable. That's what I couldn't agree more. And you want your bedroom to be the place that you look forward to. I can tell that you love your sheets and what a beautiful hack. That's one thing that's easy to change. Sometimes it's hard for all of us to go out and get a new mattress. But by the way, we should be sleeping on a mattress for maybe seven, maybe eight, maybe nine years, but not much longer than that. But read it some research recently and we found that one in three Americans have had their mattress for far too long. But a mattress is expensive. And I think some of the other elements of your bedroom environment, your pillows, your sheets. You can upgrade. And they don't have to be expensive. But I do encourage go to whatever store, fine sheets that you love, just like you love yours. And you want to look at your bed and want so badly to get it. And look forward to sleep. Does it matter the kind of mattress? Does it matter if it's firm or not firm? Is there any data that would support people sleep better with X for at a 5% in-cline on a pillow? We are actually doing some of these studies right now to look at the best sleep surfaces and the components of an ideal mattress. Springs, what is the top or those types of questions that stay tuned? But in the bottom line, there is a lot of individual preference. However, if you're talking about a really plush surface versus a really firm surface, there is a lot of individual difference. And some people really look forward to a plush, you know, would love a plush experience, meaning something very soft. Others much prefer a firm surface. And I do think that your sleep position matters. So if you're a side sleeper, imagine your body on its side, on the mattress. Are you a side sleeper? I am a stomach sleeper. You amazing. You're part of the minority. There aren't a lot of stomach sleepers. I don't even know how that is possible. Now I think it's quite fascinating that we all have these preferences that we just move into. I'm a side sleeper. And specifically, I kind of curl into a fetal position. Covered by pillows. My husband gives me such a hard time for. He's a one. And I have like 16 on my side. We think about the kisser. Then what position is this? That is it's so funny. There's actually a scientific research on this. One of my favorite studies looked at different sleeper positions and had all these cute names for all the different types. And that is called the Starfish Pose. My kids are 100% Starfish fish. Is she also? No. My husband doesn't move. He's a box sleeper. Okay. Interesting. You both, you have two starfish. That's so interesting. And this research was it was interesting. They delivered the big five personality assessment and then asked questions about your sleeper position. They found that extra words were associated with Starfish Pose. It was more likely to be an extra word if you slept as a starfish. There you go. Two extra words. Maybe on your hand. And what about the rest? The idea of the other. I think you're more introverted. If you sleep like I do actually, which is true. I think I'm an extraverted introverted type, but the fetal position you're a little bit more introverted. I'm faced down. Nobody touched me. I'm just in my silky sheets. I love my mask. I love my mask. I love my mask. I love my mask. I love my mask. I love my mask. I love that so much because that is your routine. And what you've actually done is you've classically conditioned yourself to put in your earplugs, put on your eye mask, slip into your sheets, assume your position, and go to sleep. And these little things make such a difference. And what I also love about that routine is you can take it with you on the road. I do. I told you. There we go. It's days packed. It's beautiful. And then you can have some protection. Because you never can guarantee a quiet bedroom when you're traveling. The light environment so many even fairly nice hotels often have that sliver of light. What about their quality? We do see a strong association between the quality of our environment and our sleep. So if there's poor air quality, if it's stuffy, if there are allergens, we do see that that does interrupt our sleep. So buying an air purifier that can promote good air flow and air quality can be useful. Do you usually use air filter? I do. I do like a not the part of my sleep routine. I also do your plugs in my mask every night. I've brands that I love and I know that I can there are my go-to things and I take those with me when I travel. I also do like a little bit of background noise. And so that is one nice thing that an air purifier provides is a little bit of background noise to attenuate any interruptions, a siren, even a town over. You can sometimes hear the country or if you're in an urban environment, they're definitely going to be noises. Is there any data that would support an enhances sleep or does something to the brain while the brain is going through cognitive processes or contamination research to show that pink noise, which are generally kind of natural sounds, can be associated with memory consolidation. What's the difference between pink and white noise? Basically a different frequency of sound. White noise tends to be a little bit more of a static or mechanic noise, whereas pink noise is typically a natural sound. It doesn't make sense because white noise is a little jarring. Yes. So one of the biggest differences is that pink noise has more power at lower frequencies. It's typically natural sounds, rain or a babbling brok, and research has shown associations between the use of pink noise and memory consolidation.