Should I do LIPO? Is it going to actually help me lose weight? What's going to happen after? And I would love to hear your thoughts on love because it's not actually used for weight loss. No, no, it shouldn't be. And it's funny because I get patients come in with all different ideas. You know, I had a guy come into see me a couple years ago and he was funny. He was probably in his mid-50s and he comes in and says, he has a huge pop belly. And I go, well, hey, what, you know, I'm like, oh, John is not just saying anything. What can I do for you? What would you like to talk about? He can't, this, I swear to God, this is literally what I said. He goes, I need to get rid of this blubber. And he starts grabbing his stomach, his tummy. This is all this real fat, you know. So first of all, LIPO suction cannot get rid of this real fat. And so this real fat is found the inside of our admin around our inner organs and all of that. And that causes a tummy to look round or like a lot of, you know, some man get. LIPO suction, you are limited in general with how much you can liposuction safely. Isn't it five leaders? Exactly. So the FDA recommends limiting liposuction of five leaders in one setting, unless you have blood products available and or you're doing this in a hospital. Right. The reason why is because you lose so much blood, and who wants to go under a liposuction? They get a blood transfusion afterwards. Like this, just not the right thing. So how much is five leaders a fat? Well, not all of that five leaders is true fat. You know, you're talking maybe 60 or 70% of it at the most. So you're literally looking at taking off maybe 10 pounds. And now you're talking about a four hour huge operation where you're going to lose 10 pounds and you're going to have weeks of recovery, like it's not an easy way to lose weight. Ideally, LIPO suction is best done if you've got stubborn areas of fat that just won't go away. And even I know that people inherit fat deposition. Like, you know, if your mom has a double chin, you're likely to get a double chin. If your mom has saddle bags, you know, found out the outer thighs. Like your light, your, you know, likely to inherit it. If your dad has a pot belly, you're likely to inherit that. Meaning because of the aging, if you do nothing, the natural aging process or just the deposition of body fat. I think genetically our bodies are predetermined to hold fat in certain areas. Now, you can lipo some of that fat away. Okay. And that will make that go away. But I think those are also areas of fat that are the hardest to get rid of. You know, so once you know, I have patients in mind who are real thin, but they have a double chin. And their mom has the same thing. No matter how thin they get, that fat just doesn't go away sometimes for them because it's genetically predetermined. Like you sometimes, sometimes that type of fat is the last fat to go. If it ever goes, exactly. And I say even with people and I get myself, you know, under I fat, you know, this puffiness under your eyes. That runs in families too. That is fat inside your eye socket that's protruding. I have, I've seen patients in mind who are in their 30s who have that. Their parents have had it. And then they have kids that come in who are like 12 or 13. And they've got puffy under eyes. We inherit that deposition from our parents. Yes, with plastic surgery, you can treat that, but it's still going to be in your genes, you know. But that would be the way. So if someone you're saying basically if they have it's spot reduction. Exactly. It's only spot reductions, not really about again, the most you would ever be able to take would be 10 pounds of max. And then you have to think about bilaterally right if it's, yes. But it's. I really best done in somebody who's at a healthy, reasonable body weight and they go, you know what, no matter what I do, I've just got extra fan of my arms and my mom has it to. My dad has it to. You know, those are really that and that's going to be most, um, I think beneficial overall because once again, there are those areas of fact that, you know, we, you know, we people used to believe that, oh, if you've got fat of your arm, you just do a lot of triceps exercise. That'll make that fat go away. It doesn't go away. No, you know, as we know, you can't spot, spot reduce fat by working out. Um, and so I, but I, but they're still that belief. I think that people have. I get so many patients who come to see me and they've got, you know, a little bit of extra fat or skin and they're tummy after having children. They're husbands, boyfriends, tell them, oh, just do more sit us. You're, you're not doing enough sit ups. And it's like, come on, like, that doesn't look that way. Get out of here, dude. Get out of here. Um, what happens when, so you remove these fat cells? Do they ever come back? Do they ever proliferate back? No, but the fat that's still there because you can't remove every fat cell can enlarge. So there is, there is a belief on the minority that if you remove fat from one part of the body that you will gain it in another area, there was a small say that came out like 12 years ago that appeared to show that, but since then there have been multiple other studies, much larger ones that have disproven it. You know, I've been doing liposuction for 20 years. I have never had a patient come to see me and they're like, yeah, you took fat out of my thighs and now I've got pop-ups. You know, that it doesn't happen. It's 20 years I've never had that. Now, people can gain weight afterwards, and in fact, can come back. Does it usually redistribute back to those places? Um, not necessarily. And the hope that, and what I try to explain to patients, the ideal is that you give them the shape that they're looking for. You take down those stubborn areas, and then if they do gain weight, they gain weight proportionally with their body. So it's no longer sticking out because now those fat cells are less than number. They may still increase in size, but maybe there's half of what there was before. And is it a very invasive or is it a pretty... LIPO? Yeah. Yeah, it's invasive. So you make an incision, which it's a small scar, which is good. Then we inject a bunch of anesthetic fluid into the area. We call it to messin' and that has lied a cane for pain and up in effort into helping constrict blood vessels. I was wondering the issues with LIPO in the past was the first type of LIPO. She just making incision, just start sucking out fat, but they would just bleed like crazy. Right. So the up in effort helps to reduce the bleeding. And then after that, you put literally one or two stitches in the incision, then they have to wear tight garments afterwards. Usually the patients drain for several days, or they're just draining... ...seeping fluid, and it's sore. It's not like sharp incision sore, but it's like somebody beat me up type sore. Not that I've ever been beat up before, but that's... We could change that. We're shane now. I just can't have you. You up for it. In terms of the increased use of OZEMPIC, are you seeing that LIPO suction do have an idea if it may become less popular? Is the non-invasive... ...anialization? When I started my practice in O4, we were seeing a lot more like full body LIPOs. I don't see hardly any of them anymore, honestly. And I don't know if it's just my practice that we've already cleaned up everybody in Michigan. And part of it is that somebody comes in and they're overweight. I try to encourage them, hey, work on lifestyle stuff first. It used to be when I was more of a cut first surgeon. Yeah, I'd bring patients back and we'd do four liters of LIPO. A liter of each thigh, half a liter from the front, half a liter from the back. And then we do the arm stuff like that. I almost never see that anymore. But that's also my practice as maybe it has evolved. But I do think there's so many people on OZEMPIC nowadays. Yes. Which I think could be really, really great. OZEMPIC or Mungerno, especially if you're doing the right things.