You have to think that it's life for death. You have to. Because, and it comes down to that sometimes, because what happens is, you know, in a regular season, if you don't run well at one race, you may not get, you may not get it invited in the next race. So that's death. Your season is going to get cut short. So it's life for death. I have to beat you guys. I have to slay you. Because I need to keep moving forward, progressing forward. Justin, Gatlin. Welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you for having me. What goes through the mind of the fastest man alive? Everything, very fast. It's a unique thing to be dubbed the fastest man on the planet. Because what happens is, anywhere you go, you know that you're beating the Biden ever. Right? But also when you measure yourself up against other elite athletes, they still give you so much more respect. Like I can walk into a room with Tom Brady, Michael Jordan, and they'll look over like that's the fast guy though. That's the guy who can get it down really quickly. So it's a badge to have and you can't put on our pride. But I can imagine that that is not an easy accomplishment nor an easy road to get to. I'd love to about your career as an Olympian and how you fell into the sports, probably didn't fall into the sports of track that you fell into, but your career has been down. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. Well, you want to start it? What you want to know? Yeah, well, I want to know where you started. How does one become Justin Gatlin? How does one become the Olympian? And the athlete that you have. Doug, I actually stumbled into it. Not what I was expecting. You're right. Yeah. What will happen was it's the fact that at a young age, my parents, they allowed me to try everything. Right? They was like, oh, you want to try swimming? You want to try baseball? You want to try football? I even played saxophone, piano, trumpet, the element chart, try everything. How old? I started probably doing everything at six, all the way to about when I got to middle school. Right? So, about it, I got to middle school. That's when I found track on my own. How? That, and now I remember coming home with the jersey. It to show my parents like, I made the track team. Now, mind you, I was very slow and lazy around the house. My nickname was Lounge Lizard. You know, so when I came to that door with a big smile on my face and I was like, I made the track team. They looked at each other and then they laughed. They bust out laughing. You, you made the track team, though. No way. Fast forward. They came to my first meet and they saw me run for the first time and they saw a whole different mindset in me. They saw a serious, I took it. They saw that I was hungry for it and I wasn't backing down. I was brave and my attempt to go out there and really competed a high level and ever since then they became my circle, my biggest fans. And as I grew to learn what track on field was, they grew to. Now, I came from a family that didn't play sports at all. So, it wasn't like a legacy past on like from my mom and my dad. It was, we were learning on the fly together. And that's unusual, right? It's very unusual. You think that a parents fitness level transfers in some regard over to their children? Yeah, you, you would think so but I discovered and they allowed me just to wander and just discover who I was, what I wanted to be. And the love that they have was, say, be you. Do what you want to do and we're going to, if you really want to do it, we're going to back you 100%. And I had the opportunity to take my parents around the world, multiple times, at different venues. They've been to every Olympics. I've been to the band-a-viral championships. I've been to, I got to a point at the end of my career. They was like, I retired a traveling. So you can retire now if you like. So, I mean, I'm just going to do the Olympics here. So we have, I just want to preface everyone so they understand who they're listening to. So basically career accomplishments include, not limited to numerous international titles, including an Olympic gold medal in 2004, four outdoor world championship gold medals, two indoor world championship gold medals, two world athletic relay, gold, gold, is it gold medals, gold medals and the winner of the Diamond League in the 100 meter, four, three years. So you've had you have nine gold medals. I do. Nine silver medals. Yes. And two bronze medals. I have, I'm the most decorated sprinter, male sprinter of all time. So. Just the, Matt, let that sink in. My producer is here. And I'm the oldest has been on the podium. My gosh. There. So there's so many questions that I have. You know, we were talking a bit offline. Oftentimes, this podcast is around medicine. And yes, I love medicine. I love health and wellness. But I also really love extraordinary people. And you cannot be physically extraordinary without being mentally, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's mental, extraordinary capacity. I appreciate that. I mean, but it's true. It is, it's 100%. It's 100% true. It's times where I'm mentally tuned in. And I don't feel, I feel almost out of body. I'm like, oh, oh, you were tough, SOB. I was like, yeah, I'm bill for this. Because it becomes almost natural. It's almost like that fighter flight feeling that you have, whereas like, you're going to fight for this is instinctual or either you're going to run from it and you got to soup yourself up to fight for something. I've always fought for it. And that's the first thing I was leaning towards. Do you remember you started running how through your word? Probably, well, I started middle school. Okay. I loved it. Didn't keep my grades up. Okay. So up enough to where it was up to my mom's standard. So she pulled me off the track team. And then when I really got focused and really took a serious was high school. So I'll say probably my freshman year, so I was like 14 years old. What goes, I mean, at 14, you can't even drive. No, not. What is the mindset of a 14 and were you good at 14, were you good? I was good. I remember beating all the seniors and juniors in districts in the hundred, without with little training because the first school I was at, I wasn't getting trained. It was just one of the, it was one of the football coaches that would come out there and his folding chair and his crossword puzzle and he'd like, all right, guys, go out there and just run around a little bit and exercise and we'll be done for today. So I went out there just competing. Gun goes off. I'm going to run like a bad out of hell. And I went out there and beat all these guys with no technique, no nothing. So when I moved to the second high school that I went to, I learned technique. I learned like how to be more precise with my angles and things like that. So it made me even a more formidable opponent. But the funny thing is when I started my, when I started running track in high school and got to that second high school, the coach was looking at numbers because track and field when you're looking at a team perspective, it's all about points. So if this kid over here, those, it does it throws, he can score 10 points for us. This guy in the hurdles score 10 points for us. This guy's just spreading his score 10 points for us. So we're beating other teams. So I was a more talented in the other sprinters. We had eight sprinters all together. I could hurdle as well. So I became a hurtler because I can score points. So a lot of people even know I could even spread anymore. Wow. And then you start competing. So at 14, you were competing in track and field. Yeah. The, was there a moment again? You've had such a decorated career? What was the next moment where you said, you know what? This is, this is going to be something that I'm going to do. I always looked at my career in stages of like one to two years. You know, they always tell you, you should have a five-year plan. Well, what are you going to be doing in 10 years? For me, I guess my mental capacity couldn't even think at that age, like what I'm going to do in five years. When we're doing in 10 years, I don't know. But what I want to do today, or what I want to do this year is I want to become state champion. So I want to be the fast kid in the state. And then I want to be the fast kid in the nation. And then I want to go to the next level. And you were thinking that? I was thinking that. That was my always my goal. My goal was something now. I know that if I worked hard at it, it's obtainable tomorrow, quote unquote. You know what I mean? That's what I'm worked on. But that's unusual, right? There's a nature versus nurture. How much do you think is natural talent versus, how much is just sheer, will and tenacity? I think all track athletes start up with nature, which is natural talent. And then over time, it's the ones who really want to get to that next level that nurture steps in that coach is teaching you. And whatever you retain is going to make you a better athlete. Now, what that coach teaches sometimes, it becomes uncomfortable. Because now you've got to change your form. Now you've got to you've got to work harder. Now you've got to push yourself more past the threshold of what your talent really is to get to that new level. A lot of athletes don't want to go that far. I think this is what got me here. It's going to take me even further. And I learned that an early age, I was like, no, if if if if I need a coach, I'm going to use a coach. If I don't need a coach, why are their coaches even existing? You could do it on your own. So I've relied on my coaches to be my guru, to be my mentors, to take me to that next level. And then I also learned that these coaches have been around the block a while. You know what I mean? They could become my mentors as well and teach me and help me watch out for certain pitfalls. So then my mind and my nature and nurtures start to become balanced. And then that's why I looked at sports at a different level. It wasn't any more about winning championships. It was being obsessed with the process. I fell in love with the process of becoming fast. I love that. When sprinting, why did you pursue a career in sprinting? Because you were doing other track and field events. Yeah. Yeah. And then there was this carrot dangling of sprinting. I remember having a conversation with a gold mellist to Catholic named Brian Clay. And he we were sitting there both getting worked on on the massage table. We was at like World Championships in 2005. And I said, man, you know what? I think I could do the Catholic on. He was like, for what do you think so? I was like, well, let's look back on my old numbers. I could hurdle very well. That's what got me to college. That's jumping over over to obstacle. So it's 10 barriers. I said, I could hurdle very well. That's what got me to college. Where did you go to college? University of Tennessee. Okay. And I could long jump 24 feet, 10 inches. I could hide jump six feet, eight inches. And I could, I'm pretty strong. I could throw a shot of knee B. And the only thing that got him my way was the pole vault part. Right? So I think over time I'll I'll be competitive enough. I can do it if I need to. Right? So it was like, wow, the numbers. You probably go out there and break the world record in the Catholic if you tried. I was like, oh, cool. But my love was sprinting. Always. I loved it. Because when you're in shape and you're at your best, you feel like a superhero. It's like you can call on the will of speed when you want to. And it's almost like you're just flowing. And as I was saying earlier, when you get to start line the Olympics and that gun goes off, it's almost like being in the matrix. Everything around you slows down, but you're running like 27, 26 miles per hour on foot. My husband doesn't even drive that fast. Wow. You know, when you got to college, you decided that you were going to focus on sprinting. I did. Yeah. Well, my coach decided that actually. He was at the bag, the high school national meat promoter to allow me to sprint because I was known as a hardler. And he said, all right, I'll let you sprint. Went through the whole rounds, prelimbs, semi-sophials. I made it over to the finals. I guess I get third in the nation. I get third in the nation. And I wasn't even supposed to be in the event. And I remember the coach who recruited me for Tennessee was there, other recruiting other athletes. He leaned over to rail. He looked at me. It says, I did not know you can sprint like that. In the moment I got to Tennessee, we had a private practice. He pulled me to the side one of one of the other fast guys who were already there. He was a junior. And they told me, getting a block, students and starts. And then they'll whisper to each other. Super, super, super, do again. So they knew they had something. So now we have a dynamic duo. And you knew you had something. I did, but I didn't know to what magnitude, right? So as a kid, you become naive to process, right? And you're kind of this thing at the time, right? It's easy to tell. I'm not thinking about where I can take this to. I'm thinking about any time I give effort. I give all my effort. Is that always still? Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think that that's what your pride lies in the effort that you do give. It means a lot. And in track and field and you can speak on other sports, there's always some by watching you. And usually they're little lies. I mean, like smaller people, younger people, they're watching the effort that you give. And they may not be judging you, but they're going to be imulating you subconsciously. So if you don't want us giving up or slowing down or sand back on the workout, so they're going to do the same thing. So now you're creating the next generation to be subpar when you could have your full effort and fought for it. And now they're going to be fighters. So they're going to carry your legacy. And that's how people all the time, I was like, well, what do you feel? How do you feel after you finish running? Like, what are you going to do? I was like, I'm going to just pour back into the next generation that comes behind me. Because they're the one that's going to keep my fire going. They're the ones that are going to keep my name going. That's just like the tall tails or the legends that you hear about, you know, they speak on you, where respect. And that's what I want to do. So from the Olympics, the Olympics, world championships, how long has your career span been? 20 years, 20 years. How does someone have that much longevity? I just love the process. The process kept going and I just kept going with the process. But I mean, that's a lot of physical burden. It is. You also travel. You've also, I mean, I'm sure not every moment of the journey was easy. I'm sure you've had challenges. Absolutely. I loved hearing all about that. But how does someone maintain that kind of longevity in this sport? I learned to micro manage my process. And micromanus has such a bad vibe around it, right? But think about if you're doing the same routine year in year out. I'm training nine to five, literally. I'm going to practice this at nine a.m. I go, it's training on the track. Then I go to one gym for about another two hours. Then I go to another gym for another two hours. By some of finish, I'm doing therapy is five o'clock, right? And how old were you when you started that process? So you went to college? What to call it for two years? Oh, for physically, track and field. And then I turned pro. So after my sophomore year I turned pro. So I was able to go out there and run. So I was 19, 20 years old when I started professionally running. And all the way to the point where I was 39, I finished. Yeah, it was a long time. And it was parts where I had to grow as a man. And grow as a human being in realized that, you know, track and field was in my life. But it's what gave me life. And especially starting so young. Yeah. I mean 18 years old, you're just figuring, I mean, probably takes another two decades to figure life out. To have that kind of responsibility at 18, now you're running professionally. What about the physical training in terms of, were you thinking about longevity? Because there is, you know, there is peak performance, which typically doesn't align with longevity. And what I mean by that is when you're operating at the highest capacity, your body pays a price. Yeah. It's not, you know, there's this kind of ramp up to, okay, you're in good shape. And then you hit peak performance and you're asking your body thing, you know, to do things that are extraordinarily difficult. Absolutely. At 18, how are you eating? How are you recovering? How are you thinking about all those things? Are you just thinking, be fast? I don't even want to tell you. That was horrible. I was at average 18. 18 years old is probably eating. I was eating junk, hamburgers, pizza, hot dogs. Anything I get my hand on that tasted good, right? And also the fact of playing video games, I'm staying up through a clock at the morning. So a lot of my nature came into effect instead of my nurture in those situations. But I learned, like I said, to micro-manage my obsession, which was instead of thinking about the long days or a long season I have, that's going to be day in, day out, year in, year out. I've lurked. I kind of focused on aspects of my craft. Like one year, I would just work on my start. That's why I've focused on another year. I work on my top-end speed. And then I'll start sewing them together. As long as I kept my competitiveness that fire inside of me, I was still able to kind of go out there and compete at a high level. But I wasn't being that same just in each time, right? I was evolving. I was changing. I was still in that same environment, but I was growing. So it never stunted me. I love the process throughout the whole time, even to the end. And how would you, could you take us through something like that? When you say that you work on your start? With that be, you wake up in the morning, you're thinking about the start, you're doing it for hours and hours and hours every day that you're just going to get this thing done. What is that even like? So I started, it started back in 2011, 2012 actually. And I moved to this coach named Dennis Mitchell. And I came back in those sport, and I said coach, you know, I want to get my start better. He said you're going to have to get your start better. You're running against guys like you say in bold, your hump, leg, Tyson Gay. These guys are running 9, 7, 9, 6. So for you to get into the party, you're going to have to get out in front of these guys out the starting blocks. So we literally will work on my start for two hours straight. Did you get out yourself? No. I've always felt like there's a will as a way. It was one time I doubted myself. And I remember I was, I got fit that erased somewhere in Berlin. And I was like, this is not you. And I remember just sitting in the in the tub and the shower just running on me. And I was like, bro, this is not you, right? Two, this is not you getting fifth. And this is not you sitting in the tub with the water running on you and you soaking. Never happening again. And it never happened again. I never got to that point ever again because I made sure that I competed at a high level and for me to compete at a high level, I had to check off a lot of boxes to make sure I will stay at that level. And before you hear that gun go off, what is going through your head? I'm about to tear these guys up. Every time is it every time is the same thing every time. Yeah, I had to create a different persona, a whole different me. The just that I'm talking right now, like I'm very casual, chill, but then Jay Gatt, Jay Gatt is that monster. Jay Gatt is that for roaches in the visual that says, you think that you're going to take money out of my pocket, food off my table. You know, I'm saying my family's trying to eat. I'm coming out trying to win. This is what I train for each and every day for. You do too, but I train harder and I'm strong getting you, I'm fast it in you. And I go out there and I believe 100% of what I'm thinking. And it's like the moment I wake up that morning for that race. And usually when we're in Europe, the races are in the evening. So throughout that whole day, I'm pacing back and forth like a cage tiger. Like I'm just ready. I know what I'm here for. I'm not here for a vacation and going to see the lean and tallopies and the right walk China. I'm here to get the job done. I'm here to handle business. So that's the mentality that we're going to. So once I, I would my crew manage my time like to the point where it was like, I coach, we got two minutes to get on this bus. I we got one minute before I start warming up. I would make sure that all, I would allocate all my time to some of those going prepare me for that moment. So when they call you into that call room, that's the last point before you go out into that track. And I want to be prepared. I don't want to go into that call with things like, man, I should have did one more stride out. Man, I should have did this. I'm ready. Let's go do this. Did you ever have to go to a dark place to maintain that kind of motivation and focus? Funny. I feel like the dark place was all around me. Me being away from the sport and then having to come back into the sport and then having to deal with the juggernaut like you say in bolt. And the media was always like white hat black hatting us because I always see his rival. You know, like, but I tell my came back he was winning by far. No one wanted to challenge him. He was out there just having a great time. You know? Is that why you came back into the sport? I was so inspired. I saw him break the world record in 2008 and people in the sport were like so scared. Like a lot of sprinters like stop sprinting and went into other events or they just didn't compete at all anymore. You know, for me it was different. I looked at that screen. I remember I was seeing in a bar and I looked at by the screen. I was like, I want to race that guy. And that's what got me really inspired to come back into the sport. Thank you to bond charge for sponsoring this episode of the show. We live in a crazy environment. And I'm sure that you feel it whether you're tired or you've got skin problems. I know that it happens to all of us. And that's one reason why I love bond charge. bond charge is a company. It's more of a holistic company that has anything and everything to meet your needs for your environment. For example, I love bond charges red light therapy. You may have seen me use it in my IG stories, but they make an incredible device. I use the red light max device. It's a massive panel. I also use the many and I've tried a lot of different devices. I sit in front of it and I'm telling you, I feel warm. It gives me red and near infrared light, which typically is in the early mornings at sunrise and or at sunset. Many of us are outside during that time. It does a number of things for us. Like helps with our circadian alignment. helps with our skin. helps me with storm muscles and a whole host of other things. So if you are someone who feels like you suffer from low energy, maybe you're not recovering. I strongly recommend you add light to your health plan and bond charge does a fantastic job at this. You can get yours at bond charge.com slash doctor lion. That's bond charge dot com slash doctor lion and you will get 15% off. I have a whole host of podcast episodes coming all about the science of light. Really quickly. I'd like to take a moment to thank one of the sponsors and that's fatty 15. You've heard all about essential fatty acids and fatty 15 is a new fatty acid. The first one discovered in the last 90 years and let me tell you. Essential fatty acids are critical for health and wellness. We've all heard this of course, but fatty 15 is unique. So it's a carbon 15 and by the way, it is going to be helpful for cellular aging. The reality is we're all getting older, but there are ways and things that we can do to combat the destruction and impact our life style has on our body and our brain and our mood. Fatty 15 is one of those supplements. Fatty 15 is amazing and it's extremely potent and by the way, you will not be burping up fatty 15 because it is tasteless and odorless, which also makes it amazing. Fatty 15 has great research behind it, which again, I think is extremely valuable. So a lot of different supplements on the market. I'm only bringing to you supplements that I love and use myself. Fatty 15 is helping me with energy. I'll let you know about aging next year, but Fatty 15 is an amazing product. I think that you're going to love it. Go to fatty15.com slash doctor lion. That's Fatty 15.com slash doctor lion and no surprise you will get 15% off on your first 90 day subscription. Now back to the episode. Take me through a little bit about where your career was at the time and how you decided to come back and when you saw him you were inspired by greatness. I will say that the best of the best individuals are always inspired by greatness. They are not afraid of it. They're not intimidated by it but they're inspired by the greatness of others. Yeah, you smell it. It's like a different energy. It's a greatness and when another person recognize the greatness is like an energy you feel. So watching that, I was attracted to that energy and it made me more relentless. I was like I could come back into a sport and I could compete. But now it's like I come back into a sport and have a goal. I want to I want to stay in shoulder to shoulder with this guy at the start line and I made that happen. So take me to where you had been in your career when you decided to get back in the game. So you started racing professionally. Your first big win was what? Before when I came back into the game? No, before. But the initial part, because again, you've had a career you know, 2001 you won gold at the outdoor championships. So my first part of my career was a fairytale within itself. Okay. So I turned pro in 2003. I went to indoor worlds and I won indoor worlds probably like two months after turning in real, right? So that's my first gold medal. 2004 is the Olympics. So I made the Olympic team. I win the gold medal there. 2005 is the world championship year. I win not only one gold but two gold, 200 and the 200. Then 2006 I break the world record in the 100 meters. So it was constantly like like I said, I had a list of things I wanted to do. I was checking off the boxes of what I exactly what I wanted to do, what I wanted to achieve and I've really, really sent my attempts of doing so. And I never in and in my self with multiple goals at once, right? So if it was on Olympic gear, that's where we focus on. I'm not focusing on breaking the world record and getting the Olympic gold. I wanted to focus on how laser focused on that moment, which in respect to moment, which was, let's win this Olympic gold. And then we can mature ourselves to go out and break a war record. And I mean that's not very insightful. And how old were you then? So 2006. 21. I believe yeah. So I was just legal enough to celebrate my win. Isn't that isn't it crazy looking back? It is. At the change in the amount that you've become. Did you have any challenges with that first leg of your career? No, not really. I mean, one thing I saw other athletes in and greatness is observant, very observant. The people who possess greatness, they're aware of everything around. Like Tom Brady, he understands every aspect of defense that he plays against. Usually you think in like all he does, it stands his offense. That's all he needs to understand. No, he understands the whole game. It's the same thing for me. I understand the whole game. I know each and every one of my competitors, what their attributes are, what their flaws are, how their season is going, how they're running, what their PRs are, what. So I know that I can be able to eliminate certain variables. So when you go out there and compete against them, I know exactly how I'm going to fare against them. I only get nine seconds. I don't get four quarters. I don't get two 90 minutes. I get nine seconds to go out there and show the world what I'm made of and go out there and beat seven other of the elite world athletes. So I have to know all the variables that's in play. Did you ever try to get into their head? Could you? I, I, mental warfare. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm getting at. Mental warfare. Because it's not, I can't imagine you guys are all hanging out together. So mental warfare is way different in track of field than other sports. So I'll take you through what mental warfare looks like. So let's just say we have the Olympic trials, right? And mean your competing gets each other. We're the top dogs. So what I'll do is, I have a prelimbs, semi-sandfinals, so do you. We probably are not in any, any of the rounds together. We'll see each other at the finals. So what happens is, I'll run my prelimbs. I'll try to conserve as much energy as possible, but still dominate that race. So what that look like is, I'll get out hard and then I'll, I'll command the race halfway through the race and then as I'm running, I'll look around, make sure no one's beside me and then I'll shut down and I'll start to like, try to cross the line. That'll show my dominance. That's the mental warfare. So anybody is watching in the warm up area at home or your competitors getting ready to come on to the track too. They see how fast you are and you're holding back. So when you go into the semi's, you do the same thing. If I gave 50% in the prelimbs, I'm giving you about 75% in the, in the semi's, right? So then I do the same thing. I get out hard, I dominate the race. I might have someone to be able to go against me like at 65 meters and then I dominate them and then I come across the line and then I look at time, I'm running pressed, even though it's a fast time and then I walk off the track, right? Mental warfare. Is that an unspoken? It is. It's very unspoken. It's unspoken. It's very unspoken. So that's the way that you get into your competitors head without directly walking out there. Good days are bad days and one of my competitors always told me, it's like, I've been a hated go against you because I can never read you. You would always have a poker face on it. If I was fast at that point in time, I was still bad at the same face even if I wasn't ready. You got to have a poker face because we're all sitting in a room like a room we're sitting now. So imagine five other individuals in this room that get ready to go run and try to beat you. They're looking at you. They're ironing you. They're trying to see if you're sweating too much or if you're looking away or if you like intimidated, like you same will walk back and forth in the room as if like he's hosting a party. How are you feeling? You good? How's everything going? How? He'll start trying to have like banter one of the guys to take him out as mindset. Now you say, my set was to relax and have fun. That's where his super power line. My aim was to dial in and say, focus, stay hungry. So he would never would approach me on that matter because he understood what I was. But that's how mental warfare in our sport is. Just like that. You got to know who you are and you got to play that game very fair. Well, at 21 years old, you were kind of thinking about this. Yeah. Yeah. 21. Yeah. Then what happens after 2006? So I tried out for football too. No big deal. Try out for football and it wasn't a fit for me. It wasn't my life. But before then, I was away from the sport because I had to serve a band. Within that band, it took me away for four years. Right? How did you deal with that mentally? It was tough. And it came at a time when I was crossing that threshold from being a young boy into turning into a man or a young man turning into a man. So at that age of 25, 26, 27, you know that that change. Right? So it was a gift in a person away because it allowed me to find myself at a slow down and realize who I was and realize that track wasn't my life. Try gave me life but track wasn't my only thing. I helped contribute to track and make a success as well. So it was a tough moment for me. I'd ever thought suicide, but I questioned the worth of me. Right? And with me questioning my worth, I started doing things that were definitely out of my character. I was drinking every day. I was partying every day. I was hanging out. I think when I hit rock bottom is when in Pensacola we have in the summertime we partied on the beach. There's a three mile bridge that connects the mainland to the beach. And when you party you partied till about two o'clock in the morning on the beach and then everyone drives home. Crazy, right? So yeah, that's a really bad idea. Right? So I remember it was about to be two o'clock in the morning. I'm leaving and my vision is blurry and I'm driving in a porcesterar so it's already like terrible and I hit a rock. I thought the rock was like a paper bag. I shouldn't even hit it in the first place. And then I remember there was a police officer who helped control traffic. He was a hey man, you didn't see that rock? I know I don't know I reaped about the hole. And he gave me a pass. He let me go. He even questioned me, right? Because he knew what was. He was like, just get home safe man, you'll be right. Get home safe. I started driving across that bridge and I felt like I was only calling that bridge. And then that moment I thought if I lose control of this car and I flipping to this water, this dark water, no one's going to find me. It's going to be gone. You know? And then that moment I started thinking not about myself but the people who are my circle, who love me. And family, my family, who would miss me, right? And who were going to deep depression. So that's what snapped me out of my depression, realizing that my actions would cause their depression. And I didn't want to bring that on. So the moment I crossed that bridge, I got myself out of that and I started working to get better, working to come back, stop drinking, stop party and that's when I started going into the, into the football room. And you weren't a fan? No, I'm a fan and I respect football. Meaning. I mean, it wasn't for you. It wasn't for me because I'm the kind of person like I always, in track and feel whatever you put out is what you get, right? And it was a lot of politics that comes with football. You can work very hard and you still can lose what you're seeing. You can have the best day of your career. You can still lose what you're seeing. You can have the worst day. And you can win what you're seeing. So, and on top of that, you could be the best player in your position in your coach or the coaching staff can sit you for whatever reason they want to sit you. They didn't sit well with me because I feel like the best should always play. The best should always compete. And that was always been my ethos in all the all the. So that's what I live for. And I respect what football players bring to the table and how hard they work and what their grind is. But I remember when I was at, um, many can't with Tampa Bay, Buck and ears. And I was going out for a while receiver. They gave me 10 plays to remember, right? Now, I'm looking at it physically. I can move like a while receiver. I can catch. I can go in and out of routes. But no one taught me to replace. So it looked like hard glyphics. I'm looking at their like, okay, all right? I'm going to remember five of these plays and then tomorrow, I'm going to have 50 50% chance of being good, right? That hopefully don't keep me in the threshold. So when out there in that's the jack will happen. Five plays that they will. Five of the plays that didn't do well. So it was like great job or it was what are you doing, got little, you know? So then I was like, I'll remember the other five the next night, right? They put another 10 in front of us. So then I realized from there, I was like, all right. As I laid in bed and my roommate was sound asleep and there's like two o'clock in the morning, we got to get up at six. I was like, do I stay in the sport where I have to learn everything over again? And the notion of the fact that I'm a runner is isn't always welcomed in a football, right? Yeah, because they always think that linear speed is where all you can do. Like, and it was thing like, oh, you're a spring of your runner. Can you even catch, you know, some things like that. So I was like, do I, do I prove them wrong or do I go back to a sport while once was a king? And that's what I work towards. And was it because you just love competing? I do. I do. I wish I could compete now. I know. We're going to, we're going to, we're going to find something. We're going to find something. We're going to find something. We're going to find something. What is competing like with you? I know I'd have to ask you or it's intertwined with my essence. It's who is part of me. Like, I never thought I would be one of those kind of people. I always thought like, oh, you know, I'm not winning them obnoxious people who compete like if we're playing ping pong. I'm like, I'll beat you up. But for whatever reason, like, when it's time for me to compete, I just dial in. I lock in. I, I, everything slows down around me and I take it really serious. And that's something that once I retired, I miss. It's a part of me. And I got to find that again. Do you feel like that is, I mean, is that cultivated or is that, is that a talent or is that just what you're meant to do? I think it's a part of me, but also winning is addictive. You can see to do other things gambling and everything else. People want to win. They love the feeling of winning. So I think for me, it was like, doing a victory lap after winning a major race and staying there, a whole extra hour, just signing autographs, taking pictures with people. I loved it. Because if people paid their hard earned money to come out and watch me for a moment, somewhere in another country, you know what I mean? And that's what really wanted me. I wanted to bring the best out of people and inspire them by showing them what I could do. How long did you celebrate each one? I always will have a thing with my agent or my coach, whoever was there with me. And before I went into the call room, I'll tell them, all right, if I win, you can go back to the hotel because I'm about to be here for like an hour. I'm gonna be signing autographs, I'm gonna be taking pictures, do a victory lap. So they know, if I win, they just packed their stuff up, they go to the hotel. So I'll stay. I was signed an autograph. I'll take every picture I can and whoever wants to be next to me and be inspired, I'm there for it. But after, after that hour, after that two hours, and you go back to the hotel room, are you focused on that win or is it what's the next race? Usually is what's the next race. If I'm on the phone with my parents and tell I kind of debrief them on exactly how everything went, how the race unfolded, if they're not there, after I get off that phone call, I'm usually done with that race. I'm usually on to the next race. Now if my coach has some words at dinner and play me, you did good, you did this, and this, and that, you could do better in that part, and he ran this part well, and we got this strategy for the next part, next time, next race, right? But after that, it's over. I'll give you a perfect example. When I won my Olympic gold in 2004, I remember receiving it, get on the podium, had the refund of my head, gold around my neck, and I came back to the Olympic village, right? And I came back to my room, I looked at the medal, and I wrapped the ribbon around it, and I put in the side pocket of my carry on, and I kept on competing. I wasn't, it didn't, the medal, the hardware didn't move me. It was living in the moment, making history. Why does that feel like? Amazing. I mean, that's amazing. When you're standing at that line, and you can, like, it's eight of the guys standing there, and you're almost shoulder to shoulder to the point where you can feel their body heat coming off of them, and when the announcer says, run into your mark, the whole stadium gets quiet, 100,000 people. And then you're here, set. We lift our hips up, the gungo's off. When the gungo's off, it's almost like a super no-re exploding. A crowd goes crazy. It lights in everything flashing. Like, literally the world stands still for Olympic hundred meters. We had LeBron James, Kobe Bryant, KD, all these basketball players run into the stadium in 2012 to watch the Olympic finals, and then run out the stadium. Right? So literally the world watches for this moment, and it's such exhilarating moment for real. It's addictive. It's like you want to go back to the Olympics again and again. Yeah. So you're at the starting block. You're here, start, and then it's your heart just pounding out of your chest, and your... It is. This, what are you, I don't know, thinking about your child? I mean, what are you, what is going through your head aside from I'm going to crush them? It's one moment where you have self-reflection. It's when you're down in the blocks, and then you get your feet set into the pedals, and then instead of looking up down the track, you look down at the track, right? So your your head's looking down, you're right here, looking at the track in front of you, in that moment right there, because all you can see. So then when you all this is, you can see, you start thinking, you start thinking like, man, I'm really at the Olympics or man, like, this is crazy or I'm going to win this race, what do I have to do? In the moment that gun goes off, everything's instinctual out of that. Like, you gun goes off and you just running. You're thinking about executing your race pattern, going through your phases, remembering your cues, and then you get to a point of the race where you get to your top end speed, and then you start to like, you start to consciously start to compete against the other athletes around you. And how fat I mean, the whole thing is over in 10 seconds, nine seconds, nine seconds, six, yeah, yeah. But so you, all of these things are going through your head in two seconds, how long does it take to get to the top end speed? It usually takes you about maybe seven seconds to get to top end speed. And is that moment what separates the person who ends? Yeah, yeah. It's a combination because you got to think that we just ran three rounds to get to the finals, right? Or we just ran two rounds to get to the finals and I wrap that finals, the third round and you're tired. You had a pre-lumps the day before, but then now you had the semi-s, where you got to run some athletes, have to run almost closer to their PR, and then maybe an hour later after that, you got to run the finals, which could change your life. So you got to run the fastest of your life in that finals. So it's really mind blowing. It's actually all about attrition. You know, I mean like when you get to that finals, it's about who's in shape enough, who's battle tested, who's ready for those battle tested? Exactly. Yeah. And then you hit your tough speed and then what do you think? Because you beat who's who's in bulk. Yeah. In that race when I beat, you say in his last in 2017, it was his last hundred meters, his last world championships. And I was working on something so different with my race strategy, but I was working on it in secret. Remember, I told you earlier how you have to evolve. Yeah. Because if you don't evolve, I know exactly what you're going to do when you go out there. Each elite runner, if they're smart enough, they know exactly what that other athletes attributes are with their bring to the table. So I guarantee you, you say and his coach says, oh, Justin Gallon's a great starter. So we'll capitalize on being a great finisher. So we'll be able to beat him at the end of the races. That's what counts the most. So then I got injured at the beginning of 2017. And I had a hit flexor issue. So I couldn't get that fast start that usually get. So then I worked on my top in speed. I worked on a secrecy with my coach. And so we didn't want no one to know because if you give them a look, meaning like if they can see you do something, like different than what you do, then now they can counter it. Now that can be his coach can be like watch off a gallon. He has the top in speed right now. But how is it? You mean at the time because how how is it going to make a difference if they know kind of your strategy? So it's not just get out there and run as fast as you can. It's not that at all, right? No, no. And so people are right. It was same so, but no, it's not that. It's much more methodical than someone else would understand. She doesn't run that. Yeah, it's so much that goes into it. It's methodical. It's very very science-based. Like we train and we in your coach clocks you for every 10 meters segment. So you know if your own war would be a pace. You know if you're running 9, 7, you know if you're running 9, 8. So it doesn't like, well I'm gonna get on here and when the gun goes off, I'm gonna see where I am. It's never like that. It's a fact of when you're ready in your own point, you know what you can do, but are you going to do it? That's the really what counts the most. Well, what's going to separate? You know, you mentioned being battle ready, being trained up, having got to a level of training where you're not thinking you are executing. So when it comes to the moment of are you willing to do it versus are you not going to do it? Is it a pain tolerance? Is it what is it? It's minor or matter. When you know that you're ready, that's what you mean? Yeah, I mean because there's a moment where you've done all this technical training. But is that technical training enough to become the most decorated runner ever? It's not. No. So there's something else there that has to kick in. You're you're want, but you're you're 42. You're want to do it. You know, I train with athletes who kicked my ass at practice. Beat me. They should be running 9, 8 and then we'll get into a race and they run 10 seconds because practice is a place where you can make mistakes and it's not costly and you have multiple times because you have reps to do things over and over again. Right? So it's an environment that you can control. But when you go out there onto the track, it's organized chaos. Well, that's what it seems to be organized chaos, but it's not. It's actually a system and it's a rhythm to it. It's still 1, 0, 0s and 1s, whatever you want to call it. Because I'm still racing against the same people. We're still running the same length. We're using the same same shape where you're using our day in year in year out. So everything is relative to each other. Don't you think everybody wants it? Everyone at the out level. You're the top. You want it? Everybody wants it. But there's athletes who are scared to go through the process of obtaining it. You know, I saw on your Twitter, you said everything you want is on the other side of your fear. Yes. So what does that mean? It's a fact that a lot of athletes doubt themselves when they get to that pinnacle. When they get to that point where their life could change by just giving a little more effort, they fear failure. But the crazy in the world is you're constantly failing because you fear it. You're constantly failing. So why don't you just omit that from your vocabulary in your mind and just say, I'm just going to go do it. Just do it. And that's what I did. I got to a point. I was like, I'm just going to do it. What can it? Where is it going to take me? I'm going to win or I'm going to lose. That's it. I mean, you can look at it. It's always one winner. It's seven losers. That's the hard truth of track of field and sprinting. And everything. Exactly. When you say, if you're not first your last. There you go, Ricky Bobby, baby. Yeah. But at that moment, you don't have to pull from a dark place or a dark. And I say that because you are racing, you are putting yourself in an extreme situation and nobody. I mean, how many people get to even be in that moment? I don't know. Nine people are here. Nine people are here. Yeah. You're putting yourself in a moment where you have to kick in that gear. Everybody is trained. Everybody is capable. You're hoping everyone at that point is a professional. They're dialed in. Yeah. What's the difference between the one that can push to to win the gold versus not? I mean, it's got to be more than a want. It's got to be. There has to be, I mean, maybe not, but in my mind, there has to be something like this is life or death. Or this is, yeah, you have to think that way. You have to think that is life or death. You have to. Because, and it comes down to that sometimes because what happens is, you know, in a regular season, if you don't run well at one race, you may not get, you may not get it invite to the next race. So that's death. Your season going to cut short. So it's life or death. I have to beat you guys. I have to slay you. Because I need to keep moving forward, progressing forward. And, and there's also a sense of entitlement. I work hard. I work very hard to get to where I'm at. And I think that you say, or any of the lead athletes feel the same way. But those old athletes who don't want to cross that threshold because they don't, they're not entitled. They feel like they're not entitled to that victory. They think that I'm just happy to be here. And I hope that everything works out the way I desire to work out. You can't help in those situations. You have to go and take it. And when I read, before I retired, someone said, well, who's the next sprint is going to come behind you? I said, I don't know, whoever takes it front me. Because in the sprinting world, that tour said is given to the next elite sprinter is taken. It's never given. It's never blessed to somebody. You have to earn it. If the take it, it took it from Maurice Green. And then it had to be taken for me. You know, so it's a sense of entitlement that comes with that hard work, that dedication, that discipline, that you're in that hunger, that you, I'm the fastest. You know, by out there, fast in a me. And if you are, let's line up and see if you can get it done. Intense, intense, amazing, amazing. Do you think that that translates over to life? It does. That's what one thing I loved about track and feel is life. It's life. There's sometimes people look and say, man, I want to be right up there where they're at. But there's a trajectory. You can watch where I started and how I got there. It's no secrecy. It's open. You know, I mean, hard work, dedication, same thing with any other athlete. You can watch how they got there. That's one thing I like about sports. It kind of parallels two life. You got to work for it. But the difference between those that become extraordinary and legacy runners like yourself is that ability to reach in and pull something out. Yeah. Well, you recognize that special moment that happened. Like I recognize in 2004 when I got into the blocks the last thing I said is, you would go, God, I'm hoping I'm ready for this. I worked hard for this. I trained for this moment. I'm going to give it my all. And if I'm not back to the drawing board, I got to work harder. So happen that one that race. But then I remember that moment throughout the rest of my career. Give it my all. When the gun goes off, give it my all. And that was my secret recipe. Giving it my all got me to everything I got my accolades, my celebrations, my gold medals, my awards, because I gave it my all. There's a lot of people out there feel like, wow, I'll have to give them all. Or some people even know what their all is. Probably most people. Probably most. They don't know what their all is. How do you think you know? How do you think you know if you're if you're scratching the surface of your all? Because it's I mean, I guess in running and sprinting, you're physically, you have to put it on the line. But there's a heart of someone know because it seems as if there's always something left in the tank, right? That's an at least sprinter. You always in your mind. You always say there's always something left in the tank. Even when you think that you're tapping that thing, what about our mutual out? We have a mutual best friend just getting started. Yeah. Just and you want the the Olympic just getting started. Yeah. Ben Newman shout out, brother. Shout out to Ben, man, for sure. Yes, get and start it. So when you are sprinting, you know that there's a place that that is your all. Can can you say that for sure, though? That I've reached my all that you've given it your all. I'd never like say in that until until every tire. Okay. And then even when I retired, I was like, I don't believe that. You know, to me, I tell myself, I don't believe that. It's true. Yeah, because I always feel like there's more. There's more left in the tank. The funny thing is in the irony of that situation, with Ben, him saying that when people were writing like amazing. Oh, man, I always write just getting started. And that's years ago, because it always reminded me, don't settle. What are you selling for? Because you did a great job. You got a couple of congratulations. What are you selling for? You know you got more left in the tank. Find it. Tap into that tank. Go see where it is. Because sometimes you're driven by physical. When you're 2015, I work so hard. I double my workload. I work so hard to reach a different level. And then that that was going to that that's what it was going to take. That's what it was going to take. In 2017, I up my mental game. How? By understanding strategy, like as an essence of like almost like mental warfare, having more clarity, looking at it from a bird's eye view, how I can be able to strategize better. One thing that athletes don't like to do, they become superstitious or they say, well, you know what? I don't want to do that. Maybe make my legs tired if I stand too long. Maybe so they're so in this box. And that's where athletes live. But then I realized, I was like, why am I putting myself in this box? I'm labeling myself in this box. I was like, I need to spread out mentally. It's start thinking about how to strategize better, how to be able to counter better. And I looked at it. I looked at track and feel at that point in time. It was almost like a war game. How am I going to strategize? This, what I do for like the last 17 years of my career was predictable now. I had to figure out how to pivot, how to be able to flank, how to be able to get around, surprise my enemies and be able to catch them off guard. Because if I tried to meet them head on, it wasn't working for me. So I had to figure out a whole new strategy. Thank you to thesis for sponsoring this episode of the show. thesis is the world's first customized nitropic company. I've mentioned this in the past. I only promote products that I use. These have been a game changer for me. Nitropics are nutrients found in nature or the human body. They enhance cognitive function. Who doesn't want more focus, more energy or a better mood? I don't know one person who doesn't want more of those things. Many companies take a one size fits all approach. What I love about thesis not only are their blends exceptional, but you can go to their website, which is take thesis.com. You'll take a quiz. They will bend, send you a starter kit with four different blend recommendations to try over the course of a month. This is personalized. thesis also offers, are you ready for this? Three consultations with a wellness coach to optimize your experience and dial in on your favorite formulas. These products have absolutely been life changing for me. These blends are blends you have never seen before. Go to takethesis.com slash doctor lion and you'll get 10% off your first box. Takethesis.com slash doctor lion. Take the quiz and you are on your way to more energy and more focus. All right. Do you want to know what I drink in the morning that is a little bit salty and gives me a huge pick me up? Well, I'm going to tell you. And that is element, chocolate element that's LMNT in my coffee. I brew a black cup of coffee with a shot of espresso and then I put a scoop of collagen and a little bit of MCT oil in it. And one fourth packet of element chocolate. Sometimes I use chocolate mince. I've also saved chocolate caramel. It's kind of this like chocolatey caramel. Amazing. So I get my caffeine. I get some collagen for of course hereskin and nails. And I get electrolytes in my coffee. Sodium, potassium, magnesium, all amazing. I have now created my own supercharged drink, which you can to and by the way, this is a different way to take element. That's a little packet of electrolytes. If you get headaches, maybe you get headaches with your caffeine, because you dehydrate yourself or maybe you get headaches, because you sweat a lot while training or maybe you just live in Texas where it's hot. And so you definitely sweat a lot. You definitely get headaches. And this is why I love to add electrolytes to what I'm drinking. And it can be coffee, it can be water. lately it's been coffee and it tastes amazing. You can get yours at drink element. That's drink lmnt.com. You'll get a free sample pack when you use the code a doctor line and by the way, if you don't like it, it's totally risk free. You'll get your money back. No questions asked. I love this stuff. You will too. Back to the show. I'm when you're thinking about the strategy. It's not just about the strategy. I mean, so again, I don't know, I'm not a sprinter or at least. I used to be, but not very fast now. You're thinking about all of the tactical type things. But in your mind, were you cultivating, not motivation, but were you cultivating mental durability, were you cultivating things that were above and beyond strategy? I mean, you probably had to be so dialed in and so on top of any kind of internal dialogue. You know, I'm just making assumptions here, but there's this humaneness, this human animal that has to be tamed. Absolutely. That's exactly what it was. It would be like a switch on and off almost or I would turn into the wash of transformation of a hole. That's exactly what it felt like. It was just like I transformed into like this animal, animalistic version of myself that understood sprinting and running mechanics, but I was so aggressive. I lived for the aggression of everything. I was about the fight. I love that. I love that. I love that. The fight. You know? Yes. Yes. And it got to a point where I had to realize that that individual J. Gatt was seeping into my real life away from the track. I was becoming more aggressive, more snappy at home. You know what mean? So I had to dial it back, dial it back, get it on me? So I'd learn how to tame it. But that is what you're talking about exactly what lived in me and I had to regular, I had to like name it. I had to give it a personality. I had to tell people like, don't be offended, special erase day. This is who I am. In some days when I can't practice, this is who I am. This is what gets the job done for me. How are you thinking about cultivating that? Were you reading? Yeah. Were you listening to speeches? How are you thinking about and taking action to facilitate that? Reading? What are you reading? Sun two. Yeah. The art of war. The art of war. I read that like three times. We have that. I'm married to warriors. It's not very, there's a lot of similarities. So I like when you said that. I never thought of myself as a sprint. I always thought of myself as a warrior. So that's how I looked at myself. And it would be times where I was like, I just didn't. If a Marine can stay in the bush for three days, would know with little water and no food, and still get his mission done, you damn sure you can get your mission done for nine seconds. That's how we look at it. Exactly how we look at it. And that's when we go out there and push harder. If that person can go out there and understand how to be able to get his job done through the toughest of times, I think that I can run on a rubberized track with Span. Nothing you put it that way. You know, I had to look at it like that because we as athletes, especially in the Olympic round, we make the moment bigger than us. Yes. When we are the moment. Right? And I'm like, why are we doing this? Yeah. So of course it's going to come every four years. We get it. But you earn that spot to line up. Like you are at part of this moment now. Don't glorify just the Olympic finals. Like glorify your presence of being at the Olympics and give it your all. Because there's so many times you come across that line. Like, I didn't give them all. That's a thought that's a lot of these athletes have. Like I could have ran faster. But why didn't you? Why didn't you tap that tank before they when the gun went off? That's not to be a hard internal conversation. Oh, a hundred percent. I had a race in 2015 where it was more physical nomenal. And that's when I had to like start making that shift. It was more physical than mental. Exactly. Because I'm looking at it. So I've got two pages here of your career highlights. But here's the thing. Here's what I try to condition for you. I said the bio though. It's my my team does a great job helping me. But what's not on here are the races that you lost. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And I have all of them right here. No, that's what I want to know. I want to know when you cross that finish line and you didn't win. What what happened? The most the most painful race that I had to have to run was 2015 World Championship Beijing. It was arguably probably the best season of my career when it came to effort running. I ran the most nine sevens by anybody. So that's nine. That's a hundred meters weight. So 2000 and 2015. Mm-hmm. So is that 200 meter or 100? You're trying to 100 meter. I ran both that year. Yeah. But I'll talk about the 100 meter. I ran nine point seven seconds. Five or six times in that season. Usually, an athlete, even someone like you saying they're going to run maybe one or twice. They're going to run maybe like at a one off me somewhere and then they're running at like at a finals. But I ran it five or six times within that season. My coach was like, bro, you have to slow down. Like you just because there's a rhythm. It felt good. Like when you understand the rhythm and your power output, you just you just riding that rhythm. It's a beat. Boom. Boom. Boom. And then when the gun goes off, I could just it just tap into that beat. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. And just go. But I slack on the mental part. So when I got to the finals before I even was able to get to the starting blocks. When I got to more barrier, people were coming up to me and like you're an amazing shape. You're going to win this race. Now, my new, you say it doesn't mean be in the world championship stage since he became a rival of you saying both. So people were beside themselves waiting for this moment to happen. It was almost like landing on the moon. So people are like, oh, you're going to win today. You're going to win. And I haven't felt that same feeling of being the winner. Like outright winner since like 2005. This is 2015. So it's like Irrius. So it's 10 years later. It was Irrius feeling, right? It sounds like man. This is crazy. And when you when you know that you're the winner, and you really not the fight for it, like your mindset is different. It's different. It's so different. And I went out there with the intent. The time I ran in the semi is the race before the finals. Would have won the finals. I got into that finals. I was running stripper stripper with you saying. And the finish line couldn't come any faster. I started stumbling to the finish line and trying to finish before him. I thought it was going to blow his doors off, right? And he's a competitor just like I'm a competitor. He rose to the occasion. We were striped and striped for striped. And just like that, he ran 979, our end 9.80. So 79 to 80. Quicker than this, right? So a hunch is over second. And I remember coming across that finish line. And then he went into his iconic pose. And he looked back at me. And the look on his face was like, bro, this was yours to win. Oh man. And I remember I had to go through that whole, I could feel like a bad dream. I had to go to that whole gauntlet of media, headed to the post race press conference. And I'm sitting here just like I'm sitting here with you just like, yeah, you know, he just won on the day and everything. But you knew that wasn't true. I know what I beat myself. And no, no, do what he looked at me is like you beat yourself. How can we even talk about it? In the press conference, I wasn't ready because I was ready to cry. I was I was I was so emotional. But I tell my guy back into that car and I was going to take me back to my hotel. I wasn't a phone my mom and I just balled me crying. How many hours and weeks and years of training went into the, I mean, you could say it was the whole career. But for that race, how much time went into training for that? Oh, man. So you're looking at almost like nine months of training? I mean, mostly every day, mostly every day. How are you training? We only went out sometimes Sundays off. So we've trained Saturdays all the whole weekdays hours, right? This is hours nine to five, like a real work job. Just for that one. Nine months for that. Nine, a second moment. I even a moment. Seconds. Just for a little second. And you beat yourself. I beat myself. I would say he didn't even beat you. Yeah. Yeah. How do you recover from that? I know I'm better than that. How long did you take you to get to that place? Um, the season, not 16, but 17. So 16. So I took a year mentally. It did. So recover from that moment. It took a whole new world championship because world championships every two years, right? So 16 was Olympics. And I still competed very well, right? Even with injury I had everything like that. Is that your hip injury? I actually fractured my ankle. I stepped in the hole while jogging and are you like I cannot believe this right now? Right exactly exactly. And I never broken anything before then. So I was at Omaha Fitzbroat. It has to be broke. What was this? And the fall. Number 16. 2015 November of 2015. Could we do our fall training into the new season, into the new year? Calendar year. So I was a bonehead. I didn't go get checked by a doctor. Like all my patients. Yeah. Okay. And my coach was a taskmaster. He was like, if it ain't broken, don't fix it. And I don't fix it. Now mind you, my foot blew up to like the size of like a softball, right? My ankle. So what happened to it was it was fractured. It wasn't into it. I think I had a hairline fracture, but like tindance were obviously like real jacked up because I was literally running on one foot, which caused compensation, which made my reflex hurt. I see. Two years later. Yeah. So the racer you lost was 2015. 15. World championships. Then you're injured yourself. And it took you a year to mentally recover. You needed to win that world championship in 2017. Do you think I think the injury kind of offset my mindset to get back because after that race, I was like, all right, I got the blueprint. I know how to run nine, sevens consistently. I just need to get my mind right. And so I tried to training the fall training like a mad man, right? So I started going on my jogs and things like that, stepped in a whole set me back. So 2017. What would you tell the people listening? You know, you do a lot of good work for the world. I think that you are very servant oriented. What would you tell people that have a setback? Because the setbacks are ugly. I mean, they are. They are ugly internally. There's a lot of information for me. A lot of people talk about motivation and all this stuff out in this space. But you know, a failure that's caused by yourself is different than trying something, giving your best and failing. Yeah. The internal failures. That's tough. Get it. What advice would you give? Someone who is listening to this that has failed. And maybe it's because they've gotten in their own way. Maybe it's because they didn't feel worthy of the opportunity or worthy of the metal or worthy of whatever. What would you tell them? If they're in the right mindset that think they are, they know that that failure doesn't define who they are. It's not you. Every great story that we've known has had a setback. Has had the hero of the story had some kind of failure. And he risen from that or she's risen from that to be to show that she's better than what that setback was. And they've gone on to do better things. And we always love to emulate these stories. So for people who are listening in those situations, this oblueprint writer from the view. That setback doesn't define you. It's testing you. That's what's happening right now. You're being tested. It's your bounce back going to be stronger than that failure. It should be because you wouldn't be putting the situation unless you are ready for it. And you're now ready for it. So bounce back, get your mind right, everything that you need in place and show the world that you're ready. And show yourself that you're ready for a comeback. I love that. Do you put things in a structure for yourself? So you read a lot. You read a son to the art of war. Did you have other strategies where maybe you meditated, maybe you prayed a lot, were there certain strategies that you put into place to get your mind back to where it needed to be? I meditate it with the help of my dad. He's definitely into that. And you're still very close with your parents. Oh yeah. Yeah. And are they where do they live by the inflore? Very floore. Okay. Yeah. I just would take myself into situations to make my stronger from make me stronger from my situation. So like, I would think of myself being in prison. I would not allow myself when I go to meet. I would not allow myself to come out the room only to eat. And while I'm in my room, I'm doing my pushups and my setups constantly. Make myself stronger. Make myself hungry. So I always will have a mindset to take myself somewhere and to put myself in a position at other people with get strong from. And from watching movies and documentaries where, you know, it kind of tells those athletes or whoever those individuals are in that storyline, how did they become strong? Because they had their discipline for it. I could easily just come into my hotel room and look around like, oh, this amazing. Look at this sweet and just lay across the bed and get on social media and just just say, I'm here from my race where I go out and hang out and go sightseeing things like that. I wasn't, I wasn't built for that champions. I'm doing that. Nah, nah. Not distracted by the luxury. Yeah. I tell, I tell young athletes all the time. I was like, if you're going to, if you're going to drink, how are you going to drink? Are you going to drink your sorrows away? Or are you going to drink from celebrating your victories? How are you just talking to drink it off? If you don't drink it off? How are you staying down in the drink at all? Just and like, exactly what I was hoping for. But, you know, I think I'm curious as to what your thoughts are, you know, many athletes face that backs throughout their career. Some come back, some don't. Do you think there is a defining character trait that allows someone to push through versus not? Yes. That was the fast answer. That was the fast yes. What is it? That's because I've been a sport long enough. I should have been using a sprinters lifespan is two cycles, which is like eight years. That's what I thought I thought it was eight years. Two Olympics, we've been eight years. I watched athletes come and go. I watched athletes fall and they couldn't recover because they love whatever the media or other people around them, what they thought of them, they love that to define them. And using them situations, you don't even think about what the finds you until you are putting that kind of situation. Tell me more. I know I'm fast, I know I'm strong. I know that I'm built to go out there. I'm God, give a talent. So anything that I've been to in my life didn't define who I was. That's not me. And I think it gave me such a great opportunity to show the world. That's not me. All that stuff that you feel that's written about me or the haters and things like that, nasty articles. That's not who I am. But I'm going to show you who I am. I'm going to come back and do the sport. I'm going to run hard. I'm going to say focus. I'm sadality. And I'm a constantly win. And when you turn that TV on, you're going to keep on seeing me. And that's what made me who I am. And naturally came to me. Now you have mentors and coaches along the way, because you know you're a young person and traumatic situations are just that is traumatic, right? It hurts you for the moment. But how you deal with it is how you really are going to evolve. So I had coaches tell me, hey, you know that's not you. But we're going to get you where you need to get to. So realize that those people out there who really believe in who I was and can see me from a different perspective gave me that power to say, okay, cool. All right, I know I know this they see who I am. I know who I am. That's confirmation for me. Let's get it done. So would you say that having the right people in your corner is critical? Absolutely. And mitigating external negative input, not even I was listening to one of your interviews where you said, you didn't even know when these negative things were being said about you, you had no idea. I know I do. I know I do. I didn't read about it. I didn't watch any videos or articles. I just was tuned in what I had to do. And you think that's what separates those that can overcome a setback versus those that don't. Absolutely. And that's the ability to tune out any other noise. Yeah. Do you think that focusing on a competitor or competition is relevant in that way versus because I know there's a tactical aspect of running of you need to know what your competition is doing. So you know to outmaneuver them. And isn't it really just about how you are doing? Or no, it's really who you are in relationship to your competitors. It's about what you're doing. You know, you'd be obsessed with the process. Now obviously, part of the process is going to understand your competitors, but you're not obsessed with your competitors. Okay. You find a lot of athletes from other sports, not just in track of field, who become obsessed with certain competitors. And it's done to their growth because they're so worried about that other competitors success. That they they're already just giving themselves to silver metal. Because you have so much, I only was a hate, but you have so much like attention given to that person who's not even focusing on you. You know, you give yourself the silver metal. I've seen it happen so many times. Yeah. So you have to really focus on becoming the best version of yourself. No, what competition is out there, but truly dialing into your own potential. Yeah. It probably allowed you to get creative with your comebacks and your training didn't it? Yeah. Because you weren't so focused on what the standard of the other athlete was doing. I felt like Rocky. I would train. I mean, and that's one thing I love about my coach is like, each year, it was never the same kind of preparation. It always would change in some kind of variation. It would keep the core of what we have to do, but it would change in different variations. One time we're doing hills and other time we're doing sleds, it's a fact of we're progressing, getting stronger, getting smarter, getting faster, and we're learning together as well. And you have, so then 2017, you, that was when you beat U.S. involved, right? Did you ever talk to him after that? I did. So I beat him in 13 in a one-off in Rome, and after the press conference, it was already shocking to the world. But once again, I studied my opponents. So a week before a song from your go race, you say, and this is the first race I really had with him. It's something exciting about this race. So excited. And you were excited, not afraid. You were excited. I was so excited. I was studying his races because his training partner beat him at the Olympic trials, right? And I watched his, I watched his training partners race strategy. How did he beat him? I broke it down. And I will watch it all the way till the day before it's time to go to race you say. And then I would, I implemented it. You're like, hey, dude, seeing lots of footage of you. Exactly. I implemented that same strategy, and I beat him in 2013. I believe a ball. And then when we went to the press conference, and mind you, you get that. How do you get that footage just from being on TV? Just being on TV. YouTube, just watching over and over again. And I hope your watch history is private. Right. So he handled himself through the whole press conference and said, hey, just wasn't my day. You know, when out there, I was like, blah, but I remember us walking away from the press conference, I was behind him. And he was talking to his agent. And I can hear him. He says, that was embarrassing. He'll never happen again. And from that moment on from 2013 on, he never raised me in a warm-off race anywhere. The only time I ever raised him was at the World Championships finals or the Olympic finals. But in 2017, it was a little bit different, right? Because obviously he was aware that I was a see. Do you know how old he was? 30. And how old were you? I was 37. 37. Yeah. So it was, it was different. But any note, I used everything around me. Like I said, in that moment, I'll strategize. I was more, I was, had more clarity. You've sam was worried about the young guy who was coming in named Christian Coleman, who was fast. I beat Christian Coleman in. You weren't worried about him. You were just focused on who's saying. Well, I realized that when you saying came over and talked to me, he made comments about Christian. Like who is this young guy? So then I let me know that you focus on him instead of focus on us. So then I'm going to use that to my advantage. And while he focused on him running stripper trial with Christian, I just slipped in on this side and just won the race from over here. So and I laid out my whole strategy, my top-end speed. I wasn't worried about being a starter at 50 meters. I was in fifth place. From 50 on to 100, I searched the first place. Unbelievable. Let's talk about protein, specifically first forms natural way protein, formula one. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use, what kind of protein powder I recommend, formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders, different flavors. A natural one, you pick it. It mixes amazing. It makes it extremely easy to get your protein in. And really, there it's a way protein isolate. So you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shake. Taste great, super easy to travel with, great breakfast, dinner, maybe even lunch. Whatever you need, it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary. We'll help improve body composition, muscle mass, all the things that protein does. And by the way, when do you need protein? Well, you need it every day. And that's why I love first forms, protein powder, their formula one, go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's firstform.com slash doctor lion. Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I have a solution for you. And that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker, my friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on. ApoB. It never stops. And by the way, if you are a professional annual client inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized health care and listen, blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off, 10% off. Anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off go to inside tracker.com like inside tracking your body, use the code doctor lion. And do not wait if you are due for your blood work, give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. Then after that, what happened? I mean, you now, in what part? I mean, you beat them. Yeah. You won. Yeah. Were you on to the next? Oh, so was there a moment where you're like, okay, I'm going to go to McDonald's now. You know, this is not for me. I'm going to take up that I don't know under water basket. Were you know what? It was his last race. It was his last World Championships. It was his last 100 meters. He was ever going to run. He retired after that race. He came over to me in the warm berry afterwards. And we traded jerseys because he wanted to trade jerseys. And he signed it to me. And I guess signed one for him. Could you know, throughout our competition in our career, we wasn't like chummy. You know, I mean, like we recognized each other, we respected each other. I see each other that events. We talked and liked that. But it never was to the point where it was like, were buddies? You know what I mean? I mean, he's your competition. He's my competition. And he's my competition. Exactly. Too much talking. Give you too much. And he knows that. And I knew that. Right? You guys are a professional. We're professionals. So after that for him doing that gesture was like, for me, it was amazing because it took me away back to that point when I saw him break the work at that bar. And all I want to do was line up next to him and race and missy out how good I could be next to him. And it took me all the back to that point. It was pretty cool. Yeah. It was almost like a full circle moment. It was a full circle moment for me. After that, what happened? Did you, I mean, continue to race decide? Yeah. We're, I went into 18 was off season. It was like a, it was not a non-champuship year and that season. And then 2019, we had a 12-year-old 2019 new one, a gold silver. So you did the outdoor championships 2019 new one, gold metal, silver metal and then silver metal. And we were really slack and I just kind of like couch potato. And he was a crazy thing though. In 2019 in Doha, which was in October, I got, I had COVID. I ran with COVID like every symptom possible. Like I had a hundred and one fever. And at that point in time, we didn't know what COVID was. Remember COVID came right now. It's like January or something like that the next year. So when I looked back all the symptoms when they had it, I was like, whoa, I remember because I thought I had upper respiratory infection. And I remember having a fever 101 and I was getting ready for the relay in 2019. And I told myself, my body told me, I said, if you don't get up now to go to the track, you don't get up. You're not getting up. So I left, I left a whole hour earlier than all my teammates. And I went to the track. And I laid on side of the warm-up track in fetal position for my book bag as a pillow. And so they came and then I got up, I warmed up as best I could and then I gave it all I had and I ran the relay. We're COVID. Not knowing that I got COVID. And then 2019, 2020 came. But after that, were you thinking, I mean, did you have a plan to continue or were you thinking, like, as a retirement? Yeah. People were like, are you going to retire now? You just won 2017, you should retire. I mean, you'd now been running for a long time. So I thought about it. The normal span is what eight years of running. Yeah, I thought about it. But it was fun. But then my age was like, you just won. Like, enjoy the spoils that come away. Allow people to come up to you and celebrate you. You know? So I did. From 2018, 2019, and then COVID really hit in 2020. So which was so hard because it was like, we didn't know what was going to happen. Like the world didn't know what was going to happen. So we were like, they shut down all parks, they shut down all like tracks, jams, everything. We found ourselves in a market, said my coach was a task master. So we didn't know what was going to happen. He's always that kind of person like, they can, they can lift this whole thing tomorrow. So we got to be ready. So we were training. Wow. So you were prepared to to run even through, I mean, you were ready. Yeah. So we were, we were running on patches of grass around retention ponds. Like that was the crazy part. You know what I mean? Yes. But I also feel like at the stage, I was at winning a 17 and joined it from 18 and 19 and 20 happened and it just was like, if anything made me feel like depressed, it was that like not able to do what I know I could do. I couldn't go outside, couldn't run, couldn't have fun, couldn't enjoy my teammates. It was at town where we were in mass, we were trying to run. How you do that? I don't know. You know what I mean? We had to run like six feet away from each other. How do you do that? I don't know. You know what I mean? So it just made track not fun for me anymore. You know? So then 20, 20, 21 and one came around and that was my last year. I was like, I'm going to end on only a big year and made it all the way to the finals of Olympic trials and pull my hamstring than the semies and try to make it to the podium. But I could. But to be fair, you'd already be one a whole bunch of medals. So, you know, I, I mean, I mean, I mean, I didn't, I didn't. Were you already thinking about what you were going to do after that? I mean, because after running, yeah, I mean, you've spent your entire adult life training to be a competitor. I didn't know. I had no idea what I was going to do after that. Not a clue. Because every day I focused on being the runner, being the warrior, going for the going in there to fight. So now the fight was done. War was over. I won. What do I do now? So I had to like take time to like find myself. And that was extremely hard for me because for 20 years of my life, my whole adult life up to that point was was given to going out there and finding badling, sprinting. What else could I bring to the table? But that was all, I mean, to be as good as you are, obsession isn't even the right word. I mean, it is am I right? It's in your, it was bad. It's not even well. Do I think about running today? Yeah. Right? And then it was fully, I mean, to be the best in the world. That's a whole other level. It was in the way I thought about running. You can't, you can't take that into into normal society. You're making really good points. Like you are making really, I think that that's probably why you have so much respect for the operators. I do. You, I mean, you can't take war into real life. It's just there's some people are built differently. I would emulate them. Like seriously, I would, I would have a go bag by my door. Yeah. But my spikes, everything in it just in case I need to go to a meter, some like that, just because I could. You know what I mean? It put me in that mine frame. Yeah. So once I finished my retired, I didn't know where to go. I didn't know what was for me. You know what I mean? Like how can I use these same tools into, in transition into something else? Did the moment you decide you're going to retire? Did you feel like maybe a little bit of depression sitting? Oh yeah. That didn't. Oh yeah, 100% I think it was more or less confusion. You know, my wife would be like, I wouldn't know what to do. So I just wouldn't like I sat at home was like lazy or anything like that. I always was busy. Like I would just get in the car and just go because I always was gone. I always was working, moving, going, going, going. And I realized, what am I going to? What am I going for now? So I had to like kind of rewire myself to start thinking differently. What you do? I mean, that's a hard transition, whether it's military or again, athletics. We, you know, you hear that from. And I fell players, other Olympians. But again, I do think that you were in a very unique spot having been as decorated as you are. I mean, that's how did you? How did you, did you lean back on the things that had gotten you through the challenges before it felt familiar? Because there's that limbo state that's uncomfortable and actually essentially the first time you've been in that. It felt similar what felt different is that I knew the story was complete. That story was complete. So it had a sense of like, it did. It felt good. You know what I mean? But now what are you doing next, though? Like that's why I was like, are what am I doing next? I don't know. So that's what it was. That's really special. Yeah. You know, throughout the training, you're very young when you started and again, probably eating a lot of junk. But probably as you advance throughout your career, mention all your super fit, were there certain things that you did certain nutrition, strategies, certain refueling, were there very, I don't know, supplements? What was kind of the progression for you? The progression I really stuck out from me was when I came back into the sport, I was overweight. What? Yeah. And now are we talking about just in the idea of overweight or were you actually overweight? A little bit of both. Okay. Right. So let's just say in 2004, I competed, I was at the start line of Olympic finals at 183 pounds. So you're 100 in 2004, this one you came back. Yeah, 83 pounds. I was like 21 years old at that time. What do you normally race on? So I would hover around there. That's what I'll hover around. By the time I came back into this is say 2012, right? That's when I really started acknowledging that I had to do something about this weight. I was 10, 10 pounds. Oh my gosh. Yeah. What percent body fat were you? I don't know. Maybe 15 or something like that. That is high for a sprinter. Very high. Very high. They had a nickname for me at some other camps that I trained at before I got to my coach in 2012. They called me fatland. Because fatland. Because, you know, if I'm wearing street clothes, I look good. You know what I mean? I still was muscular. I just was bigger. I was beefier, bulkier. But once I went out there and ran, you could tell it was taxing on my body. I was a T-quicker. It was bad. You know what I mean? I remember my coach telling me we got a drop weight. I was like, well, how much we got a drop? He said, well, how much did you weigh when you were in the big gold? I'll say 183 pounds. He said, that's what we need to get to. I'll say a coach. I'm like 20, 27 years old now. He's like, we can get there. So we're just eating bad. What? What? What's not bad? Absolutely. But I was enabling myself eating bad. I'll give you perfect exam. I will call him at 11 o'clock at night and say a coach. I'm hungry. He's like, why are you not asleep? I don't know. But this apple pie is here and has apples. So it has to be good, right? He's like, don't eat the apple pie and go to sleep. Those are the things I would do. I would trick myself thinking, I can do this. I can eat this. I has antioxidants. Don't eat it. You know what you're saying. There's a huge dichotomy. We thought you're saying because you, I mean, you have a champion mind. No, no matter how you want to slice it and open intended. My mom jokes are good. Like the apple pie, slicing everything. You had a champion mindset. Uh-huh. And you had already won the goal of 108 through pounds. You knew you had to be fit. And then you were probably obsessed with winning. Oh, what? But you were still willing to eat that apple pie. So from the four years away from the sport, what happens is, because you have to, so this is after the band and it's after the band. So that exactly, that probably took a huge emotional toll. Oh, a huge emotional toll for one. People often eat emotion. Oh, that's me all day. So what happens is, and taking consideration that from college through my first half of my professional career, from to 2006, you're training every day. You're burning high levels of calories, right? So now in 2004, it all stops. So as a young athlete, I was just eating whatever I want to eat because I was already burning all those calories at a high rate. But then when my four years, in that four years, I was still eating whatever I wanted to eat, but I wasn't burning those calories the same way I was burning those calories. So then now the weight started coming and creeping up on me. So then now I had to figure out how to get it off me. So then I changed my whole perspective of diet and I turned it into a lifestyle. Tell me, what'd you do? I got this book that was called diet for your blood type. Oh, sure. Yeah. Peter, a demon. I think something like that. Yeah. So then I started kind of reading and researching more about what would be better for me. And I started just eating better, like intake and better proteins, smaller amounts of carbs, regulating how I eat throughout the day, intermittent fasting, early in the mornings, and then eating a nice sized lunch, drinking more water than snacks between meals. Dinner would be proteins again in smaller carbs. So I wanted to sleep on them, eating at a reasonable hour before it's time for bed. You know, those kind of things did the traditional things. And then on top of that, me starting to work out again, man, it made such a difference in my life. I think to be honest, me changing the way I ate my habits and turning into a lifestyle, that is what gave my career so long, Jebady. That's cool. Yeah. That's cool. And then do you still have those dietary habits? So before I ask you that, did you have to count your macros? Did you need, did you know how many carbohydrates you needed for refueling? Was it that scientific? Or was the science really in the cadence and the start and all the other things? Versus, the individuals say, okay, well, you eat so that you feel fueled or was that very defined as well? It all evolved. So it started off, me and I even know what macros were to the point of later on, my career as I became an older athlete, more season-athlete, understanding the macros. Sorry, Steve. I'm like sure. Exactly. Go on with sure. And from that point on, like, I felt better. I felt stronger. I fatigue less. Like, I felt better when I had a healthier lifestyle than I even did when I was a younger athlete at 21 years old. Was there anything in particular that you think? Was there something like that you do now? That you know, this is what you do. I'm maybe not. That you have your breakfast of X-y and Z and you put in some magic berry powder and this is the thing that you know. Is anything like that? So I always have dehydrated like vegetables, right? Ground up, super green, basically. And I would take that in the morning. I would intimate fast in the morning, even through my workouts, I may have a protein shake or something like that. And this is when you were sprinting. This is when I was sprinting. And this is what I do now too, because it's just my body just used to it. You know, like, of course I can get up in the morning. Like, like, a pancake is a one of them. But I don't know, be hard to sprint on pancake. I know, right? It would be very hard to sprint on pancakes. Like I said, I'm remembered, it's all going to show. You got to get out there on that track and you got to wear a Spandex suit. So everyone's going to see if you're in shape or not. So I had to make sure aesthetically I looked the part, but I also felt the part. And that's what was important to me. Because if you look good, you feel good. If you feel good, you're going to do good, right? That's right. So you pretty much moved to a whole food, more whole foods diet. Would you say that the carbohydrates were lower for you? Where were they when you were training? Again, as a more mature athlete, you probably have to be more attentive to what you were eating. Carbs are like an addiction for me. I'm really even now. Yeah, if I have a piece of bread or pizza or... It's all downhill. Yeah, I want more. Even if I start eating sweets, I have another and I have another and I have another. It does something to my brain. It just switches on that I want more and more and more and more of it. So if I stay away from it or if I kind of substitute it for something else, it helps me kind of regulate my body. That's interesting. And I think that there's evidence to support that in terms of balancing your macronutrients. I mean, do balance it with protein, do balance it with fat, or you just know not to eat carbs by yourself otherwise, or carbs by themselves and by yourself. So more proteins. But now I'm trying to figure out, maybe you can help me with that. Be a pleasure. I'm trying to figure out, do I want to go pest-cutarian, do I want to go vegan? Do I want to try something differently or not going vegan? Okay, cool. We're not doing that. And now I'm going vegan. So now for you, friends. But what we will do, you know what? We will do is I'm going to connect you with the head, our head nutritionist, Julie Mitchell, and we'll put together a nutrition plan for you. That's also. And we would love to do that for you. And what we could do is we'll get your baseline blood work and then you got some and then we'll put you on a nutrition plan and follow it up. I would love to do that for you. Okay. So all longevity. I do think, again, adding in a balanced whole food diet will be great. But for your muscle mass and what I think that you want to accomplish and who knows, you might be competing again. I know, right? We want to maintain healthy skeletal muscle for you. Let's go. Did you supplement? I know there are certain supplements that were approved. I think Crete was in Crete and is being approved. There are certain supplements that you loved or was it very much the simpler the better? Yeah, I liked the protein shakes. But at that point, I'm not going to do it in maybe way proteins back then. Yeah. I liked the pre workout. Same. Same. I used pre workout powders to the stage. Do you have a favorite? I use a handful. Yes, what is called? No, I mean, I use a different. I've been using. So I use first form makes a great pre workout. First, was it a first form? First form? Yep. I've heard them. I also use a hundred and ten percent. Okay. Amazing iced tea. It's like, it tastes like I'll give you some. It's amazing. Ice tea flavor. Those are the two that I've been cycling through right now. Pre pre workout. So I use a brand called Nutrified. I've never heard of them. Yeah, they're a small group company. They're growing. They have some international arm links too. What I love about is that they help you go in there and kind of formulate what you want to your own workout. That's cool. So that's what I love about it. I was like, because you know, sometimes it could be some workouts in the cake. It's a little too jittery and then sometimes it could work out to definitely make me jittery. But you know, I like that. We can't get to the right time, right? Because you get to work out. Like, I'm going to time this. So my kids are going to school now and just, you know, scoop it in by the same way. Yeah. Yeah. They're amazing. That's cool. So they allow you to formulate it. So if you like beta alanine or whatever it is. Yes, exactly. So I have some that are that's cool. Stimulates and non-stimulates in them. And then I can go out there and do the workout. If I want to get to workout at night, I could do a non-stimulate and still workout at night. Sometimes I get in when I can't get in when I can. That's admirable. Because it's tough. It's tough to train on night. It is. You know, when I was competing, I was doing pushups and situps to put myself to bed. Because my mind was thinking so much. So I would just get a hundred pushups, two hundred situps and I'd be like, all right, I'm good. Light out. Go to sleep. So is that what helped you call me your mind? Yeah. Yeah. Tax my body. What call my mind? Isn't that interesting? People will try all these different things. And you know, that's why I asked you about meditation meditation is great. But at the end of the day, if you are physically pushing yourself, you cannot do anything else. You can't be thinking, I mean, at some point you were so exhausted. That you're good. Yeah. That's it. That's exactly I'm done. Yeah. So any other supplements, the way protein shake, you just kept it simple, no, fish oil, anything like that. Fish oil? Yep. Still taking fish oil now that is day. Good. Um, I would go on this site called metabolics, right? And they're all like natural ingredients pressed into these pills, but the pills were like so big. You know what I mean? Like, you got to take a time in these. The children has their yeah. Yeah. So it's been times where I did show. Like how do you get a pattern on my bag all? But it, um, you know, trying to stay natural as possible in them situations because when you deal with like a water or a side of it, so tough. So what Justin is talking about is these professional organizations for athletes, but it's so and I have some professional athletes in my, in my practice and even to put them on progesterone, which is, you know, you show a low progesterone and a woman or even low testosterone. It's nearly impossible to get that in those. It is. And there's stigmas of if they're on it, even though they need it. Exactly. It's very difficult. Very hard. And then sometimes you got a request for a TUE and then within a TUE, they can deny it and then you still can't use it. And TUE is a, it's a form that says I would like to use this, this, this, this, this, this reason. Yes. Um, it's, it's scary because there's even certain over-the-counted medications that you can't use because they can mask other drugs. So like, let's say like, night quill, like, which is something you can just get right now. Yeah. You can't use that. It's like a hard hit. Right? So it's really careful. That'd be really, really, really careful. Clareton D, really careful. It's not unbelievable. That is. And I think it's because it's scary because they give no recommendations. That's it. They just tell you what you can. Right. So that when you're stuck and you don't know what to use, you know, um, I, I really like your Twitter. Anyone who's listening, you guys should check out your Twitter. You use your platform to really speak up for people. And when I say people, I saw on Twitter that you had posted about how Olympians should be paid. Yeah. And I just want to mention that because while there's probably only a handful of Olympians, I think it, it brings a point up that's really important. And the point is, from my perspective, taking young individuals, and I want to say exploiting them. We love the Olympics, but there's a lot of money that comes in and when individuals are young, they don't necessarily know. Yeah. I'd love for you to challenge about that. Well, let's take it back a little bit further. So the Olympics came around and they kind of like coexisted with AAU, amateur, you know, athletics. So they all took that same ideology back then, which was, you know, racing compete for the glory, because you can't get paid. Right. So the legacy will live on. Now we're in an era where that doesn't really exist anymore. You know, like, yeah, you're going to, you're going to get the prestige of winning a gold medal, but these kids got to pay their bills. They got to pay dock, they got to pay not to dock to their coaches or agents. They got to do all these things. And they're not making a dime from the Olympic Games. The Olympic organizations make a lot of money. They make a lot of money. And yeah. Yeah. So so on top of that, now they announced that, you know, track and feels one of the first sports. Olympic sports is going to get paid, right? Now, mind you, track and feels probably more the most successful glamorous Olympic sports. You have so many other sports. Totally. And they want to pay them $50,000 for a gold medal. In my mind, I'm thinking, all the hard work, the blood, sweating tears, these young athletes put in sacrifice of a sacrifice. Exactly. If they don't have a decent sponsorship that's backing them and they make this team. And they want to go metal. They can't even afford a home. They said, you know what, they can't even afford a home, a car. You know, what is that going to do for them? You at least had to put in a way to that moment in time that they worked so hard for. It should help change their life. And it's trajectory where I can say, okay, here you are. You won the Olympic gold. You sacrificed so much for this moment in time. We're going to celebrate by giving you a lot of money that would help. Get you a car. Help, get you a home. Help. But should it make a quality life? But why shouldn't individuals be paid if they're training for the Olympics or going to that? Why? I understand what the tradition is. Is they're training for the glory, but couldn't it be a paid position? It should be a paid position. So they like meaningful. So what happens is, says you can track and feel the Olympic organization and relies on, let's say Nike's, the Adidas, the rebarks, the Brooks, the Hukas, all them, all the companies that are shoe companies to contract these athletes. So happens is, but then they're contract, let's say you're with Nike. Nike will pay you in a lot of money if you go out and win the Olympic gold medal. So that's what the Olympics is banking on. That you already have a contract that's going to get you this far. So why do we have to pay you? But I feel like such a, such a sham. Yeah. These athletes sacrifice so much. They've taken away from their families, their own kids. They put their body to the test for this moment to happen and they can show nothing for it. And I mean, look, they can't even take the Olympic gold medal and go take it somewhere and swap it out for money. The percentage of gold is even in the Olympic medal now. It's so small in my new. Now refund is exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Before back in a day, that's what I thought was gold. They back in a day was gold. But now they have taken it down so far that it doesn't, it's the money you get for that gold medal is because of the prestige of that gold medal. That's really it. That's it. But it's worth it, isn't it? It's so worth it. It's so worth it. It is. Spoken like a true competitor. It is. What's next for you? Like you said, just I think I want to activate my humanitarian side more. Inspiring athletes, I've been doing a podcast, podcast called Ready Set Go that kind of caters towards the track of field world to get my voice out there. Tell the stories of young athletes also. And doing speaking engagements as you know, which you are phenomenal. I appreciate that. You are a phenomenal at natural. I asked him so he was, I've seen Justin speak before and also you're a really good storyteller. Thank you. And I asked you if you had been trained. And you were professionally trained, but you are extraordinary. Thank you. You know, we are having a summit or forever strong. Some I would love to have you speak there. It's going to be here in Houston. Yeah, Ben will be there. Let's do it. Yeah. I love to have it. Okay. Love to have you there. So you're speaking. What else is, what else is on the horizon for Justin Gallon? Get an acclimated to the city of Houston. Happy to have you. Working on some investments. Cool. So yeah, and just living life right now. Those things. I'm really just really trying to focus on and not trying to become a jack-a-all trace, but a king, you know, I'm saying in certain realms that I'm working on right now. Do you think it's easy to get dialed in when you pick something? Yes. Yeah, it does. I just have to pick the right thing. Yeah. Well, listen, do you believe that there's, um, that you get a sense of where the direction is that you should be going? Yes. Like if it should be writing, if it should be speaking, do you feel drawn to any of those things? Yes. Working with people like you and Ben, you give me clarity to understand the environment that I could potentially be really good in. You know, um, that helps me always. That's exactly how Tracon Field was for me. When someone laid out Tracon Field and said, this is Tracon Field, X, Y, and Z, I can look at and say, okay, cool. So if I do this, this will make me successful. Yes, do that. If I do this, this and this, it'll maybe unsuccessful. Yes. So now I know what my threshold is. Now I know what my borders are. Now I can be able to work with in that realm. And then I will give my all to it. That's how that's how I operate. And it's extraordinary. It's extraordinary. I'm really excited to see what's to come for you and all the things that you're doing, um, with the speaking and also you're very active on Instagram and I think the podcast is really great. Like you, even though I'm not necessarily in Tracon Field, but you guys have a very good dynamic and there's a lot of good just information and insight. I try to, I try to help it to relate to an audience who's not really into the Tracon Field space too. So we did just this new episode with a guy named Matthew Hutchinsmith, who's from a great Britain. And he was a child phenom, right? He ran very fast 44 seconds. This is amazingly fast for any 400 meter runner. But he did it at the age of like 18 years old, right? Young. And as any young athlete who doesn't have a mentor or people around him, like, he crashed and burned, right? Because he had so much success and he thought he was untouchable. And then he got to a point where he thought about taking his life. Like he really tried to take his life. You know, he said, if I had a gun around, I'd probably be with a bit of my choice, but I took pills. And the moment he did that, he actually said, it wasn't because I didn't like who I was or I was sad. He'd said, because I was lonely. And when you win, you're lonely at the top. And when you're losing, you're lonely at the bottom. So he said, he, all the people around him, family, girlfriend, he said, none of them got understand what he was going through. He made him feel alone. And then when he had everything that was ripped away from him, shoe sponsors, ships, deals, his coach that he was with. Now he has control of his destiny. And now he's back on pace. He just won the silver metal at the last world championships. Now he's gunning for the gold. So like stories like that can transcend track and field. Yeah. Those are stories that teach you about how to be able to stay committed and diligent in life and help you become strong. And that's what I try to put out there for these young athletes. Like, because our sports such an individual sport and we don't talk about certain things in our sport and we kind of like make it taboo about how much this person's getting paid or how much, you know, how many races this person's going for. You know, I mean, if those stories were put out there more, these athletes would learn that you're not alone. There's so many other people that go into the same thing you're going through. Good or bad. You're not alone. I love that. Justin Galen, thank you so much for being in the guest on the show. You are a phenomenal human and I cannot wait for the world to get more of you. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me.