There's a heavy discussion on the menstrual cycle. Over the course of the menstrual cycle, we have two things going on in two different organs. We have what's happening in the ovaries, nuts the ovarian cycle, and then we have what's happening in the uterus, and that's the uterine cycle. I have never read about it, but I don't even think that there's many people studying. There really isn't data to suggest that diet can cure PCOS. There is no cure for PCOS right now. What is the myth that you hear? You shouldn't eat fruit if you have PCOS, because it makes your insulin resistance worse. The data actually shows the exact opposite. There are challenges with fertility now. It seems now more than other on both sides. In those women with regular menstrual cycles in obesity, the majority of those ovulations met the criteria for real face defects. And that can certainly affect fertility. In our research, we consider sort of a normal window age at Menarky, which is a girls' very first period, to be between 10 and 15 years. When Menarky occurs earlier, that's associated with a whole host of long-term health outcomes. Like obesity, type of diabetes, and a metrial cancer, can you get pregnant while on your period? I've seen ovulation during men's season. Now let me explain what that means. You are a reproductive physiologist, and you are the only person that has studied the ovary intransation from being reproductively robust to menopause. The transition to menopause, yes. Under the supervision of Dr. Angela Barrelwald, but yeah, I was the one doing the work. Pretty incredible. Exactly why I wanted you on, because you have a unique perspective. And I'm gonna open with a banger of a question. Sure. Can you get pregnant while on your period? Inquiring minds want to know. Yes, okay, great. The short answer is I don't know, but the long answer is I've seen ovulation during men's season. Now let me explain what that means. So during my master's degree, while I was characterizing how the ovaries worked during the transition to menopause, that's involved, you know, ringing women in every other day, or Monday Wednesday, Friday, I think was that protocol for six to eight weeks. I mean, we're filming her 45 to 55 years old. One participant in particular, one thing that we found, I can go into this later if you'd like, is that we started to observe, and specifically in this transition to menopause, follicles in the ovary growing it unexpected and unusual times. And right around the time of ovulation, there was follicles that were growing at this unexpected time, seemed to respond as well to the ovulation, not by ovulating themselves, but by continuing to grow and producing a lot of estrogen. So there's one particular participant, she had an follicle that responded to this LH surgeon continue to grow and produce estrogen, and then while she was menstruating, sort of the end of her luteal phase when she was menstruating, that follicle didn't regress it ovulated. And we saw a subsequent rice and progesterone, so we had ultrasoundographic and endocrine confirmation of ovulation, which was surprising to us. And you know, we've seen anecdotally in other publications, looking at other life stages, like adolescence, sort of eight typical timing of reproductive hormones. So I think what we saw in the transgender menopause could also happen at other life stages, it just hasn't sort of been characterized in that same way. What's compelling to me, and as someone who has been consuming information, and I think a lot of our viewers and listeners, there's a heavy discussion on the menstrual cycle, that prior to this podcast, I had never heard of a uterine cycle. I had never thought of an ovarian cycle, and it made me think that there are probably different phases which we know of the menstrual cycle, which I'd love for you to touch on, but what about these other cycles? When I teach the menstrual cycle to my students, I use mencees to mencees, so the start of one menstrual event, mencees to the other is one menstrual cycle. Over the course of the menstrual cycle, we have two things going on in two different organs. We have what's happening in the ovaries, and that's the ovarian cycle, and then we have what's happening in the uterus, and that's the uterine cycle, which I can tick go through then. Yeah, I would love it. Our producer doesn't know much about it, which he would love to, but seriously for the guys listening, the more educated they are on this, the better they can support their partner and for a woman, you're gonna go through it. It reminds me of no. Absolutely. I'll start with the uterus, because that's sort of the easier you went to, who's played, and then I'll move to the ovaries, because that's in my mind of really exciting one. At the start of mencees, it's that shedding of what's called an endometrial lining. So in our in a woman's uterus, we have three different layers. The innermost layer is that endometrial lining, and that's what builds up and sheds monthly, in a sort of textbook menstrual cycle. So the uterine cycle sort of starts with that shedding of that endometrial lining, and then one sets shed, then that endometrial lining starts to proliferate, which means it starts to thicken, and that's happening because of estrogen coming from the ovaries, Estrodale specifically. While Estrodale is being produced from a dominant follicle, so talk about in a second, that's causing that endometrial lining to develop and develop and develop. And then, when an ovulation occurs, which, you know, for talking about a textbook cycle, is mid-cycle, then that developed endometrial lining starts to sort of fill in with secretions, and that's called the secretary phase, and that's under the influence of progesterone, which is also a hormone that comes from your ovaries, from a very special structure called the corpus lutium. In the lutial phase, that endometrial lining is, you know, producing a lot of secretions, getting ready for implantation of implantation were to occur, because in humans, the structure that makes progesterone, it has a self-destruct button. So after about seven to 10 days, you know, if there is no signal from the uterus that implantation is occurred, a fullization is occurred, then that endometrial lining sheds. So you have, you know, the shedding, the proliferative phase, and the secretary phase, that's the uterus cycle. Then we go to the ovaries, and so this is really interesting, and I think it's really cool, because it's not in textbooks, at least to my knowledge yet. I have never read about it, but I don't even think that there's many people that study it. There aren't. There's probably why. Four, five. About that, yeah. It's a very small field, but it's an important contribution. So Dr. Angela Beerwald, their Angie, she did this for her PhD research, where she wanted to study how ovarian function worked across the menstrual cycle and healthy, regularly cycling women. To do this type of work, you have to bring your participants in every single day for this particular study for, you know, four to six weeks, and what she found, and so what we do in this case is you scan the ovaries and we capture these video clips through the ovaries, and that allows us to look at, you know, the follicles and the ovaries. So before I go on you further, I just want to do a little bit of background of what follicles are. So in our ovaries, you know, we have our eggs, and those eggs don't just exist by themselves. Every single egg is surrounded by its own little capsule, or structure called a follicle, and they're most premordial form. It's just a single layer of cells, but as follicles start to develop, they fill in with fluid, and that fluid filled part of the follicle is called an antrum, and that's what we can see on ultrasound. So if you or your viewers were to Google an ovary on ultrasound right now, they would see these pictures of these ovaries with these black circles, and each of those black circles is a single follicle, and each and every one of those follicles is an egg. So what we can do is when we scan these ovaries seriously every day or every other day, we take the time to track the growth of every single one of those follicles that we can see, we can learn a lot about how the ovaries are working. And so this is what Angie did, and so what she found, and I'll summarize this, is starting at around men'sies, so they started them of men'sies. There's a group of follicles that all start to grow with the same time, and that's because they're being recruited to grow by a hormone from our petuitary, called FSH, your follicle stingulating hormone. We're very creative people. Get that stuff. Follicles denulating hormone. Got it, check. So this group of follicles starts to grow, and so this is a wave of recruited follicles that are growing, from that wave of follicles, one gets selected for preferential growth. And that physiological transition is a very important one, for a few reasons. Once that follicle is about eight to 10 millimeters in diameter, which is, it's large in the world of an ovary, it starts to produce estrogen. Remember, estrogen is what stimulating that endometrial lining in that proliferative phase. It's producing estrogen, which suppresses FSH, and another really important feature that happens in that selected follicle, is it switches from being dependent on FSH, to being dependent on a different hormone entirely, called LH. And so that means that that follicle can produce estrogen, suppress FSH, which prevents all of those other follicles from that wave from continuing to grow, so they all regress, and they undergo a treaty. And you have the ones who are fault that selected for growth, and it gets bigger and bigger and bigger, and we watch it get bigger and bigger, until it gets ready to ovulate, what's almost the size of the entire ovary. It's a big follicle on an ultrasound. Once that follicle reaches a certain diameter, morphologically, it's also producing a lot of estrodiol or estrogen. That's what's triggering ovulation, and ovulation is an LH surge. So that's the endocrine event that triggers ovulation, I should say, is an LH surge. And so, ovulation occurs that egg is, extruded from the ovary into the pertinous cavity, we take an up into the philopean tubes, and that now empty follicle, it sort of transforms itself into, that structure called the corpus lodyom or the seal, and that's Latin for yellow body. And that's because, when the seal forms, tremendous amount of lipid accumulates in that seal, and it's needed to make progesterone, because progesterone is what's going to develop that endometrial lining, and progesterone, potently suppresses those hormones when the pituitary, the FSH and the LH, to prevent any other follicles from growing supposedly. What was really novel about this work is that around the time of ovulation, there was also another sort of rise in the FSH, again, that allowed another group of follicles to start to grow. So another wave of follicles grew in the lodyo phase, and that was particularly novel. And in some of those cases, one of those follicles would develop to be large enough to produce ester dial, but it would never go on to ovulate, and of course, as I alluded to later with the transition to menopause, this sort of structure for the follicle waves, developing over the course of the menstrual cycle, that starts to break down a little bit. But that's what's happening. If you listen every week and feel like we are in this together, which I believe that we are learning, growing, and building strength, then I created a way for us to get connected even more closely. It's called forever strong insider. A premium community for listeners who want to go deeper. You'll get ad free episodes, which I know you'll love. Bonus Q&A is where your questions shape the conversation. Behind the scene, moments because what's face at off-larious, from idealy life, and written takeaways, too, keep aggregating. But more than that, you'll be supporting the show so that we keep creating content that matters. If you've ever wanted it to feel part of the inner circle, this is your invitation. Join us at foreverstrong.supercast.com or through the link in the show notes. Is there a reason why one egg or one follow-go gets selected over another one? That's a great question. So I think you're asking why, why this one follow-go gets selected. And there's, from my knowledge, just two real theories, and I don't know that in humans, we've been able to really pin down mechanistically what's happening. One thought is that particular follicle is just bigger than every other follicle. And so a really unique feature about follicles is they have very different endocrine profiles. As they get bigger, as they sort of get larger in size, the hormones that they're producing changes. The receptors that are on those follicles, those granulosis cells, those changes well. And so one thought is that the follicle that gets selected for preferential growth for ovulation might be a little bigger than the other follicles. Or intrinsically, there's something and within that follicle that allows it to express those LH receptors a little bit sooner than the other follicles. Because that's really what's key, right? To prevent those follicles, to prevent a trigia, that follicle has to switch, it's growth source to be from a phase H to LH, to be able to continue to grow. You know, it's really compelling, I did not know, that the lipid accumulation was related to progesterone, release. This steroid hormone. And you'd love it. Does nutrition play a role in that? Because we're talking about very specifically to the ovary. Yeah. I genuinely couldn't tell you whether or not a particular diet would improve or affect specifically ludial function. I really couldn't tell you that. Those data may exist in rodent models or another type of model can owe my model, a sheet model. But I don't know the degree to which they exist in humans. What I can say is that there are metabolic states that are associated with impaired ludial function. An example would be, for instance, the disease of obesity or under nutrition. So functional hypothalamicaminorrhea. We know that there's impaired ludial function in those cases. Whether or not it has to do with the ability of that CL to accumulate lipid, I don't know. And then the outcome of a pregnancy, it seems as if it would be dependent on multiple factors. The ability to produce enough estrogen, the ability to produce enough progesterone. And in the landscape of how we're talking about in cycles, it seems as if these cycles are a standard 28 day cycle. Right, right. Yeah. That's probably unlikely. It's not as common as we think it is. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me about the variation. Talk to me about the variation between these menstrual cycles and then these ovarian cycles and also within the same woman. One thing that I teach my students and we have evidence of this in adolescents and obesity in regularly cycling women or in conditions of high-factual hypothermic amenorrhea is that just because you're menstruating every 28 to 35 days does not mean that your ovaries are doing what they, what you think they might be doing. Okay. So it's sort of disentangling this notion of regular men's from regular ovulation. Doing these types of studies where your character is in follicle waves that we understand that. And exactly we can sort of see where things are going wrong, if you will. One example I can give you is I'll start with adolescents. So my lab, we studied these early post-minarical years were really interested in what it looks like when the reproductive axis is sort of turning on after puberty. Our reproductive axis is not like a light switch, right? It's not just like, you know, we achieve menarkey and we have regular ovulatory menstrual cycles. That is absolutely not what happened. But you would believe that if you read a textbook or watch a monorwent to TikTok. Maybe I guess I would not. I can change that. You're about to change that. What we know now is it takes a few years to establish regular menstrual cycles if you were sort of on that trajectory towards regular menstrual cycles. But then it takes approximately five years for the majority of those cycles to be ovulatory. I know from work that I've done, I collaborate with a number of investigators to ask some of the questions that we ask. I know from our own data as well as published data from other labs that an adolescent in these early post-minarical years can have 28 days between men'sies, but nothing is happening in the ovaries, right? And so it's, and that's endocrine data. We don't have a very in-data to corroborate this, but looking at sort of the changes in those hormones that we would expect to see. So that sort of one example where you can have an adolescent to experience as regular menstrual cycles, but she may not be ovulating, which is probably part of normal development, right? And so I don't say that to worry someone, it's more or less, this is just part of the reproductive access turning on, right, after a very, very long period of, of, cuisines or childhood. In the context of obesity, you know, one study that we did, well, I was a PhD student in the Luzian lab at the Cornell, as we sort of characterized follicle waves in a series of of women with different metabolites, we characterized in the context of PCOS, and that was Dr. Brittany Gerrard's dissertation work, and then we characterized follicle dynamics in the context of obesity, but regular menstrual cycles. And that was, Dr. Alexis Oulfield's PhD research. In the context of obesity, what we found is that there were differences in follicle waves that were growing, that were unique to obesity and regular menstrual cycles. And something that Alexis found, that was quite surprising, but really informative, is that the majority of those ovulations in those women with regular menstrual cycles in obesity met the criteria for lullial phase defects, right? So that means that there was sort of impaired or lower progesterone, and that can certainly affect fertility. There are challenges with fertility now. It seems now more than ever on both sides. There are challenges with sperm quality, and there are challenges with women and pregnancy. We see it every day in our clinic. You said something that I had never heard about these waves. If I'm understanding correctly, it's one wave would be considered that there's this group of follicles, one becomes the dominant follicle, that dominant follicle grows and can be released or sometimes or should ideally be released, but it might not. And is that correct? And then on the back end, there's also additional follicles. And is that what is defined as these waves? To help me put it into context? Yeah, sure. Great, great question and great point of clarification. These waves, if you think about them as a group of follicles, all starting to grow at the same time. And that's what a wave is. You can visually, if you think of a wave in the ocean, you know, sort of what we see is these groups of follicles getting bigger and bigger and bigger. In women, you know, what Angie found is that they have women with regular medical cycles, you know, healthy. They have two waves. One of these waves is the ovulatory wave. So from that wave, one follicle is selected in that goes on to ovulate. And then there's this sort of second wave that occurs during the luteal phase, which is the second half of that ovarian cycle after ovulation. She also found that some women exhibit three waves of follicle development. So in this case, you'd have a wave that starts to develop around men'sies. And then it doesn't, it's not the ovulatory wave. It regresses. And then you have another wave that develops. And that's the one that goes on to ovulate. What would be the benefit of understanding this from a, say, a clinical aspect? I'm sure that this is being done or not short done in fertility clinics? Yeah, that's a great question. So something that, I think, Angie is pursuing her as try to pursue is whether or not we can sort of leverage these, target these follicle waves for assisted reproductive therapy. Right? So I personally don't do any research in this space, but my understanding of ovarian stimulation cycles is just of stimulating follicles to grow. And this is a very controlled part of a assisted reproductive therapy because you have to make sure that you don't over-stimulate because that can cause ovarian hyperslimulation syndrome. That's very dangerous. So one therapeutic implication of follicle waves is perhaps over the course of the menstrual cycle rather than having sort of one time, and at the beginning of a menstrual period, where we think we can recruit, or we can target follicles for assisted reproductive therapy, maybe you can, should target them again in this luteal phase wave. So it's thinking about leveraging this knowledge of waves to optimize assisted reproductive therapy. That's one implication of what example of how it can be important. Thanks to one of the sponsors of the show, bond charge van. If you're a mom out there and you've been carrying the whole team, I got a different form of therapy for you, and that is red light therapy. And listen, good light impacts sleep hormones mood and even your ability to recover and focus. bond charge has created science back tools to help me live in better alignment with my circadian biology. Artificial light is overloading us. They have blue light blocking glasses that are staple in our house. They have red light, they have red light light bulbs. They also have infrared, p-m-f-m-s to help chill my body, relax my muscles, and support full body recovery. If you've never tried red light therapy, this is the time to do it. They have some of the best devices that I've ever seen great for skin, might a con drill health and overall resilience. If you care about your skin, if you care about your sleep, if you care about your body and want to try something new, check out bondcharge.com slash doctor lion, use the code doctor lion to get 15% off your entire order. Simple, proven, designed, do support your biology. What would you love to see? Personally, is there something with the work that you're doing? Because again, there's probably four people that are even looking at ovarian physiology, reproductive ovarian physiology in this way. First and foremost, basic understanding of women's reproductive health. How do we not have that yet? Right. And this is something that I've shared with my students and that I'm transparent about. I am honored that I get to be a part of this group of scientists who study follicle development. But my goodness, this should have been done like 30 years ago. And it's cool that I get to discover things as a scientist. And I hope that I can continue to support this field with my team and my lab. But I think just the basic understanding of filling in our gaps about how human physiology works is really important. I think it's also helpful for helpful to give women answers and give parents and teenagers answers to why they might be experiencing symptoms across their menstrual cycle. It's knowledge is power. And the more we know about the ovaries and what's going right and what's going wrong and what that looks like, I think the more empowering and hopefully reassuring it can be. I would love to see this continue to be leveraged is transitioning in our understanding of follicle development and understanding when we see disruptions and the coordination of ovary and follicle growth, this manifests in the ovary. And we don't what Dr. Marlilusians work has really spearheaded in her lab and I worked on this while I was a grad student with her is we can see looking at the ovary in one cross section, we can see these distinct patterns of follicle assembly within the ovary and follicle populations. And this can tell us, it is as insight, is to what might be happening longitudinally. So we can look at the ovary as a biomarker of underlying reproductive dysfunction and then some ovary as a biomarker for underlying dysfunction or positive and good health. Right, yes. And the ovary is used diagnostically and prognostically in a number of cases. The diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome or PCUS, physicians look to the ovaries when they are assessing for risk of ovary and hypersdimulation. We look at the ovary and follicle count as a marker of a virion reserve. So an indicator of potentially premature ovary and failure, which would be menopause before the age of, I think it's before the age of 40 or around 40, that sounds right. I don't know the exact age and I do apologize, but it's early menopause. And it's premature depletion of the ovary and reserve. And we can see that. We can see sort of the depletion of the antro follicles. You know, we can't see those earlier follicle stages. We can't see those primary or secondary follicles. Notice the ones that don't have the fluid in them. But the ovary and the number of follicles in our ovaries do give us an indication of a virion reserve. What's also a more sort of novel aspect of the ovary as a biomarker is whether or not the ovary can also give us insight into metabolic health. That's something that, you know, the illusion lab is in a lot of work in it. I've been so grateful to contribute to that research. And we published a review article on this topic a few years ago where we sort of summarized our hypothesis about how the ovary, the features of the ovary morphology, the features of the ovary and ultrasound, present in distinct ways all the way from extreme undernutrition through a healthy BMI to overweight or obesity and PCOS. And so we hypothesize that because the ovaries integrating these reproductive signals coming from the brain and integrating these metabolic signals coming from our body and our nutrients status, that it, that, you know, leads to these very specific and unique features that we can see on ultrasound. What would it look like if someone if we were to break this down into categories? Yeah. What would someone who is undernourished? What would their ovary and morphology look like? If you start from the most extreme, and this is worth that was done a long time ago and in cases of extreme undernutrition, so in literature this would be severe anorexia and nervosa. What we see are small amorphous ovaries. So the ovaries are small. They don't have any follicles. You can't see any follicles and what that represents is very powerful suppression of the reproductive access. So something to remember about, you know, our reproductive access is, it's a luxury, physiologically, you know, we need our brains to survive. We need our hearts to survive. We need our lungs to survive, but we don't necessarily need to ovulate to survive. And so, and the act of ovulation is energetically expensive. The act of, you know, pregnancy is expe, is energetically expensive. And so what that means is if the body senses energy deficiency, it shuts it down. Right? And our reproductive access is very sensitive to undernutrition. Are the ovaries more so sensitive to undernutrition versus, I don't know, say, the uterus or another organism or another sex organism? That's a great question. So what I would say is the ovaries are producing those hormones that are stimulating that lining in the uterus to develop. So the uterus is really following what the ovaries are doing. If the ovaries are not getting the signals from, have a film as the batuotary to support follicle growth, those who are not going to make estrogen are not going to make progesterone. And that's not going to develop the endometrial lining. And so it's, you know, common in, for instance, competitive athletes or athletes in general, that they'll experience irregular menstrual cycles. And, you know, one of the reasons is this potent suppression of the reproductive access. And we know that, and this ends up called functional hypotheromic amenorrhea, particularly with both female athletes or females who sort of have this undernutrition phenotype, they have lower estrogen concentrations. And, you know, I think you've had a guest that spoke about the importance of estrogen on bone health and bone accrual. So you have low estrogen use of have increased presence of those cells that chew away at bone. And that affects, you know, bone health as well. So small is the right word atropic or zetic stream for the ovary. If someone was anorexic or going through hypotheromic amenorrhea, right, of physician does an ultrasound on his ovaries. And these ovaries are small and shrunken amorphous. Is what we would do this. And, you know, what's interesting, though, is that, and this is an extreme case. When you have functional hypothermic amenorrhea, it's not quite a severe as an amorphous ovary. You still have some, you know, repatriate access function. What we actually see in, and Dr. Judith Adams characterized this is what's called multi-philicular ovaries. And so this is a case where if you look on ultrasound, these ovaries are not necessarily enlarged, but they do have elevated follicle populations. There's more follicles than what we would expect in, sort of a regular, regularly cycling individual with a healthy BMI. And so what's unique about the follicles and these sort of multi-philicular ovaries is that they're a little bit bigger than, for instance, a PCOS ovary. So there's a four to 10 millimeters in diameter. And when you scan them, on ultrasound, you know, it kind of looks like soap bubbles. You know, if you're washing your dishes and you have like soap bubbles, and they're sort of all, you know, touching each other, and you scan through it, it's just like soap bubbles, just soap bubbles. So they look large and a multi-philicular. And that would be sort of the classic image of an ovary and someone with functional hyp Islamic immunary. What are the other categories? Right. So if we move along the nutrition spectrum, we sort of push ourselves then into overweight obesity with regular menstrual cycles. And this is very briefly, it is a case of repatriate access suppression. So what we see in what Alexis saw is that in the case of obesity with regular menstrual cycles, we see a suppressive effect on the reproductive access. So, you know, we can see smaller follicles and fewer follicles. We don't really see a very enlargement. We see luteal phase defects. When we start moving into irregular menstrual cycles, if you sort of move up into, you know, over nutrition, if you will, with, you know, overweight obesity and then irregular menstrual cycles, before we get to PCOS when we're sort of in that normal androgen area, we don't necessarily see ovarian enlargement yet, but we do start to see increases in follicle population. There's a smaller follicle, so two to five millimeters. And then sort of the most severe ovarian phenotype would be these sort of classic polycystic ovaries or PC, polycystic ovary morphology, which is part of PCOS. And these ovaries, a really important thing happens at that level, as what we think is happening is there's sort of this metabolic tipping point, where, you know, with PCOS, we see this interdependence between hyperinsulinemia, so elevated insulin, which is a consequence of insulin resistance, and then, hydrogen excess. And there's a sort of positive feedbacks or vicious circle between these two. And what happens is, in the ovaries, we start to see ovarian enlargement, and our ovaries have insulin receptors in them, and a lot of people know that. But when you have elevated antigens, that is in large part, because those small follicles in the ovaries are making a lot of antigens, which is normal under physiological conditions, when you have too many follicles, too many small follicles, you sort of make too many antigens simply put. And then you add insulin, and that sort of exacerbates the situation, right? Insulin is thought of as a co-gnated trope, and so it sort of works in tandem with the hormones coming from the pituitary to promote follicle growth in ovarian adrogen production. And so in a PCO ovary, we would tend to see larger ovaries, we would tend to see smaller follicles, and what's common in a PCO ovary, or should it say common, but I would say a classic ovarian phenotype, will be that string of pearls around the edges. For every physician or medical student, we all passed our boards now. That will be the only ovarian, that will literally be the only ovarian question you will get. Is that the string of pearls? Yes. And it's not a common phenotype in PCOS, which is, you know, I personally have not seen that classic string of pearls, as often as I thought it would, having been in the field of PCOS now for a decade. Oh, sorry, it's time to report an ad to the show. Thank you to one of the sponsors of the show, timeline and listen, my kids still sleep with me. And after 470 nighttime snack requests, bathroom breaks, my husband snoring, myself, they're like a, yo-jee, we're tapped out. Enter might appear. Timeline nutrition is one of the most thoroughly research products. I have come across an over a decade. Look, to carry it in my purse, they have peer reviewed published science, and this is where it's really interesting. So, for those of you who are following the muscle center lifestyle, when you increase bio-energetics, you improve muscle function and how. In adults, 40 plus, timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance and no change in activity. So, whether you've been active, resistance training your whole life, or you're just getting started, or you're not getting a lot of sleep, and you've got a million requests, your muscles and your mitochondria need help. And they have just launched their most sugar vegan non-GMO gluten-free gummies, which by the way, I am eating by the handbooks which I shouldn't, but they taste delicious. Timeline is offering our community 20% off your first order. Go to timeline nutrition.com slash doctor-lion, and use the code, doctor-line, to get 20% off. I recommend trying their starter pack with all three different formats. And of course, their gummies, which are incredible. How fast, if we were to, and really what you've done so nicely, as you've described this, continue, are there any more? And it will, well, they're also as the menopause transition. There is, yeah, yeah. Do you want to, I mean, I know that you touched on that, but the ovarian transition, you are the only person in the world that has studied this. I think that it deserves another. Wow, sure. Explanation. And you're very generous, and I really want to emphasize, you know, I was the one who did the ovarian tracking, you know, a lot of collaborators of ours from Australia, did some really important formative endocrine work. This is very fair, and I will say all the best scientists are humble. And yes, we all stand on the shoulders of giants, which you have. In addition, you have spent 10 years. Your time, your energy, your focus, when you are not in the pain cave, furthering this work. And I do think that that is fair to highlight you, and thank you, you're doing. You're very kind. I'm not that kind, just ask anyone on my team. Sure. So to the ovaries, the transition to menopause. So what was really interesting about the transition to menopause is that, and I'll call them rogue follicles. So in someone, underwent the transition to menopause, this isn't happened in all of our participants, but in a subset, what we saw is a follicle start to grow around selection. When the follicles shouldn't be growing. This is when estrodial is supposed to be suppressing FSH. There should be no follicles growing. But one little follicle, sometimes two, starts to grow, starts to grow, starts to grow. And at around the LH surge, these follicles on average were around 9 to 10 millimeters in diameter, which is when they actually do start to express those LH receptors. And what we saw in these cases, they called them eight typical ludial phase dominant follicles, where they also seemed to respond to the LH surge, and then most of them would just take off and grow. And they would produce, or it was associated, they should say, with two or threefold higher estrodial concentrations, then what we would expect. And so this was initially the endocrine side of this was characterized by a group in Australia in women undergoing a transition to menopause. And they wanted to know what's going on. And so that's really the reason the ovaries. And so it's just these rogue follicles that are starting to grow. And they are sufficiently large enough, where they can start responding to an ovulation cue destined for a different follicle. Is it the body's last-ditch effort to get pregnant? Is it for the body's way to make up for the loss of estrogen? Is it overcompensating why is this happening? Great question. What we think is happening isn't actually a compensation strategy. It's just a failure to regulate self-regulate. So there's this other player that I haven't mentioned. It's called anti-melarian hormone or AMH. And AMH is also a break in the ovaries. The ovaries, they produce, since there's a lot of hormones that serve to put the break on the pituitary in the hypothalamus. So what we think is actually happening is that the local break in the ovary to tell follicles to stop growing, wait, wait, wait, wait is declining because that break is produced by those that ovarian reserve. So the fewer follicles you have in the ovaries, the less of that break you have. And what that means is that follicles might become be able to respond to much lower concentrations of FSH. Then what you would expect 10, 15, 20 years earlier. You mentioned 10, 15, 20 years earlier. Is there a way that someone could go to their physician's office or maybe not now, but in the future? Take a look at the ovary, look at how the follicles are aligned during that time and potentially predict menopause, predict the transition? If memory serves correct, when we looked at these women who were with the features of these participants who had these sort of atypical follicles growing, I think the only difference was the difference in the number of follicles and I'm sorry for the life of me, I can't remember which way it's split. But there was no obvious difference if memory serves correct between these participants who had these follicle waves, these typical rogue follicles versus not. You're asking me though, if I were to go to the doctor today, so I'm hopefully a few years out from the transition to menopause. So if I were to go to the doctor today and I were to say, look at my ovary, you can you tell me is it like 50, is it 52, is it 54? How much time do I have? Is it four years before you become symptomatic or menopause? Yeah, we're going to get these changes in an FSA-derellage. Whatever it is, because our women, because the science is so behind where I think we all agree it should be, what opportunity do we have with modern technology? What is the potential? I think to be able to answer those questions you'd need to do longitude and the nice thing though is a lot of clinics and physicians they scan ovaries as part of standard of care for a variety of reasons. And so I'm not a physician myself, so I really can't speak to that, but we could have an opportunity where we look at follicle populations and women of different ages and we see whether or not it's sort of predictive of time to menopause or time to the transgender menopause. In general, we know that the fewer follicles you have in your ovaries the closer you are to menopause and of course this breaks down though in context of like PCOS, right? Because that's sort of characterized by elevated follicle populations. But I think we would need to really do those studies. And you know, from my understanding about the age of menopause, it's strongly genetically determined regardless. So, yes, I kind of fight that one. It's if you are a woman, God willing, and you live long enough, you will go through menopause. When it comes to the ovaries, is there an age where I would say on a population population based that we see these ovaries change? And from becoming quote, healthy to more unhealthy is there a unhealthy phenotype or is it kind of just an age thing? That's an interesting question. I don't think I would say that the ovarian phenotype or ovarian morphology changing over time would be an indication of unhealthy. I think it's we're just learning about it now for over the past 10 years, right? I would say is what we know about your ovaries. It's, you know, your indication of where your ovaries are at. You know, one thing that that we lack in general is really good robust normative data of ovarian morphology across the lifespan. I don't think I can say healthy versus unhealthy. We've characterized follicle morph, or ovarian morphology enough in conditions of, you know, like obesity or PCOS or under nutrition, where we can say like yes, this would this ovarian phenotype is an indication of an underlying condition. And, you know, the illusion lab's so Dr. Melalusion has done studies in her lab with with grad students that I've been a part of where we induce, you know, ovarian loss diet to see what does that phenotype improve. And so in that context, I think we can use the ovarian indication of health status. With the menstrual cycle, we talked about others a specific length of time. Again, this 28-day cycle with the ovaries and, you know, perhaps we look at the menstrual cycle and then the ovarian cycle, what does it mean if someone is safer example having delayed ovulation? Is there a long-term health outcome or impact? So when you say delayed ovulation, are you saying in the context of your 28 days, or are you thinking like, ovarian with irregular menstrual cycles? Well, now I think that that's a great question. The idea is most women should have a regular cycle. Those cycles may not be 28 days. It also seems as if the hormones are not as straightforward, the LHFSH. It just seems that there is a lot of inter-individual variability. There is, yes. I would love to touch on that because we're all taught this one way. And because we're all taught this one way, I think people become very frustrated if they're not able to go pregnant or if they're moody at weird times because we're talking about it as if it is a standardized experience for all women. And I think it's not helped by certain apps that exist that tell women what they should be feeling. Oh, you should be at this phase of your cycle. You can expect this. You can expect that. And it's again benchmarking against this of textbook case. We know that there is tremendous amounts of inter-individual variability in terms of the menstrual cycle and the ovarian cycle. I think you're asking whether or not that's associated with health outcomes and from what I would say is to some extent, yes, right? So if someone has a 28-day cycle and they ovulate on day 21, what that probably means is that that that ovulation will produce an insufficient seal and that will lead to lutial phase in sufficiency. So a short lutial phase is an indication of lutial phase in sufficiency. It's one of those diagnostic features of lutial phase in sufficiency. So I think it can indicate potential pathology. I think pathology might be a two-striple word though. But that said, it also could just be an off-cycle, right? And so just because you have one disrupted cycle, maybe it was attributed to stress, right? Maybe I'm a professor. I give final exams. I remember it was like to take final exams. Those are stressful events that can lead to transient disruptions. I have a daughter and I'm not looking forward to her growing up because she's so cute. But eventually, she is going to get her first period. I would love to learn about the time at which that should happen and if she goes through it early, does that come with it other long-term health effects and how can we frame it up? In our research, we consider sort of a normal window age at Menarky, which is a girls very first period to be between 10 and 15 years, right? And I know different countries or have different cut-offs and thresholds. In general, we see at the population level the age at Menarky starting to get a little bit earlier. I think where we actually see this even more is the start of puberty, which is the first breast development, sort of the initial sort of of day-larky. And that is happening earlier and there's good data to support that. But back to Menarky, we do think that Menarky is starting to occur earlier and earlier in part, over time nutritional status has contributed to that. We know that reproductive maturation, puberty is all very closely tied to nutrient adequacy and metabolic efficiency, right? So when Menarky occurs earlier, we have good data to suggest that's associated with a whole host of long-term health outcomes like obesity, type 2 diabetes, and a metrial cancer, and a metrial cancer. Other reproductive cancers, the list is alluding me, but it's a long one. So serious. And serious. Yeah. To be clear, that's any age before 10. Well, that's what, so it's different how it's defined study to study. And it was interesting a lot of these studies are what they do is they look at like earlier versus later. And so, you know, what that means can be very different from study to study. So I really don't want to put like a specific age. That's fair enough. Just, you know, we're talking about the degree of inter-individual variability regardless, right? So earlier timing of first menarky is and has been associated with a whole host of cardiovascular metabolic and reproductive diseases later in life. Interestingly enough, though, not PCOS, right? So PCOS is not associated with earlier age at Menarky. What's also really interesting, and we're just starting to learn this now and this could reflect a change in our environment affecting reproductive maturation. So I had mentioned earlier, you know, when we achieve menarky, in some disciplines thought of as the end of reproductive development, you know, you are now a bully functioning, reproductively mature adult. But that is absolutely not the case, right? The lights kind of like flicker for a long time. There was a study that was done by a group out of Harvard where they looked at Apple, the Apple app data. So after talking about the apps beat as it may, you know, what one thing that came out of that study is a huge sample size. What they found, though, is that on average, in participants or respondents, people who were entering data in their Apple apps, health apps, were recording that it was taking longer to achieve regular menstrual cycles, and it was maybe in the 70s or in the 80s. And so what that's telling us is that these years after Menarky, when the reproductive accesses are calibrating ideally towards regular ovulatory menstrual cycles, this is taking longer. And may not be happening on a, I don't want to say normal, but on a sort of healthier or typical trajectory. And that's the work that my group does is to try and understand what a normal trajectory looks like and what a sort of a typical, or a divergence from normal development looks like. But I thought that that was really really surprising data because it suggests that, you know, adolescent development right now, maybe very important. I would love to dig a little bit deeper there. The adolescent development, you're, we're talking about sexual reproduction. You mentioned a statement about the environment. Are we talking about the caloric environment or are we talking about something else that is affecting early menarchy? Timing of early menarchy has been associated with a lot of aspects of our diet. Both earlier and later menarchy. A lot of this is sort of, there are other correlation studies. You know, we can't do these randomized controlled trials where we put a group of adolescents on one diet and another on another one and see who achieve menarchy first. Because these are all of observational studies. So correlation is not equal to causation. It's a really important point. But diet has been attributed to earlier menarchy. There's bodies of literature that I'm less familiar with that suggests. Other aspects of our environment and our life are also associated with the timing of menarchy. But I certainly couldn't comment on those. Is it caloric access or is it body composition? You know, a friend of yours in colleague Dr. Melanie Cree was a guest on the show. Very excellent scientist. Yeah, is it, is it access calorically or is it a body composition problem? Great question. So with puberty and puberty development, there's still a lot we don't know, which is, you know, it's a completely developing field. But there's two phases to puberty. First is metabolic efficiency. And so, you know, do you have sufficient metabolic status or health that you can sort of proceed through puberty? And the two sort of endocrine signals that sort of signal metabolic efficiency or insufficiency would be left in or grow in. That sort of, from my understanding is like the, okay, you know, you are go for launch, right? But you don't actually get the, you don't actually get the ship into the air, the space of the air. That sort of just permissive. And then you sort of have the what's triggering puberty. What is releasing the break that's been holding the reproductive access quiet for so long? And that's another sort of dynamic and less, less well understood aspect of reproductive development. And we have seen, you know, different metabolic signals that are thought to be a part of releasing the break triggering, you know, timing a first ovulation. There's aspects of diet that have also been associated with these as well. But I think it's, you know, the jury still has precisely what it is. But what I would say is we appreciate there is a group of factors. It's probably not just one. It's probably to let probably a lot of redundancy in the pathways that are sensing permissive effects. You said something really fast. I mean, listen, you've said a lot of very fascinating things, but there are metabolic cues. Can you touch a little bit about leptin, touch on leptin and how it would relate, what is it and how it would really to ovarian health? Yeah. So leptin is an adipokine. So it's a hormones produced by our that cells in our body. And so the more fat cells that we have, the more leptin we can sort of measure in circulation. So leptin is a good correlate of adiposity. And so leptin also is a, there are sort of leptin receptors in the brain that when leptin is sufficiently high enough, it sort of triggers G-in or H response of N-G-in or H is a neuroindocrine hormone produced in the hypothalamus. That sort of tells the pituitary what to do. So leptin is a very potent and very good signal for the commands and terms of the reproductive acts in the hypothalamus that there is sufficient adiposit issue on board for reproductive function. And we need that? Yes. Do I have this correct that the higher the leptin it should have an appetite regulating effect, meaning you have reached a level of say circulating leptin and you are then less hungry. Yes. It's kind of regulates and there's this whole concept that we have leptin resistance, which would then make us over eat and things of that nature. And are you saying that with increased leptin or is it increased leptin or decreased leptin? I know we're getting a little technical here, but the reason I'm asking is because insulin probably relates to this picture. Yes, very much so. We're looking at is if it's an adipicine and it is something that is coming from adipicites or fat, the more fat one would have. Probably again I don't know because Dr. Melanie Cree really threw a wrench into everything that it wasn't about the adiposity itself. It was the intermuscular. Adipocity. So yeah. Yeah. I defer to Melanie on all topics related to muscle that is not my field, but the fat relationship when is enough enough and when do we get to the quote in metabolic tipping point where at 32% body fat we see a dysregulation and reproductive health? Yeah. I can't answer that question. What I can say though to your point earlier is those, the neurons in your brain that are responding to leptin to suppress appetite are those same neurons that are also responding to leptin to talk to another neuron called the kiss peptin neuron that tells GNRH, yes we are good to go or no we're not good to go. So those same neurons that are modulating appetite regulation are also involved in reproductive functions are really interesting integration side up in the brain. Now you have studied nutrition and you do studying nutrition. Yes. And I know that you are a scientist and you don't see patients, but from your perspective do you think there's a certain type of diet or something that we need to be aware of or something that you're seeing in patterns that would negatively or positively affect reproduction? The short answer for me would be I cannot recommend a particular dietary pattern. I can talk about this in the context of PCOS. This is where I'm very familiar. There's a systematic review that was done a few years ago that did summarize the data related to timing of first puberty. So I'm coming up first men are key story. So I'm just interested that certain macro nutrients were helpful versus less helpful. In terms of a dietary pattern what I would recommend would simply be the dietary guidelines for Americans for people living in the United States or if you have a stress from other countries or the guideline for healthy eating in their country. And I say that because we know that on average Americans do not adhere to a healthy dietary pattern. So from my vantage point is a scientist I feel like any, any way we can move in the direction towards a healthy eating pattern. And this is what happens in these studies is the foods that pop up in as being sort of helpful or beneficial. They're part of a healthy dietary pattern. And when I say healthy I'm referring to the dietary guidelines for Americans. That's, you know, as a non-physician, as a non-registered dietitian, that's really what I would say and that's where I say the evidence is at right now. And I want to add a little context to that. Sure. I'm very excited to see the next set of guidelines come out because the essentially the 20, 25 guidelines and beyond which they're working on right now are going to increase dietary protein. It's going to liberate some of the restrictions on fat. I think it's going to be extraordinary. The first part of your statement is absolutely correct. Americans are not following the guidelines on average on average that are put in front of them. So essentially anything is better than a highly processed, overcarbohydrate diet that we are currently eating. Currently on average, Americans, 90% of them are overconsuming, refined, grains and food of that nature. Yeah. So what about myths? What are some of the biggest myths that you and actually you teach a course on evaluating data and how to, what is the assignment that you give your students? So the course is women's reproductive health and nutrition across the lifespan, so men are key to menopause. So it's a fun time for me to sort of geek out with my students and the class and we get to talk about reproductive physiology and the different changes that occur and the role of nutrition, what we know and more often than not what we don't know. But their final project in lieu of a final exam is there's a long list that I compile, doctors are talking to friends and collaborators and on myths they've heard around or don't even myth, but if it's not a myth, like something they've tried or they know themselves or they've heard their patients say related to nutrition and women's health. So my field is PCOS, a lot of PCOS related research and so I do tend to get a lot of those myths trickle in. So one of them is, you shouldn't eat fruit if you have PCOS because it makes your insulin resistance worse and that's a good one. That's a real thing. It's a really painer. If you know, Patently Falls, I can say that quite confidently and there's the data actually show the exact opposite, right? Because fruit is as chock full of fiber and really important nutrients, it helps with satiety. That's a one that I hear I've heard and seen. Another is timing your diet with different phases of your menstrual cycles. Yes exercise. Talk to me about that is that a myth or a true statement and we have to pause on this because we're going to double down what is the myth that you hear? Well it manifests in a few different forms. One of them is seed cycling where different phases of your menstrual cycle which is sort of overlaid with your ovarian cycle in this case that you should eat different seeds at different phases of your menstrual cycle and for the life of me I can tell you which seed and I really also can tell you what's supposed to be doing physiologically because the data aren't there to support that. Another one that I've heard is at different phases of your menstrual cycle you should be eating different foods, right? You know this is another one where to do this kind of research it would be very challenging to test this hypothesis rigorously and conceivably where I suspect these claims or these ideas came from would probably be from animal studies which save non-human primates you know the rodent models they don't menstruate right so we we're not looking at a typical reproductive cycle that we would see in women and what's done in rodent models for instance typically those nutrition exposures are several fold greater than what we as a human would eat so any evidence that might exist is probably not translatable to humans. Two myths that you've just taken off the table number one seed cycling is a myth we do not have evidence for that number two that you should eat various foods or change your dietary patterns is that fair to say depending on your cycle where you are in your cycle I have not seen convincing evidence that would support that that is a good idea. Do you have another big myth sure so one it's it that I think it can cause a lot of grief is that you can cure PCOS with nutrition to make that claim sort of really it's not taking it to full account how complex PCOS is right it's you know that we know now that that it's a complex trait there's a genetic predisposition and there's environmental factors that you can trigger a genetic predisposition towards PCOS. I have not seen any dietary intervention trial that has fully resolved the PCOS phenotype. Dr. Marla Lusion of the Cornell she in her lab we did two different dietary interventions in women with PCOS and we did not see a full resolution of the phenotype. You know in a subset of participants the phenotype got worse it was a small sample size so I really caution against you know worrying about that finding per se but what I would say is you know there really isn't data to suggest that diet can cure PCOS there is no cure for PCOS right now and hopefully one day we will we will have one maybe gel p1s well the data are so promising. I know there's so promising yeah there's yeah that I mean that's so exciting. What about the myth that you can balance your hormones with a supplement or balancing your hormones with food. Even the notion of what it means to balance your hormones is a bit of a giveaway in and itself because we know our hormones are constantly changing data data data day certainly you can have chronically elevated hormones but the notion that you can balance your hormones at any given point with with anything it doesn't physiologically make a lot of sense to me. I would have to say that that one is a myth and what I know of evidence around turmeric for conditions or other sort of supplements not to call one specifically out but there isn't good data I would say. There are good supplements with tier 1 evidence and that's great and as we see this repertoire expanding well it could be too much or it could be ginger I think that if you are trying what's the the semen where if you're trying to chase all the rabbits that you're probably not going to catch one or whatever it is. Anyway I like that one though that I you know we could double down on the supplements or the bioactive ingredients that are promising for various things versus again deluding our brains and deluding even the science and and there are you know to that point I don't mean to repent with broad strokes earlier but you know there there is good mounting evidence that certain supplements could be beneficial for different phases of life right so fish oil has been studied for the context of you know dysm period so menstrual cramps. I didn't know do you know much about menstrual cramps and I just opened up a canograms because of the kids. Do you know how to know the canofish that is really funny. Tell me yeah tell me about that. There is pretty good evidence to suggest that you know the fish whales that you do do you know they can be beneficial for alleviating cramps and part of that is the path of physiology of menstrual cramps relates to sort of inflammation in the inflammatory process of shedding the endometrial lining. There have been a couple of studies and I do cover this in my class that make a really interesting case for it. I would honestly have to go to you know a really good systematic review just see what the you know what the overall effect estimate is in multiple populations you know I never want to hang my hat on one study certainly not but that would be one example where you know I think with a few more really good studies I think we could get there and same you know with with PCOS right there is no PCOS diet per se I think that reflects lack of evidence. I see a lot of recommendations coming from physicians that really target this relationship between PCOS and type 2 diabetes and sort of making dietary recommendations that are intended to interrupt that process and you know I think what we really need is more well-designed studies to really see whether or not you know does how beneficial is this particular dietary pattern for this particular outcome all that to say regardless of physiological outcome and improving you know a dietary pattern is associated with an overall improved quality of life and that's a really important endpoint for all of us. I would agree with you. For sure the menstrual cramps that's novel I've never heard that that there might be an improvement with DHA or EPA with us check that for you. We'll check it. We'll check it. Anything else that was surprising actually whether it's again you know the menopause transition is a very hot topic and there's so little information the over-estam point of menopause and it's kind of the landscape is you are perimenopause and then you're menopause and that transition can take a long time. I can take a long time. What I would say and so general recommendations for for anyone the best evidence you know that that you'll be able to find from my vantage point related to nutrition and reproductive health will be going to in very authoritative body so like the menopause society for instance they do have on their website a section about dietary supplements or nutritional supplements and menopausal symptoms right so rather than going to TikTok you could just google the menopause type. It's way more fun. There is some other work so really nothing comes to mind other than the fish oil that is a bit innovative that had not heard of before. Fish oil is a really interesting one that surprised me something I heard about was dairy causes inflammation which makes PCUS worse and that's that's not something that I've seen data to support as a claim. Okay so that's fake. Yeah. We talked about nutrition kind of globally. Eat well. Don't need a bunch of junk food. No deep details again if you guys want more details about my perspective on nutrition or what I believe and what I feel that the evidence supports you can definitely find it. Your lab has done very unique research and that if we're talking about nutrition and there's the idea of the individual foods but then also the microbiome. The microbiome plays a role in our overall health and wellness. Tell me about this new biol acid. Sure. Paper. Yeah. Yeah absolutely. You know we think about biol acids as molecules that they just lipids right that's sort of how we learn about the men's school. Working with collaborators Mark Robertson from Cornell and Alejandro Lovinsky from Dalhousie up in Canada where I'm from what we saw is that during puberty in a rodent model, sort of during reproduction development in a rodent model, that there are these type special type of biol acids that are only formed by the gut microbiome. So biolic are formed the liver and then they're formed in like one way of the primary and then they go down to the microbiome and they're converted to a secondary biol acid and they get sort of resourpt into the blood stream. What they found in the rodent models was that during puberty or rodent puberty, there's this massive shift in circulation and the type of biol acid that's in circulation from a primary to a secondary and that happens because of the microbiome. They also saw that there was a distinct change in the the communities in the microbiome to make those secondary biol acids and what's really cool is that they were also able to show the presence of that secondary biol acid receptor in the hypotherlamus and when they activate it, it increased or stimulated reproductive access activity. Wait, wait, wait. I think I just hallucinated. Biol acid affecting the brain. What they were able to show in this sort of ex vivo model, first is that by activating the secondary biol acid receptor in the neurons that are in the hypotherlamus, they were able to increase genearine activity and then in a rodent model what they found is that when you prematurely activate TGR5, you advance timing of first ovulation, timing of vaginal opening in these rodent models. What we did, what I did, is I looked in my data sets, we did a secondary analysis of two different data sets looking at changes in biol acids in girls and we found exactly the same shifts in biol acids. In one of those studies, we have the stool from these kiddos and we're going to analyze that hopefully later this year early next year. The other part of this question though, what this does implicates the microbiome and a very hypothesis driven way in participating and immodulating the reproductive access in reproductive maturity. We took it a step further and Hannah, she was a student in my lab, she just started her PhD now actually. She looked at whether or not there's this difference in biol acids in these adolescents who would go on to develop PCOS versus those who did not. And we have samples from a post talked for a co-harcity that we did, but I did when I was in my post doc that we were able to analyze. And so we also see distinct changes in biol acids and that paper is getting written up right now for publication. Very compelling and new and novel. Yeah, the relationship between the microbiome and the brain and its effect on ovulation and reproduction and fertility. Well keep you posted. Dr. Heidi, it has been an incredible pleasure to have you on the show. Thank you. I've enjoyed it. I thank you for being wonderful host and hopefully this was helpful. I certainly can attest that it was helpful not just to me, but for everybody listening and watching we will link where your lab is. Sure, many publications and I know that you've got some great students. So students listening, I have a assignment for you, which I will get back to. We are going to do a series of debunking Tik Tok Instagram in lieu of real science.