You've probably heard the claim that eating red meat causes cancer. That message went global. Hardly, any understood where it came from, or the science behind the claim. Dr. David Clearfeld spent decades at the USDA. He's not a fringe voice. He helped write the US Dietary Guidelines. This episode may change how you think about red meat, science, and who is shaping your health. Consumption of raw red meat, unprocessed red meat, I don't think has any identifiable cancer risk at all. The food industry pays attention to the guidelines. The public doesn't. On a good day, one out of 20 Americans meets the Dietary Guidelines recommendations. On a bed day, everybody's slumming their nose at them. Are you concerned that a lot of what we've been told about red meat has been built on shaky science, you should be. Keep watching to find out what red meat really means for your health. Dr. David Clearfeld, welcome to the show. Thank you. I cannot tell you how long I have been reading what you have been researching and publishing. You've just been a tremendous force. It is not always easy to be a fantastic scientist and to question and push for transparency. But you have done that. You are up there better than anybody that I think is out there. So just welcome to the show. Thanks. I could roll up my sleeves and show you some of the bruises. But I'm not sure your fans want to see it. Yeah. Well, we are going to talk about the bruises. And to give people context about you and your work, you have been in academics for years. You recently retired. So congratulations. You were an adjunct professor in the Indiana University School of Public Health. You also retired as National Program Leader for Human Nutrition in the US DA Agricultural Research Service. And that was at the end of 2020. Prior to that, you have a long list of accolades. Professor and chairman of the Department of Nutrition and Food Science at Wayne University in Detroit, Michigan for 12 years. And then of course, before that, you were faculty at the Wistard Institute and at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine for 15 years. Yeah. It seems like you just haven't been doing much for all that time. Really extraordinary. But it goes beyond that. You've published more than 200 peer reviewed articles, book chapters. Associate editor of the American Journal of Clinical for Clinical Nutrition for 12 years. And you're currently the Associate Editor of the Journal of Nutrition. Right. Distinguished Fellow. And that is ASN. Again, this goes on and on. But one of the reasons why I really wanted you to come here is you have been very outspoken in terms of your work and your research. You're pushing for transparency and reproducibility. And especially when it comes to nutritional sciences and red meat, also you haven't done a ton of podcasts or speaking publicly. So we're going to share it here. Tell me about a little bit of your journey as to how you just became interested in all of these things regarding nutrition. Well, I have no formal training in nutrition. My undergraduate degree is in agriculture. And as an undergraduate student, I need to tell your short story. I got interested in nutrition and health. And I bought a paperback book in the college bookstore called The Poisons in Your Food. And it's still on my bookshelf at home. But I re-read it about 10 or 15 years ago. And it's garbage. It's really scary, I'm on-guring. But I worked in my last summer in college. I worked in a pathology lab at a hospital in New York City. And I got really interested in pathology. And I applied to graduate programs in pathology and was accepted at the Medical College of Virginia. And ended up getting a master's in PhD in human pathology. As a post-doctoral fellow, I went to work with David Crichevsky, who is a very famous nutritional biochemist. And always described himself as a biochemist, not as a nutritionist. But it was one of the most prominent nutritionists in the world. And wrote the first book on cholesterol. And was probably the funniest guy in the nutrition business. So I actually ended up working with him for 15 years. And Dave was a very honest guy and put his own work in perspective. And he always said, never change what you do based on one study. And he also wasn't very much a fan of crediting the right people, not sticking to the elite group of people who had seen to hold sway in various scientific fields over time. He used to say that people changed their mind after they die. And that's a problem in science. One of the real problems that has bothered me for decades is the concept of allegiance bias. If you tell me the name of an author of a nutrition paper and just read me the title, I can tell you what the conclusions are just from knowing that person's name. Wow. Yes. And when Dave and I used to do animal studies, things didn't always come out crystal clear and reproducible from study to study. But in the human nutrition business, that seems to be the standard for getting people repeatedly showing the same thing over and over. It's just never that clear cut. Was it always that way? Seems, again, I obviously have not been in the field in the way that you have been. It seems as if things have become a bit more heated, a lot more divisive. And there's a landscape that I've never seen before. And it's really scholars disrespecting scholars, outwardly and vocally and really even to the extent of attempting to ruin people's careers because it didn't align with their views. Absolutely. I don't think that's new. I think it was hidden behind the curtain in the past. Again, I had to advantage Dave Krochevsky was 30 years older than me and was quite prominent when I joined his lab in the 1970s. But he had been invited all over the world and he was an iconoclast and would speak out for moderation and variety, no matter who he was talking to. And I think those are two of the recommendations you can still take to the bank today. And when the world was saying low fat, Dave was saying, wait a minute, it's not that simple. And a lot of recommendations are still stuck in the low fat rut decades later, even those sciences progressed way beyond that. And now saturated fat recommendation at 10% or less, which potentially I think weaponizes food. In 2015, this is a very important conversation. 2015, you were part of 22 scientists that got together with the task of evaluating from what I understand. The carcinot, the cancer causing properties of red meat. And there was an official press release that concluded, which I'm going to read. And it was after thoroughly reviewing the scientific literature, a working group of 22 experts from 10 different countries convened by the IARC program classified the consumption of red meat as a probable carcinogenic to humans. Group two, a based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer, in humans, and strong, mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. Okay, we'll just get better. There's one more section here. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans, group one, based on sufficient evidence in humans that consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. And I have a quote from you that says, this was the most frustrating professional experience of my life. And it still is 10 years later. It hasn't gotten any less annoying to me. Share with me the background of this group. And the IARC, what its role is and really the impact that it's had. So the IARC International Association Research on Cancer is part of the World Health Organization. They're funded primarily by the US and Japan National Cancer Institutes of those two countries with small contributions from others. Their whole purpose in life is to evaluate the potential cancer causing effects of chemicals in the environment. But they've spread out to other things like foods such as coffee, red meat, and working the night shift. There are things like ultraviolet light exposure where we know this is risk factor for skin cancer. There's pretty solid evidence, cigarette smoking. There's no argument that at least for primary smoking there's no argument that it causes lung cancer and probably cancer and other organs. The group working group that I was on was as you said, 22 scientists, they're all self-nominated. We had to apply to be on that. And I had published a number of studies on a couple on meat but several more on the effects of dietary fat in particular on rodent models of breast and colon cancer. And when I was doing those studies, the dominant thinking was that it was all fat causing the increased risk, that it was nothing else. I think that was a gross, simpleification that even I bought into at the time for a variety of reasons. But coming back to the IARC, once we were all accepted, we worked with a group of staff members there in Geneva, sorry in Leone, we were totally Joe is in Geneva. Where they prepared documents for us to work on and edit and evaluate all the literature that they found for us. This was not a systematic review of the literature which even ten years ago was this and that approach in medicine, there was no meta-analysis of the epidemiology and the epidemiology is what ended up determining the decisions that were made. Can you explain a little bit about epidemiology for the listener who was thinking, okay, well that sounds okay. The epidemiology is the scientific term for observational studies. And the problem with observational studies is when you observe people's behavior, it might be a snapshot in time of how someone's diet is that day that they're filling out the questionnaire and then you make believe that the diet has been the same for 20 or 30 years of follow-up. And there are different kinds of questionnaires where you can ask people to estimate how much read meat they eat or how often they eat red meat. You get a different answer when you ask how many times a month did you eat red meat versus how many ounces a month, do you eat? And so combining those kinds of questionnaires, you're asking differently, you're getting different answers, they're not actually justifiably combatable to get the same answer. Low quality, like low quality evidence. Precisely. And in fact, the working group, there were four subcommittees. I was on the Animal Subcommittee and we decided that the Animal Subcommittees did not contribute to making a decision about red meat because some saw an increase, some saw no change, and some saw a decrease. So the net result was zip, nothing happened. So they relied on mechanistic studies and epidemiology studies. But the mechanistic studies were highly problematic. They claimed that this is what linked the behavior of eating to the end result of colon cancer. But the mechanistic studies simply say what's possible. There's none of those mechanisms were shown to occur in people eating meat. Because I'm looking at this IARC monograph hazard classification. This is published on the World Health Organization. And if someone who was not a scientist like yourself would go to this, this has group one and it basically says smoking, radiation, consumption of alcoholic beverages are sufficient evidence for cancer in humans and the red underneath that is emissions from high temperature frying, DDT, the chemical compound and then consumption of red meat. And this is published and then funny enough, even underneath that, the next group is occupational exposure. So engine exhaust and lead. Red meat trumped that. That's really concerning. Of course. I mean, it's a lack of perspective and it's the hubris that some scientists have that their work is the revealed word and anything somebody else finds is just wild speculation. And that's one of the things serving my last 16 years as a government scientist that a really valuable lesson to me. In the federal government was that the risk assessors are kept separate from the risk managers. And here in the IARC we have the risk assessors voting on managing that risk. And so what does that mean exactly? That means that they don't have the objectivity that's required of saying that we look at all the work equally. Rather we're going to look at my work and say that that's more important than anybody else's work. And part of the problem of that group was you had to have relevant research to the question in hand, 11 of the 22 scientists were epidemiologists. So already everybody on the committee is outnumbered by people doing observational studies. So they were aware one would have to recognize the quality of that evidence even if you are a career epidemiologist. Nutritional epidemiologists believe that they have a different standard from everyone else. And that's why nutritional epidemiology is a raw need to change your field of science. It's not going to get the respect that has because it doesn't deserve the should it have respect, but it uses methods that don't deserve respect to come to positive conclusions. You can certainly come to the conclusion that this should be researched more and that maybe there's a risk here. I would have been happy to have voted that there's a possible risk here from consumption and a process meet. Consumption of raw red meat, unprocessed red meat, I don't think has any identifiable cancer risk at all. But they claimed it did in their summary. And it was basically exclusively on epidemiology. And the summary that you cited that was in Lancet on Colony, reported that the epidemiologists looked at 800 studies. Yeah, I see that here. But then they only used 18 studies out of 800. So 780 of them were thrown out because either they didn't show anything or they didn't show the right result or whatever the reason was. In fact, I will tell you that that monograph was supposed to come out within six months of our meeting in France and it took almost three years. And none of us on the working groups saw the final result before was published. Were the 22 of you sitting all in the room talking through these things together? We were in the room in subcommittees for a few days and then we were in the room as a full committee for several partial days. So the epidemiologists sort of worked on their own to come to a conclusion that the rest of us would agree to. Man, it's hot in Texas. I struggled to drink water that is straight. So adding in element has been key for me for many reasons. Number one, I don't get enough electrolytes in my foods. We should salt it more. And when I'm drinking water, I don't seem to recover as well. Element has been great for me and my husband with 1,000 milligrams of sodium, 200 milligrams of potassium and 60 milligrams of magnesium. I have less headaches and muscle cramps. It tastes amazing and you can get element free. They're sample pack with any purchase at drinklmnt.com slash doctor lion. You can also try their bold 16 ounce can of sparkling electrolyte drink. And by the way, everything is risk free. If you don't like it, they will give you your money back. No questions, but I will say they have a very high reorder rate and those little packets. Super cute and easy to travel with. The summer is here and I will tell you what. Element, if you are not using element, then you are living under a rock. If summer isn't here, I don't care if it's winter spring, fall, you will love element. And also, everybody is using it. I use it drink element.com that's drinklmnt.com slash doctor lion. You'll get a free sample pack. If you don't like it, you can give it away. The refund your money. You don't know what you're missing. So get after it. It's fascinating that that would be set up that way because from my understanding science and scientists you're supposed to examine evidence, whether you like that answer or not. And it would make sense that there would be a scientific discussion amongst all of you and then be able to present evidence pro and against. But the individuals, again, it says that looked at more than 800 studies and essentially the majority voted that processed meat causes cancer. But the outcome from this IARC has been tremendous and people continue to quote that me whether it is processed or unprocessed causes cancer. And unfortunately your name is also associated with this paper. How would one begin to explain or think about it? Was there a bias going in? Was there an agenda? How did it from your opinion in your perspective? How did it happen to evolve this way? Well among the epidemiologists, many of them were friends. Many of them had served on previous IARC committees. And almost all of them had already reported that either red or processed meat intake was associated with increased risk of colon cancer. And I think they saw this as an opportunity to reinforce the importance of their work. This is a judgment call on my part. There was no obvious discussion that I heard saying we're going to nail red meat. Cows are responsible for everything. But I think was the attitude. I came in more or less neutral. The studies I had done on fat show that increase in fat increased the risk of different kinds of cancer in rats that were given car's chemical car's intelligence. But we had fed meat to rats and didn't increase the risk at all. And in fact the mechanisms which we touched on just momentarily were only shown in rats. A calcium deficient diet and not red meat but blood sausage eating blood is not the same as eating roast beef. Yes, and this is one of the people on the IARC committee published two papers feeding bacon to rats and given a chemical that induces colon cancer in these animals and eating a diet high in bacon actually reduces the precancerous legions. It seemed that the scientists also use animal studies to justify the biological mechanisms linking meat intake with colon cancer. And your response to that is while these studies are being reported and then somehow getting out to the public in robust ways that the actual studies do not feed meat. But this blood sausage to calcium deficient rats which I don't necessarily know the relationship between calcium deficient rats and what the outcome would be. But I am very well aware that readers were not told the actual way that the study was done. Well for me the calcium deficiency I biochemically I don't know what that meant to the rats. But it tells me it probably didn't happen in normal healthy rats if they have to use calcium deficient rats. Oh that's interesting. And you know calcium's a major mineral in a lot of processes. I see. So it was almost set up to fail and whatever or set up for a particular outcome. I think you understand completely. Hmm. Where does that lead us now? So what was the actual scientific basis for that red meat classification? So it was the combination of the mechanism which was not demonstrated to occur in humans. But in cigarettes, in combination with a very small number of papers that evaluated the association of meat with colon cancer. And in most of those papers scientists are basically told by the editors and reviewers of the journals don't use causative language when you're describing a association. This is a basic scientific approach. You can't show cause and effect from statistical associations. It's simply a statistical correlation. You know there's a correlation between eating cheese and the number of divorces in the state of Maine. I read that was a wonderful paper. I think that I became your number one fan after I read that it was the consumption of margarine and the equivalent of how you would get divorced in Maine. It was unbelievable. We should definitely link that. What was the title of that paper I think I have it here? Don't recall it. Okay. A whole area. But you can show statistical associations. You know when these studies are done, not one of these studies was ever designed to look just at fat, just at meat intake on cancer. It was to look at everything in the diet. So we have dozens of foods, scores of nutrients, maybe a hundred disease related endpoints. So you have thousands of thousands of combinations. Literally more than a hundred thousand potential comparisons that are made. You know that the statistical standards, P, L, S, and O, 5 are a 5% chance of it being a real difference. Well, with 120,000 potential comparisons, you have 6,000 potential false positives. More than the total number of papers that were examined in this exercise. Did you have a sense when you were on the International Agency for Research on Cancer? Did you go in there thinking one way or the other? I was skeptical, I would say, of the relationship. I didn't feel that it was as soft as it ended up being. Meaning why? That you really couldn't decide anything on either red or process meat being causally related to any disease endpoint that we examined. What about now? Have you ever seen a weaker? You think it's weaker. I don't think it's gotten better with age. Were you shocked at the outcome of this working group of what would... Shock is one of the words that went through my brain. I'm sure all was in and there. I was really discouraged. I really thought that well-trained scientists would be more discerning in their take on the relationship between the observational studies and the endpoints of importance. When you began to question the group or the outcome of the group, what role do you think their personal bias is played? Were these people that were... I don't know, vegetarian, were there certain... Were there activists? What kind of individual scientists were applying to these committees? Well, a number of the scientists on the committee were vegetarians. In fact, the first night we were together. They had a dinner at a restaurant. And I sat next to someone who was the head of nutrition for the World Health Organization. And I said to her that I thought that people who were vegetarians should make a public disclosure on this committee, if their vegetarians, I felt that that was intellectual conflict of interest. And she laughed and said, well, I'm a vegetarian. So that was the end of our dinner conversation about what we ate. But it told me something... So I paid attention to the meals that the other scientists who were on the committee were eating. And I would say at least half and probably two-thirds of the people on the committee, I didn't count. More than half for sure were vegetarians. It becomes very challenging for the general population and even physicians like myself who no longer do research and are not career scientists. When I see things looking at papers that are quoted, I'm just going to give you an example. So this is arguments that I hear against red meat consumption. This is a large perspective study found that replacing red meat with plant protein was associated with a 10 to 19 percent lower risk of all cause and cardiovascular mortality based on data from over 131,000 participants. And that was a published in 2012. Are you aware of that one? Yes. And there's even more. Maybe perhaps you can comment on that. But I want to read a few more statistics. Because the reason I'm doing this is people like you and with your credentials and your years decades in the field are very different than the young influence or even young scientists because arguably the science done now seems to be a little bit different. It seems as if there's a lot less randomized control trials, a lot less rigor. But these are the statements that headlines that we're seeing. And then here's another one. Colorectal cancer risks increased by 17 percent per 100 gram of red meat consumed daily according to another meta analysis. Do you care to comment on either of those two statements? Because these are quite often quoted. Sure. So the last statement about the 17 percent increase. That comes from the IARC review. And that was the number from the epic study, the European perspective investigation on cancer. Again, 10 years ago, we was standard to do systematic review in a meta analysis that wasn't done by the IARC staff. Within six months of our meeting, another dose response systematic review and meta analysis was published showing that if you're in the highest group of intake of red meat, not not processed meat, but just red meat. It didn't matter if your highest intake was 20 grams a day or 200 grams a day, you had a similar risk. Meaning the people eating the most had the worst outcome for colon cancer. But there's a 10 fold difference there and that doesn't seem to matter. Now with 130,000 or so that's one of those Harvard studies. It seems to always be recycled. And so the people who eating the most red meat compared to the most plant protein, those are very different diets, not just they're not substituting plant protein for beef. They can do a statistical model that switches those. But the people who are worried about their health and worried about following all the recommendations are the people who aren't smoking, who aren't sitting on their couch pumping aluminum every evening. You know, they're exercising, they're not smoking. They weigh less. They're following all the health recommendations. And for me, the aha moment was the publication from the NIH AARP study, which is more than a half million people. There were 70,000 deaths and they linked red meat consumption versus white meat consumption, white meat being poultry and fish. And the risk of every cause of death went up statistically significantly with red meat consumption. So we have heart disease, we have cancer. But we have accidents going up exactly the same amount as cancer. So tell me how eating a roast beef sandwich makes you get into a fatal accident. And there was another cause of all other causes. And there were 10 different causes of infections, of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. And some other diseases that I'm just not recalling from 15 years ago, that was even significantly higher than cancer or accidental deaths. And in the white meat group, all the causes of death were significantly lower except heart disease. It didn't seem like eating chicken decreased your risk of heart disease. But what it tells me is there are other health behaviors that haven't even been thought about that and certainly not measured in these studies. But the epidemiologists say, oh, there are always confounders, but we measured white and ask people how much they exercise. Therefore don't worry about it. And that's simply nonsense. That just poor quality research. And you see papers like that come out and you see them recycled. And you think about the effect that that kind of perspective will have on our youth. Do you have a thought as to how to course correct? And you've also been involved in the US dietary guidelines. I'm curious as to how that came about. Well, I think part of the problem is grading the strength of the evidence and that I would have like to see for the IARC committee did, did created one, two, A, two, B, and three. And three was we can't determine the carcinogenicity. But interestingly, when I was on that working group, there was a fourth category of it's not carcinogenic. And there in the decades that they had been doing these reviews for IARC, there were roughly a thousand reviews and one chemical, one out of a thousand was scored category four, not carcinogenic. And they eliminated that fourth category sometime in the last five years. So what this says is there is a change in philosophy from IARC that's gotten in my estimation worse. If we investigate your guilty, it's whether or not we can prove it. Because you can't now be assessed as not causing cancer. And this is problematic for coffee, which is reassessed just a few years ago. How tell me about that? Is that why you see signs if you're in California, you see signs that coffee has some compound in it that could cause cancer? Right. And you know, I forgot it was in the early 1990s, it was a probable carcinogen. And then in 2018 there was a re-reviewed after lots of criticism that just never let up. And it was deemed a possible carcinogen. And so by California Prop 65, it's known to the state of California to kill you. You know, it's just nonsense. It seems as if it's gotten worse again, not better. What would you, well, how, you know, I think I want to shift a little bit to the US, the dietary guidelines and how you got involved in that. Because I'm assuming from what I know about you is that you've really tried to make improvements and really ask transparent conversations. How did you get involved in the US dietary guidelines and what was your role in the USDA? Okay. So I joined the USDA in 2004 and I was involved with four different guidelines in 5, 10, 15, and 20. Sort of different roles. My job at USDA was the National Programulator for Human Nutrition Research. I oversaw six human nutrition research centers around the country. Roughly 600 scientists, 80 something million a year budget. That's tremendous. We were the tremendous. It was a lot of work, but a really joyful job, that to say, a lot of really creative people who were, for the most part, they're to find the right, since they're the right answers to find the answers, whether they were right or wrong. I really, I really appreciate that statement. And that's part of the problem that a lot of people come in thinking and rightly so you have to hypothesize a particular way something's going to come out. But you have to be prepared to not have it come out the way you plan it to come out. In fact, that's what I learned as a graduate student that a good study always generates additional questions that you need to ask. Thank you to one of my all-time favorite products, my opinion, made by timeline. If all companies operated with such scientific rigor and integrity, the entire supplement landscape would be changed. Why I love and have used mitochondria forever is because I trust their science. I have felt stronger. I have had more endurance since being consistent with mitochondria. mitochondria is a precise dose of the post-phiotic urlithinate. It works by promoting an essential cellular cleanup. It clears out dysfunctional mitochondria. It is the only urlithinate supplement on the market clinically proven in human trials to target the effects of age-related cellular decline. Please sign me up. And from my perspective, it is the ultimate in muscle health and whole body health supplement. The current human data supports its benefit from muscle health, strength, endurance like I mentioned, the stronger you are, the better. I wish that I'd come up with it myself. Timeline is offering 10% off your order. Go to timeline.com slash lion. That's timeline.com slash lion. Get 10% off or use the code lion L-Y-O-N. As a follow-up, and I don't think modern science admits that anymore. We have an answer to this question. No more research is needed. Just listen to me and you'll be fine. So let's come back to the dietary guidelines. A lot of it first, the dietary guidelines are written by a small office in the USDA which I had some connection to but was not part of. And a small office at Health and Human Services, which again I had some connection to but was not part of. Most of the people writing the guidelines are dietitians, not scientists. Very well-intentioned people, not necessarily trained in the details of experimental design, so not necessarily capable of interpreting some of the weaknesses that you need to pay attention to. In the last 20 guidelines that I participated in, I was given a fancy title of co-executive secretary of the dietary guidelines. I actually, there were no other co-executive secretaries, so I don't actually know. Will your counterpart list? Well, I don't know what that meant, but I was in charge of overseeing the peer reviews of the systematic reviews that were first implemented then to the USDA to evaluate a number of research questions. They had 62 questions and only 30 of them were evaluated with a systematic review. And part because it just took so long, there wasn't enough manpower of money. They didn't have chat, GPT at the time. No. There's always this perception outside the government, oh, there was a conspiracy by the food industry telling the USDA to back off and we would hurt the sales of B4 or Vell Vita cheese or something. That's nonsense. Certainly the food industry is very, very interested. More so than the public in the dietary guidelines for Americans. And they are allowed to submit written comments just like anybody in the public is. They're allowed to make oral statements just like anybody in the public is. But nobody from the food industry who can and a number of people contacted me during these processes probably with the hope that I would see their point of view, but nobody ever said to me, I want you to put the word in for whatever food I'm selling. Nobody had the nerve or stupidity to do that. But the public thinks in a lot of nutrition scientists claim that's standard practice. Meaning what exactly I sent you an email that says, I really want you to add, I don't know, almond juice because I think, would that be something, what would be an example of? Well, I don't think you would do it with an email because freedom of information act makes made all of my emails public knowledge. In fact, that happened to me more than once where some activist group asked for seven years worth of emails to and from a dozen or more different groups in the individuals, which amount to tens of thousands of emails that are freedom of information officer, and I had to go through. I do. Which was harassment as far as I'm concerned. They found nothing. Why would they what happened there? So you went to work for the USDA to contribute to the dietary guidelines. You were overseeing 600 scientists and millions and millions and millions of dollars to try to put together a recommendation or a pathway for people. Is that what did I? Most of the work that we did in the Human Nutrition Research Program did not contribute to the dietary guidelines for Americans, but it did contribute to general nutrient requirement research. Which would then hopefully inform the guidelines. Exactly. Yeah. And were you harassed by your findings and were you publishing a hot? What was taking me through a little bit about the history? So you would oversee all these scientists. They would, would they present to you the studies that they were working on or come to you for experimental design? You guys would meet? Sure. All of the above. I mean, I had to approve any research plan for the five year cycle that our research worked on. And if it didn't get my OK, it didn't move forward. And so there's this sort of a check and balance again, scientific creativity versus authenticity. Yeah, that's really challenging. I can only imagine how many studies were you were during that time you there for what 12 years? 16, but it was counting. I mean, was that just 100s, 1000s, how many? Oh, yeah. There were, we grouped scientists together. So we might have 80 to 100 plans for the 600 scientists in a given year. Wow. And you would have that, that I could see being, I don't know if it's a challenging position, but you would have to be able to balance, you know, so I want to talk about plan protein versus read me, which is exactly what you were doing or various other nutrients. And I could see where you'd have to, that would be a lot of scrutiny. Absolutely. And in fact, we had a lot of research looking at the value of adding different plant compounds and different fruits and vegetables to the diet, both in people and in test animal models. Because that's really the only time you can totally control the diet unless you're locking people up. And our nutrition research centers actually had inpatient facilities to do that. We did that at Washio. Yeah, Washio was Penn State, Washio. Yeah. They're, um, Pennyton in Baton Rouge. They're a very limited number of these metabolic wards that can do good quality nutrition studies. But all of the six human nutrition research centers of USDA brand had that capability. Well, we're some of the surprising findings during that 16 years. Wow. Or was there any that really stood out to you? Or that led to a bit of harassment where an activist group wanted to see seven years of emails? Well, the, the, um, harassment was actually because one of my responsibilities was to share a working group of government scientists with industry scientists to create a public private partnership to fund a large long-term human feeding study. And I was assigned by the Undersecretary for Research at USDA to share this committee. So I sent an email around to the scientists that somehow fell into the hands. And in the email basically said, here's an editorial, I believe it was in the British medical journal. That says, here's why nutrition scientists are against public private partnerships that we need to move forward. In a medical journal. And I, so it's public record. I said, just read this, you know, it addresses the task we've been assigned by the Undersecretary. And somehow this fell into the hands of an activist group. And for any reason, they can ask through freedom information for any amount of correspondence. And, you know, if they asked for emails with one person over six months, they're looking for something, but they asked for seven years with dozens of people and organizations. Was there a reason why? Her as well. I felt it was harassment. They were looking for something which they apparently didn't find. Because this was many years ago. They never published anything. So I'm assuming they found nothing. What do you think some of the biggest myths are about nutritional research? Wow. Okay, the biggest myth is what you see in the news media, whether it's traditional news media or online influencers, it's picking up a single association study, an observation of, not cleaning your fingernails leads to 10 points lower IQ. Well, that explains it today. And, you know, everybody starts scrubbing their nails with a brush and chlorox, because that's what the study said. But, you know, it might, it's probably because somebody who walks around with dirty fingernails is maybe working manually and not reading and not learning. You know, there's other things to think about. And, again, if there's one study, that's, that's an interesting, maybe we should test it a second time. And, I would not change my diet based on a single study, even if it's a controlled feeding study, because most controlled feeding studies are what we call efficacy. Under a planned controlled set of conditions, it works. But, under your lifestyle, it may have no connection whatsoever. Under a larger group of 2000 people, maybe we don't see anything, but we can only afford to feed 20 people for two weeks. So, you know, there's this nuance that the public doesn't understand in scientists sort of blindly ignore. What would you tell someone who really wants to learn? And they'll get a study and it is interesting because right now, myself and many others, we educate in short soundbites. And we do our very best. Right. What is a responsible way that you see to be able to educate the public when we recognize that, you know, it's not just one study and it's not, it's not even just two studies. It's really a body of literature. So, I've been doing this for almost 50 years. And I'm a lot less certain about anything in nutrition today. I mean, clearly we know a lot about nutrient requirements. But I'll give you an example. I can tell you what your vitamin C requirement is more or less. But if you're a cigarettes moaker, it's really different than if you're a non-smoker. If you're living in a polluted place, it's more than if you're living out in the woods somewhere. So, I need to know a lot about your personal lifestyle. And that's one of the things where nutrition is going. Towards personalization, we have this food is medicine, great soundbite. But I'm not sure food is medicine. I believe food can stay off the need for medicine. Food can prevent you from requiring medicine. So, in some ways, it's like medicine, but it's not the equivalent of taking a statin drug to lower your cholesterol. You can use diet to drop your serum cholesterol 5% or 10%. But if you have genetically high cholesterol, unfortunately, you can rely on drugs and it's really effective. But to prevent a heart attack, we talk about in medical research, we talk about the number needed to treat. You know, almost everybody should say the vast majority of people's serum cholesterol is lowered by taking statins. But to prevent a heart attack, you probably need to treat 30 to 50 people to prevent one heart attack. You know, with them, we think about the guidelines and the guidelines make really mass generalizations. How do you think about that? How do you think about the dietary guidelines and the recommendations that we're seeing? This is one of the real problems that we have that if guidelines are more personalized, then maybe there's no single set of rules for anybody. And you can sort of get around the recommendations. And how would that be? So for so the way I think about it is they will say again, saturated fat, just because that seems to really derail everything. If the diet is 10% or less should be saturated fat. But, you know, I'm not sure where that science came from, are you? Yes. Where? It came from the air. So when dietary recommendations were first starting, the American Heart Association sort of ruled the world. And I was a member of the Heart Association for decades and finally abandoned them. I refused to give them a dollar anymore. But the American average intake was 40% fat and the agreement in the field was we have to cut fat in half, which would be 20% and the agreement among the experts was nobody will reach 20%. So let's say make the goal 30%. It's half way towards the real goal. And where do they come up with that? And all just for fun? Pretty much. You know, there's there are very few populations on Earth that are eating 20% fat. You know, in Thailand, the fat intake 50 years ago was around 20% fat. But protein was also a little bit lower. They were eating a lot of rice. You know, that's one of the things that white food is bad for you. You know, sugar, A is not a metal, a ballad poison. Rice does not make you fat. You know, a third of the world was slim, living with rice as their basic staple food until their diets sort of crapped out by getting westernized, by doing less physical activity, by moving to big cities. There are lots of changes that the confounders that we talked about earlier, all change at the same time. So you can't pick out one or two things. There's six or 10 things that happen simultaneously. So to come back to the fat levels, the interim target for the heart solutions with 30% and so 10% fat from fats, monos, and polys just pulled out of the air. So our saturated fat intake has been for several years now around 11%. Not anymore than that. It used to be 14% back when we were eating 40% fat. So we've reduced significantly in part because the median history has raised lower fat pigs and trimmed beef more. But in large part because processed food formulas have changed because the food industry pays attention to the guidelines. The public doesn't. You know, on a good day, one out of 20 Americans meets the dietary guideline recommendations. On a bad day, everybody's slumming their nose at them. So, but the food industry, when the guideline said low fat everything made fat free cookies, those are not health foods. You know, just another crappy choice. And it's fine for cookies to be an occasional snack. It's not fine to eat a sleeve of cookies every afternoon with a glass of low fat milk. When the guidelines came out, obviously they've been going on for quite some time, what is the evidence, the quality of evidence that the guidelines contain? Well, it's actually hard to know from the first multiple sets of guidelines, which are small pamphlets. When did they first come out with the 1980s? 1980s. Yeah, I did. There was actually a 1977s of dietary guidelines from the MacGovern Committee, but the official dietary guidelines for Americans began in response to the MacGovern Committee, which was done by Senate staffers. People ask me, how do I have so much energy? Well, I don't, but I strategically caffeinate. I hit coffee hard in the morning. Then I toned it down with mud water in the afternoon. So mud water is amazing. It's got cow, tri, tumouric, and adapted genetic mushrooms. I should have asked how that helps fertility to help me feel focused and balanced, not wired. It's smooth, steady and honestly, it is absolutely easy. Thank God I'm terrible in the kitchen. And delicious, it takes two minutes to add hot water or milk. And then you're ready to get after it. If you know what I mean. But anyway, most people will reach for sugar in the afternoon. I found this to be a better solution. And because they're a sponsor of the show, you can try it out and save big. And when I say big, I'm talking about up to 43% off your entire order. Free shipping, free rechargeable frothor, who doesn't need that, head to mudwater.com and use the code Dr. Lyon. That's MUDWTR.com and use the code Dr. Lyon. One way I use mudwater is in the afternoon when I'm really needing something like, I don't know, chocolate or I can't do pushups. But I can grab mudwater and I feel kind of like it's a little bit of a warm hug. It tastes amazing. And I'm doing something good for myself. You will love it definitely give it a try. So what are you waiting for? Go get your 43% off and drink some mudwater. So scientists gave their expert opinion in like a nine page pamphlet. Nobody knew what the evidence was. It was just a bunch of friends got together in the room and put together what they thought for. And so this is 1980. Do you think people recognize that? No, of course not. So it was, you know, it was, it was, don't eat too much salt, don't eat too much. Sure, it wasn't to fine what too much meant. And I have to say I can't define that for you. Eat more fruits and veggies. Eat less fat. Eat less saturated fat. I don't remember what all the others were. That might have been it. So that's 1980. And let's fast forward to 2020, 40 years later. The guidelines have gone from a nine page pamphlet to 150 page book with lots and lots of science behind it. But the recommendations are exactly the same. The wording has been tweaked. But the government has been locked into the same. Don't eat any fat or you'll get fat. Which we know was wrong. But school lunch prioritizes skim milk and low fat milk. You can't give full fat milk to kids on a school lunch because the guidelines mandate that. The guidelines that came out in 1980 didn't seem to have scientific basis. It seems like the American Heart Association had quite an influence because again, and please correct me where I'm missing the mark here. Started at 40 percent fat. Then went to 30. Then somehow there was a, you know, the ultimate target was 20, but individuals felt like it was not going to get there. But these guidelines have not changed drastically. I mean, I think recently they said high quality protein for younger, for infants or something youthful. I have to look, I have to look because from my perspective and I think from yours they haven't changed. You're right. And there are a couple of problems that initially the guidelines tried to make one diet that all Americans was supposed to eat. That I think is a bankrupt plan to begin with. There are so many other reasons. Hardly anybody eats just for nutrition. You know, you know all the different reasons people eat. And nutrition is far down the list. Taste and cost, convenience, culture are far more important than nutrition. Everybody, when their ass is, oh yeah, I'm in for nutrition. It's good stuff. But then when you ask them, well, what did you choose? You know, doesn't look so nutritious because they don't know how to cook. They don't have time to cook. They can't afford what they really want to buy. There's lots and lots of problems with that. So if the guidelines haven't changed since the E.D.s and it doesn't reflect new scientific research, what would you like to see be re-evaluated? Oh, from the ground up, I'll tell you one thing that I would love to see is have a grade for the strength of evidence. There is a system where the acronym GRAD is a plating medicine. We had Bradley Johnson on the podcast. Sure, one of the people behind that. One of my, another one of my why the accepted in medicine completely disregarded in nutrition. You see that occasionally, but rarely in nutrition and it's sort of poo-pooed in nutrition because nutritional epidemiologists always say, nutrition is so hard. We need different standards. My answer is no, you don't. You need the same standards, other fields of science just don't claim that you have the same quality of evidence. If the guidelines, the way they are, were given a grade of maybe not, meaning a sea or sea minus, I wouldn't be beating them about it. You know, I'm looking at a summary here and I'm going to show this with you. It's so fascinating. 1980 guidelines focus on fat reduction. Exactly what you said. It seemed like there was this saturated fat cholesterol to prevent heart disease. The low fat craze happened 1992 to Roe, what happened 1999 to? Food Guide Permanent. Oh, yes. That seemed to be a disaster. The, the thinking was grains should form a base 611 surveys and fats were placed as the top to be used sparingly. 90s to 2000, fat reconsidered, sugar and carbs came under scrutiny. Screwed me. Then the USDA introduced my Permanent in 2005 from 2010 to now. And then of course 2011, the my, the my plate came out replaced the food guide Permanent with this way of visualizing a balance. The recommendation was, again, this is grouping last, I don't know, 15 years, healthy eating patterns, whatever that is, Mediterranean dash, plant-based emphasis, limiting added sugars and sodium. So this is 10% of daily calories. One thing that is so obviously missing here is where is the conversation of dietary protein? Those numbers have not changed. There actually is a conversation that occurred with the current league being developed guidelines that it will be out sometime in 2025. And I'm not really happy with the approach that was taken by the advisory committee, which are the university folks who are supposedly giving advice that the guidelines will follow. The guidelines don't always follow the advice from that committee. But there was a concept of ounce equivalence for carbohydrates developed. And that made perfect sense to me because you have something like a ready-to-dry cereal that might have 10% water in it. And you're comparing an ounce of brand flakes to an ounce of bread. Well, bread is 65% water. That's not the same as dry cereal. So you have an ounce of equivalent of carbohydrates where you take the ounce of actual carbs in however many ounces of those two foods. That seems reasonable. Yeah, that seems fine. But that was applied to proteins. And now they're saying based on nitrogen content alone. And you know, probably better than I do, that that's not a good marker of your protein status. That is, and because all the dietary RDAs for protein are set in groups of healthy young men consuming high-quality protein, meaning animal proteins, almost exclusively dairy or egg protein, and generally isolated from the other components of those foods. So it's pure protein really easily digested. And then you're saying that a plant protein with the same grams of nitrogen is the equivalent to an isolated animal protein just doesn't pass the the laugh test. But yet here we are. Right. And it hasn't changed, which is really terrifying. If you could make a recommendation, and then were you able to make recommendations when you were working at the USDA by the way, so you were overseeing all these scientists? Would you get this information and then pass it to someone that would then take action on it? How does that flow work? Okay, most of the scientists that I oversaw would publish in peer reviewed scientific journals. So that's how they would disperse their information. The other mechanism was through government reports. And my program analyzed the data on diet from the N-haines annual surveys. Can you share about what that is? Sure, N-haines is another one of those government acronyms that you need a dictionary for. It's the National Nutrition Health and a National Nutrition Health and Examination Survey. And it's a snapshot in time of 5,000 people. And they get to 24-hour dietary recalls. And there are different quality dietary recalls. Not all of them are the same quality. The ones that are used in N-haines are really the best there are. And those are the best or 10-truck. Those are the best that they are, but do you think they're good? They're the best that we have. Actually, the USDA Nutrition Program did a study published in the 1980s that depending on what nutrient you want to estimate, you need between three and 35 24-hour recalls. Three to 35 to make it to really be able to get to good-sum. To know what the actual intake of an individual is. To do a group average, you need three to five 24-hour recalls. Almost nobody does three to five 24-hour recalls. It's one or two. N-haines does two. And in N-haines, they do an in-person interview with food models so the subject can estimate the size of the portions they're eating. When they go home, they have a little book with life-size pictures of those food portions. If there's some university professor who's doing the same thing, they don't have either of those aids. So it's the best for what we have. Right. Do you find that the data that they would get from that would be flawed or is there some level of confidence? Because the N-haines dataset is quoted all the time. I quoted it's the best that we have, you know, for example, if someone says, well, I don't know, 20% of adults, 20% of women at any given age are deficient in protein. I mean, is that number right? Well, it's kind of the best I would have. So N-haines data is used for a particular purpose, which we'll explain in a second, but it's also misused constantly, probably more so than the way it's properly used. N-haines is a snapshot in time of the average intake. It's not, you get a distribution of intake from that, but it tells you relatively limited amounts of information about subpopulations. And so what do you mean by that? That's interesting. You're interested in populations that are increased risk of deficiency, increased risk of certain diseases. So ethnic minorities young women who generally have more iron or calcium deficiency because they're not choosing be for dairy and how could they with the headlines at their own rate? So you're just like, yeah, I mean, that's part of it. I'm not asking somebody why they're avoiding it. If somebody's avoiding food for nutritional purposes, I can generally argue against those choices, but if it's for ethical purposes or religious purposes, I'm not going to argue against that that's a personal decision. If it's for environmental purposes, I don't think the data are solid on life cycle analysis of producing different kinds of food. People driving to the grocery store have a much bigger environmental impact than the growth of anything that's produced for them to eat. And people just don't get it. That is really fascinating. We will touch on that. The Enhane's data, what would be an appropriate use for the Enhane's data? If someone was communicating science or if we're having discussions about this? So lately, over the last decade, it's been noted that more and more young women have lower iron status, not necessarily frankenemia, although Enemia has increased, but lower iron reserves. And that's corresponded to decreased red meat particular and other sources of bio-available iron. That's another distinction between plant protein and animal source protein is bio-availability of the protein that it's just not as available from plant sources as it is from animal sources. And it's particularly true for minerals and vitamins that are considered nutrients of risk. So we have calcium, we have iron, we have zinc, vitamin B12, young women and older people tend to be deficient in all of those, either low marginal status were deficient and all of those nutrients we just mentioned, including protein. One of the myths is that we eat too much protein. And I didn't know where that came from. Young men clearly do eat, that's a group, clearly do eat more protein than their requirement is set at. But their requirement is set at a minimum based on nitrogen balance number. You're right about that. But there's a problem in understanding that, you know, if you're a couch potato, maybe the protein requirement is close to what's really needed. But if you're exercising, you clearly do need more. If you're over the age of 65 or 70, you clearly do need more. If you're growing kid, who should be outplaying every afternoon, you clearly do need more. And you're not going to get it from eating plant substitutes because you have to eat a lot more of that stuff and you're still not getting the nutrient balance that you have from the amino acid profile and the other nutrients in animal source foods. I'm not saying you can't be a healthy vegetarian. You absolutely can be. But you have to be a well-educated vegetarian who plans carefully. You wrote one of my favorite papers of all time and it was, it was a commentary as is beef a healthy food. It was just such a wonderful and maybe the title is not totally right and I'll drop it in here. But it was just so well written in this idea that it's not just about protein. We talk about protein but that's just the start. It is these bio-available sources of iron, zinc, vitamin A, vitamin D that, you know, it's so beyond just the protein aspect. How do you see that informing our decisions? Because you see, headline seemed to contradict themselves. How do you see individuals making good choices in terms of what is necessary? It makes it harder in lots of ways and one of the minerals we haven't mentioned is selenium. Turns out beef is about the source of half the selenium in the United States and US soil is enriched in selenium. So wheat grown in the US is a decent source of selenium, but it's still nowhere near as good as the selenium from beef. But wheat grown in Italy has zero selenium. So if you're buying imported Italian pasta, it might taste good, but you're getting no selenium. Selenium is an important antioxidant. It's involved in a number of enzymatic pathways in the body. There's no USDA table for selenium values. It's sort of an orphan mineral. They're just isn't enough information about it. Nutrition is an endlessly complex science. It's not rocket science. It's tougher than rocket science. You have stuff coming out one end and stuff going forward in the other end and if it doesn't explode, it all works. With nutrition, you're making hundreds of choices a day in your diet and there's hundreds of consequences metabolically going on in your body. So it's short-term, long-term effects of nutrition. It's not overwhelming. You could be paralyzed as a result of all of that. And I don't want people to think that's the way to approach it. Well, I actually really love what you said that white food isn't bad. Rice is not the end of the world sugar. Isn't going to kill you. These things are they are very sensationalized. And even thinking about, I know you had mentioned before. We started recording even the Women's Health Initiative. For those listening, it was a $750 million study. A $750 million study and the biggest chunk of that study was a 20,000 women on a low-fat diet and 30,000 women on their usual diet for nine years. And the outcome, again, is said no difference in risk with colon cancer or following a low fat or a typical higher fat American diet. And why do I bring this up? Because there's a lot of confusion out there online in terms of different groups. You said something when we first started talking that I think was really profound. You show me the name of someone and I'll tell you what their outcome and conclusion is going to be. And that becomes extremely detrimental to the public. And you show me the name of the influence or an irony with the answer is going to be. Which is challenging because I suppose looking at the other side of people could say that about me and they could say that about you and they could say that about Don Laman. But I will also say that there's a collective amount of high quality research that maybe we don't now exactly how much protein I need or you need. We know over time what that would trend towards. And that we know that there's the animal products that they're different than say the plant products. When you were involved in the women's health initiative? Well, I was supposed to be. What happened? I was asked to be a member. Do you like how I led into that? Very sneaky of you. I was asked to be a member of a committee from the National Cancer Institute that reviewed the design of the women's health initiative, nutrition trial. There was also the hormone replacement therapy component of it. But as you mentioned, the biggest part was the nutrition study and was half a billion dollars. I'm so livable. And it was a failure basically for the low-fat intervention. We should talk about pregnancy because it is the most challenging time for the female body. Think about the demands of a growing baby. 95% of women in the perineatal stages have nutrient deficiencies. Most prenatal vitamins include the bare minimum nutrition based on outdated guidance. Stay-all research. Come on. Needed one of our sponsors offers better nutrition products. And there are so many prenatal women's supplements out there. It can be hard to know which one to choose. Needed is recommended and used by more than 4,000 women's health experts from nutritionists, timid wives, to doctors, a region IN, you name it and it was developed which is so interesting from clinical insight from their collective of practitioners over time. Their products offer the forms of nutrients your body can use to do so. It also goes above and beyond which is important with third-party testing. Needed offers wonderful nutrition for women from conception, to pregnancy, to new motherhood and beyond. There is so much on this journey with motherhood that you can control. Let's manage the things that you can which is nutrition. Needed prenatal multi is available in capsule and an easy to take vanilla powder especially if you are nauseous or those that cannot swallow pills. Needed offers premium supplements for every stage from a quality to lactation, anything and everything a woman is going to go through. Needed has you covered. Head over to thisisneeded.com and use the code Dr. Lyon for 20% off your first order. That's this is needed.com and use the code Dr. Lyon for 20% off your first order. Not just colon cancer but no effect on breast cancer, no effect on heart disease. Meaning a low fat diet had no benefit on this. Now the argument is that the women reduce their diets, the fat in their diets in the first couple of years and then they slowly added it back. Whether or not that's true that's not really sure. In fact that's probably speculation. But it's one of the only two intervention studies that I brought up to the IARC panel of a controlled feeding trial and one of the epidemiologists said, but that study wasn't designed primarily to a good red meat. And I said yes that's correct. It was designed as a low fat diet. But meat intake was cut by half. That's important. That's a huge drop. And my response which I didn't think of it immediately at the time we were in this conference was that not one of these epidemiology studies that indicts meat was designed to look at red meat. You're all designed to look at whatever they can find in their diet that statistically significant. That's really challenging. You did introduce the concept of the beef matrix. I have quoted you many times. What is that? Why does it challenge the mainstream view of Saturipa and cholesterol? Well the beef matrix is the physical structure of the food that we call meat. And so it includes muscle, connective tissue, fat, it includes cell membranes. Give you an example from the dairy industry. They have funded a lot of nutrition research for decades. And they've actually in both the US and Europe. And they've actually shown that the fat in dairy is in a membrane structure called the human milk fat globule membrane. And it has a really different effect from eating butter which is just the fat that's dripped out by heating dairy products. In the beef matrix you can extract beef talo or the beef fat and extract that out of meat. But it's not necessarily the same as what you get from eating beef that's whether it's ground up in in a process food or not doesn't make a difference. Whether it's from the beef or pork that's or chicken that's ground up, all of that's the structure and it differs based on each species will have a different molecular composition. That's fascinating. And it includes say, he and I will be different in beef pork and poultry. The amount versus the bioavailability or the all of the structures within that tissue. There's really no hum Iron in poultry to speak of, but in pork will have some and beef will have a lot more. But we talk about Iron, we don't talk about bioavailable Iron. And that's key that maybe you need to eat less beef to get the same Iron value. You're not eating meat just for Iron, but you need less of it than you do eating bonus skinless chicken breast according to the guidelines for Americans. Are you talking a little bit about the other nutrients like creatine, harnessine and searing some of these other bioactive compounds? Sure. In fact, one of the podcasts I listened to on the flight in today was about creatine and there's certainly if you're physically, creatine is not considered essential because the body can make it. But I think there are enough studies to strongly indicate, not just to suggest that if you're physically active if you're an athlete, having more creatine is valuable for you. There's suggestive data that creatine helps cognition. Yeah. And I don't know if that's solid enough to make a recommendation about dietary change or not. A lot of those recommendations for creatine are basically being extrapolated to take grams and grams of this as a supplement. I'm not a big fan of most supplements. I would prefer people to get their nutrition first from foods and only secondarily from supplements. Now, if you're going to be a vegan supplements who now are a new food group for you, you can't live healthy without supplements. Yes, it would be very challenging. And I really like how you talk about, you're talking about the nutrients, not just the protein, not just the micronutrients, but other but more about these bioactive compounds. And to be fair, there's bioactive compounds in say a meat food group and other bioactive compounds in a plant food group. Sure. Also probably not interchangeable. A great. And that becomes important in a context of overall diet. One of the things that you have mentioned is that the guidelines really are based on weak evidence and that that can cause harm. Where do you think that we've gone wrong in US dietary policy? By not admitting that I'm right and everybody else is wrong. It's Dom Lamin here. No, I think we say we're over and over that nutrition is different. It's tough and it is absolutely. But don't say we have different standards of science because of that. We have to be willing to pull up our pants and say we're waiting through some muck here and that we can't be certain about this, but this is our best guess based on science today. I would love the discussion paper of every published research study to begin with based on what we know today. The public thinks that every study that's publicized is the final word, whether it's about olive oil or roast beef or whatever. This is what I've got to do to change my diet to be healthier. I can guarantee you that nobody has the final word on any food. Probably because it's just evolving. Sure. That the right with that be a reason as to why there's always this evolution. It's both that it's evolving, but we're also looking for new end points to measure. People are interested in any more in measuring serum cholesterol the way they were with diet studies. Because we have drugs to control serum lipids now. So we're trying to control other things and we're making believe that we're controlling aging. I think we can actually extend health span. I'm not sure we can expand. Lifespan. Lifespan. If I'm a sickly 95 year old, I'm ready to say goodbye. If I'm a healthy 95 year old, maybe I want to hang on a couple more years. These are problems and of course there's no guarantee in my shape you're going to be in. You could get into an accident. Absolutely. Or you could eat margarine. If only if we're eating too much roast beef. Why are randomized control trials so difficult to do? And why do you think that we're doing or are we doing less of them? Absolutely we're doing less. And we're doing only short-term trials. We're not going to do long-term trials that give the answers you and I would like to see. For a couple of reasons, it's too expensive. It takes too long. Nobody wants to wait 20 years for the answer. And what if you're wrong? I did two years of research at Washington. Do you know Sam Klein? Yeah sure. So I was in Sam Klein's lab and he is so loveable for sure. And we're doing working on one study. I think I came in in year two, did another two years. And I don't think the data never got published. I cannot imagine. And it was also in the Metabolic Board. I cannot imagine doing a 20-year study. And then, oh you know what? I don't know. I don't know if you were in a published study. So if you're going to design our C.T. a randomized control trial with something good. What do you compare it against? The something bad? Well, if that's unhealthy, that's unethical to compare with something bad. So you got something good against something that's not so good. So now you've got a small difference. And you want this to be the only difference that you're going to randomly assign people to. Are they going to listen to you for the next 20 years and make that one change? I kind of doubt it. Especially if it gets a lot of publicity like a lot of the dietary studies have gotten where people see in the literature or in the news media that olive oil is good for you. Well, I'm dumping my soybean oil. I'm going to only use olive oil from now on. Even though they're in the soybean oil group, yours's measurement is no longer valid. Yeah. What do you think we could do going forward? What is the biggest change that we could make to improve nutrition research or even our understanding? I think we need better metabolic markers and the sciences evolving in that area. You know, we're looking at what are called small metabolites in the blood. The problem is that they're more qualitative than quantitative. So if you eat a pound of salmon, I can point to 12 different things in your blood that changed. But if you eat four ounces of salmon, nothing happens. When you say qualitative versus quantitative, what do you mean when it comes to these compounds? You need a ginormous jolt to your system to show a difference. You're not seeing a dose response. Or do we have to get better more sensitive testing? That would help, but I'm not sure already the test that measure these small metabolites, mass spectrometry really, really sensitive. 75 years ago, when I arc was started, you can measure parts per thousand. Now you can measure parts per trillion. That isn't a perfect thing. They didn't even think about the tiny, tiny amounts of stuff we're exposed to. Back when the law was set in the 1950s that anything that causes cancer in an animal, or human, has to be banned from the food supply. So another thing that wasn't taught when I was in school was the intestinal microbiome. They were a bacteria living inside all of us. The same number of cells in our intestine that are in our entire body. They're cranking out all kinds of chemicals that actually get absorbed and participate in normal metabolism and have marked health effects. When I was a student, the colon was supposed to absorb water and electrolytes and nothing else. Right. Oh, I'm excited that you're mentioning this. And so what we do to measure that, now is, well, here poop in this cup and we'll measure the bacteria that are in your intestine. Well, if you're pooping it out, maybe you're large intestine is six feet long. Your small intestine is 20 feet long. There's a lot going on in your e-leam bacteria-least speaking. That we never measure. We're not even doing the model T version of the microbiome at this point. We're also analyzing who's there? So I actually was in the human gut microbiome project. You were. I know. So another thing you were doing? I did a food for you to question there on myself and it missed four percent. You're probably going to cop the? No. I just had to send them a little poop sample and didn't need to poop in the cup. But that's that's fascinating. So they measured my poop. They told me who lives there and I have no idea what that means. They were 80 or 90 bacterial species but I don't know what metabolicly they're doing and there are about 1200 bacterial species that live inside human beings. So my hundred might be different from your hundred or we might overlap by 20 or 30 or by 70 but with that number and the numbers of bugs with the exillians of bugs we have. Just imagine the differences just in who's there and what they could potentially do. That is an excellent point and frankly that from my opinion again I don't have evidence to support that this but I think that that's what makes the human body so adaptable to different dietary choices. I don't know if you've seen some of the there was early work looking at the extraction of a largely plant-based ice some of these bugs generating essential amino acids. Yeah I think you're absolutely right that this is again a problem that the field has that nobody's willing to admit. It's very complicated with that. We don't have we don't have an answer for this you know I think I said to you earlier that I'm a lot less certain about any nutritional endpoint than I was when I was doing this for five or ten or 15 years. Was there a moment that changed it for you? There certainly was a moment in my decision to no longer accept observational studies as being really important. Tell me. Well this was the 2009 the NIH A-H-A-A-R-P study, American Associate for Retired Persons, more than a half a million people, more than 70,000 deaths recorded. And the population was divided into men and women into red meat eaters and white meat eaters by into five different levels of intake. So there were tables and tables that you had to wait through and I basically summarized these in a couple of publications and put it into a graph that made it easy to interpret it. So it's not exactly matching the average in the tables but it's very close. And the red meat eaters all had significantly increased. Deaths from heart disease, total mortality, deaths from cancer, deaths from accidents and deaths from all other causes. The white meat eaters had significantly reduced deaths from everything on that list except heart disease. So again it's the confounders. We need a lot better measures of the confounders and the willingness for nutrition researchers to admit that we have to measure these things and quantify them. And that takes a lot of questionnaires that takes a lot of staff support and makes the data more difficult to interpret because it's now complicated by all these factors. And everybody agrees that we have to measure sex and age. Those are sort of the basic things in epidemiology and we've gotten to the point where we all measure body mass index and try to adjust for that. But if we're adjusting for body mass index, how does that play into exercise? How does that play into cigarette smoking? They're all related to body mass index positively or negatively. So if these confounders are correlated, then how do you treat those statistically? It's a really complex problem. And in the area of food intake, red meat in particular, we dichotomize the intake into stepwise patterns of intake. And so this NIH ARP study had five levels of intake. But meat is not a stepwise intake. You don't say, okay, today I'm having 50 grams tomorrow I'll have 20 grams. The next day I can have 70 grams. That's not the way it works. And so that's a meaningless distinction and would only be meaningful if there was truly a biologically meaningful endpoint that differentiated 50 for 100 grams of meat intake. I see. So the example to that would be that we could, this is probably not a meaningful end point. But the example to that would be the, I don't know, anabolic response shows that, you know, from 50 to 100 or something like that. And then that would translate to making this up, you know, one pound of muscle or something. Absolutely. Is that how you would think about it? Yeah, that's right. But none of the short-term markets translate for chronic disease risk. I mean, this is really in my estimation, the Achilles heel of nutrition research that we don't have intermediate biomarkers for anything in cancer. The only thing that the FDA accepts is colon polyps as an indicator for risk of colon cancer. That really complicates everything. Yes. Do you, I mean, what would a meaningful end point be? It wouldn't even be HSCRP in inflammatory market because it's not a, you know, it's a marker. Right. Exactly. It's not specific. It's inflammation is a risk factor that CRP is elevated in people who are obese. But it's in increased in people who have infections. You know, that's the thing that in obesity CRP might go up 50%. You know, if you have cancer, it might go up 75% 100%. You know, if you have an fluency, it's going up like 400fold. Would you say body fat, percentage or muscle would be some kind of meaningful end point? It's tricky because how are we define an endpoint? I mean, obviously death is an endpoint. But how, how do we differ a lot of I'm not sure. There are a lot of biotech companies that are looking for circulating plasma markers for cancer end points in particular. You know, they they're trying to come up with a blood test that will diagnose 10 or 90 different kinds of cancer in advance of getting advanced cancer. Yeah, we actually do in our clinic we do. It's called the Grail Tastor the Gallery. And that looks at 60 plus DNA methylation markers. It's it's very fascinating. I have a final question for you. I certainly could sit and talk with you for a very long time. And we're going to link some of your work and your papers and I really strut are you on your own acts, right? No, I'm not. I left when a certain business man bought it. So you won't be able to find Dr. Clairfeld. Are you on any social media? No, I'm the world's biggest introverts. I did your own great for being. Really? I think you're doing great for an introvert. Well, thank you. The agency that I was part of actually was a strong believer in the personality indexes. And so I actually scored the highest on the introvert scale of anybody in the history of ever. In that agency. And so I always knew I was an introvert. So now I'm just to find and sing Lemialon. Okay, fair enough. But you have again hundreds of publications that I'm going to link a few of my favorite. This final question is really just curiosity. You have had a decade long career, 50, 50 some years in science and government. What has been the impact for you again about going against the grain? So to speak. Well, it hasn't been good for my career. I'll tell you that. I mean, I've had a wonderful career. I've been acknowledged by a number of organizations with various awards. I've had grants from NIH from the American Cancer Society. But I've got on review panels. I'm not bragging about all that stuff. Let me brag about you. You again, you are, which is I would argue that we only select the finest scientists and the people that I think really contribute because the world needs to hear you. Well, thank you. And yeah, so you don't have to to brag or say any of those things are true. But I believe among the movers and shakers in the nutrition field, I'm not taking seriously. I'm one of those contrary naysayers. And in fact, the fellow that I was in my postdoctoral mentor fit the same old. And he was really prominent in the nutrition business. But also didn't always get invited back. You know, I remember being invited to the American Heart Association to speak and they paid my way in the mid 1980s. And I said, well, dietary cholesterol is not really important for changing your serum cholesterol. And if looks good kill, I would have been dead on the spot. And I was never invited back. I have to tell you something you might not like this because you might have to change your introverted nature. But I believe quite the contrary. I would say among your peers you are very well respected and have done a tremendous amount of work. So again, that might not be good news to you because you might be getting calls for interviews and things of that nature. But really you have been very courageous and tremendous in the work that you've done and I am extraordinarily grateful and so grateful that you agreed to come on the show and really really well done. Oh, thank you very much. If today's conversation gave you a new perspective on food, nutrition science or how we shape public health policy, consider sharing it with someone who values evidence over headlines. And if you are hungry, keep learning alongside us, be sure to follow the show.