One medicine is in the business of saving lives, and the other business is improving the quality of life. You're right. People don't talk about sexual health. We talk about muscle health. We talk about exercise. 40% of men suffer from the ED at 40 years of age. 50% at 50%, 60% at 60%, 70% at 70%, 100 at 100. You live long enough. ED is one effect most men. 43% of women over the age of 50 will have some degree of female sexual dysfunction. I don't want to take a drug. I don't take a pill. What can I do naturally to improve my sexual function? The more severe ED had, the greater the improvements you would see in sexual function just by exercise alone. So I can't stress the importance of diet exercise sleep and stress reduction. I call those the four pillars. Realize it healthier people tend to be more sexually active. Dr. Mohit Kerala, thank you so much for coming on the show. I am honored to be able to sit with you. You are arguably the world leading expert on testosterone and and neurology. Truly a pleasure. Great to have you. Thank you. Tell me about what inspired you to be doing what you're doing. And just to lay the foundation for people. You have published over 200 scientific papers. If not more, you are really leading the charge and transforming the way that we think about sexual medicine, the way we think about endrology. You are an absolute maverick. How did you get here? First of all, you're too kind. But the reality is this, I look at two types of medicine. One medicine is in the business of saving lives. And the other business is improving the quality of life. So what I do is improving the quality of life. You know, patients come to me many are depressed, they're anxious. You know, sexual dysfunction is not commonly discussed, but many, many people suffer from this condition. And they don't want to talk about it. So what we do is we try to improve the quality of life. And you're right. People don't talk about sexual health. We talk about muscle health. We talk about exercise. We talk about cholesterol. Do you think that the reason that we don't is because people are embarrassed or it's a stigma or is it the thing that really impacts them so much that maybe they're shame around it? There's a huge stigma around it. And many patients are very embarrassed to discuss this. I want to give you just an example. There was a survey that came out two years ago. It was given to over 1500 patients. And what they found in the survey was that 69% of patients said, they don't even know where to get sexual medicine health care. They have no idea. What was really surprising about this is that roughly 50-1% of those patients ever discusses with their provider. And less than half of the patients ever discussed it with their partner. So I think about this. They're embarrassed. So I call this suffering in silence. They don't want to discuss it. Majority of patients who suffer from sexual dysfunction don't talk about it. And it's a major concern. When I think about overall health and wellness, I think it's important to define sexual medicine. What is sexual medicine? What is anthropology? We're going to talk all about hormone development. We're definitely going to talk about hormones. Everybody wants to know about testosterone for men and women. But what are some of the definitions that we can start off with of understanding? There's so many components of sexual dysfunction. I'll give you some examples. First, you can think of erectile dysfunction, which is the most common. We can think of the low libido. Don't forget that we have sexual dysfunction in men and women. It's different, right? So many men and women can suffer from HSDD, hyperactive sexual desire disorder. Parones disease, which is an abnormal curvature of the penis when the penis is erect, 9% of all men suffer from parones disease. That's a lie. Pretty significant. In fact, if you look at the statistics for erectile dysfunction, 40% of men suffer from ED at 40 years of age. 50% at 50%, 60% at 60%, 70% at 100%. You live long enough. ED is going to affect most men. So it's a very, very prominent common condition, but we don't talk about it. Other conditions, premature ejaculation. It's at 30% of men. The 30% of men suffer from that condition. Right? So low testosterone. We know that low roughly 52% of men over the age of 40 will have low testosterone. And many of these men will suffer from the signs of symptoms. 52% let's pause. Yes. 52% of men will suffer from low testosterone. 40% of men by 40 years old have some kind of erectile dysfunction. Absolutely. Now, let's talk about that low testosterone for a second. Just because you have low testosterone doesn't mean you're a candidate for therapy, unless you have symptoms. So you have to have signs and symptoms and a low testosterone level. Now, if you look at how many men have signs and symptoms and a low testosterone level, that number drops about 8% almost up to 10% under over the age of 50. That's still a significant number of patients who suffer from this condition. We don't talk about it. And when you think about for women, what are the numbers for women? 43% of women over the age of 50 will have some degree of female sexual dysfunction. Now, when you talk about female sexual dysfunction, there are four components. So let's talk about them. Low libido, a rousal, which means blood flow to the genitalia or the breast, or gasmic disorder and pain. So 43% of women, that's significant. Now, the key thing about female sexual dysfunction is that she has to have one of those components and she has to be bothered by it. Let's say a woman comes in and she says, I have a little bit of a better, but she doesn't have FSD. So she has to have signs and symptoms and she has to be bothered by the condition. 43% of women, now realize that other 43% of women that suffer from this condition, only 9% of those women seek therapy. And in those cases, the remainder just suffer in silence. And how long have you been in practice? So I've been practicing now for 17 years. 18 years. And you did something before? Yes. So before I was an analyst, I did my MBA. I was a healthcare analyst for two years in Boston. And I didn't like it. I just didn't like it. I just felt like, you know, every day it was just a presentation and meetings. And I just felt like it just didn't feel like I was making a difference. So I went back and took some more pre-workers at classes in medical school from Med School. My wife was in Boston at the time and she was going to medical school. So I loved what she was doing. And applied and came back to the University of Texas and finished my medical school. This episode is brought to you by Maui Nui Venison. Maui Nui Venison is one of the best finest tasting red meats on the planet. Maui Nui Venison is a mission-based food company. We love it. My kids love it, especially their little jerkeys. By the way, not only do they use them as swords, but as snacks and listen. That is a hard sell. Getting your kids to eat healthy. Maui Nui Venison does an amazing job. It is high in protein and low in fat, which again, depending on your macros, is amazing. And high in B vitamins, iron, all of the micro nutrients, vitamins and minerals that we need. Not only that, you don't have to go anywhere. It will come straight to your door. That's right. Go to MauiNuiVenison.com. For your first order, you will get 20% off. Amazing. Who doesn't like to save money. And the product is extraordinary. Go to MauiNuiVenison.com slash lion or not that kind, L.Y.O.N. And try it. You will love it back to the episode. How did you decide on yourology? For those listening, yourology is a combination of surgery. Really, you can do anything. I think yourology is one of the most important specialties that we have. It's somewhat of a gentle lens or gentle woman's. Or whatever you want to say. Specialty, you do surgical procedures. And you take care of lifestyle. So hands down, there is not a better specialty than yourology, not one. Yourology, not only is taking care of patients medically, but when they need surgery, you are also the surgeon. It's one of those very few specialties where you get to do both. So I don't send out surgical cases. I do my own surgical cases. And remember, when the business, when you look at yourology, the best specialty in yourology is sexual medicine. Five-far. I know. You are consuming the quality of life and many patients don't know where to see care, but hands down by for the best specialty. And you're not biased. I'm not biased, but it's incredible. And how would one define endrology? So it's really the study of testosterone and endrogens and the effect those have on the body. So, you know, endrology is a subset of sexual medicine. So sexual medicine could be erectile dysfunction, because it's a pre-mature ejaculation. There are many conditions. And neurology is a subset because it affects many of those conditions. But mainly the study of testosterone and how to fix the body. That's fascinating. And have you seen the landscape change? Because we're hearing a lot more about hormone replacement, testosterone, not so much sexual health. But over the last 17 years, have you seen changes in the field? Absolutely. There's more discussion. So we're much more open to talk about sexual dysfunction, like we're doing today. We don't see that in 15 years ago. And the reality is that patients now demand it. They're saying, look, I want a better quality of life. I want to have a better quality of life and sexual dysfunction now is become more and more important. Now, we do see a lot of clinics that are popped up, that are offering therapy, and that's fine. That's just a testament to the fact that more people are demanding care. But patients now want to have a better quality of life and sexual medicine is one way to improve their quality of life. Do you feel that there are still a lot of misconceptions out there about, for example, you've really led the way, the site, the idea of for many people they believe that testosterone causes, for example, prostate cancer. People also believe that testosterone is dangerous and could cause cardiovascular disease. What I think is fascinating about your work and you've done work in multiple domains in sexual medicine and and in neurologies, you've really challenged some of these beliefs. And I'd love for you to speak on that because medicine is interesting. We get an idea in our head, I see we, the collective, medical societies. And then we execute on that without challenging the underlying science, just like the women's health initiative. Yeah, so there's so much to talk about about testosterone. And I think you'll let's talk about prostate cancer in 1941. Huggins and Hodges said that testosterone actually can increase the risk of prostate cancer. And from that date from 41 for decades, we believe that testosterone increases the risk of prostate cancer. It wasn't till the A-U-A guidelines came out in 2018 and said, look, testosterone does not increase the risk of prostate cancer. That was a strong recommendation. So that's important. So we used to believe there are many years. But the paradigm is completely shifted. If you look now at how we use testosterone, there's now data to suggest that if you can give men testosterone and normalize their testosterone, their risk of prostate cancer may be reduced. In fact, men with lower testosterone levels may have a higher risk of prostate cancer. And there's a wonderful study that came out in 2015 out of Hopkins. Do you know how they treat men with metastatic prostate cancer? They give them high doses of testosterone. This is called bat bipolar, androgen therapy. And what this high dose of testosterone does, it tricks the prostate from becoming insensitive to sensitive. Right? So who would have thought decades ago, I'm going to use high doses of testosterone to treat men with metastatic prostate cancer. But it's very clever as you increase the dose of testosterone and then bring it back down, which you do as you trick the cancer from becoming insensitive to sensitive. And in one of the studies, you see a 50% reduction in the PSA, 50% reduction in metastatic disease, unheard of to give men high doses of testosterone with metastatic disease. So the paradigm is shifting completely. And how we think about testosterone and its true effects on prostate cancer. Now let's be fair. We don't have a large randomized placebo control trial, saying yet that testosterone is safe in men with prostate cancer. And that's why the guidelines say, you know, we don't, it's the risk benefit ratio is not been established. But it's interesting, treating men with metastatic prostate cancer with testosterone. Amazing. It changes everything. Yeah. In your practice, what are some of the most frequent disease disease processes complaints that you encounter in both men and women? I see so many men and women for sexual dysfunction. So when I see men for sexual dysfunction, I see a lot of men for erectile dysfunction. So that's a very common condition. And how would that be defined? So it's inability to obtain or maintain an erection. So inability to obtain or maintain. That's the easiest way to define it. Some men can obtain the erection. They can't maintain the erection. And the statistics are very similar to when I told you about low testosterone. 50% of men know these 50, 60% over 60 same numbers. It's amazing how many men suffer from this condition. And we don't talk about it. So erectile dysfunction is a very common condition. Pre-mature ejaculation. So, you know, 30% of men will suffer from some degree of premature ejaculation, which can be very bothersome to the relationship. The average man will ejaculate within seven minutes. Pre-mature ejaculation will be less than one minute. Right? And there's a discrepancy. You know, so it's very important to realize that men and women premature ejaculation can have a big impact on their relationship. How about pronies disease? 79% of men suffer from this? And what is the cause of that? So we, I believe that so as men get older and as they sort of developing a mild erectile dysfunction, they start increasing the risk of having a buckling incident during sex. So let me give you an example. If a man has 100% rigid penis. He's fine. He's not going to injure himself. If he has a 50% rigid penis, he's not going to be able to penetrate in the first place. But he's in trouble when he has a 90% 80% 70% rigid penis because of what's going to happen is he's going to penetrate and he's going to buckle and injure the penile tissue. And when he injures the penile tissue, what happens is you develop a scar. Now, the best way I want you to think about this is if you have a balloon. And if I put a piece of duct tape on that balloon and I blow that balloon up, what do you think is going to happen? It's going to curve in the direction of the duct tape. That's exactly what happens in terms of coronases. In seven to nine percent of men in the world suffer from this condition. And these men tend to be more devastated. I mean, they are truly depressed when you look at them psychologically to have this kind of curvature. And when the curvature is greater than 60 degrees, they can't penetrate. So it's very devastating. Yeah. And then for women when you see women on the flip side, what are their most common commonplace? The most common complaint I see is low libido, right? So many of these women have low libido, but it can be multifactorial. So you can't just say, hey, give them testosterone in the world is great. I mean, there's many things. It's a stress. It's a relationship with a partner. I mean, there's a her medical condition. So you have to take into account everything for her low libido. Many women suffer from pain with intercourse dysperonia, right? So we talked about that earlier. Many women just have four or a rousal decreased blood flow to the genitalia. And they have orgasmic dysfunction, inability of pain and orgasm. So you really have to do a deep dive and figure out what is the actual cause. I firmly believe that lifestyle modification for men and women does help with sexual dysfunction. And I will repeat that over and over again, the four pillars are your diets. Diet exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. Diet exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. Significantly help. Losexual function and men and women. There's something very interesting between the difference between men and women. If you look at a man typically, a man typically has sex to reduce stress. He has a very stressful day. He comes home. He just wants to have sex to reduce stress. In women, it's the opposite. She has to reduce her stress. I want to say something. Right, it's a 180. So if I tell a man if you want to have a better sex life with your partner, reduce her stress. Do the dishes. No, seriously. I've never used the stress. If you can reduce her stress, you're more likely to engage in sexual activity for him. It is for sex to reduce the stress. I can see where that would create relationship issues. And probably one would have to treat both parties as opposed to treating one party. You nailed it. It is a couple's disease. When I started my practice in 2007, I was so proud of myself. I was able to get these men, these amazing erections, amazing libido. Everything was great. They'd go home and they'd have no no sex with. In fact, the women were very upset. They said, look, we haven't had sex in 10 years. And now he wants to have sex all the time. It's ruining our relationship. Right? And I thought to myself, they're right. I mean, the reality is that you can't raise one libido without raising the other. Or you're going to set up for conflict. Right? So if you're going to raise one libido, raise the other. So very quickly, I started getting into the field of female sexual dysfunction. I said to myself, if I'm going to treat the men, I'm also going to treat the women. And raise the libidos together. Raise the sexual function together. Otherwise, it's a set up for conflict. You have been saving marriages for decades now, which is incredible. Let's talk a little bit about hypogoranatism. Yes. And the signs and the symptoms, the definitions and how one would go about treating that. And what is the evidence show? Let's go back to like the basic signs. Just the basics. Remember that testosterone in men, 90% of testosterone in men is made from the testicles. 10% is made from the adrenal glands. Women are a little bit different. If 50% from the ovaries, 50% from the adrenal's. Now, there's a signal from the brain. And that signal is called LH, which goes to the testicles and says, Come on, let's make testosterone. It's like the gas, right? So if someone has low testosterone, there's only two areas the problem can be from the brain or from the testicles. Either the testicles are not producing or the brain is not producing. One or the other. So my job is to figure out where is it coming from. Number one. Secondly, you want to be able to treat them. And you want to understand that giving men testosterone can make them infertile. So many patients who go to these clinics that are 32 years old and they take the testosterone. They come to me and say, no one told me I can become infertile. Now I want to have a child. A little bit of an issue. Now we can reverse it, right? But the reality is if you're thinking about taking testosterone and you're playing on having a child, hold off. You can use medications to make you make testosterone. That's safe. I can use off-label, clomophine, citrate. I can use HCG. I can use things to make you make testosterone. But do not give a young man testosterone if he's planning to conceive. And make sure he's fully aware that if he does take testosterone, it will shut down. His natural production. Right? So I think that's very important to have those discussions with the patients. But testosterone, again, is not only for men. It's also for women. I use a lot of testosterone and women. And they also benefit equally as well as men. And I would say for libido, women benefit more from testosterone than men do. And with the men when you start them on HCG or inclomophine or clomid, do you expect to get a certain percentage rise in free testosterone? If you say, I'm going to give you 3,000 I use of HCG a week. I expect your testosterone free and total. I don't know the percentage that it is, is to go up by 300 points. Is there some kind of expectation that you have? Yes. So remember this, when you're using medications to raise a man's natural testosterone, you are dependent on his ability to do it. Some men can, some men cannot. As they age, they're less likely to. So I tell the residents, it's like putting fuel in the car. You can put all the, you want the car will only go as fast as it can. Right? So the younger men tend to respond better. So typically what we do is we use HCG or clomophine citrate. But at some point, at some point, the body says, I can't do it anymore. I can't make any more testosterone. But younger men tend to respond. I like to use clomophine citrate. It's off-label. It's used for women for fertility. But what it will do is it goes to the brain. Increases something called LH and FSH. That goes to the testicles. And the man can start producing his own testosterone. Now, there's, I'm a little bias. I believe that clomid can do something called the discrepancy effect. 40% of men in my opinion, roughly, will have an increased number in their testosterone. But they don't feel it. They say, doc, I know my number went to 800, but I don't feel it. And there's a reason for that. The way clomid works, it blocks estrogen receptors in the brain. And men need estrogen for libido. So they have a bunch of estrogen sitting around. They can't see it. You take that same man and put him on testosterone. He'll say, okay, now my libido's back. So some men who take clomid will not feel that improvement in libido. HCG doesn't depend on the brain. And it goes straight to the testicles and starts producing testosterone. The problem with HCG, it's pricey. It's an injection. It's invasive and it's pricey. But it works. I'd like to thank one of our sponsors, Kozy Earth, Nullison. I love Kozy Earth. Here's why. Number one, Kozy Earth makes amazing sheets. And by the way, you want to transform your day, then you better have a good night's sleep. And we know that the bedroom is not just for, well, you know, sleep. I'm sure that's what you're thinking. Kozy Earth makes incredible, incredible sheets. They are temperature regulating if you've never tried Kozy Earth. You should. And by the way, my listeners get 40% off, which is basically free. Go to cozyEarth.com. And you can use the code, Dr. Lyon, for 40% off. But wait, not only do we use Kozy Earth sheets, which I have been using for years before they were even interested in sponsoring the podcast of things guys. Um, Kozy Earth sheets, they have towels amazing. Makes you just want to, I guess, kind of be naked in a towel. They also have pajamas. And they have blankets. So you cannot go wrong. In fact, your whole house should be outfitted in Kozy Earth. Everything. Good at KozyEarth.com and use the code, Dr. Lyon, for 40% off. And prior to making the decision of putting someone on, Clement or HCG, do you look at, do you like their LH and FSH numbers in a particular range before you say, okay, this person is going to be a responder. So for example, the people listening, blood work is now highly accessible. To individuals and maybe they'll go on inside tracker or maybe they'll go on. Some way to get their blood work this direct to consumer. Could they, and also we have lots of physicians and healthcare providers listening say, okay, well, the LH and FSH are three or under three versus say 10. How do you decide? Great question. So remember, as the testicle start to fail, your LH and FSH go up. Right. So the higher the LH and FSH, the less functioning the testicles are. LH is a good marker of the testosterone production. FSH is a good marker of your sperm production, right? So in men. So as I go up, this less functional. So in men, if the LH and FSH are high, typically H, C, G and Clome would will not work, right? And the number you want to think about is 7.6. It's a good number to be shown that that's kind of the cut off. So if his FSH and LH are 10, 15, probably not going to work the best. It may have some mild benefit, but not really worked that well at all. So in those cases, what you want to consider is a third medication. Again, off label, it's called an astrosol or RIMITX. It's been used typically from women with breast cancer. And what it does is it blocks the conversion from testosterone into estrogen, right? So essentially instead of baking the man, make more testosterone, you're preventing him from losing what he's got, right? And so we use a lot of RIMITX or an astrosol in those men who have elevated LH and FSH. So it's important, you're right. Look at the LH and FSH. If it's high, giving them more H, C, G or a Clome would probably not work. If it's below, it will work. And we typically use Clome at off label. You do. And when you start with an astrosol, the dosing is relatively low. We very low. Very low. About it's different than what people think or a lot of the TRT clinics are giving individuals one milligram three times a week. It has negative effects on both density. You nailed it. So this is an important, I used to think that testosterone was the key driver for libido and sexual function. But there are many studies that have shown that it actually is the estrodyle. It's the conversion from testosterone into estrogen, which gives that man that libido and improvement into sexual function. This was the THINKLSTAN study. And so what we know now is if you block a lot of the estrogen, these men will complain of libido. So I called the sweet spot. You don't want the estrogen to high, but you don't want the estrogen to low. I personally like to keep it between 30 and 50 in the sweet spot. So when I first started my practice, I thought estrogen was for women. Testosins for men. I'm going to give them a lot of an astrosol and shut them down. And it was a big mistake. Right? And now what we do is we manage it. We give a half a milligrams one. So we just enough to get them from high back into the normal range. And that works really, really well. So getting those men in the normal estrogen level is very important. Estrogen is extremely important for men. It's not just for women. It's extremely important for men, particularly when it comes to sexual function. It's a very important. That's relatively unknown. Individuals listening probably have never thought about astroviall. For men for sexual function. You'd mention it. You really like to see the range between 30 and 50. Is there any evidence that above 50 would be a problem? But I think that there can be an adverse. The main one is gynecumastia. Right? So as the estradiol level goes up, men can get breast tenderness. And I've seen personally that I see men typically getting it's a mood LaBillity as well when the estrogen goes up so high. So what's the point of keeping the estrogen so high? Why do I need, I have a beautiful wonderful medications that can bring them back into the normal range. My only request is not to shut them down. Because in the old days we said, just give them a milligrams a day. The reality is they do need it. So if someone's high, just bring them back to normal, but don't shut them down. We also need it for bone mineral density. So men also can get osteopeenia osteoporosis and taking away their estrogen, particularly for two years a longer, can result in osteopeenia osteopeenia osteoporosis. That's really important when you think about, again, what you talk about, these overall pillars of health and these lifestyle factors. When you are replacing testosterone. So typically when they're young, you don't like to do it. But people that want to have children fertility issues. Again, you said that a community reverse over time I know that I've read many of your papers that there's a certain strategy. Start them on, HCG. To help and then if that doesn't work, you would consider also adding in chromed. I am curious about the dosing of chromed. And we're talking about chromed, is there a place also for in chromed, right? And how do we dose chromed people ask, can you be on it for five years at a time? So chromed is dose, I dose it every other day. And the reason I dose it every other day is because if I dose it every day, seven percent of patients will become resistant to the drug. We call that tackyphylaxis. It's roughly seven percent. We don't see tackyphylaxis on chromed if you dose it every other day. Enclomethene is not FDA approved. So never made it through the FDA. But if you think about chromed, it has something called a cis and a trans isomer. cis and trans isomer. And the trans isomer alone is chromethene, right? So, the chromed has cis, isomer and trans isomer. Enclomethene has just the trans isomer. It's a shorter half-life. And we did a recent publication and abstract that we presented, showing that patients typically have less side effects. And they may have more benefit with the Enclomethene. But still not FDA approved. It's compounded typically. But chromed is readily available. It's a fertility drug for women that we use off-label in men. And the dosing, again, is every other day. But chromed as I mentioned, can have that negative effect. Where some men will come back to me and say, I have no desire for sex. I have a low libido. And I know my number says 800, but I just don't feel it. So I explained to patients before I give them the medication. Okay, you may have this effect. If you do, we'll switch it to HCG. But if you don't, great. It's cheap. It's effective. And it's commonly used. And it can be used every other day. Do you start them at 25? Just start them at 50? How would a provider or a person listening go and speak with their provider about that? Yeah, so I typically do 50 milligrams every other day. Now some patients say, look, doc, I can't remember every other day. Sometimes I do one day. I forget the other day. I say fine. I take 25 milligrams a day, which is half a pill. And you may become resistant 7% chance. 93% chance you won't, but if you get the 7% we'll deal with it. You know, but again, it's a reality. You can become resistant to the drug. So we try to do it every other day. And how long could someone stay on that if they're getting good benefits? Great question. So you can be as long as your testicles can produce. You can be on it, right? So at some point, so the testicles tend to atrophy. We undergo apoptosis. We undergo apoptosis. We undergo apoptosis. So the long you live this greater cell death than the testicles. Eventually they will stop producing. And your testicles will say, I don't care how much clomid you give me. I'm done. I'm out. I'm out. Right? At that point, you make the switch over to testosterone. Now typically though, if the patient is not interested in fertility and they're a little bit older, it makes more sense for me to start the monotestosterone supplementation. Because I think they tend to feel better on exogenous testosterone and it's a lot cheaper. A lot cheaper. And there are different forms of testosterone. There is now an oral form. I'd love for you to break down testosterone replacement and the forms. Yes. So there are so many different. When I first started, there's essentially gels and injections and patches. We don't use patches anymore. I mean, like there's patches. Yeah, patches. And there's one patch that was actually placed on the scrotum. We better now than those android germ not commonly used because 37% of patients. We get a very bad skin reaction. You have to take the patch off every day. Now the gels are very commonly used. But the problem with the gels is that they're dependent on skin penetration. So let's say I put a gel on your body and you get zero skin penetration. You get nothing. Let's say you get 10%. That's great. If someone gets 80%, that's even better. You get a lot of different types of skin. So there's numerous other injectables or very popular. And before you move on, the gels, the, so someone would not be able to know going in. Is it based on skin type? Right. So everyone's skin's different. And some patients skin has better penetration than others. But one important thing about the gel, you mentioned that you bring up. You can get transference. Right. If you have a baby at home or pregnant wife, you do not want to prescribe. A gel to that patient because of the risk of transference. So I think you got to be very careful. But because of the variable absorption, the poor penetration in many cases, most patients, as long as they're not needle phobic, like the injectors. Because you can do them sub cue. Now they are the ones you get like testosterone, Nante andcipientate are off label sub cue. But they meant to be intermuscular. But there was a medication called a ziastead. They came out several years ago. And ziastead essentially is just a spring with testosterone nanteed in it. And it meant to be sub cue. And typically when you inject someone sub cue, you can use less testosterone. About 20% less. You know. So if I have to use 100 milligrams, I am in a patient. I can use 80 milligrams sub cue. The starting dose for the ziastead, the sub cue testosterone nanteed, is 75 milligrams. So testosterone injectables are great. There's a long acting injectables. We have in the United States. We have a V, which is a 10 week long acting injectable. But most people like the short acting because they're cheap, because you can get it from a compound pharmacy. And you can get sipping it or nanteed at the most common. Now I tell the residents, how do you know between sipping it and nanteed? How do you know which one to use? I say think of C for child E for elderly, right? And kind of use the number 50 to 60 years of age. Because if you sipping it has more sodium retention, it's more anabolic. So you get more swelling and it's slightly longer half life. And nanteed is less anabolic and less sodium retention. So I typically, if I give a 75 year old man some sipping it, he's going to make it from swelling in his feet more and deeper. So I try to give the older patients nanteed, the younger patients sipping it. But these two medications are fantastic. And quite frankly, you can use them interchangeably slightly because the half life will tilt the same. If you run out of a nanteed for someone young and you can use sipping it. But very effective, very cheap if you get a mcompany form of sipping it. And we have our patients inject sub Q. I think sub Q works for better. And I think they should inject twice a week and I have them inject on Sunday and Thursday. And the reason being is because they peak in 24 hours. So if you inject Sunday, you're ready for Monday. If you inject Thursday, you're ready for the weekend, right? So I do half dose, I split it. Otherwise I have these huge peaks and troughs. If I don't split it and I just like to have them much smoother graph. When you do sub Q, does that change the conversion to estrogen is your less estrogen conversion or ester dial conversion is there. Are there other mechanisms that make the person be able to use less? The absorption is better. There's no the only key thing is we can use less testosterone. But there's no other kinds of conversion. Remember the most of the conversions when you see on the skin, right? But this is beyond the skin you're going into the fat. But we feel that I've seen that better absorption of the medication. It doesn't matter if it's an antate or sipping a better absorption systemically when you use it sub Q. So that's why you use less dose. And that's why the starting dose for desired stead is 75 milligrams where most people are taking a hundred milligrams. I am that little conversion. So if you're using sub Q, just remember you're going to get better levels. And you may need to go down a little bit on the dose to compensate patients' love sub Q much better than I am. It's easy. You know, if you're not using the ziostat, which is an auto injector, you can draw it up yourself. Yeah. You can inject sub Q. And you can do it Sunday Thursday. Very, very effective. Very cheap. And very patient for very happy. And what percent just in general, what percent of testosterone gets conferred. So for example, if someone comes in and their testosterone is 300, they feel like crap. Their free testosterone is low. Do you say, well, I'm going to start you on 150 milligrams. I expect your testosterone to bump up to X and I don't know. 0.6 percent will be converted to ester dial. Yeah. So this is the way you want to think about everyone's different. But if you look at testosterone, 0.3 percent, 0.3 percent is converted into estrogen. 6 to 8 percent is converted into dihydrotestosterone. So those are the numbers you want to remember. Now it can vary because obesity fat cells contain a substance called aromatase. And aromatase eats the testosterone and converts into estrogen. So in patients who are obese, they tend to have more conversion into ester dial. But the good way to think about is 0.3 percent for estrogen. 6 to 8 percent for dihydrotestosterone. Now what's the problem with that conversion? If you have too much estrogen, you can get gynecumastia. Right? And I also believe that patients have too much estrogen. You can get some mood, mobility as well. If you have too much dihydrotestosterone, you can get milk powder and balding, baldness. So men and women. For men and women. So how do the drugs work like propcia and these medications? They block the conversion from testosterone to dihydrotestosterone. I'm not a big fan of these. I'm going to say propcia. I do not believe the use of men and women should use this medication. I think it has significant negative side effects and some can be permanent. But that's how it works. So essentially, if you have a patient who's getting too much estrogen, what you can do is you can put them on a low dose anastoresol, estrogen blocker. And when you block that conversion, estrogen comes down and their testosterone goes up. So you can work around it. But I think it's very important to follow the testosterone and endosterodial and DHC in these patients. And is there a number of DHT that you like to say? Well, I try not to shut it down. I try not to mess with their DHT at all. You know, I really feel that the what I've seen with irreversible sexual dysfunction, suicidal ideations, terrible side effects, with setting the DHT down. I don't believe in doing that. So I will not prescribe medications that shut down DHT. Which would be a patient and that's right. And I will not. So, but I'll do a work around. And so, there are medications that patients will go for a hair transplant or they may look it because the main thing is hair loss, right? Right. That's the main thing. That's what they worry about. Just had a conversation with a woman who heard testosterone was low. Yeah. But she really struggled with hair loss. Yeah. And she wants to go on testosterone. She needs testosterone. Yeah. And she's already on oral monoxidil things, you know, looking at her copper. Yeah. What would you do in this situation like that? So oral monoxidil is very good. You can use a 1.25 milligrams to put on these are off label. Yep. But it does help. Remember that you just tell the patient when you use oral monoxidil, you're going to lose some hair first. And then it's going to come back. Right. There'll be a dip. The second thing you want to let them know is that you can use topical monoxidil also. It does not have the oral. That can be very helpful. But I really do not want to give them medications that will mess with their androgens orally, particularly like propisa. I just feel like it can have a negative adverse effect. Look, I'll just tell you. So we did a study. I got looking at propisa in men. They effects of something called post-finass ride syndrome. And in my study, there were 25 men that came to me from all over the world. They came from South Africa, Scotland, everywhere to be in my trial. When they took the finass ride, they had negative adverse events, not only sexual dysfunction, but they also had depression, low libido, poor cognition. And in my trial, during my trial, two patients committed suicide. Oh my gosh. Because it's increased suicidal ideation. And so I am very over to giving patients finass ride. I just feel like because remember, in medical school, we were taught that testosterone and the medications block the conversion from testosterone to five out of a negative effect and it blocks the conversion to DHT. But we weren't taught about the other 12 pathways. We were taught about that one little pathway to testosterone DHT. You give a finass ride, it blocks the conversion. But the other pathways are extremely important because they block the conversion to what we call neuro steroids in the brain and aliprogonalone, which are responsible for depression, anxiety. So some patients that are taking this will say, I have anxiety, depression, suicide ideation. Many countries have put on their package insert, increase suicide ideation if you take finass ride in the US we haven't yet. But there are many countries that already said that. So I think it's very important that patients know, finass ride can have a significant adverse effect mentally and with depression. That is really important. You guys, if you are taking for Pisa or finass ride, this might be something to really, obviously I'm not, we are not your physician, but really consider removing from your plan. There are better options. Yes. That's safe to say. For DHT, that is more antibiotic. Yes. It's more antibiotic and testosterone. It's really important. I'd like to take a moment to think one of our sponsors, fatty 15. Yeah, the name is a little weird, but it's exactly that. It's an essential nutrients. Fatiessids are critical and C15. I have to say I was very impressed with the founders. I met them at one of the nutrition conferences. And I learned all about fatty 15, which is why I'm excited to bring it to you. Here is what Fati15 does. It is very good for cells. Cells incorporate fatty acids. You want them pliable so they can move as opposed to stiff and exposed to oxidative stress, which happens in everyday life. Fati15 is research backed. It's good for mitochondria. It plays a different role than omega-3 fatty acids. And it doesn't go rancid. So you are taking an essential fatty acid and synahame fatty 15 in a way that it doesn't go back. It doesn't go bad in your body. And I think that that's really important. And most people are deficient in this essential nutrient. You can try yours by going to fatty15.com slash Dr. Lion. And no doubt you will get 15% off. Your first 90 day supply. That's fatty15.com slash Dr. Lion. Is there a number, a target number that you like to see for men? 80 or 100 or again very, very well. Yeah, it's 40 x. So like testosterone's DHC is 40 x, but I don't like shutting down their DHT for the men. And reason I mentioned with propitious. But do you want to hire? Is there a target? My target is typically on the T. I look at the T level. And the T level typically is 300 to 1,000. Now, if a man comes to me in some physician say, he's at 400. He's normal. That's not, it may not be normal for him. The reality is we did this wonderful study several years ago looking at something called the sensitivity of the energy receptors. These are called C.A.G. repeats. Right? So that's how my list. Yeah, that's right. So the higher the C.A.G. repeats or 27 or higher. If it the higher the C.A.G. repeats, the more insensitive the energy and receptor is. And we showed several years ago that those patients who have more insensitive receptors need more testosterone. Makes sense. If you have more sensitive receptors, you may need less testosterone. So how can you assume that every man the cutoff right now is 300. About 300 is normal. And it seems like it keeps getting lower. Well, in some cases, right? So it will talk about the every man. If you're above 300, you're normal. If you're below 300, you're not normal. That's not true. Every man has his own cutoff. Every woman has her own cutoff. So if the range is 300 to 1,000, what we found is if you put the patient in the upper quartile of normal. Then most of the patients have met their cutoff number. So if a patient comes back to you and his number is 450 or 500, and he says, Doctor, I still have symptoms. The response should not be. Well, you're in the normal range. So let's find out if something else is going on. The response should be. Let me raise your testosterone even more in the normal range. Because some patients will continue to see benefit. Right? That should be the response. And same with women as well. So I think it's very important to realize it's not one number if it's all. It's a range and you sometimes need to take patients into the upper quartile of that range to see symptomatic improvement. And if someone has a gag repeat and they're insensitive, they're hydrogen insensitive. Typically, providers will not go over 200 milligrams of testosterone weekly is there. But what I'm hearing you say is potentially people might need more, and they just don't feel it. Would that be reasonable to say? Absolutely. So some patients, we're all different. Genetically, we're all different. Some, you can't assume that everyone's going to feel great at a certain number. And certain patients will all, we all feel great. Maybe this gentleman over here needs an 800. Some men just need 400. And they feel great. And it gets a little deeper. You got to look at the free testosterone also because of the SHBG is elevated. And we should definitely talk about that. But it is not one number fits all. Right? Everyone is different. And every man and woman have their own cut off. And you just want to get them above their cut off in order for them to see symptomatic improvement. And I'm not saying you have to go sue superfluous, physiologic. But if someone doesn't feel it, if they have their very hydrogen insensitive. Yes. And you're on what we would consider the max dose of testosterone. Yes. So the max dose of testosterone. And correct me, according to the guidelines would be 200 people wouldn't go. Well, don't go along the dose, go on the number of their blood tests. Right? Because some patients I need to put them at 200 just to get them into the normal range. Like it just varies. Okay. So the some patients will need 250, 250, it varies. I'm mom looking at their blood tests. And I'm also looking at two other things. I'm looking at their risk of a rithorciosis. So if someone has too high of a red blood cell count, there is a theoretical cardiovascular risk. If it's above 54. Right? So testosterone increases the red blood cell count. Right? So for everybody, well, do some people respond differently. And there isn't a rithorciosis. Right. But it depends on the if formulation you use. So we publish a study looking at all different types of formulations. If you give someone an injectable in our study, it was 68% chance of having rithorciosis. If you gave someone in a pellet, it was 35% chance of getting rithorciosis. If you gave him a gel, it was 12% chance. So if a man comes in and he's saying, look, my red blood cell count keeps going up. What I have them do is I have them donate blood. That's one option. Or you can have them decrease the dose. Most of them don't want to decrease the dose. So we have them donate blood. And we typically have them donate one pint separated by a week to drop that blood count. Because most men don't want to stop the medication. But another option, another smord option is, okay. And then injectables have a 66% chance of rithorciosis. I was going to switch you to an oral. I drop it down to 5%. And he doesn't have to donate blood so often. Now some men don't like oral. They like the injectables in the way they feel. But it's that peaks and troughs that causes the increase. There is a theoretical increase cardiovascular risk. If someone gets above 54 on the blood count. So that's why we want to stay away from that. Now I just want to be fair. I want to stress theoretical. I'm not up to you until 2022. Before that year, there was not a single study to show that secondary arithosoitosis. Meaning if I give someone testosterone and their blood count goes up, there are a higher risk for getting a cardiovascular event. That was never shown. It was only shown in patients with polycythemia Vera, which is a blood cancer. Right. That shows if someone has polycythemia Vera and their blood count goes up, they're increased risk for having a cardiovascular event. That was never shown. Never shown with testosterone. There was one study at the University Miami and showed a 1% difference mild. But this was a database retrospective study saying that maybe there's increased risk. So just be very clear testosterone is theoretical risk if that blood count gets too high. But how do we reconcile that? Because again, you said it's a theoretical risk. When you administer testosterone depending, then the arithoricytosis would be something that we would expect. I think that there's the hematologists. I'm not sure that they, I think that they have guidelines that they are not necessarily concerned. I don't know if. To some degree, you know, they're all true. I think that you know, the numbers you want to remember is 54. Above 54, we ask our patients to donate. In fact, at 51, I ask my patients to donate blood because why am I waiting to the trouble number 54? Just preempt it, do it ahead of time. Right? And some guidelines will state that at 52 don't start the testosterone. So if the hematica is above 52, don't start. So we will live within the guidelines and that's fine. I'm happy to live within the guidelines. And the guidelines you feel, obviously they're important because they said the standard of care. They set the standard of care. And so what you can do is very simple. If you have someone on injectable and he's getting rid of the cytosis, switch him to an oral, switch him to a jail, maybe switch him to a pellet and it drops it or they can continue to donate. They can donate blood and keep their levels low. And some men are perfectly fine with that. Now remember this. Some patients, this is very important. Some patients that keep donating actually have underlying obstructive sleep app. They have obviously, and we catch it, right? Because it's manifesting now because they're taking testosterone. You send them for a sleep study. They have sleep apnea. You treat the sleep apnea. I guess what? It's not getting the rest of the cytosis with their injectables. Right? And so we can unmask a lot of sleep apnea just by putting these men on testosterone injectables. That's really important. I know that you really believe that sleep is important for overall health, cognitive function, sexual health. Do you think that there's a risk? Because they're in the guidelines that if an individual's a hematocrit goes up and we ask them to donate blood, it could probably, I mean, it does. It lowers their iron stores. And so again, we're, we're functioning within the guidelines. But do you think at some point that those guidelines are going to be re-evaluated? Well, they are. So one that's going to be re-evaluated is the cardiovascular risk. So the cardiovascular risk was in the guidelines and they were in the 2018 testosterone guidelines. But you should, I got to tell you a little bit of a story. So here's the story. I love a good story. I love a good story. For decades, for decades, we gave men testosterone. And the studies would show that men with low testosterone levels were much more like it had a heart attack. That's interesting. Molly Schuars in 2016. One of the first to show men with low testosterone were like the heart attack. Many prospective studies after that. And then there was this concept that maybe if you normalize a testosterone, it potentially could decrease the risk of heart attack. But in 2010 to 2014, there were four studies that came out saying that if you give men testosterone, you will increase the risk of having a heart attack. Three of those four studies were retrospective, non-randomized database studies. So some limitations. So the FDA in 2015 said, look, we want a well-designed trial to make sure that testosterone does not cause a heart attack. And in fact, we're going to put a warning in the package insert saying that it could increase the risk of cardiovascular events. And until you give us this trial, we're going to leave the warning there. So this trial was called the Traverse trial, an amazing trial. The largest randomized, perceived control trial in men looking at, does that? Five thousand. Fifty-two hundred men, big deal. Fifty-two hundred. It's a big deal. And we massive. And so I was one of the investigators in this trial. And basically help design this trial. And we basically not only looked at cardiovascular risk, but we decided if we're going to do this trial, we might as well look at other things as well. So we looked at the risk of prostate cancer or high-grade prostate cancer. And we looked at five other domains. We looked at risk of diabetes. We looked at bone fractures. We looked at sexual dysfunction. We looked at anemia in these trials as well. And so the, just the story was this, is that when we did this trial, 50 to 050 to 100 men randomized to testosterone gel or placebo. 45 to 80. That's all. 45 to 80. And that's all. Because it was a trial before this called the T trials. And the T trials only looked at men over the age of 65. But this trial looked at all men above and below 65 years of age. Where do they find no increased risk in cardiovascular events? That's really important. No increased risk. So this is a multi-center randomized control trial over 5,000 men between the age of 45 to 80. Yes. No increased risk of cardiovascular disease on testosterone. And we did something very interesting. We only selected patients who were high risk. I know. It's an extraordinary study. We'll link it extraordinary. Yeah. Think about it. In order to be in this trial, you either had to have cardiovascular disease, meaning cerebral vasculitis, cardiovascular disease, or you had to have risk factors for cardiovascular diabetes, hypertension. So these patients were already at high risk for having a heart attack. And in that study, in spite giving them testosterone, we saw no increased risk of cardiovascular events. Now, you should know about three little exceptions in the study. We did see a slight increase in those patients who had renal deficiency. Very tiny. We had a slight increase in pulmonary embolism. Very slight from 0.5 to 0.9 percent. So it was very tiny. And so I think that's very important to realize that there were some slight curveballs. But the end of the day, no increased in cardiovascular events. Now, look at the other studies that came out of this. It was fantastic. We saw that there was no increased risk in prostate cancer. That's very important. We saw that there was no increased risk in BPH or lower urinary tract symptoms. It's in the package insert. If you give a man testosterone, make sure you follow his urinary symptoms because it could get worse. That's not true. That's not what we saw. In fact, most of the studies, not the traverse trial. Most of the studies show that long-term testosterone in men either have no effect on their urinary symptoms or an improvement in their urinary symptoms because testosterone can be a strong anti-inflammatory for prostate. That's a lot of reconsiderations that we have to think about. The patient population to provide her because just number one people will say, well, I can't go into testosterone. I'm afraid it's going to affect my heart. Right. I don't want to go into testosterone because I'm afraid it's going to cause BPH and keep me up at night. Right. These are really important things that actually prohibit people from taking action to improve the quality of their life by the utilization of hormone. We needed the traverse trial because when the traverse trial first started and the FDA talked about the risk of testosterone cardiovascular disease, if you look at a graph, the utilization plummeted in men. It plummeted in the use of testosterone. This was a fear that if they took it, they'd get cardiovascular risk or any kind of cardiovascular disease. But how unfortunate because many of these men were benefiting from the medication, but they stopped it because they were fearful that they may get it heart attack. But they actually didn't need to stop it because they were benefiting as well. So that was those two were the big findings cardiovascular prostate, but there were other findings as well. There was improvement in sexual function. Now, there's two types of sexual function. There's libido and actual rectal function. Testosterone as monotherapy still should not be indicated for pure erectile dysfunction. It does help when someone's taking viagra. Let me give you an example or see how we call these BD-5 inhibitors. If a man says, look, I've been taking viagra and things have been great. And all of a sudden my viagra stopped working. If you check his testosterone and it's low and you replace it, 30 to 50 percent of men will say, you know what? My viagra is now working again because if a viagra and testosterone work were very well together. But in the guidelines testosterone as monotherapy is not meant to be used for erectile function, but it does help with libido. In the reverse trial, we did see a significant improvement in desire in libido. What are the other things we saw? We saw improvements in anemia. That was very important as well. We didn't see any improvement. We saw improvements also as a sexual function. We saw improvements in anemia. But we didn't see much improvement when it came to other conditions such as diabetes. That's interesting. You would think it would improve some muscle mass, but if they're not exercising, it's not. Right. Can I make a? There's a big difference because there is a very famous study called the T4DM. The T4DM study showed that if you give men testosterone, it actually improves insulin resistance. Right. But in this trial, it did not show improvement. Now the T4DM used a different medication. They used something called libido, which actually has high levels of testosterone. Get some well into the superficial, logical or normal range. But in our trial, if you were above 350, you're considered normal. So if you have a testosterone level of 370, then some would say that's really not high enough to see Symptomatic improvement in insulin resistance. So I think there's some limitations with this trial to say, did we see improvements? We did see improvements in anemia, make sense if you give someone testosterone anemia. You know, blood count goes up in the introvert's trial. But I think that's very important to realize that there are a lot of benefits of testosterone. It's just not about sex. Right. What about for women? You know, the numbers for women are much lower if an interview is looking at their labs, their free testosterone. Would be considered normal even if it's one. Yes. Do you think that those numbers are correct? My patients seem to do and feel much better when their free testosterone is higher than these lab values that we're looking at. And it's very clear. Yeah. In women, free testosterone is far more important than total testosterone. And the problem is that her SHBG can be completely variable. So remember, in sex hormone, body, and sex hormone, body, and body is bad. So the higher the SHBG, the less the free T, right? So what is the number one cause of elevating SHBG birth control? Yes. Sky rocket, SHBG. Now here's the creature. Yeah. Right. But here's the clincher. The clincher is, is that it did you know that if a woman takes birth control pills greater than five years. And then decides to stop. Many of her SHBG levels will not normalize. They'll stay permanently elevating. Right. So many years. You're starting the package insert. You're reading my mind because I've got to say, many years ago, we tried to put it in the package insert. And we couldn't get it in because causing irreversible sexual dysfunction in women irreversible. And because if the SHBG stays high, I don't care what her testosterone is. The free testosterone is going to be very low. But there will be any way to overcome that if you do it that high not. Yes. So the only way to win is to increase the total T to overcome and you can have a higher free T. But most you have to be able to follow that follow the free T in women not the total T. Follow the free T. It's very important. So I think that you know, women are a little bit different. You have to pay more attention to the free T. You have to be careful on how fast and how much testosterone you're how much of a rise because she can get acne or facial hair. Right. And so, and then if you overshoot, you can use a bring it back down. In women you start low and you move up very, very slowly on those doses. Do you like injectable for women's up to you? I do. So I think, you know, I think the transdermals don't absorb very well. And the way you want to think about the dose for a women to men is it's one tenth, one tenth the dose. Now remember, testosterone is off label for women in the United States. Why is that? Why? Yeah. You know, so they tried many years ago in Trinza was a patch that they were trying to get through the FDA and just never got through the FDA. I think it's a shame because women benefit, I think, even more than men when it comes to testosterone supplementation. Let's talk about bone mineral density for them. Lobito, cognition, just overall well being. So, but it didn't get approved. So, typically for women, either use a testosterone pellet. I'll use a cream which is compounded because there's nothing FDA approved. Or all use an injectable. The most women will go to the pellet or they're using injectable. And the way I use mind-jections is, again, sub-cue. And you just have to dose it different and use typically one tenth the dose. One tenth the dose. And do you have any concerns being outside of range? And this is more for, you know, both the listener and the providers. Do you have any concerns about that? I think the can main concern is for women. I can start getting acne phases. But what if they don't have any of those side effects? And you are outside of the normal range. Yeah. They feel great. Yeah. The other thing I worry about is in terms of rhythm cytosis, right? So, there are some other things I can occur. I typically like to keep them in range, but the upper quartile of normal. And just, and this is, I just pulled this up. This is, again, the lab values are going to be different. But this is 0.5 to 2.4 to 2.4 nanomolts per liter. Yes. So small versus a male could be, again, the total would be 300 to 1,000 nanograms per deciliter or 10 to 35 nanomolts per liter. Yes, but this is very important. Why are we so fixated on the number? Let me just put that out there for you. So, if you treat a woman for estrogen, she says doctor, you know, I'm postman of Puzzle and I have hot flashes. So, I say, sure, man, I'm going to start some estrogen. So, I don't check her level. She's postman of Puzzle. Right? And she comes back and she says, you know, my half flashes are better. But I still have some. I'm bothered by them. I don't check her levels. We just give her a higher dose of estrogen. Why is this any different? I mean, the sum degree, you know, we're so fixated on the number. I completely agree with you. Yeah, this is symptomatic improvement. And I'm number. Right. And I bring this up because, let's say, a woman is at 2.4, just even from a medical legal standpoint, you know, that's not enough for her. And let's say she's still completely symptomatic. You push her to double that or, and she has no or with her psychosis and feels so much better. Yeah. I agree. So we're still fixated on the numbers. And many times before I tell the patient their lab values, just say, how do you feel? Thank you. I say, how do you feel? It's just a feel great. Because sometimes, I say, your levels are low. It's a well by the way. I don't feel like great. I say, no, I want you to tell me how you feel first because that's very important. Yeah. And when, for, so for women, you'll use a sub-union jacket. Sub-union jacket, which is or cream or a pellet or a pellet. There's my three favorite. So, you know, typically I will, again, this is off-label, but she will, will compound at 50 milligrams per ml. And she'll start out at 0.1 ml once a week. And it's sub-cute and it's easy. She wants to do it in injection. I'll compound the cream at 4 or 8 milligrams per ml. And that's easy. But, you know, the cream sometimes has poor variable of the skin. Yeah, it seems that way. It can be tricky. It can be tricky. And then a lot of them love the pellet. You know, and so they'll come in at once every four months for a sub-cute and it's pellet that's placed on the side of the hip. Very effective. And she's auto-pots, she doesn't think about it. And so she likes it. And what about alternative treatments for women who, let's say they have concerns about going on to testosterone? You know, we're talking about Adi. Yes. I would love to hear your thoughts on the alternative treatment. Yes. So, Adi's nice in the sense that it has no hormones. Right? And this is either his or her breast cancer. The beauty about Adi is it doesn't increase the risk of breast cancer. Right? And so basically, Adi increases dopamine in the brain. You can increase neuropinephrine. And these hormones increase the desire for sex. Right? So, Adi's been around for a while. And many patients will use the Adi. And sometimes in conjunction with the testosterone to help with libido. But what's nice about Adi, it is FDA approved. FDA approved strictly to increase a woman's desire for sex. And it can be very effective. So, several years ago, I said to myself, If Adi is good enough for women, why don't I use it from men? So, I went to the FDA and actually got an IND from the FDA to be able to get permission to give it to men. So, I have the only IND in the United States to give Adi two men strictly to increase their desire for sex. Right? Because men and women are not that different. If I increase dopamine in a man's brain. If I increase neuropinephrine in a man's brain, he also won't have sex. Right? So, Adi is a great medication, very effective. There's one other medication out there. And before you continue with the re-enemy reason why someone wouldn't go on Adi. Well, really, I mean, there's some side effects. There are some side effects. I tell patients to take half a dose every day for two weeks. And then you can desensitize yourself. And then to go up to the full dose. There's a cost and some insurance doesn't cover it. But it's cost pretty reasonable for three months. You know, so those are some of the things. And I tell patients if you don't benefit after three months. And don't... It takes about three months for advocacy. Great point. Because I said you don't expect... If you don't see anything in a week, don't quit. Right? Don't quit. You give me three months at the end of three months. If you see benefit, a great... If you don't, we can move on. But I do think that many men and women do benefit from it. And because it works in a different pathway, it works in a brain. Could you potentially use it in combination? Absolutely. So that's what works the best. If you use testosterone and adi... That's what we've been doing. That's what we've been doing. It has been doing. It's very effective. Because it's two different mechanisms. Right. And not to mention, it seems like adi has side effects that... I don't know if they lose weight. They sleep better. It seems as if there's these other benefits. So 100%. So two other things that patients will talk about is weight loss. And sleeping better. And so many women say, I'm in. Right. I think cre sex, weight loss and sleep better. I don't know why. The other one... But yeah. But again, those are side effects. The main goal is libido. Now, look. I just want to be very clear. Adi is phenomenal, but you have to also... Work at it too. I mean, it's part of your relationship. I can't fix your relationship with your husband. I know you can't go. That's a thing, right? Yeah, but with Adi. You have to work on it. And you have to give me the four pillars. Give me diet, exercise, sleep, stress reduction. It's a program. program and you can add the ad to end and it works beautifully. But if you think that I'm going to take ad and everything's going to be perfect, we know work. You know, really it's really synergistic when you put the work in. This episode is brought to you by inside tracker. You've heard me talk about inside tracker many times. Why is inside tracker important? Well, you have to know what's going on in your body. Otherwise, you are just kind of out there with blindfolds on and nobody wants that. Inside tracker is an amazing blood work, bio marker, full platform. It includes technology. It includes wearables. It includes blood work to show you exactly what your biomarkers are, things like insulin and glucose and thyroid and hormones. All of the stuff that you should care about. An inside tracker makes it available for you. Inside tracker has been very generous and is giving 20% off to all of my listeners. The entire store, you can go ahead and pick whatever program that you want. Some of them include fitness tracking data, others include biomarkers, many different biomarkers. I use inside tracker myself. You can too go to inside tracker.com slash doctor lion for 20% off. That's inside tracker dot com slash doctor lion for 20% off. Now back to the episode. Just because you mentioned exercise, there is a paper here, effective aerobic exercise on erectile function, systematic review and meta analysis of randomized control trials. Could you mention the impact exercise has on sexual function? We publish this just recently and it's really important. So patients come to me and say, look, I don't want to take a drug. I don't take a pill. What can I do naturally to improve my sexual function? This was a study looking at exercise. It was a meta analysis. We looked at 11 randomized placebo control trials looking at the effects of exercise on improving sexual function. What we found was that on average, the IEF, which is a score for sexual function, improved by about 3 points, strictly with exercise alone. What's very interesting is the more severe ED you had. The greater the improvements you would see in sexual function just by exercise alone. So I can't stress the importance of diet exercise sleep and stress reduction. I call those the four pillars. You have to, you and I, both of us can do better on diet exercise sleep and stress reduction. And every day when you wake up, every night when you go to sleep ask yourself, what am I going to do better on those four because to me those are the key? What is that one you have to work on? I know that one I have to work on. I have to work on all four, but I would tell you this, I think that I can always do better. I'm always hard on myself. I have to do better on all four. But I think stress reduction, because the stress is, I mean, it's what we do is for high stress, but you've got to find ways to take time out. And most of my CEOs are really good at diet and exercise. They go to the gym. Right, that's actually easy part. That's easy part. When it comes to sleep and it comes to stress reduction, they're out, lousy. They're lousy. Well, I can, because it's a sleep in many ways is not in your control somehow. And so it's how you process. So diet exercise, we got it. Most patients, most guys are lousy and sleep and stress. Now, a lot of them are successful because they manage stress well. That's how they got there. But sleep is the trick you want. You got to get the sleep down. It is critical for overall success. The thing that's so interesting here is we talk about healthy lifestyle. What do we get people there and erectile dysfunction is a huge problem? You publish this paper that looked at the effect of a aerobic exercise on erectile dysfunction. Without medication. Right. Yes. I mean, realize it healthier people tend to be more sexually active. And this study shows that lifestyle modification, diet exercise alone can significantly reverse erectile dysfunction. Reverse. Reverse. Right. That's really important because most people say, just give me the pill. I say, fine, I can give you the pill. But let me tell you something that you can do to actually truly reverse erectile function. See, remember that ED is a progressive disease. So what happens if I give a man Viagra today, it works fine. But eventually it's going to stop working. And that patient will then go on to an injectable, propaneal injections. Eventually that stops working. And then they go on to pyruy epinol prosthesis. So there's a spectrum here. How common is that? So ED affects 52% of the men over the age of 40. It's very common. And I think another way to look at this is 40% of men at 40 have erectile dysfunction. 50% of 50%, 50, 60, 60. You live long enough. You're going to get erectile dysfunction. And so, but it's reversible. ED is reversible. And typically, with lifestyle modification, if you improve your lifestyle, it's significant to improve your erectile function. Most men say, just give me the pill. I say, fine, I'll give you the pill. But you understand that that pill is going to eventually stop working. And we'll have to go to a stronger pill. And then we have to go to a penal implant. And so, a lot. So if you work with me, we can prevent ED from occurring. Remember that ED is the first sign of a heart attack or stroke. That is really important. So if a man gets ED today, 15% of them will have a cardiovascular event within seven years. That is really important. That's what they say. Those are big. Say it again. That's a big number. Yeah, this is the prostate cancer prevention trial. If a man develops ED today, 15% of them will have a cardiovascular event within seven years, that's important. Because ED is the first sign of heart attack. And there's a mechanism that's how can you explain this. The penal arteries are one to two millimeters. They're very tiny. The coronary arteries are three to four millimeters. The crotted artery can be six millimeters. So remember from physiology, if you get a occlusion, 50% of an artery, you start seeing end organ damage. So what are you going to include first? You include the penal artery first. Then you'll include the coronary artery. Then you include the crotted. So ED typically is the first sign that something else is going to happen. So that's very important to realize that. So we take ED as a first sign of a cardiovascular event. If a man comes to me and he has ED and two cardiovascular risk factors, we send them for cardiovascular evaluation. Just to make sure there's not a cult cardiovascular disease. I think that's really important that man out there, particularly young men, if you have ED and there's no other cause, should be thinking, is there something going on with my heart that could be causing this condition? You typically screen, you know, when we think about the blood panels, I know that you get astrodiol, testosterone, free testosterone, SHPD, hemoglobin, hematocrit, PSM assuming you still, so could a PSA? Do you also look at say, ApoB? Absolutely. So ApoB is much better than all the other ones. So ApoB, LP little A, and LP little A is a non-modifiable risk factor. It is what it is. But ApoB can be modified. You'd like to keep the ApoB below 100, you can say 1, 30 or 100. But these are great gauges to let you know what is going to happen in terms of a cardiovascular risk. So I like the way you're going with this because I think it's very important to realize that the first sign of a heart attack in men could be his erectile dysfunction. And that's been shown, as I mentioned earlier, 15% will have heart attack risk stroke within seven years. If a man presents to you with ED and he appears relatively healthy, if it's not psychogenic, you should ask yourself, is this the first sign of cardiovascular disease? And we take it very, very seriously. Also, do you, there's a whole push for these weight loss drugs? Do you also look at who coasts in selen, human global and ANC? Because what I love about the way you practice and the way you think is it is not just unidimensional. We're talking about erectile dysfunction, but you have your forepilers. You are discussing things on a broader scale and really more holistic. Right. The impact of these weight loss drugs, those Zempek, some, some agatied, as a appetite, what are your thoughts on them and how could those affect infertility, sexual function? So we're studying those right now and I think you can have a positive effect. So remember, what does fat do? Fat contains something called arromatase. It eats up the testosterone and converts it into estrogen. So the more fat cells you have, the less testosterone you have, the more estrogen you have. So basically, we like to look at these levels. Losing weight, I believe, will help with fertility. I think it will make a big difference. I think losing weight will help with sexual function. And so we have a trial right now looking at that, giving these medications like semiglutide to reduce the fat, to see if I can see improvements in fertility and sexual function. I think it's going to make a difference. Let's be honest, health, it's survival of the fetus, Darwinism, healthier people tend to be more fertile. Right? So healthier people tend to be more fertile. I want you to think of this in two ways. There's two ways to play this. There's offense and defense. Right? Offence and defense. And when you talk about offense, you know, I say, okay, I'm going to focus on the four pillars. Diet, exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. I'm going to do things to improve my body. But defense is looking at what we call the forehensionment. I got this from Peter Tia. You know, looking at if you're going to something bad, it's going to happen. See if there's going to be cardiovascular disease. It's going to be either diabetes metabolic syndrome. It could be a cancer, right? Or it could be neurodegenerative. Right? There's other ways that can get you. So what's we do something very silly? We wait till we get the problem. And then we treat. I said, I have a heart attack and now I'm going to go ahead and figure out how I'm going to improve my cardiovascular health. Right? So wait till I get diabetes and then I'm going to try to improve my diabetes. No, the name of the game is prevention. So prevention on the over here. And then also on this side, trying to go offense and defense at the same time. Very important. And so we go hard on the patients. You know, we look at cardiovascular risk. We look at apob. We could help you a little a. We look at their cholesterol levels. I look at apoe for neurodegenerative. So you can look at my cholesterol. Right? You can look at insulin levels in these patients. So we go very hard on cancer screens as well. I like using the grill as well. It helps me understand what else this patient could have. Yeah, I was I would, you know, we had lunch another day. My husband was there. It was it was great. We were talking about what you were doing in your practice. You mentioned the grill, which is fantastic. And also scans, whether it was a nervous scan or CT. Yeah. The first neurologist that I've ever heard doing this. I think it's important, right? Because the name of the game is prevention. Right? If I can catch something today, why would I, I would only do what I do for myself. I saw a scan. So you can get an MRI full body scan. I'll let it sometimes hard to get. You can get a CAT scan. But some type of imaging. Again, this is not standard to cure or something that I think I offer my patients. It's progressive and it's, as you say, offense. It's offense, right? I want to know what's going on before it happens. And I think that's very important. So we use the grill as well. I think it's very helpful to tell it's 50 cancers that you may be missing that you can pick up today. So these are all things I can do to prevent cancer prevention. So focusing on the cancer, the cardiovascular, the metabolic, the neurogenitive, those are the four categories. Because again, if you are going to die, those are the four ways I can get you besides having a car wreck or a plane crash. But these are the four. If you know that, you would go heavy on those four and preventing those four from happening. And that to me is more the defense. For event, find the way to prevent the offense is die exercise sleep and stress reduction. And when you put it together, you got a great program. You have a winning team. What effect do you think that these drugs, the weight management drugs, have on sperm quality? Do you think that there is any indirect or direct effect on sperm quality? We know some basics. We know that patients who are healthier have better sperm quality. That's a survival that is Darwinism. Healthier patients, healthier people tend to have better sperm quality. So I would assume that we're doing the trial now that patients who lose weight would potentially have better sperm quality. And that's what we're studying right now. So we're looking at semen analysis in these patients and we're looking at testosterone levels in these patients and hormone levels in these patients to make sure that we see an improvement over time. Healthier people tend to be more fertile. That's just the way it is. Is infertility a big thing that you're seeing? So 15% of couples will have infertility. It's a lot. We don't talk about it. 15% and the majority of time, 50% of the time, it's a female factor. That's true. What percent of time? 50%. That's a female factor. 30% of the time, it's a male factor. And then 20% of the time, it's both male and female. So indirectly, the male is involved 50% of the time when they present infertility. But if you think about it, you know, one out of seven or one out of eight couples will have problems with infertility. That's a lot of people. It's a lot of people. And it's emotionally really, really devastating for people. Absolutely. What would you say if you were trying to preserve or increase fertility from men? This important is lifestyle modification. Healthier men are more fertile period. So if you want to improve your fertility, it'll lose weight, exercise, alcohol consumption. So remember that alcohol can actually cause damage to the testicles as well. And typically when it's about 40 grams of alcohol, I was going to ask you the day. 40 grams. So each drink that you take in alcohol is about 14 grams roughly. So that second drink probably okay, that third drink is where you cross. So you want to watch the alcohol, marijuana consumption. So healthier people tend to be more fertile. And so I tell men that you want to become fertile, exercise, lose weight, right? Less processed foods are very important as well, right? Sleep. Remember that men only make their testosterone when they sleep. You don't make your testosterone. And endogenous testosterone is a very important persperm production. Let me repeat that. So endogenous testosterone is a very important persperm production. Endogenous testosterone makes you infertile, right? But endogenous testosterone. So irreversible. But reversible. Take some time. On average, our studies showed anywhere from 3 to 7 months. But we could do it 3 to 7 months. But there's no guarantee that I can get you back to baseline, right? So I started out with 80 million sperm per milliliter. I took testosterone. I went down to zero. And now I'm back to 30 million. Okay, I have 30 million per ML. But I'm not as fertile as I used to be. But I am fertile, right? So it'd just be very careful on the definition. If you're meant, you know, women go through menopause and then that's it. They can have a child bed for men. Can they always produce sperm? They always produce sperm. Sproom production goes down as a men age. And we see that just typically 40 to 45 years of age is starting to precipitate as a drop. So it does go down. So it's not that you can always. Now there's other ways to get the sperm. I can always do a biopsy of the testicle and get the sperm. If I need to, if he's not producing, mill fertility is pretty easy. It's only two things I got to figure out. It's either they're blocked or they're not making it. There's only two options when I see these patients. The blocked are not making it. And so if they're blocked, I can unblock them. If they had a vasectomy, I can unblock the vasectomy. Right? If they're not making it, it's a little trickier. So you have to figure out why they're not making it. What you can do to help them. And many times you have to go in and do a biopsy of the testicle. Find the sperm. I don't need very many. Just need several. Yeah, you know, it's a one good one. It's a one good one. And, but again, I tell the patients. Healthier, people are more fertile. I need you to focus on your quality and health. Very important. And what about for women? I think you focus primarily on men in your clinic when it comes to fertility. Do you work with women at all? I work with women in the sense that I work with all the IVF centers here in Houston. And so when the couple are trying to conceive, they'll send me the mill patient and say, hey, we have an issue. We can't get this find the sperm. He has no sperm on his ejaculate. Can you help us out the treatment? And that sense is where I work with the women for fertility. Do I work with women for female sexual dysfunction? All the time. All the time. All the time. But fertility, my main focus is improving the quality of the sperm and finding the sperm in these men. You know, just circling back to women and sexual function, you had mentioned that their SHBG goes up. And both men and women, right? A male will and can always make testosterone. And he can, for example, my dad, my dad's 74. He cringes every time I say it. Maybe he's 73. We got his blood work done. His total testosterone was 800. Yeah. His free testosterone was amazing. And he, again, he's an older gentleman who does all of the offensive pillars that you talk about for women and testosterone production. Does that always decline? Yeah. So you bring up two important points. The first one is we were taught in residency in medical school. This concept called male menopause. And it does. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. Because what happens is, as men get older, aging alone doesn't drop their testosterone level. It's the acquisition of comorbid conditions that drop their level. So obesity. That sells eat up testosterone convert them to estrogen called the realmethization. Right? HIV, AIDS. I potentially all these conditions that you can acquire start dropping your T levels. And if you look at healthy, healthy 80 year old men, they have normal testosterone levels. It's still in normal range. Right? So healthy men will maintain their testosterone. But women are a little bit different. So women will typically make 50% of their testosterone from their ovaries 50% from their adrenals. And as she goes to menopause, it's a precipice drop in her testosterone. And her adrenals are starting to decline every year at 20 years of age. So it is absolutely makes sense that her desire for sex goes down. Because the number one desire driver for sex in a woman is her testosterone level. And if 55 years old when she's post-medipausal, there's almost no testosterone. So you can't blame her for having low desire. Secondly, she has vaginal attributes. She has pain. So now she has no desire and she has pain within it. And you want to have sex all the time. She's got bafflecia. Right? So come on. But it's not fair. So if you improve the testosterone level, if you use local vaginal estrogen therapy, if you help her, then it makes sense. But to assume that a woman post-medipausal is going to want to have a great, great libido doesn't make a lot of sense. Yeah. This episode is brought to you by first form. First form makes incredible protein powders. That's probably one of my most calming questions that I get asked. What kind of protein do you use? And first form makes great flavors. They also have a natural way, which is amazing. We make putting out of it. We also make somewhat of like a ice cream type shake. And if you are looking for protein powder on the go, then look no further. This form makes a great one. You can check out their protein powders, which by the way, also mixes amazing. Nobody likes that chalky tasting protein powder, or you're drinking it. Kind of choking, not sure if you should spit it out, or maybe it doesn't taste good. And there's an aftertaste. It's a whole situation. First form has fixed that. You can try yours. Go to first form. That's one STPHORM.com. And use the code Dr. Lyon. That's first form.com slash Dr. Lyon. We talked about testosterone. We talked about Adi and there was another one. It's a Bremelanata or Vilec. This is FDA proved also to significantly improve desire for sex and women. We have two drugs on the market. One is called Adi. One is called Vilec. Adi is an oral pill that she takes every day. Vilec is an injection that she takes typically several hours before sex. Now, Vilec should be taken no more than eight times a month. But she does not have to take it every day. Both have different mechanisms of action. But both significantly increase the desire for sex and women. Cash. I mean, it just seems like a combination of one or two of these things would be amazing for women and not have to suffer. Yes. The testosterone for women, you'd mentioned that women after menopause. I know that there's some concern. Not sure how valid it is after a 10-year window. Not wanting to put people on, estrogen. What about testosterone? Yes. So there's been no data suggest that testosterone increases any kind of cancer or malignancy from women. So the fear that we have with estrogen and progesterone is that we can get a very in cancer and we need other kinds of cancers. But that's not been shown with testosterone. It's also been used from decades in women with no really adverse events. Remember the concept of testosterone and these women replacement is to put the woman who is low back into the normal range. It's not rocket science. We're just going from low back into normal. And the effects that I see in women on testosterone tend to be greater than we see in men. I mean, the libido goes up. Her energy goes up. Her muscle mask goes up. Calgmission goes up. Again, realize that it's off label in the United States. So many years ago, they were trying to get it through with a drug called intrinsic. It is used throughout the world in all label in different countries. But it's off label. So what you use in a woman is one tenth, which you use in a man that conversions very important and goes slow. You don't want the acne or the facial hair because you can get very upset. So it's very, very slow. Very slow. But it is effective. And let's talk about other benefits. Bermin or density. Yes. I mean, you know, we talk about estrogens for women for women for women. But testosterone, there are many studies showing that the combination of testosterone and estrogen for bone mineral density is better than just estrogen alone. Improving a bone mineral density. Her cognition, her skin, I mean, we can go on and on. And it's just very unfortunate that it's not FDA approved for women now. But you can use it off label. You can use it off label. You can use it off label. But just go slow. Just remember one tenth, the dose is how you want to remember it. That makes sense. Yeah. The blood work that you do. And we talked a lot about sex hormone binding. Globby. Sex hormone binding, globulin, and that testosterone for men. The production doesn't have to decline. Presibutously doesn't have to be drastic. But sex hormone binding, globulin, goes up its individuals age. What can we do about that if anything? I have tried certain supplements. It doesn't really move the needle. The question is, if we give boron or if we give x, y, and z does it actually have a meaningful impact, I haven't found it. Yeah. The way the best way to solve the problem is if your s, a, b, g is fixed. Just raise the total t. It's a math formula. Right. So if you want to have a higher free testosterone, raise the total t above what you need to have a higher free t. And it works. There are things that can lower the s, h, b, g. But the benefit with the amount of work you have to do is not worth it. Just raise the total t and you'll get there. That's very, it seems like a very straightforward, easy answer. But people still really, really struggle. Yeah. And don't give fixated on the s, h, b, g. The numbers. How does she feel? How does she feel? That's the most important part. Everyone's like, well, my number is not high enough. So I must not feel good. So therefore, I don't feel good. That's why I never let them know their value first. I say, how do you feel? Right? They say, I feel better. It's basically every person has their own cut point. We all do. And I just have to get above your cut point to get you to feel better. And that's all doable. I know that I want to honor your time. So I know that we're running out of time. But are there certain common misconceptions that you would love to clear up? Whether it's through sexual health? Just anything in your domain that really needs to be stated. We talked about prostate cancer. We talked about cardiovascular disease. We talked about propisa, finast, right? These are all so meaningful. Are there any misconceptions? There's several. So first of all, we know now that testosterone does not cause prostate cancer. Right? For decades, we were taught that testosterone causes prostate cancer. That's been put to rest. Now we know that testosterone does not increase the risk of heart attack. With the reverse trauma. Finally, people say, if I take testosterone, I'm going to get a heart attack. So that's been a misconception. Those are two big things that I think people should know. I think that people should also know that E.D. is the first sign of heart attack. Huge. That's really important to you. If you look at that, something called arterial diameter theory, as I mentioned earlier, you will include the smallest arteries first. And so E.D. will precede cardiovascular disease in many cases. And so if a young man presents to you with E.D. and no other risk factors, I get concerned that's, I may have a cult cardiovascular disease. And if they have two risk factors, I will send them for cardiac evaluation. So just because the E.D. could be the first sign of further problem, particularly cardiovascular. That's a really important point. And you even mentioned about infertility and alcohol. I think people fail to recognize that. And then the impact of marijuana or other drugs. Yeah, they can. So people use these recreation, but they don't realize that they can have a significant impact. I've never seen a great study to say, how much marijuana do you have to smoke to have damage to the testicles? We do know that alcohol studies are typically 40 grams. So that tells you if I have more than three drinks, I'm going to start causing damage to my testicles, meaning that I can impair not only my sperm production, but my testosterone production as well. Right? So just careful in moderation if you're going to drink. But you know, these are all, quote, canata toxins just be very cognizant of the things that can cause damage to the testicular tissue. What are you working on now? Let me, refase that. What are you not working on? I'm kidding. But you are very prolific when it comes to publishing and exploring questions that are going to have a meaningful impact. What's on the horizon? So we have a lot. You know, I have a basic science lab and in the lab, I have some amazing people in the lab looking at something called the CIG repeat. So we're looking at something called the sensitivity of the antigen receptor. And we talked about this earlier. We found that those patients who have who come in and I raise their testosterone to 800 and they say, doctor, I still have symptoms. Maybe there's something genetic going on. Why they still have symptoms? If you check the CIG repeat, if it's long 2728, it explains that these patients may need more testosterone to get symptomatic improvements. We're looking very, very closely at that. We're still looking at shockwave therapy. I think that, you know, we didn't talk about treatments for ED, but some of the questions. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. Yeah, so my favorite way to treat ED is lifestyle modification. So let's be clear. I say, look, don't go for the pill. So for the diet exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. How fast will you see a change? You think our workout? It depends on how quickly someone is willing to put in the lifestyle modification changes, right? But we can see them over, of course, a six to 12 months. If patients want to commit, there was a wonderful by Esposito. She did a wonderful study, randomized control trial two years, lifestyle modification, or no lifestyle modification in 110 obese men, 55 in each arm. She followed them for two years. This was in JAMA. And with lifestyle modification and weight loss, they saw a significant increase in rectal function without pills. I mean, this is just, yeah, without pills. So I say, look, the best way to do this is to lifestyle modification, because it's not just your actions. Your overall health is going to improve. Unfortunately, most men say, just give me the pill. I say fine. But lifestyle modification makes a big difference. So the key is here that if you can do the lifestyle modification, most patients, if they stick with it, I see numerous other benefits as well. And then the shockwave therapy? Does that work? Shockwave therapy is what it is. So essentially, when I first saw this, this came out in 2010 by a gentleman named Dr. Vardy in Europe. And what he was doing was he was taking a device. It's a shockwave device, essentially, and shocking the penis. It's basically like a pulse, electrical pulse. The body showed was in those patients that got shockwave. They were seeing improvements in rectal function. Now, I'll be honest with you. When I first saw this, I thought it was ridiculous. It made no sense to me. But it's actually brilliant. Because what you're doing is you're tricking the body and you're inducing a trauma state. And when the body sees trauma, the body is an unbelievable healer, unbelievable healer. So you're telling the body, I have trauma in the penis. And what he showed in that study was that those patients who did the shockwave saw significant improvement in rectal function. And then there's been a boom in the experience. Absolutely. Everywhere you look, there's shockwave devices. And for women too. It had been also for women, for sexual dysfunction, for many causes. But for sexual dysfunction. And it makes sense. This actually came out in the cardiac literature before it came out in the neurological literature. That's the thing. Whether you shockwave on the heart and induce trauma and you get neolandiogenesis and blood vessels within the coronaries. So we use it now for, you know, for ED. But you have to be careful. There's different classes of drugs. There's class one, some class three, class one, do nothing. They're pneumatic. They don't do anything. But they make a click. And so patients here, and it's a big business. It's anywhere from 500 to $1,000 a treatment. And if you buy a class one drug, anyone can buy a machine, anyone can buy it. And so you have to be careful because they don't really do anything at all. And if you treat someone for six treatments and they pay six thousand, that's a very expensive expensive. And they placebo effect. Is it 30%, 30% to 40%. Is it really? Had you know that? Yeah, it's 30%, with this drug, thanks. So 30% to 40% of patients who get the class one, machine will say, I got the best directions. I've ever had my life. It's a placebo effect, right? But the class three, now ones are regulated. And those machines have been shown to have efficacy in improving sexual function. So using the right type of machine, these are called electromagnetic, electromagnetic, they're very good machines. And remember that not everyone sees improvement. So remember that a lot of patients will, I think mild to moderate, see the most improvement, but not everyone will because ED is a multifactorial. There could be a second genic cause. There will be a lot of other factors going on as well. But right now those are not covered by insurance. So it's a cash business. Do you think they're effective? I do think they're effective if you're using the right machine and the right patient. Right, right machine and the right patient. If you're losing a class the electrolytic, electromagnetic, if you have patients with mild to moderate, ED, they don't have significant fibrosis and scarring, then you have a better shot. But it's not necessarily correcting the underlying cause. I mean, again, there's it's a multifactorial, but it's improving the quality of the tissue. And that's really important because you're bringing in new blood vessels into that female tissue. Moving the cause. So basically the body is one of the best healers. If I cause any trauma to your body, your body can heal it. It's pretty clever, except when it's gone to the state of fibrosis. If the penalty is completely fibrodic, I can't get you from scar back to normal tissue. But if they have not fibrodic, you can actually reverse the ED process by using these. Now there's stem cells that have out there. We had the first stem cell trial in the United States for ED. Using a, this trial was though using FDA-proved machine. And we did find that there was some benefit in ED, but it wasn't sustained. It was only about six months. So unfortunately, there's not a randomized placebo control study with stem cells for ED yet. Yeah, that's that, because that's an easy study. Right, but there's not a randomized placebo. There's a lot of randomized placebo control trials for shockwave showing benefit. And the last one is PRP. The platelets is a third realm. There have been a few studies, so just in the maybe beneficial. A recent one out of the University of Miami showing no benefit at all. So again, be careful, because a lot of these treatments are a cash. And you just have to be very careful, because this is a very vulnerable population. Yeah. And they're willing to pay the money. So it just got to be careful. And I just thought about this as you were talking, does the penaltitial tissue to get you an acrophate? It does with non use for sure like any muscle. And so where do you see the most acrophie in men? Typically around 52 years of age. Why 52? That's odd number. It's because that's when women go through menopause. So as she goes through menopause and they stop engaging in sex activity, he will see more and more acrophie the penaltitial tissue. He'll develop something called venous leak. So now the blood will come out faster than it goes in. And so once you get venous leak, then it's harder to get an erection. So really important to keep the penaltitial tissue healthy as we get older. Do you think educating on this if you were to wave a magic wand? Do you feel like your contribution would be to educate on this much earlier? Absolutely, because as you stop using the penaltitial tissue, you can start developing fibrosis and scarring, which I cannot reverse. So you want to keep the tissue as healthy as long as possible. Maybe you're not having sex today. Maybe you're not. Maybe you will want to have sex in five years. And if you don't keep the penaltitial healthy today, you won't be able to have sex in five years. So it's really important to keep the tissue healthy. Yes. Well, that gave listeners a free pass to have lots of sex and they are very excited and hopefully have a great and willing partner. Dr. Mohit Kara, thank you so much. I encourage everybody listening to follow you. I will include all of the links you are doing extraordinary work. The world is so lucky to have you. Thank you.