If you have lotus oceorone, it makes you at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease. Wait, wait, wait, stop that. I would be concerned if you were walking around with lotus oceorone. I would be concerned that you wouldn't have a bone fracture. I would be concerned that you're going to have heart disease. I would be concerned that you are at a greater risk for obesity and diabetes. Wow. 40% of men in their 40s have a reptile dysfunction. If you have a reptile dysfunction, you are at a greater risk for heart-taker stroke. A reptile dysfunction can bring it to a heart attack within three to five years. That's scary. Obesity will lower testosterone levels and lower sperm health. If you have pores, sperm health, you have a 2.6-time radar likelihood of having cancer. 92% of men that were depressed also had low teeth. When individuals age men think that their testosterone has to go down, is actually not true. Testosterone in say a 75-year-old could be potentially just as good as your testosterone in your 20s, which is shocking. That's very exciting. After the statement came out from Tobias Colour about your penis can shrink up to one centimeter if you don't use it. Have you ever heard that before? That was scary. I can tell you. I've had that struck fear into my heart. Everybody's heart and immediately it just went viral because part of the problem is there's always this echo chamber of testosterone steroids. But when you tell a guy, his penis is going to shrink one centimeter if he doesn't have sex, the world is listening. You're going to take action immediately. And those actions can include penis pumps, lots of sex, and therefore that leads us to the conversation around testosterone and erectile dysfunction, use it or lose it. Yes, yes. As a senior B46-year-old male, I'm coming to you as the expert is the doctor that you are. Because I'm looking at my testosterone and I'm wondering, is someone that suspects that maybe my testosterone test testosterone isn't what it used to be? What's the first steps I take when I go to my physician? First of all, you're looking great for 46. Well done, almost 46. testosterone is interesting. testosterone is the primary antigen for men and also women. When individuals age men think that their testosterone has to go down, it's actually not true. It's totally unfair and not true. Testosterone in say a 75-year-old could be potentially just as good as your testosterone in your 20s, which is shocking. That is shocking. It is shocking. There is hope for all men, something called SHBG goes up, which may make free testosterone a little less available. But the reality is, how do you know if your testosterone is low? There are a handful of signs and symptoms. Number one, the thing that would get a man to the doctor, almost immediately, is if his penis doesn't work. A rectal dysfunction, 40% of men in their 40s have a rectal dysfunction. That's scary. That is scary. In addition, obesity, diabetes, all of which contribute to low testosterone, which means you have to get your left-to-right. But also, everybody should have their testosterone checked. By the time they're 40, a man should know and I would argue even earlier. If someone is under 40 listening to this, the sooner you get your testosterone checked, for a baseline, the better. No, we're not going to get it checked. What do I ask for? Because you alluded to it, there's different forms. So is there a particular form on looking at? And we should review your blood work. But if you are going to the doctor, what you want to look for is total testosterone, free testosterone, FSH, LH, unusual for a guy to have his estrogen attack. But we always check an ester dial, and believe it or not, everything is not testosterone related. You have to check your thyroid and even a pro-lactin level. Sometimes there are things in the brain say an adnoma or some kind of benign tumor that would affect testosterone production. Wow. Ester dial. Ester dial. Why am I, I'm a dude. That's a word of an estrogen. Why am I estrogen? For us, the target level that we like to see in our clinic is between 30 and 50. Those are the numbers that a guy would want to look for. And I would say that when a guy goes on testosterone, one of the things that the typical TRT clinic does or has in the past is they immediately put people on an aromotace inhibitor. That would be a remitax to suppress estrogen. What we found was that when that happened and very early on, I mean, again, I've been in practice for, I don't know, over 10 years, the guys that had estrogen suppressed. They really, they seem to lose their libido. There may be a role for estrogen and libido. But what about, so you're suppressing the estrogen because of the concerns of the kind of comastia? Yeah. But having that 30 to 50, I don't have to worry about that. Hopefully not. And obviously everyone is individual. And for someone listening, we're not giving medical advice, but how we do it is very low. People do not get put on an estrogen block or just because. If their estrogen is above 50, we would start an estrogen block and that would be at a very low dose and a remitax of 0.25 twice a week or maybe even just 0.5 once a week. Here is the catch. When a guy is obese, he might make more estrogen. Oh yeah. But that doesn't mean that you wouldn't treat him for testosterone. You don't use an aromotace inhibitor as monotherapy. Meaning, let's say you have an estrogen that's 100. And I've had guys in my clinic that have an estrogen on 100. We don't immediately go, you know what? I'm going to block your estrogen before starting testosterone. So you just go to the testosterone. Now, I'm not obese. I exercise. I try to get enough sleep, regardless of what my kids do. What is the cut off? Because, you know, I look at 300 nanograms per decelerator. And I'm still above that. But then how do you determine is that a hard number for you or or there are the things you look at? They're the guidelines, which the medical guidelines would make 300, the hard number. So the EUA-Glyte guidelines. But these numbers, it is kind of arbitrary. That 300 number was just picked. Here's the rub with that. It's not just about testosterone. It's also about your antigen receptor sensitivity. It's something called a cag repeat. And some individuals have very sensitive antigen receptors, meaning they require less testosterone. And some individuals have very low sensitivity receptors. Meaning they would require higher levels of testosterone. 300 would be the cut off, but it depends on where you go and what country. The cut off in other countries is lower. It's an arbitrary number. You also have to look at how people feel. And it's funny. One of the things aside from just looking at the testosterone level, the diagnostic criteria for low T would be two levels in the morning with 300 or less. Two hundred and ninety nanograms per decilator. But what if this person also is starting to have erectile dysfunction? Is starting to have that deposition, fatigue, depression. I was looking at one study, 92 percent of men that were depressed also had low T. That's not surprising. That's not. No. Yeah, how it is. And actually, it's not surprising. It makes that it's a good point because if someone has low testosterone, how are they going to want to exercise and eat well? Yeah, you tough. And your great interview you had with Dr. Morgan Taylor. He talks about that. That last, what, like, 5 percent, that motivation that people have in testosterone gives it. The other piece of it that I thought was interesting. I want to ask you about is what about the health concerns? Because again, got young kids. I want to be around for them. Is taking exogenous testosterone going to put me a greater risk for prostate cancer or things like that? There are very few areas in medicine where the myths surrounding the concepts and the way that we practice medicine have been devastating. The hormone area is probably the biggest area where we have failed people. For years, we castrated men because there was this belief as a spoke about that testosterone caused prostate cancer. Yeah. For 30 years or more, they castrated my can you imagine? No. I don't want to. And testosterone has been around for a long time. The first testosterone has been used since the 1930s. Because of this myth and this thought process that testosterone caused prostate cancer, it really created a snowball effect. Meaning testosterone therapy has not been routinely used. You do not go to your doctor when you have depression and they don't typically measure a testosterone level. testosterone replacement therapy is really critical for a number of reasons. If you have low testosterone, it makes you at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease. If you wait, wait, stop that. Yeah. I've always heard that it puts me at greater risk. What about my cholesterol? I don't like that. So you're telling me it's protective? It is. It is protective. And that's where the traverse trial came. They did a trial called the traverse trial. And it did not increase the risk of cardiac events. Wow. Again, total myth. And if you have erectile dysfunction, you are at a greater risk for heart-taccer stroke. So I'm hearing I shouldn't be concerned about testosterone replacement therapy. You could actually be protected. It could actually not put me at greater risk for some of these disease, cardiovascular health, prostate cancer, etc. It could actually be protected against some of these. I would be concerned if you were walking around with low testosterone. I would be concerned that you were going to have a bone fracture. I would be concerned that you're going to have heart disease. I would be concerned that you are at a greater risk for obesity diabetes. Wow. And you touch a little bit about the sexual health component. Why take test? Why not just like see how else you're biagra? Well, erectile dysfunction, just going back to erectile dysfunction, can predict a heart attack within three to five years. Wow. I don't care about if your penis is shrinking. I care about if you are going to die from a heart attack. And a stroke within one to two years. An individual who presents with erectile dysfunction, obviously there's psychogenic components, typically when guys are younger. But if a 40-year-old male is having problems with an erection, we have to think about cardiovascular disease. If you listen every week and feel like we are in this together, which I believe that we are learning, growing, and building strength, then I created a way for us to get connected even more closely. It's called forever strong insider. A premium community for listeners who want to go deeper. You'll get ad free episodes which I know you'll love. Bonus Q&A is where your questions shape the conversation. Behind the scene moments because what's facing offlarious from my daily life and written takeaways to keep at your fingertips. But more than that, you'll be supporting the show so that we can keep creating content that matters. If you've ever wanted to feel part of the inner circle, this is your invitation. Join us at foreverstrong.supercast.com or through the link in the show notes. I don't want to marginalize this or make fun of it, but it reminds me of the gauge on a car. Right? And the overall health of a man, if I were to give you one marker, it would be testosterone. The one marker for overall health and wellness for a man, and his morbidity, mortality, his risk of heart disease, would be testosterone. Why is there this stigma with it? I mean, it here, this from you, but I've had a lot of other physicians throughout my career, the military moving around and having it, and not one of them has ever talked to me about testosterone. We're like, have it checked. They're like, you're young, you're healthy, you're exercising, you're fine. It's a great question. And individuals are really misinformed. There's always been a stigma with sexual health. I believe that that's part of it. And because of the perceived risks of testosterone replacement therapy, that have been out there, and then of course you bring in this idea of steroids, that people are afraid. Well, you mentioned steroids. Yes, I want to ask about that because, you know, I hear testosterone replacement therapy, and then I look at like a bodybuilder online and it's like talking about their own steroids. Where does that line? It seems that line's blurry. Like where is that? Is that the whole madden I was talking about? Is that the whole Nadia or not? That's the Nadia or not, like the Kenny Cayos thing they do. The Nadia or not, the conversation is totally wrong and misleading. We make testosterone. The idea of steroids and testosterone replacement therapy being one in the same is just not true. Stair-rides, if we were to define steroids, let's think about testosterone, but then synthetic agents that are given at super physiological doses for specific performance outcome. That is not the same as a testosterone replacement therapy, replacing something that is low within physiological norms. An individual who has low testosterone is at risk for heart disease, is at risk. For bone fractures is at risk for depression, is at risk for obesity. There are a whole host of comorbidities that make testosterone really critical. Rather than thinking about synthetic steroids and then turning an entire generation off. But I will say it's not without risk. Testosterone, replacement therapy. There is some risk. There is risk. What's more to look at? Infertility doesn't mean it always happens. If someone is listening to this and says, you know what, I am 30 years old. I want to go on testosterone because my levels are low. I feel terrible, but I want to have children. One of two things. Number one, you banks firm. Number two, an individual can go on TRT with the understanding that they will take HCG. And that it might take three to seven months to get the body back to functioning normally without testosterone placement therapy. But once you start, it doesn't mean that you have to always be on it. But then on the flip side, why would you go off? Follow a question of that. What if you are done having kids? Let's say. And you're just wanting to feel good and, you know, kind of regain some of that 23-year-old figure. What risks are to that individual? I would say there is no inherent risk that I could think of. An individual would want to make sure that their hematocrit, hemoglobin, hematocrit is not too high. Maybe they have sleep apnea so you'd want to check that prior. Or if someone had active prostate cancer, then you'd obviously want to see someone just to, again, find out the details. But from my perspective in the literature, there is no risk for replacing low testosterone. Which is crazy. Because, you know, one of the things that you'd said to me, said, okay, Gabrielle, we're going to sit down, we're going to do this episode. I want you to convince me to go on TRT. And that doesn't remind myself, okay. Well, how can I convince you? If your levels are good, do you need more testosterone? And the answer, I would say no. If your free testosterone is where, let's say, it's in an ideal range and your feeling great, more isn't better, would you feel great? Probably, if you went on testosterone, probably, but would there be a medical indication? No. Would there be dangers for an individual with low testosterone going on testosterone? No. And that has been one of the biggest misconceptions, because we have millions of men. I was looking at the data, let's say 40%, 25% to 40% of men in their 40s have low testosterone. Roughly, a very small percentage would ever look to get treated. The most recent data that I've seen in the general male population, maybe 3% of men are treated. Which means we're failing guys from a primary care level. If a guy comes in, who's overweight and obese, and he has low testosterone, we should be training him. Yes, I didn't exercise, you have to do all those things, but we should be training. So, even, because that's my next question, you have somebody who's overweight or obese. We know that it'll be, he's probably contributing to them having low testosterone. So, you wouldn't just have them lose weight, you would do it concurrently, or would you try to have them lose weight and then you're going to be out. Honestly, personally, I would have them do it concurrently. Here's why, when an individual has low testosterone, it's setting them up for issues later on. And as a physician, my perspective is, does lifestyle matter, yes, but come in and treat it. If 92% of men in this one-bedroom study had depression and low tea. Now, I'm asking a depressed person, potentially, depressed and obese, to give them another three months, with how they're feeling, I would say, I wouldn't feel comfortable doing that. Yes. Of course, I didn't exercise, we have to do those pillars. But it's not like women, women go through menopause. Tax day, new years, Christmas, it's coming. Menopause is coming for women. But for men, it's not true. Men can maintain the same level of testosterone. Again, certain things change, but to have a man suffer in silence for absolutely no reason, and know that it's something that is treatable, I think, is a huge mistake. We have to go in there and we have to treat. It's not to say that, again, diet and exercise, we know, and sleep are key. I was looking at some data looking at five nights of poor sleep, decreases testosterone by 15%. And then also, you and I were talking that an individual can increase if they lose roughly 15% of their body weight, they can increase their testosterone by 250 nanograms per deciliter. That's a lot. That would take someone from 300 to 550. But the same goes for if someone gains weight. They would go from 550 down to. Well, and I love that because you talk about the reality of the motivation and the mental component that if you can start treating them, they might actually have that motivation to start losing that weight they never lost, whereas if we're assuming they're going to do something that they have not done before to get their testosterone back up. Now, what about these testosterone beasters, like natural excental mutation, Tangat, Ashwaganda, how effective are they? It's not my first length therapy, and it's also not my second length therapy, and we have evidence-based protocols that work. We have spent, I mean, I haven't spent, but there's billions of dollars that go in to make sure of the efficacy and safety. We know testosterone works. If someone wants to use Ashwaganda, you know, when I was treating the military operators, I always put them on 500 milligrams of Ashwaganda. But it wasn't for their testosterone per se, maybe it was for their stress. Maybe it was for their cortisol response. We have to be very clear as to what we are treating. And if we are not clear as to what we are treating, then the outcomes that we are measuring become blurry. This episode is brought to you by something sweet, and it's not me, it's Manakura. Let's talk cards, specifically honey and no, it's not another nickname for my husband. I usually call him something else. People have this idea that cards are bad, and that is simply not true. I use Manakura honey daily. Well-positioned cards like Manakura honey, they have been amazing for my personal training. I think of Manuka honey, which is what it is, is a functional carbohydrate, not just a sugar. It's serving a purpose. It's not just adding empty carbs. Honestly, we use it anytime, we need a natural sweetener. The bees collect the nectar from the Manuka tea tree in New Zealand. It's very complicated. The nectar is unpacked with bioactive ingredients and the honey that is produced as three times more antioxidants than your ever honey. If you are looking for a good honey, and you are looking for something sweet, you can check out their website to learn more, head to Manakura.com slash doctorline for $25 off your starter kit. So along those same lines, we talk about some of the alternatives. I also see a lot of influencers on Instagram who are not physicians. Talk about testosterone hair, but you should be taking a testosterone. What are your thoughts on that? It goes something like this. And this is being generous. If you had abdominal pain, would you go to the dentist? No. You mean to tell me that if you had abdominal pain, you wouldn't go and call your dentist for abdominal pain. I would not. Okay. If you were looking to get your testosterone treated, would you have a criteria for people that you are listening to? Speaking of the dietary supplements and kind of those testosterone alternatives, what do you think about these influencers on Instagram who are talking about testosterone, but aren't physicians? Social media landscape is fascinating. In the era of the velocity of information that spreads, it's unbelievable. Do you know that Actans, you've heard of the Actan's diet? Yes, it's a great one. It's peak one out of 11 people around the Actan's diet. That's crazy. I believe it. Do you know how many books he had to sell before that happened? I know I did. 10 million. Okay. An individual can go on TikTok and they become a viral success in two days. Doesn't mean that they are correct, but it does mean that they are popular. My perspective on influencers. Influencers by definition are there two influence, they are not experts. They should be if they are smart. The best influencers are educated by the experts and then go and quote influence. The problem that I'm seeing is that it's like taking medical advice from a mechanic. Maybe you want that mechanic to read your MRI. Don't want that. Don't want that. They might be confident. The questions are they competent? The done in Kruger, effect right, and believe it. Yes, yeah. Therefore, when I'm thinking about who I'm going to go to and listen to, they have to be trained professionals. The reason that people go to influencers are no offense to the physicians and scientists, they're not usually entertaining and it can be very boring and it can be heavy. But they're typically well trained and correct. The influencer space, they believe that they are experts and that can become damaging. I think because of when you talk about sound clips, even asking you about testosterone, there's pauses and there's considerations because you're going through this breath of knowledge just in your head of all these different situations and things that we know of and research, whereas that influencer, they're so absolute and they can give that sound bite basically because of their ignorance. That's right. They also have nothing to lose. A trained professional spends years cultivating knowledge and excellence. They're very thoughtful as to how they think about things. An influencer, they don't have the same rigor. They come across confident. Definitely. I mean, that it's competent and it becomes very damaging for people because I remember I was listening to someone's speak and they were talking about how everyone should be on testosterone. I mean, is that true? No. What if an individual has normal testosterone levels? And that individual is listening to an influencer. They go on testosterone and they shut down their fertility forever. Then this person is unable to conceive or in order to conceive, they're going to have to go get sperm extracted from their testicles with a needle or something. Not fun. I mean, I don't know. I don't have a set, but I can imagine that that's not fun. Yeah, they have to be very, very careful. Infloncing can be a good thing, but it comes with responsibility. And again, the people that are reckless have nothing to lose because they never work for anything in the first place. It's a good point why people should listen to your show to get qualified. Also, it's not me, right? I am not. If I have an opinion, I will tell you this is my opinion. I will also tell you this is where the evidence is. This is where it's limiting. These are the things that we have to be cautious of, but I would say that the smartest people, the most impactful individuals have a scope of knowledge. And they will tell you where that knowledge ends because there is intellectual integrity. Love it. And then the flow is our hotline. I mean, what could possibly go wrong with the internet around? What could possibly go wrong? Well, back to testosterone. Yes. And now we've agreed that it's pretty good stuff. What about the different forms of administration? So I'm looking to go on it. What's the best way to do that? Great question. The first thing that you have to figure out is what is someone willing to do? There are a number of different modalities as to how to get testosterone. And there is testosterone intermuscular injections. That would be in the shoulder of the butt. There or the thigh, but I don't recommend that. There is- What is your recommended method? I mean, hurts. Okay. No, no. I've seen it. All right. All right. Let's see. It seems like it hurts. Yeah. There is testosterone sub-cue. And that's my favorite way of delivery. Sub-cue testosterone a few times a week allows for a steady state. As opposed to a weekly injection gives you a high peak in a high trough. That's what you and Dr. Morgan Teller were talking about. He naturally discovered his patient started feeling bad. What at the end of two weeks? And he checked her testosterone. That's true. So you're not getting that with the sub-cue. You are not. Okay. Also, one of the reasons that we monitor blood work so much is the elevated hematocrit, which is the blood viscosity can go up because of impart that big peak. If you are administering it through the week, sub-cue, you don't get that huge peak. And for someone who is a responder and seems to get elevated hematocrit, which is why people go donate blood, this could be an alternative, which I think is fascinating. Yeah. There's also other ways of administering testosterone, which people don't often think about internal nasal. I can snort it. You. Well, I wouldn't necessarily say snorting it, but you can get it. Yeah, put in your notes. Okay. Twice a day, one to three times a day. Here's why someone will use that. Short acting. You could use it before sex. You could use it before a workout. It does not seem to have the same long blood lasting effects as an injection. Wow. Interneasal and also may affect fertility differently. The less impact, less impact on fertility. All testosterone you have to disclose must, can affect fertility, but this seems to be a bit less. I wonder, like cognitive function and brain. I mean, it's just from the proximity piece. Does there any, you know, there's a little bit of a question. I don't know, but that is a fascinating question. There's also oral testosterone. That's lymphatically absorbed in that's chisitracks. Typically, you take it with a fatty meal. What about my liver? It doesn't go through first-pass metabolism. All right. There's also Androjell. If you have kids, don't recommend that. Also, I would say once someone goes to injections, they have a really hard time going back. So we have gel potentially patch, but, no, really, this is not. You have I am injection, sub-Q injection, internal nasal and oral. The sub-Q, I just got a pinch my skin, throw it in. And we could probably show people how to use that. It works really well for people. What they have to look out for is depending on sensitivity, they can get a reaction, which is very itchy. But it seems to be the best way. Both men and women seem to really like that the best. And so do I have to mix that or can I just, can you just pull it straight out? Yeah. Right. Okay. Easy. Easy. It's super easy. Or are there any like needle-list options besides the oral job? Like, is there some injectors that are in there? There is an auto injector now, too. Oh, okay. Yeah. Again, the needle-list option would be the internal nasal, which I don't think has the same impact on the blood levels. We don't see that. But also has potentially less effect on fertility. Great to use for sex. And for working out, the other thing is Kaiser Tracks, which you take more than once a day. A lot of people like that as well, which is the oral, which is absorbed in the lymphatic system. And the gel. But don't recommend the gel if you have kids because you don't want your kids growing a beard. I mean, now that you put that in my head, I'm thinking about it and they would be pretty cute with the beard. But okay. Would you as someone who wants to, or someone who is considering testosterone, do you think you would have a proclivity to one or the other? I think I'm okay with injection. Never injected myself with anything. But I don't have a problem in needles. I can watch somebody draw my blood. So I don't think I would. One of the other things is the managing someone's expectation. How fast is it going to take them to feel better? Yes. And you don't start testosterone and feel better immediately. Do not put that in your head. Because guys will say, okay, well, I started. I just don't feel anything. You should really give it three months. Will it take three months? It won't take three months. But give it three months. After the first month, you should start to feel better. Typically faster. But the reality is, let's say you start testosterone. Your levels are low. You go on it. What can you expect to feel? Yes. Typically, people feel less joint pain. They feel less fatigue. Their sex drive increases. Their mood gets better. From a physical standpoint, they find that their recovery seems to be more robust. Three months in, when you are in a good dose of testosterone, the world looks different. Like, a was saying that 5%. People feel better. I love that. That's very exciting. I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors. And that's our place. I'd also like to acknowledge my mom jokes that are coming in hot about my old pan. It was so toxic. Even my veggies wanted to detox after dinner. That's about. Seriously, non-stick cookware is still used very convenient, but it comes at a cost. Non-stick contains harmful chemicals like Teflon and other PFAS, which can reach into your food. In our home, we use our place, which is toxin-free, high-performance cookware, and appliances designed for safer, simpler use. The hidden dangers of traditional non-stick cookware is loaded with forever chemicals. Dump them, it is not worth it. If you want to start somewhere, start with the 4-piece cookware set. It is your best way to overhaul that kitchen. Stop cooking with toxic, cookware, stop spending time with toxic people. Upgrade your place today. Visit from rplace.com slash doctor lion. Use the code, doctor lion for 10% off, site-wide. That's 10% off site-wide with a hundred-day risk-free trial. Free shipping free returns, you will experience a game-changing cookware. So, here we are. I'm vain. What can I expect by go on test, fostering the next three to six months in terms of my body composition and muscle gain? Your vanity will not improve. But aside from that, you and I were talking about the Pashan, his study, and there was a study designed where it was 600 milligrams of testosterone and aunt that weakly for 10 weeks. There was 25, I think it was 25, 50, 125, and 600 milligrams, which is a lot of testosterone and aunt that weakly, no exercise plus testosterone, no exercise. People gained seven pounds of lean mass. Yes. Exercise plus testosterone was 13 pounds of lean mass. 13 pounds. So, you're telling me, some exercise, some testosterone replacement, I could gain 13 pounds of lean muscle mass. And I'm sorry, it was 25, 50, 125, 300 milligrams, and 600 milligrams. Have you ever go with hot 600? I would not, and here's why. Okay. It's a great question. And I have very much struggled with dosing, because the average starting dose is anywhere from 125 to 200 milligrams weekly for a man. What if a man goes on testosterone and doesn't feel better, but he clearly has low testosterone? And when I say low, let's define less than 300. He might be an individual who has androgen insensitivity. Typically, people do not measure category pizza. You cannot go to the lab and get a category pizza. The average person will never know if they have an androgen sensitivity or not, receptor-sensitivity or not. What if, and I, you know, looking back on my practice, I had a guy who many, many years ago came to me, and he was taking probably 500 milligrams of testosterone a week. As I said, brother, listen, I'm sorry, I'm not going to be prescribing that. And he said, doc, I swear, this is the only amount that makes me feel good. Even though his total ant is free, we're high. Because there is individual variation, but I personally would never go to high. I guess that makes sense, and this is more probably in that steroids line. Because I have heard body builders say they don't take that much, like compared to other gossip, but they still grow. So that individual could be a very androgen sensitive. And so it's true, like a lower dose might be more effective. So your question, is there a certain amount of muscle that someone is going to be able to put on probably? There is probably a cap, but when an individual starts with testosterone, let's not say steroids, it changes how much they can probably put on. Again, I'm not saying this in absolute, because this is my opinion, think about it. An individual goes on testosterone. Is there a level as to how much muscle they could put on? I mean, there's probably a genetic cap. But if someone then adds additional animal agents, like we're seeing in the enhanced games, is there a cap for the amount of muscle that they would be able to put on? There might be a cap, but it's still super physiologic. Right, this is very interesting stuff. Well, it's interesting because there should be a level of, again, we are talking about health and wellness, and should you go on to testosterone or not. If someone is low, they're hypogonatal. I believe that they should be able to be replaced. I am not concerned about the risks. I think the benefits outweigh the risks. Now, if we're talking about someone who is using agents, to enhance performance, and enhance physique, you are going to arguably trade health for performance. For vanity. Yeah, but if you are not an opt-on range for free testosterone, and you go on it, there is very little risk. You're going to get the health benefits. You're going to get some vanity. You're probably going to improve body compositional. It sounds like a win-win win when we're cross-hobbing. I believe that's a true. And of course, if you are going on testosterone, how do you do it responsibly? Number one, you educate yourself. Number two, you are taking frequent blood work. You start with a... That's frequent. Exactly. You start with a baseline facet in the morning when your testosterone is specific to highest. If you go and have breakfast before your blood draw, you potentially could lower your testosterone reading, maybe 20%, maybe even higher. Could that? Not saying anyone should do that. Of course not. It's possible. Two readings of less than 300 would then put you in the hypoconatal category. Once you initiate treatment, we typically check it four to six weeks later, because you want to make sure that the hemoglobin hematocrit, again, there's some controversy as to, do you need to donate if your hematocrit, which is that viscosity of that blood goes up? And I would say, we should follow guidelines. Yes, you should probably donate. Is the evidence great? Not necessarily, right? And someone who lives in altitude will always have an elevated hemoglobin in a matter of... Right, so I say that there's a performance benefit there too, right? My runs might get a little better. They might get slower, who knows, but yeah. And then you want to check, we typically check every three to four months. And then what range do you turn to keep people at? If we were just talking about total testosterone, it should be anywhere from what I have found is that men feel better anywhere from 500 to 1000. But if you have very sensitive receptors, you might feel great at 350. So it's just looking at the blood work and then following up with that individual, seeing how they feel. And then making sure they are doing all of the other things, like diet and exercise and training, you know, we were talking about erectile dysfunction, and how are you going to solve for erectile dysfunction? Well, believe it or not, exercise can improve erections. That's awesome. Uh, penis pump can also improve erections, and that would be somewhere I was reading 80 to 90 percent effective, not very romantic, but still. And then exercise 150 minutes with just the guidelines because you need blood flow. Right. The vasodilation, you need blood flow. What diet? I guess fat intake? I mean, how does that affect testosterone? Now, you definitely not an answer as a PhD in your professional sciences. We're going to have a certain amount. You have a certain amount of fat. So you would never go to a new level or that could negatively affect your testosterone. So you know, under 20 percent total fat in your micro nutrients. I would absolutely agree with that and also don't gain weight. Do you stay lean? Obesity will lower testosterone levels and lower sperm health. I was looking at some data earlier that if you have pores per mouth, you have a 2.6-time greater likelihood of having cancer. The sexual health with the male obviously is so important, but it is kind of this canary in the coal mine in terms of what goes on with that is predictive of cardiovascular health, cancer, all these other factors. Yep. So, Seaman, okay, if I were to say all right, Nick, what health markers should we measure? So that I know that you're healthy or anyone, or my husband, testosterone? Believe it or not, a seaman analysis is something that people are really beginning to look at as a marker for overall health. The moral BCR, the more unhealthy you are, the poorer Seaman quality is. Also affecting fertility. Makes sense, but yeah, I imagine a lot of people aren't doing that. Right, thinking about it. Okay, yeah, no. But what about the fact that obesity is rising? If 74% of adults are either overweight or obese and the youth is becoming increasingly more obese, we are going to have increasing rates of infertility, which we're already having. Yes. Poor sperm quality and lower testosterone. And for the individual, it's a problem, but where it's also going to be a problem is, if we think about the world that we're trying to create. And I know you and I believe the same thing that we should have robust humans, build a stronger, better world. We are not setting ourselves up for success. We are absolutely setting ourselves up for failure. And you have to attack diet and lifestyle early. It's much easier to raise kids. That will hurt your stomach. Yeah. There's nothing easy on it. All right, that's just, but yes, I hear you. Yeah, that's just like this. So let's say someone doesn't want to go on testosterone. What could it do? If someone wants to try to raise it naturally, they could try HcG. Okay. They could try Klo-Med. Some clinics use in Klo-Med, those are two ways that I would consider trying to increase testosterone naturally. Would I say saw Pometo or all this other stuff I wanted? I would say sleep, train hard, eat better, have sex. I think that's very helpful because people are being sold. There's a lot of test boosters out there, marketing, we're seeing, and so from an expert like you to say, hey, I'm not using any of that. This is what I'm using. Anything orally is pharmaceutical grade. It's from my hearing. Well, there is one thing that we touched on, which was Cialis and Viagra. Daily Cialis is really good for blood flow. Over all. It is. And it's really good. I think we're going to start seeing more and more use of Cialis, especially with the prevention or augmentation for cardiovascular health as well. I've seen some performance benefits and exercise, but it's so then, let me make sure I'm hearing right. So again, 46 year old healthy male looking to optimize performance might be on testosterone, but otherwise, found sexual health, but you would say Cialis for cardiovascular health, potentially low dose. Think about it. If a rectal dysfunction is going to be a predictor of a heart disease, or heart disease, heart attack stroke within three to five years or stroke within one to two, Cialis is good for the penis. It's also good for the heart. So, so kind of a preemptive strategy. What dose is there? Do you do 0.5 to 5 milligrams? Do you do you do 5 to 5 milligrams to Cialis a day? Yes. Normal. I think that most people should be taking it. Next, go, I'm not on that. I'm taking note here. I'll let me put that down. We're seeing that, again, it's really important for blood flow. If a rectal health is an indicator of overall health, an erectile function, Cialis is used for... I'm experiencing it. And even like cerebral blood flow, something about like before talk or before a mouse, that's exciting. Thank you for all that. Nick, you and I have been talking about if you're going to be starting TNT for a long time. And you came to me and you had all of these concerns. I did. I'm ready to get you were afraid that it was going to cause prostate cancer. Yes. You were also afraid that it was going to cause heart disease. You were afraid that what else? Irreversible. I didn't know about the administration. How hard that would be? Did I have to inject into my vein, etc. You answered all that. Do you think that people will have additional questions? If you were to say, okay, what did we miss or what is next? No, I think you should charge everybody for this episode because you gave them a free consultation. I'm going to hold you to that. And with that, Nick, thank you so much for making the conversation so accessible to everyone. Thank you. Thank you.