For every 10 people who lose weight, only one will keep it off for good. How you would think about fellows. Because that's what everybody wants. You don't have to count your calories, but it's really good idea to understand that calories matter. Most people don't fail because they're lazy or lack willpower. They fail because they're following the wrong strategy. So what's the right strategy? Listen, we need training three days a week out of bare minimum. The number one most important thing get your energy intake correct. If you want to lose fat, you have to consume less energy than you expect. Dining is tough. A condition in which your body is not getting sufficient calories to maintain its weight almost always cruise some fatigue. And we call that diet fatigue in the industry. By mastering these strategies or habits, you can lose weight and keep it off, no gimmicks, no fed diets, just science backed proven methods. So we took care of most of the theory behind how people can lose weight. But there's a missing piece. The world is really confused about fat loss, about muscle. Where can we start with fat loss? People that are loudly proclaiming things that are one of two categories. While exaggerations or things that are just categorically untrue. Give me an example. Yes, yes. Categorically untrue. Calorie balance isn't death. Calories don't matter. Wild exaggeration. The low carb lifestyle is great for everyone. And you hear that enough from those people. And they're iconic plastic enough that come up on your social media feed. They write bestselling books and all this other stuff. And all of a sudden, you know, your idea of the thing, like I've had people tell me, like, well, so like diet soda's like bad for you. And I'm like, no, it's just near consensus that it's totally fine. It's essentially almost inert. And then like, well, I heard, like, well, you're hearing lies and half truths and misunderstandings from lots of people and social media that just say a lot of stuff. But I wouldn't really only point the nasty blame finger at the producers of this kind of knowledge. I think most of it comes down to a consumption problem. A lot of people are not really interested in what maybe they consider dry and boring ideas. They're interested in sexy ideas. They're interested in quick fixes. Kind of a serendipitous fix where you like, this is really complex puzzle. And you click one piece and it goes, it's all in place versus like having to do this and that. You know what this reminds me of? This reminds me of success. And the things in common between fitness success and business success are actually quite massive on a principal level. They both have that little sting at the end of like, I gotta do all this fucking principal work for years to fuck that. Give me one hack. Just one thing is so I can get successful. So I can lose fat and here's the thing. I absolutely did deep level and never blame people for looking for shortcuts because as we develop as a society, we come up with shortcuts to things. If you told someone 150 years ago, yeah, that's fair. They're like, hey, how do I get to 90 miles away? You get in a car and just do this and it goes. And if we say this in about three or four years, you're gonna do like, you just actually get in a car and just do this and it just goes. I'm not getting in. What the hell is a car? What the hell is a car? You're like, right, this thing that drives us like, it's like having 150 horses but all in one chariot and then the horses are invisible, they can like, you're out of your mind. And then you're like, yeah, it's all shortcuts in the future. You wanna go get food, you don't farm, you know anything. You just show up to the grocery store. You just kind of weird swiping some kind of weird little card and you just take whatever you want. You leave. They're gonna be like, this is nonsense. So if people didn't want shortcuts, if they didn't want massive efficiency improvements in orders of magnitude, they would have never invented amazing things. Like if we were all hard work, brother, someone's trying to invent like the industrial revolution, like the farming equipment, you're like, man, this guy's just a book and post, he's just trying to get out of work, like dude, you're insane person. So it's a great to look for shortcuts. It's awesome. But you gotta be able to tell what shortcuts are cutting your right into bullshit that doesn't work and which ones are actually effective. And there are some effective shortcuts, hacks. But in the diet realm so far, they're few and far between. And you can exploit them really well if you're good at the rest of the thing. Give me the hierarchy. And I'm gonna give you what I would consider probably the hierarchy and you tell me where I'm right, where I'm wrong. Oh, you're wrong, cause you're not me. I'm the only one that knows the hierarchy. It's called the Doctor My hierarchy. I'll take it. Of things, the Doctor My canows, cause he's in bad, special and important. Oh, I'm on a podcast. You are, but you are special and important. So my mom said, calories in calories out, well, I guess the first thing you would have to consider is what are your goals? Are you looking to lose fat, muscle or maintained? Then the next thing would be calculate that number and you determine what that number would be. Calorie number? Yes, you determine what that calorie number would be. And then you would set your dietary protein intake to, for me, I would set it at one gram per pound, ideal body weight or one gram per pound. And then depending on my activity, I could choose carbohydrates or fats. You well underweight, girl. I don't even do the podcast. You can't go out. I was about, huh? I mean, yeah, and that was Dr. Mike. Thank you so much. See you later. No, right on. Right on. Tell me where, how you would think about that was, cause that's what everybody wants. So it turns out you don't have to count your calories. You don't have to count your calories. But it's really good idea to understand that calories matter. Imagine you're in a shooter video game and you have a certain number of bullets in your gun. You got to reload. It doesn't matter if you count the bullets one by one, but you have to understand the concept that you can run out of bullets. There's such a thing as too much shooting at an empty screen and then the bad guy comes in. Oh, that hurts. And he eats you. So you don't have to count calorie by calories. Many ways of doing things. But calories as a physics concept is not so up for dispute. No, it can be up for dispute. If you want to just prove calorie balance, you do a lot of real deep physics equations and deep experiments and bomb calorie emitters and you submit to various journals and five or ten years later, they're like, it's fucking Einstein, here revolutionary. But good news, we don't have to do that because it's pretty well-sense. And all calorie balance says is, if you want to become larger, you have to eat more than you're used to or spend a little bit less energy. You're just spending things I can get into considerably, but the short, long, short of it is energy expenditure is not a big factor in most people being overweight. I know that sounds crazy, but it's just like an ambiguously true. What is a big factor? Is people eat to God damn much? I know that's crazy. We are in Houston, Texas, we're everyone so fucking lean. These are just shredded. These are all skinny people and you're eating people. No. Oh, I was like, I thought I'd say that. Everything was bigger in life. I mean, no. No, it's impressive here. Texas is great. Everything is bigger. Yeah, literally. Everyone. And it looks like people having a lot of fun with their food. I will say that. But the biggest thing about calorie balance is, if your calorie level is here and your body weight is here, probably the big part of your journey to getting your body weight down is going to be to take your calories and put them down for some level. Would that be a controversial statement that people are eating too much? I don't know where. Well, I mean, I think the only reason I say that is because you hear a lot of people say that individuals are under eating. Yeah, I do hear that. So there's a nuanced caveat of way that can be true. And there's a way that many people need it. This is categorically false. So the nuanced way, if we're really going to steal man that is, we could a lot of people who get tired of being overweight, which is a lot of people decide, you know what, I'm not going to eat a whole lot. I'm going to lose weight. And they take their calorie level and they bring it down to a level that's unsustainable. Like 800 calories. Sure. Energy grounds, hunger grounds, mental clarity grounds, getting fired for more because you can't make sense of things grounds. Sleep goes to hell, that whole thing. And it is true that in that acute time frame that lasts days for most people, weeks were some months for a very few. They are actually under eating. So the statement is true in that sense. But because they under eat way too much, they go back around and go, fuck this. Gas me up. They go to Taco Bell, late at night. You know, hot starts. And it doesn't stop because your boys and Taco Bell parking lot all day. I just walk in, they already know me. You have a card. They have my, oh yeah. They could fly a card. The free has a stress. They have your order ready. I'm so in line with the Taco Bell corporation that they actually just eat for free. They just want to see how ridiculously overfat I can get at this point. It's like a science thing. And they probably support your YouTube. Oh, they love us. Yeah. Taco Bell, please don't cancel us. But at some point, those people go back into like, because if you drag your body weight down rapidly and unsustainable manner, especially if you lose skeletal muscle, the profound hunger that results is not something most people can relate to in their daily lives. It's a kind of hunger that if you're watching a TV show where a family is discussing some controversial topic. And you love the show when you're going to go, what's the juice? You stop paying attention to what they're saying and you're looking at the dinner rolls. They haven't touched it. You're explaining to somebody, fucking eat those. Oh my God, I'm not well. I'm that hungry. And for most people, they get that hungry. They just, they go, this is a real trip, Unreal and Fortune trip. They go, this thing I just did, this crazy locality diet. This is what I understand fat loss dieting to be. And it's clearly just not doesn't work for me. I'm going to go back to doing what I usually do. And I'm just going to be fat, because it's either suffering or being fat. And being fat is a lot easier in almost all cases than suffering, starving for the rest of your life. So they just go back and they look back on their diet experience and someone tells them, like, you weren't eating enough and you're like, oh, oh, they make sort of sense. So in a local scale, it can be true. In a global scale, if you give me someone over the course of one year and they've gained 15 pounds, maybe they're married. Maybe the first year, the marriage was just fun, but then after he just keeps fucking that work, he's not path-trimmed, self-deficant. The guys are slow, but you just hate and hate me. The thing that makes your hate go away is the cookies. You just keep eating cookies. And you gain 15 pounds over the course of a year. And you tell me, I was under eating false. You were over eating. It would be really dope if we figured out a way how to underfeed people and still allow them to maintain or gain weight, because we've been sending that information to the war torn regions of the world, where they would do famine control, it would be wonderful. But it's never been seen. Violates, several laws of thermodynamics. It's just a work. So on the grand scale of someone's like, you have just gained 40 pounds, you know, and I've had this literal conversation with like, I think I just not, I don't eat enough, and I'm just like, well, I'll call it my food. Like, that's not it. And I think that that's a really important point because oftentimes you do hear, especially women say, well, I'm just not eating enough, and I have to increase my calories, and I'm underfeeding, and the reality is you might go through periods of starvation, and then there's a rebound hunger that seems to send people into a salesman. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new we've created. It's called Forever Strong Insider, and it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel lion show. As a forever strong insider every week, you'll get ad free episodes, written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show, a community Q&A segment where you can submit your own questions for upcoming guests. We're going to call this the Strong Seed, and behind the scenes content, a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel, and navigate daily life. Go to foreverstrong.supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. If someone were to say, okay, calories in calories out, we've identified that calories in is pretty streamlined, right? How many calories are you getting in weather? The metabolizable. Okay, metabolizable. If you have more fiber, that's going to lower your metabolizable energy. There's that kind of theory. That's the crux of it. Your metabolizable energy in and then the summation of the calories you've expanded on a daily basis. Now, we look at the carbonslamolobesity. This has a lot of variations. I feel like the goalposts have moved on this a lot, but I'm going to give you my closest interpretation of what I think has been popularized. Calories in calories out kind of states that you overeat and become obese in response to the overeating, because you're consuming more calories in you expend. The carbonslamolobes says, it's not so much that when you eat a high refined carbohydrate, you inhibit lipolysis. It's the breakdown of fat. Right. You increase insulin. You inhibit lipolysis. That traps fat and out of post. Since fat is now inaccessible or stored energy is inaccessible to the rest of the body, you overeat response. The crux is you don't become fat because you overeat. You become fat from eating too much, refined carbohydrate and you overeat in response and then become fat. I think there's a few kind of really basic reasons that that is not viable. The first thing I will say is, for a high-pothesis to be robust, it needs to show up across a broad category, various populations, one of the things that I had said to people who were promoting the carbonslamolobesity, because they seem to keep changing it and keep like, well, this study didn't quite do this, and so it's not, and I said, well, if your hypothesis requires these extremely tight constraints to actually be true, it's not a very robust hypothesis. Or, could it be that it is efficacious for a very particular type of age population? I don't know, pretend female type. I would say the first thing to look at is there was a metanalysis of studies looking at various levels of carbohydrate intake in the diet, but they controlled protein and calories. There's about 20 controlled feeding studies. This is important because the inclusion criteria for this metanalysis was the, and I had to be metabolic ward or the food had to be provided to participants. So adherence was high, because when you provide food to participants, you can get adherence above 90%. When you do free living and just tell them to do whatever, that's when you get like 50, 60% of here. Or, yeah, is there eaten under the counter? Right. So, the food is provided to participants, protein and calories were equated, which is important. Obviously, we've got to equate calories. There's a lot of studies out there where they're like, well, this showed more fat loss than this, but then you see, well, they didn't control calories. Okay, might say something for a satiety, but you don't really know if it like mechanistically what it's showing. So, the equated calories equated protein, important for what we talked about, because originally, some of the lower carb research, like out of volic and finise lab, was showing increased fat loss and better muscle retention, but they weren't equating protein and the studies. I didn't know that. Listen, we need strength training, right? And I think we need, you know, right around three days a week at a bare minimum, right? That'd be enough to change to lose body fat. And I think it would be. And I think that, depending on your lifestyle, I'm not telling you for the other four days to go sit in the desk and not move or not be active, but if you got in and you did three days of resistance training and the other four days, you were active with steps and you were trying to get outside and you're hydrating and you're focusing on sleep and you're focusing on something that we love called protein, right? I heard of it. Never heard of it. And trying to, the food I consume, I want it to be powerful, right? Like I'm not going to just eat like a chicken breast in some white rice, maybe it's not school or what you do. It's not school way of doing things like, yes, we're going to have broccoli with it or we're going to mix like you're the way you eat or when you look in your fridge, very interesting and I love it, but it's very organized. It's very organized, but like you had your grass fed steak, you had, you know, some shrimp, you had some chicken, you had your potatoes, you had your rice, you had your vegetables and you had other things up top, your crowd, maybe your kimchi. You noticed that we were looking at my mouth. Yeah, so like for fermented foods and you know, there was never you were never sure of being able to consume something that was powerful. So I think there's a way to eat that's delicious. I think it does take a little discipline and a little planning like if you're going to wake up the next day and say, oh god, I slept in. My meals are ready and when am I going to try it? I never sleep in, right? Because I have. I wish we could live a little children who woke up and we were like, where's Uncle Donnie? I missed that. I missed that. But yeah, I think to answer your question, I think if you got in started with you know, three, 20 to 30 minute sessions and the other day, it's not that long. It's not not long. It's not long. Within the other days, be active like like walk, take the stairs instead of the elevator, move like maybe after your meals go for a 10 minute walk, doing these things that are really going to help you accumulate your steps and you know, I think good things will happen and when good things start happening, then those magic words come in. It's like, all right, I'm seeing progress. What's next? So many people don't want to keep up with you know, with that discipline because they're not seeing progress. So when you're doing something every day and there's nothing in return, it's really difficult to want to continue to do it. So that's my thing. If we could show them a little bit of progress, we're going to get them coming back a lot more. And progress begins, you know, there's the physical progress, but also being able to set a standard for yourself. You set a standard. You execute on that standard. If you were to say, if you're out there listening and you've never picked up a weight, which I know some people are in that spot or maybe they've always been doing cardio because again, cardio is easy, jump on a piece of cardio equipment, but strength training is a non-negotiable for reducing body fat and changing body composition. Don has trained every type of person under the sun from famous people to athletes to tier one operators who we share together. If someone starts at 20 to 30 minutes of resistance training, the readies a week, how should they think about it? Should be a Monday, Wednesday, Friday? What kind of it should be? How should they space it and would these be full body exercises? I like full bodies because now we're repeating what some frequency and I think someone who's getting started, the big complaint is I don't want to feel too sore, right? I like the sort of- Is that the big, I got to get really sore doing this? And I'm like, but so if you're turning around and you're training frequently, meaning like a Monday, Wednesday, Friday or Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, you're allowing yourself a rest day, you know, in between, mentally, we might develop some motivation, which becomes a problem. When most people start training, they get so excited and they get overzealous and they jump in there and the next thing you know, they're there for an hour and a half and then they're sore the next day and then they come back in and they do it again and then three, four days in, they're like, I'm shot and I can't keep up with this and I'm like, I don't have that type of time and that motivation starts diminishing. So I want them to go in, I want them to hit it, I want them to leave there wanting more. Like, leave there not being completely spent. And is that why you say start with 20 to 30 minutes because of 30 minutes, you could probably keep going. I can create any program for anybody. Like, if someone comes to me and they're like, I for some reason at 20 minutes, I lose motivation, I'll design for them, the 18 minute workout. It's just, and I can design it in a way where we're going to check a lot of boxes. We're going to train the entire body. You're going to work, you know, you're going to work all five components of fitness, you know, of strength, mobility, cardiovascular endurance, muscular endurance, body composition. So, you know, all those five components, we're going to check those boxes with if we are, you know, training in a smart way and we're training in a very efficient way. But if you're coming in there and frivolously pulling stuff out of the air, you're going to have a big problem. And there's not going to be any balance to your programming and you're going to over train certain areas of the body or some people like using the term over training, but you're going to overload certain areas of the body. And that could result in some issues in the future. I'm a fan of mobility. I am, I will. It feels great. Just, I call practice. So, what I'll do is I will personally screen someone. I'll run them through some type of a functional movement screening or if there is red flags. I've got a team of medicals I work with where they can come and do an SFM-A or take them through their process. So, once we understand how that person's moving, then I could design my practice or call what you want. Warm up movement prep, pre-hat, whatever you want to call. I don't care. But like, then we could design that very simple approach based off of what it is that person needs. So, if they're lacking an external rotation in the shoulder, he might work on that or thoracic extension or thoracic rotation. So, it's very purposeful. I'm not going to take a woman who can twist her spine like gumpy and start working on open books. It's a useless movement for her. She doesn't need it. She might need to hang from a pull-up arm, work on grip strength. I'm just making this up. Right? But I think coming in and taking anywhere from three to five movements and just rolling through it to where your heart rate gets picked up. But we are practicing things that we want to get better at that I think becomes very, very important. And then, you know, it's how are we structuring the workout based off of their goals? If you're like me, you love a good meat stick and are always on the go. But still committed to putting high quality fuel into your body. Then you want to check out Paleo Valley, one of the sponsors of the show. There are 100 grass fed and finished beef sticks, our clean nutrient dense and free from all the garbage found in most convenient snack. And by the way, this is Buffalo chicken, no preservatives, no added sugar, no artificial anything. They are naturally fermented, which means they support your gut to deliver more. I will be able to nutrients and of course have a long shelf life without the use of harmful additives, which is amazing. Paleo Valley sources from regenerative farms here in the U.S., the kind of farms that treat animals humanely and prioritize soil health. It's like going to the farmers market, getting a good quality snack, and it's still a good right to your drawer. Go to PaleoValley.com slash Dr. Lyon to get 15% off. That's PaleoValley.com slash Dr. Lyon. Supplements. Yes, I'm so glad you brought that up. Yeah, there are some supplements you may be interested in taking during weight loss journey as a little bit of an insurance policy. Magnesian, zinc, vitamin D, a multivitamin multimintero, maybe a greens powder, maybe not, maybe a fruits powder, maybe not, maybe some healthy fat supplements, maybe not. And those just make sure everything squared away and work and find it. It probably is anyway for eating mostly healthy diet, but these are things that are like super, super-mine that you can do. It's a very least a multivitamin multiminer all every day. Probably a good thing. As far as supplements that really have a wall up the fact after that they don't exist. Stimulants are okay, but Stimulants are kind, like a yo-himbe fedra. If I had a damn girl we're back in the 90s. Is that even a little bit more? I think so. I don't know. Yeah. And guys we're not saying to take it. I am purely picking Dr. Mike's brain. So before you get excited, please go to the fender. Oh, you did see Stimulants. I mean, okay, I should probably drink the coffee. Yeah. Right. Stimulants I would say is kind of like a really pretty gnarly sword, like a powerful sword, but there's no handle. You just grab the sword and bleed right into it. And some people have really calistans. They do just find some people out. That doesn't work in the background. Tell you what kind of what Stimulant type of thing are you talking about? Yeah, yeah. So some people Stimulants make their brain go really well and they're productive and aware and all the field grade. Some people just get a lot of anxiety from them. Like way more than the anything else. And then like this, I can't live like this. Some people fall asleep fine. I can I could do because do a natural experiment. You give my wife an espresso. It's 8 p.m. You wait until 845. She'll pass out of the couch. See, my husband, too. Actually, you give him a espresso at 8. And by 8. Oh, five, that guy is done. So if you give me an espresso at 8 at 4 in the morning, I would be like connecting the dots and conspiracy theories, checking into a psychiatric world. Well, not that part. But yes. But you talked about caffeine. Either other ones. I mean, yes, let's say over the counter. Stimulants. The beans, the main driver of all of them. And other Stimulants are interesting. They have some interesting fat loss and health benefits. But the teeny tiny. And actually caffeine is quite teeny tiny. So if you can use caffeine to give you a bit more energy, if it doesn't interfere with your sleep much. And if you can do it to have that, it's got a pretty interesting decent hunger suppressor for fat. What about nicotine? Nicotine is in the same of that same situation. nicotine has some health downsides that caffeine does not. So it's just not my first go to. Nicotine has substantial addiction potential. So it's not something you use on a diet and then quit because you're like, I haven't plucked a more nicotine right now. Just go straight to SIGI not even the filter ones I'm talking about. 1950s. Like your fridge probably has in there right now. Yeah, definitely. It's just full of cigarettes. And shrunken head. Yes. If you open I do never know what's going on. People have died from smoking cigarettes. It's a lesson. But nicotine, because you hear out with the fasting community, the missing nicotine pouches. Yeah, it works great for fasting. But nicotine is a pretty hard drug. So drug drug, a capital detox. So if you want to get addicted to nicotine, dope. Nicotine also doesn't have like great of profiles on your blood pressure from what I understand. Heart and amics aren't great. Caffeine is a little bit of that, but substantially more muted from from my understanding. Not an expert area of mine. So you were a big one at my becapping. Yeah, for most people I've started caffeine and work you at the cocaine as that happens. He's still guy. He's just joking. Yes, don't don't go take in cocaine and less than in the 80s and how it a good time. So basically, stimulants are on paper sometimes really cool. And for many people, they're a great kind of adjunct to this process of dining that works pretty well. They have the downsides interfere with their sleep. When you're not on them, you get headaches and literally like physiological drug with drog. If you're not on enough of them and you're phase after you're done dining, you're really hungry and drives you insane. If you wake up in the evening or in the middle of the night or in the morning, two are likely to take stimulants yet and you're hungry. There's no way out for you because the fuck, you're anti-hunger thing is also a weakfulness thing. So as the stimulants are also in study after study, caffeine doesn't by itself have a very good raw thermogenic effect. And so if you can control your appetite for me, that's okay, but also your body gets used to it real fast and so like coffee worked great week one and week eight, you need like eight monsters and five coffee isn't it? It barely does anything. It's all side effects at that point. This is understandable. So as far as supplements that work well, I would say caffeine's a cool thing to use, stimulants are cool in context, but they're not this panacea that everyone should have. Now this might be the time to talk about modern and arctic drugs. Yeah, so what is that? Yeah, so an arctic is mean something that reduces your drive to eat food drive and so an arctic drugs are drugs that reduce appetite. And so there are a couple of classes. There are two classes right now of an arctic drugs that work really well. It's the, so technically the third generation, GLP one, Agonists, like Ozenpeck, okay, some arctic of time. And then there's the fourth generation, GLP, GIP combined Agonists and that's a zepound, turns up a tide. They work amazingly well. They're the first kinds of drugs really of their kind and mass market. They get at the problem of hunger from a pretty root perspective compared to caffeine for example. So there's suite of side effects is much more minimal. Their suite of side effects that improve health is substantial. They're net health and prouver. If you just give them to the random person, they'll just get healthy over time. It's fascinating if you're fast into it. That's fascinating to pick deal. Because usually you get drugs like that. But it's killing you. Like nope, this is a lot of that I mean. Oh yeah, well the stimulant based drugs have suffered from a lot of the same problems. Here's another really trippy thing. There are now at least a few studies that are multiple years long that show people do not get used to GLP ones. However much hunger, it made you lose. And at first several weeks, this is exactly how much hunger it's going to make you lose in week number 92, which is unreal. And how fast? And they, you know, they work pretty fast. People will say, oh, will it take? I don't know. What is it? 46 or 48 weeks to reach. Peekers, there's multiple inflection points that an individual could be get to lose weight. But I mean, we see it in practice. By, you know, four weeks into, I mean, they're losing weight. Whether it's 24 weeks in, they've lost a substantial amount of weight. I think it's very individual. Whether it's Thursday and percent or 22 percent. So I can speak to that with Sunday too. Most people will feel an anoractic effect within several hours of administration of the drug. Much of its subcutaneous once weekly. So within several hours, you look, you may have an idea that you're going to eat a lot of food. You put the typical amount of food on your plate halfway through. You're like, fuck my doing. I don't want the song. Yeah, I'm happy. And so it's kind of hits right away more or less. And then these drugs have very long half life that are measured in a week or longer. And so you take it once a week, which means if you run the math, a lot of, for example, some agulotide reaches its peak at any given small, like any given dose you start. Let's say, 0.5 milligrams per week. It reaches its peak affecting your blood five weeks later. Even if you don't add anything, it's just like once a week it take 0.5 milligrams and the dose in your blood goes up, up, up, up. So one of the big take home points from this is if you have an amount of some agulotide you're taking and you just start to take it in. And you're like, how do I feel out of the hunger effects? Do I live a bit of a busy just stay out of for a few weeks? After a few weeks, you're going to be like, holy. Yep, they got it. It did not my dose because that would have caught up to you big time. And then it takes weeks for it to go back down. Be sick and nauseous throwing up. You could be the side effects definitely if you increase the dose too fast or not. And a lot of times like people will get on social media and blame the drug. Like what did work for me and Amy throw up? Like how much did you take that age? She's, I don't know, like the whole thing. Oh my god. This is unreal powerful drug. So for most people, they're not going to need that much. And then it's really kind of a turned dial for hunger. The more drug you take, the lesser hunger is. And then you just like lose as much weight as not you want. But pretty close. More or less. I mean, as long as you can tolerate the side effects and big time, if you're diet and lifestyle, a comportwell with the drug. One of the things about these drugs is if you give yourself high palatable foods that are also high in fat, then you're able to like outrun the drug at the mouth and brain and eyes level, cookies. And then your stomach's like two middle fingers and up a goes or you feel really sick or you're all sorts of both holes. That's a situation. And so it's really a big mistake to do that. So the best diet you can have for these drugs is a healthy diet, relatively low in fat, but low in calories and high in healthy food so that you never have to run into this problem of tolerating the drug poorly. We have a friend that has been taking these drugs and she's a completely transformed her body. And she had lovingly called the macaroni and cheese and she's a few weeks into the drug. She was like a family gathering in the ricomb mac and cheese and she took the right kind of portion too, a little bit of it and she was like, no bathroom. The body's like helped too much fat. And so if you manage your diet properly and you take these drugs, the primary way in which they work is they use their anaerocctics, they reduce food drive. And they do all kinds of really awesome things for your health, including mental side effects. They actually make you less prone to every kind of addictive the immune types that are so hard. You see that all the time in practice. Individuals that are interested in alcohol seem to be no longer interested in alcohol. It's a fascinating thing. Yeah. And so these drugs are not mandatory. You can lose tons of weight and get super healthy without them. But I would say that in the modern context with the evidence that we have, they're definitely like a tool on the in the toolbox and if you've really been struggling without them, I would say going to talk to your primary health care provider about them as a real society. Absolutely agree. You know those people that can fall asleep anywhere. That person that gets on the airplane and before they even take off, they're asleep. I'm not one of those people. I need all this sleep help. I can get and one of the sponsors of our show, AG1, has done it again. They have created AGZ. And this is a nightly drink that helps you wind down. It's melatonin free with clinically studied herbs and adoptions and minerals. AGZ is one of the few sleep supplements that contain both magteen, which is magnesium, l3 and saffron. Two high quality ingredients at amounts supported by research. That's amazing. It has 250 milligrams of highly bio-available magnesium and every serving, which is providing over half your daily value. AGZ is NSF certified the gold standard in independent quality and safety certification. It is 3x melatonin, gluten, dairy, added sugar, artificial sweeteners. If you're ready to turn down the stress and turn up the relaxation, then head to drinkag1.com slash lion to get your free brothor with your first purchase of AGZ. Which supplements have the best evidence? Give me your top. 3. I also have a few statements that I need to yes or no answer, which can be very difficult for you. I've got a box of me in. I'm being listened. Okay, so my mouth rush more of supplements is not going to like thrill anybody because it's going to be stuff that everybody's aware of. Number one is creatin model hydrate. I use. Give me the dose. 5 grams per day. Do you know that 12 for brain health? There's a lot of time. So there was, so for muscle 5 grams per day, we're saturate. There was a recent study that showed an acute 30 gram dose actually improved cognitive function. This guy, I can never pull. Can you imagine? I would say that can you imagine are you doing with you? We know like just you know I'm so excited to. I can't believe you. I'm very excited to chat with your current beautiful lady, but I would just not want to argue with you. It would just be like, well, that time in 2003 at 517 and 30 seconds PMO you're right. Okay. So this is I already know this. Wait, I'm going to call you out. No, we know this is about lane. He is a freak when it comes to sign to the literature or numbers. An ally ridiculous. If I'm like lane. So I would love for you to come to Houston on September 22nd We're planning on having dinner with everybody this day in one year and out the other. Okay. What about that event? This guy, you give him a date or something else. Anything with numbers outside of academic education or money? Forget it. Did anyone know that about you? Probably not. My girl. I've heard of her nose. Yes. I think it actually gave her like a hard time for a while because she was kind of like like I would struggle with dates, times recalling certain things in conversation. Yes. It should be like called. This is called man friendly. Yeah, man. Yes, man. So I don't want to deteriorate. Yes, we have to close this out because people do not know this about you. No, and I never I guess you realized that I just thought study wise that that's how people work. And lane, last year we were all in the event and he goes, yeah, I've never met anybody who just like the pain of my sweet dream that I was getting. It's a pain of my existence. So yeah, I don't know why I got that way. I just had a photographic memory when it came to studies and you know, it just kind of worked out. Creatine. So five grams. Five grams. 30 grams. For muscle. 30 grams of cutely for the handouts work. Yeah, so I don't actually know that. I forget you got one. Now the question I would have is, okay, would you get the same benefits if you just like took that five gram maintenance dose and over time you would get there? Perhaps the 30 gram dose is just a saturating effect early on. It makes sense. Who knows? Hopefully that cognitive research is going to expand more. But I honestly have a really people like, well, do I need creatine? No, you don't need it. But I have a hard time making the argument against taking it. And do you know that you know how much creatine you would get in a cooked state? Yes, you would. One pound, a pound. A pound, you get about half a gram of biobal creatine. I mean, so that would be what? Two enough pounds of weight. You would have to eat five. To top off. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. It's a little bit more that I think I worked out the math. Yes. Everybody wants to know. There's a claim from the carnivore community that all you need to do is eat red meat and I'm like, well, you need to eat about seven and a half pounds of red meat. Well, does make cooking much easier and menu choices? What is your next, what is your next supplement? Let me finish with creatine. So if I'm trying to be on track, you don't need to load. If you have gastrointestinal side effects from it split into two, two and a half gram doses, that will help with the gastrointestinal discomfort. Also, any form of creatine other than monohydrate in my opinion is a waste of money. All the studies looking at different forms of creatine, creatine monohydrate performs just as well or better. And it's the cheapest version. So get that. If you want to go a little bit more boozy, get the micronized version, get more soluble and exes up better. Next one, caffeine. The original, new tropic. The original cognitive enhancer. I'll take it. Very consistently show caffeine will it actually increases BMR slightly. May improve fat loss just a little bit. Cognitive, like task recall stuff, people are better at performance, people get a little bit better at how much what's the kind of dose. So if you want like strength and power stuff, you got to get like three to six milligrams per kilogram. So pretty high dose. If you're looking at like anti fatigue cognitive stuff, probably around like 100 to 200 milligrams of caffeine. So basically it's how crazy do you want to feel? Yeah. So for me as a super ADHD person, I'm kind of a caffeine junkie. I mean, I all have about 500 milligrams of caffeine before I train. But I'm also like, you know, if your ADHD stimulus don't affect you the same way, I just that doesn't make me like, it just makes me very focused. So I like caffeine. Obviously, there's the, you know, the impact on sleep. Again, no solutions, only trade-offs. If you are someone who trains later in the day, the half life of caffeine is six hours, you're probably like, let's say you're going to train like five PM. You're probably better off having your caffeine dose like maybe like three hours earlier. And that way, you know, after six hours at least half of its out of your system. And some people are fast metabolizers and some people are slow. There's some genetic variants. I think it's COMT is just a snip. But again, as one snip. So some people, you know, caffeine affects them. Other people, they're able to metabolize it very fast. Yeah, to get, look, again, when we do studies report averages, if you know that you're somebody gets really jittery with caffeine intake, you know, taking the amount of caffeine that you feel like you can tolerate. And then way protein. So way protein just. Why way is the process something else? Well, one, it's, it tastes good. Even like unflavored way actually has like a little bit of sweetness to it. It's easy to flavor. It mixes up well. The consistency's good. It's not super expensive. And it's very high in losing. So loose. So loose. So loose. In is the amino acid responsible for triggering muscle protein synthesis. Now, I would consider way protein of the popular proteins out there, the highest quality protein. Very bio-veilable. Great pdcos. Pdcos is an amino acid score corrected for digestibility that kind of assesses like does it supply all the essential amino acids and way does. And it's very high in the branch chains, very high in losing. What about the alpha lactobium and lacto-feron? Are those immunoglobulins? I mean, I know that they're highly available and present in the concentrate. The whole way. What about the way isolate? Does that also have alpha lactobium and lacto-feron, which are, again, immunoglobulins that are good for gastrointestinal health and immunity? So, potentially good for immunity and gastrointestinal. Yes, what I'll tell people is weight constant trade has those and it's less expensive. Usually a little bit higher in carbohydrate, higher in lactose, higher in fat, is a weight constant trade. But you're getting some of those other things that we're talking about that are maybe beneficial for like gut health immunity, those sorts of things. Weight isolate, less of those, but also virtually devoid of lactose, very low in carbohydrate, very low in fat. So, it really just depends. A lot of people have difficulty tolerating a straight way constant trade. Oh yeah. A lot of the, most, a lot of people can tolerate like a blend. So, like kind of an isolate constant trade blend. And do you like that over a rice peep one for exactly those reasons? I mean, I am biased. I do like way isolate over that because rice peep one, I mean, yeah, there are probably other bioactive compounds that we just don't know, but I think way, we have a pretty good understanding of what's in it. I like way isolate and that's what my company outwork nutrition sells as a protein because I wanted something that most people could take in. So, way isolate, it's very low carb, very low fat, it still tastes good. I want to know because you haven't sent me any, I mean, but he's the cover and show there. Oh, you got to do it. I didn't get show. I'm going to see. I'm going to see you show or see. So, I like a way isolate just because I know most people are going to be able to tolerate. There are some people who do have are really sensitive to the lactobunins in a way that still don't tolerate a way isolate. Very small percentage of population. For them, you can do a way hydrolyzate. Now, they're increasing in levels of cost. Like, concentrate is the cheapest way isolate little more expensive. Way hydrolyzate is more expensive. Hydrolyzate is enzymaticly digested. So, those polypeptide chains get chopped up with enzymes. So, that will almost, I can't imagine somebody not being able to tolerate a way hydrolyzate. The downside is more expensive and it doesn't taste as good. But, if you want a good, high quality way and you're somebody who you know you get a lot of gastrointestinal discomfort with way isolate or a way concentrate, way hydrolyzate would be an option. Oh, sorry. It's time to report an ad to the show. Thank you to one of the sponsors of the show. Timeline and listen. My kids still sleep with me. And after 470 nighttime snack requests, bathroom breaks, my husband snoring, myself. They're like a yojin. We're tapped out. Enter might appear. Timeline nutrition is one of the most thoroughly researched products. I've come across an over a decade. Look, to carry it in my purse, they have peer reviewed published science. And this is where it is really interesting. So, for those of you who are following the Muscle Center at Lifestyle, when you increase bio energetics, you improve muscle function and how. In adults, 40 plus, Timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance and no change in activity. So, whether you've been active, resistance training your whole life or you're just getting started or you're not getting a lot of sleep and you've got a million requests. Your muscles and your mitochondria need help. And they have just launched their low sugar vegan non-GMO gluten-free gummies, which by the way, I am eating by the handfuls which I shouldn't, by the taste delicious. Timeline is offering our community 20% off your first order. Go to Timeline Nutrition.com slash doctor-line and use the code, doctor-line, to get 20% off. I recommend trying their starter pack with all three different formats. And of course, their gummies, which are incredible. Can someone just lose body fat? Or do you think there must be some lean mass loss? Is there a way to do it? Under some conditions, you can actually gain lean mass while you lose fat, but the condition has to be your pretty new to training or you're not new to training, but you're new to significant quantities of metabolic steroids. There are a few other conditions, but generally speaking, when already lean people lose weight, they use some combination of fat and muscle. When people who aren't exercised, they haven't really trained and they haven't lifted weights much and their diet is just whatever they feel like. When they start getting a healthy diet, higher in protein, and they start lifting weights, which we covered on your on the last appearance here on the show, then they can actually gain muscle and lose fat at the same time for months and months and months and months. If not here, but for people that are already pretty lean, or people who are already lifting weights, yeah, there's going to be some combination of muscle and fat. How would you define pretty lean? Let's say someone was a overweight female who is now a tractor calories for two weeks. She has determined what her maintenance calorie is. Let's say it's 1800, and she decides to decrease her calories by 350, 500, so she's eating. What is that? 1300 calories? Okay. Do you account for activity or that's the number? The activity question is a little bit of a different question. Well, then I shouldn't go there yet. We can definitely handle it. Okay. Whenever you like, so how do we determine who's fat or not fat, who's lean? I'd say the easiest test in the real world is like someone's wearing clothes, and you just come up to someone else, you're like, she's fat or not. It's really straightforward. If you at least look like an up and down shape, you're good. If there's stuff coming off the sides in the front and the back and the whole thing, you're fat. Now it's ruthlessly unscientific. Quite discurdiest to say to someone, you would never tell someone something like that. But it's one of those things you look at documentaries in the 1950s. How many people were fat? None. How do you know? I mean, they're just closed, right? I would say. But yeah. That's what I mean by generally lean. No one would look at you and be like, that's definitely a fat person. So if we like take a little walk and offense, use some Texas, the fatometer is going to be at the grocery store. Like fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. I mean, you sure? You don't think that six-nerve pound ladies mostly lean body mass? No, yes, I would not say that. So people who are of generally like close enough within 15 pounds of their insurance table adjusted body weight, you can consider them fairly lean and without some rigorous weight training and very perfectionist diet, they're going to typically experience significant amount of muscle loss. People who are significantly more overfat may lose less muscle, but also a lot of that is because they start being more physically active as they lose the weight. So that's a big deal as well. If both groups of people start weight training when they start losing weight, then they just build muscle loose fat at the same time and that's a really, really big deal. As a matter of fact, on that note of weight loss, if you don't lift weights and you start losing weight, you do lose significant amount of muscle. And it doesn't actually matter where your protein is. We think, I mean, yes, protein has a protein sparing effect, but without activity. Without stuff, without muscular specific training to get more jacked, it's actually protein doesn't have a terribly protein sparing effect. That's right. But you can't eat 300 grams of protein up to like getting jacked if you don't lift weights. It actually just gets burned and you're screwed in all that whole thing. So you're totally correct about that. So the lifting weights thing does matter, but a little while back, one of the new interactive drugs, so as I'm thick, got a little bit of hot water because people were like, oh, like it's causing people lots of muscle mass loss. It was true, but it is no more muscle mass loss than you would expect with people who lost like 55 an a year. That's just going to be a lot of muscle loss. It's not especially a thing that GLP ones even do. And there's actually a new review that came out that was like, it was exactly what it would expect if you just lost a lot of weight. I think as those people never lost that much muscle, because they never lost that much weight. Because the, and I've got all great sorts of great things to say about the interactive drugs whenever they do they do have a big role to play in all. So I want to finish covering the macronutrients, how you would dose dietary protein, how you would think about dosing carbohydrates and how you would dose fat. And if there is a particular distribution that you would use, I am coming to you, Dr. Mike, and I want to lose weight. Somewhere. In any case, let's pretend you're just enormous. Like, not just overweight, but like offensively enormous. Are you pretending? Right now. Oh, yeah. Why was looking at crystal? Stop checking out my weight. I mean, she's the best. By the way, um, she's going to be another podcast guest here. Thank you, Andrew Coates. I will now put two and two together. Yes. So there are two ways to go about it for macron. One way is to use the expanded fitness approach, which includes macros that are not ultra specific, because the people who are using this, they want to diet, that they can easily do. It does not require a huge departure from normal lead to habits. For those people, I would say, take your body weight and pounds and multiply it by like 0.6, 60%. So if you weigh 200 pounds, anything at close to add or over 120 grams of protein per day is more than enough to provide a great amount of protein for almost every need that you know. So it's a set of that again. So it's 60% of your body weight. So instead of a grand propound, it's a perfect 6 grams of propound for someone who's wanting to lose weight. Correct. And that is more than a protein to meet all of your needs. If you begin to resist train, it's more than a protein for most people's goals. It'll largely prevent muscle mass loss. Actually, it gets some accretion going, so that's really good stuff. And is that roughly 1.6 grams per kitchie? Is that how they're like? I don't know. Okay, okay, okay. Out of America, Dave. We are. Okay. I thought it was a little bit of Texas, so I don't know. You never know. That belongs to America. No method Texas, so 0.6. 60% of your body weight. Yeah, and pounds, which is not a lot. And so, but that is the scientifically honest answer. To how much protein we probably really need need for the capital N, especially people that aren't like trying to optimize hardcore. That's an important point. Yeah. It's not necessarily fully trying to optimize. You just want to dip your toe in and get some great results. That's totally cool because a lot of people get that grand propound thing, which is what I use. It's the number I'm going to say next. That's the optimization number. So if you wait 200 pounds, it's roughly 200 grams of protein a day. But even if they're trying to lose, if they're trying to lose weight from 200, you would still say meet the 200 or would you say meet their goal body weight? There's a few ways to go about that. One is a protein has a decent anti-hunger effect. And so, if you actually eat 200, even though you don't need it, it can be pretty decent. The goal body weight is totally fine. You can scale it to lean body mass, which also works just fine. Yeah. You need to get your body hot measure to know. Yeah. So you're saying that there are multiple ways to do something right. For sure. But any answer between taking your body weight and multiplying it by a close to half point six, all the way up to a grand propound per day, is a lot of really good answers in there. And it's nothing is if someone was sitting next to me on that airplane. First of all, it would be highly inconvenient because my arm... I mean, you just... If you go bad for that person, you're just kind of on their sea. You know, I try to get the sea going and I put my hands in it. I really try to stay on a piece of the way. I did not pay for that side of the sea. But if they told me, listen, you know, like a weight of your pounds, and I'm really trying to get fit, I have like 160 grams of protein a day. Is that like too little? Absolutely not. You're doing great. Now, if you want to step on stage, Mr. Olympia, you might have a different goal. You want to optimize super physique. You're already lean and jacked. You might need more protein. If you're a significantly older, et cetera, et cetera, you might need more. But for most people, especially like our hypothetical female audience for this podcast, 0.6, all the way to a grandest total fine. So that's for protein. Do you care the kind of protein? If you go to get your protein in a really wacky way, yes, if you eat mostly lean meats, animal products, and lean vegan products that are complete protein sources are complementary, no big deal. But if you're counting mostly protein from bread and just peas by themselves, you're going to run into some problems. Yeah. So protein qualities, I think, that's actually an all-eater part of the discussion. Oh, like we have two comes from, yeah, so macros first. Yeah. But that was a great question. For carbs and fats, there's a very distinct story for athletic performance, an optimization of hypertrophy and all the stuff. And that story is kind of like meet your needs for fats. And then the rest should probably come more from carbohydrates than fats. What does the needs for fat? So for males, probably on females as well, you just generally have two class of need. One is the essential fatty acids of which you need like a total of two grams per day. That's what you need to like stay alive and well. And then there is a need that comes from hormone optimization testosterone, et cetera. And then number significantly higher. That number is measured more in the 20 to 30 to 40 percent of your calories per day. Many people can do a broad range of that. Some people really prefer one of the other. Another consideration for how many fats you eat is, this is kind of the main point of the carburetor's fats. As if you're just trying to loosen God damn weight and get a little leaner and get a little healthier. Maybe a lot leaner and healthier. How much carbohydrate versus fat you have as long as you're meeting that technically speaking, two grams of EPA and DHA fats per day. The rest is down to very, very nuanced specifics and it just doesn't matter that much. So if someone says, you know, I have 20 grams total of fat per day, but I do have a essential fat supplement. I feel great, best time of my life, all of veggies and rice, I can eat. I love it. I'm losing weight. You won't hear me say it. Damn thing. But if someone says, look, I'm trying to low low fat high carb. Mr. Twinkie, that's what I call him. It's a reference to my genitals, by the way. Oh, I have no idea. Yeah, it doesn't work anymore. I do have like totally lost interest to live. I'm depressed all the time. I go, okay, you're eating too few fats, you're testosterone, then the gutter, you need the more fats. But a big one is preference and what works in your daily diet. So if you're the kind of person that likes salmon and steak, whole eggs, which are great healthy foods, you should probably the little bit fewer carbohydrates and more fats, same calories, protein is already squared away. But more fats fewer cart. If you're the kind of protein, the kind of protein, the kind of person that is super cool with higher carb, you're not really into fats, nothing in your diet, really. You don't crave fats. You can dunk the fats pretty low and keep that carbs much higher. But for carbs, the low end is considered something like, oh, I don't know, 10 to 30 grams of carbs per day, predominantly from green vegetables because they have a lot of fiber and nutrients in there. That's low. It wouldn't recommend that as a first principle thing, but there are a lot of keto people in carnivore people eating that and at least in the medium term, they get lean, the very healthy, they love their lifestyle and all it's about. So there's a big broad range of carbs and fats, as long as the calories are held constant, you got your protein squared away, plus or minus carbs and fats is mostly a try it. See how you feel that. Some people fats give them a lot of fullness through the day. Are you a higher fat or higher carb person? I haven't eaten to preference in a generation. Interesting. What is your just out of curiosity? I'm currently on about 25 grams of fat per day. Okay, so you're a lower fat person. I mean, I'm not because I hate it, but I have to do it for bodybuilder, but I'm not the demographic for this talk. Holy shit. But it's interesting, you're right, you might not be the demographic for this talk, but I'm telling you that I've been doing this for a long time and the knowledge that your demographic has for body composition. Is second on that? Yeah, no, like the body bovers kind of figure out how this all works. Hydration isn't just about drinking co-zero or other sugar-free swing beverages like Red Bull now. I'm saying this for a friend. Or it's not even about drinking more water. It's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes and fluids. During life's most demanding season, like I don't know, parenting, maybe pregnancy or postpartum, your body is going through massive changes, blood value increases, hormones shift, breastfeeding demands, you know, all those things. All of these life transitions, you probably need more and better hydration and you need electrolytes. Like sodium, magnesium and potassium. Elements has formulated to replenish what you actually lose without sugar, fillers and junk that you don't need. It's a clean, effective way to stay hydrated. And for men, again, it's not just about hydration. It's also about performance, recovery, mental clarity, and yes, even energy. Whether you're hitting the gym, chasing kids, or grinding through your workday, maybe even your teeth, dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus and endurance. Elements helps you stay sharp, strong, and ready. We use element because it works. Taste amazing, and it's no nonsense, just science, dehydration that actually makes a difference. And right now, element is offering a free sample pack with any purchase that's eight flavors to try on the house. Go to drink lmnt.com slash Dr. Lyon to claim yours. That's drink lmnt.com slash Dr. Lyon. Stay hydrated, stay strong, and as Goggins would say, stay hard. In terms of weight loss, there are two things that are required for re-comping body. And I'm not talking about additional antibiotic agents, and I'm not talking about additional GLP1 or GIP medications. It is resistance training, and this is the work that Dawn did some of the early studies again, thinking ahead, resistance training, and maintaining and or increasing dietary protein from the RDF pointy grams per kg to 1.6 grams per kg. So doubling the RDF. That seems to be within the literature just the way to make it happen. If I were to ask you, how do you suggest someone think about structuring a diet who is a postman of causal woman? She is, I don't know, 55, hitting the gym. We should, I want to make sure we talk about exercise. What is her exercise plan look like? And how is she designing a diet? Again, I do think that you should talk about carbon, because there is a way to make it extremely easy. So what are the macronutrients and how would you think about it? And then what are the practical things? Should they use something like aluminum? Should they use? I just want to throw that in there. Should they use? I don't know, XY and Z. How do you think about it? So first off, there are many paths to Rome. There's obviously people who have and always tell people, if you need to debunk any of this, you just look around people, like for example, well you can't lose weight if you're eating refined carbohydrates or high carb diet. Okay, what about Professor Mark Howe who lost 27 pounds doing a Twinky diet? Like he was eating 800 calories a day, but he mostly ate stuff from 7-11 and protein powder. Like that's what he ate. So again, we just have so many examples of different people's, you know, on the plant-based side, you'll have people say, well, you know, if you're eating a lot of fat, it gets stored as fat, you can't lose fat. Well, how many examples of low carb diets do we have? Like it works. And then it passed around. What works is finding something that you can adhere to. Now, when it comes to the actual nuts and bolts of structure, you're diet, the number one most important thing is to get your energy intake correct. Meaning, if you want to lose fat, you have to consume less energy than you expend. Now, let me just do a couple of quick caveats in that, because I know there are people who say, well, I know I was in a calorie deficit, I didn't lose weight. No, if you, if you ate, so everything we eat is a carbon backbone structure, right? You ate those carbons, they have to go somewhere. And if you got, if you gained body fat, your body did not create carbons out of nowhere. They came from somewhere, okay? So, I'm, we're very well accounting for those. So, we have to get the energy intake right. Now, what is that? Now, there are variances and whatnot, but essentially, like you're trying to find somebody's daily energy expenditure. This is, you brought up carbon. This is kind of what the app does when it's originally like asking you questions and whatnot. And it's usually an equation out there to kind of determine your BMR and then we're using a questionnaire to determine your physical and then it's kind of taking the stab at it. You know, now you may get it wrong and maybe wrong, right? Like you might overestimate underestimate for, I would say 60 to 70 percent of people, it's going to be pretty accurate. That's how, you know, bell curves work, right? But then you adjust based on how you respond, okay? Let me back up. Is that, yeah, we want nuts and bolts. I want to know how many are how are we doing? Yeah. Are we thinking about protein and a percentage? I mean, this is exactly how the app works on the back end and the algorithm. And the reason I'm bringing up carbon is number one, I think it's amazing. And I may or may not have just recently accepted a position as director of women's health, very excited about that. Shout to Mike, he's in Hawaii right now. But also, how do we make things easy for people? And also, but before we talk about carbon, I need you to tell how many grams of how are we thinking about protein is a percentage? Which no, we are probably thinking about it in terms of grams. I know where you come from. I know this school with that. Are we thinking about a baseline number? So if the current RD is 130 grams of carbohydrates, does everybody get that off about or do they have to earn that increase in carbon? You know, I think about Shane, my husband, who's running Chicago marathon. Right. If we, you know, we have to come for that. And then the fat, where do you, how are someone listening at home who doesn't have carbon yet? Mm-hmm. What are they going to do? So again, depending on your goal, if your goal is fat loss, yeah, we're just called fat loss. Fat loss, while muscle, muscle maintenance. So you get your, you get your, let's just say you get your calories right. Okay. So you have to get the right amount of energy to lose fat. I mean, your deficit. The next step when I construct a diet, and this is how the app works as well in the back end is okay. We have the amount of calories that we think is going to be reasonable for somebody to lose fat. Then we set, what is the deficit do you think? Um, is it a 10% deficit? How do you begin to think about it? It just depends on like again, it just depends on how quickly somebody wants to try and lose weight or fat. This is somewhat of an experiment when it's interesting because you are an evidence based scientists and even in evidence based practices, we still have to adjust and kind of go with, I mean, there is individuality. No matter how you look at it and the randomized controls are, you know, broadly speaking, hopefully through populations. Yeah. I think people, um, again, I think everybody should have to think of basic statistics scores because I think people have a hard time understanding like the concept of variance and whatnot. So if we have calories set, the next thing we're going to set is protein because it's the most important macro nutrient for the reason we talked about thermo-confective foods, the tidy body composition. And so I said that as a gram per kilo or gram per pound of lean mass. See, you and I are different here. Yeah. I don't know my lean mass. Well, so again, this is Matt producer. What's your lean mass? Why are you trying to get here something on your man bag? So the reason I say lean mass is because if you have somebody who's very obese, it's really going to overestimate protein if you're giving it based on their actual body mass. But again, a lot of people don't know their lean mass like you said, which is why, and in carbon when they're signing up, there's questions, if you don't have an actual body fat measurement, then there's some questions about waste or comforts and whatnot. We make an estimation of what your body fat is and from your body fat, your total weight, we can determine your approximate lean mass. People get so hung up on this, it's not a big deal if we're slightly off, right? So we're saying, you're like ideal body weight. I deal body weight, somebody could do as well. So we're looking at around two grams per kilo of lean mass up to three grams per kilo of lean mass is what the app will end up recommending. And that's typically why I recommend it as well. Now, it's three grams per kilo lean mass might sound like a lot, but when you consider if you're not doing total body mass, it winds up around probably 2.2 to 2.4 grams per kilogram of total body mass for somebody with an average body fat, you know, on average. So that's on the upper end, but again, I like protein, but again, in the app, you can adjust within a certain range if you want to. So once you've got calorie set, once you've got protein set, again, I like around two grams per kilogram of lean mass. Of lean mass, which is interesting, I'm trying to think about what that would be. So if someone was 52 kilograms and that's their total body weight, you think, is there someone's named Gabrielle Lyon? No, I'm smaller than that. Yeah, kind of, but I think I'm actually smaller than 52 kilograms. You know, how much have I'm 100 in? I don't know, maybe buck 10 if I'm lucky. How many grams are protein with that bay? Right around 100 to 110. Okay, so probably eat that. 110. And you're pretty darn lean. My guess is your body fat is somewhere around 12, 13% body fat. I'm not that high, but 10%. Let's get it. You know, you're looking at about 100 pounds of lean mass. That's about 45 kilos. You double that. 99. About 100 grams of protein, right? So our app would put you anywhere from like 100 to 100 for the grams of protein, depending on your personal preference, right? And so once you've got the protein number set, we have to deduct those calories out of your total calorie goal, and then you have carbs and fat left. And so what I did is a coach and what the app does is kind of say, what do you what kind of dietary preference do you have? Do you prefer a little more fat? Do you prefer a little more carb? Do you like a balanced diet or you plant based or you ketogenic, and you can pick any of those things, and it will put you and will, you know, distribute the carbohydrates and fats appropriate. Is there a minimum amount of carbohydrates that you seem to like for an athletic person? I mean, it depends on the athletic event. If we're talking about somebody doing like actual anaerobic stuff, for a lift or let's say for someone who is lifting, doing resistance training for hypertrophy three days a week, but they're just doing it to maintain skeletal muscle mass. What are you thinking? Do you care? I'll give you the straight down the line scientific answer, and I'll give you the job to try and opinion your guys. I like it. I guess yes, yes. So the straight down the line scientific answer, is it doesn't seem to matter that much. Crabahedry to fat. There are some individual studies that showed less lean mass a cruel on a ketogenic diet versus a non-ketogenic diet equated in protein, but there was also a recent meta-analysis showing that there really wasn't a difference between high carb, low carb, with protein equated. I think if you inject me with true serum, I think a little bit of carbohydrates is probably better just because even though carbohydrates and insulin is not antibiotic and the physiological range, it is anti-cathabolic. It doesn't have it protein degradation, and there was actually a study from Tippedin showing that post-exercise when they gave carbohydrates with protein or a vitamin with amino acids, that the net protein balance was more positive when they gave it with carbohydrates. You can still make body composition improvements by just being consistent, and again, you can change it for if someone is moderately trained or more advanced, you would increase the either volume or intensity, which would you think is more important for body composition changes? Specifically, fat loss. Yeah, you know what? I would have to look at training age first. So if someone is new to training, if I'm coming in with an intensity approach, in my opinion, most people are not going to be able to stabilize and maintain. I mean, if I had my wish out of it, I mean, I would balance out between some volume work and dropping down volume and raising intensity. I think it is, it's been my approach, my entire career. I will set my training up in the different blocks, blocks of like two months, right? Where is that how anyone should do it? No, no, this is just how I do it. So I'll set up like January and February will be the same program, but I'll have progressions every two weeks and the exercises will change in February. And then March will come. Yeah, yeah, I mean, listen, I've got to pay a tag like, during, I'm a hack hockey player. You know, it'll be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, but if you're playing three, four days a week, you know, you want to be careful about how you load the spine. You want to be careful about specific movements that you're doing. Like, your body is, could potentially, you know, could take a toll on your, on your body. So I think exercise selection is important. And I think is intensity is important when you're playing that much. And then when you scale off, I think it's a time that puts you foot on the gas in certain areas and maybe start focusing on a little more strength and power and you get a little bit more aggressive with certain things. But all throughout the year for me, it's like those workouts start with that practice portion. And that's what allows me to feel very, um, lost. I like that term. I don't like it. It's just, it's a fun term to use. And it's not, it's not a scientific term. It must be very clear. But it just feel more, feel more, feel more floss and feel more loose and feel more recovered. The pull for the beginner, what are the best pull movements that, again, you know, you and I talk, we're really training for longevity, even, and everybody should, whether they're a military operator or an actor, it's your body's your tool. Resilience, yeah. Exactly. What are some of the key pulling exercises that you like? Yeah, I'll break it down from like a vertical pull or horizontal pull. So it's no different than the pressing, right? Vertical pull can be your pull-up chin-up neutral grip pull-up lap pull down, right? Like that's your vertical pulling, right? You're pulling high down. And your horizontal pull could be like, you're what I'm dumbbell row. Your chest support your face pull, right? Some with equipment, some with dumbbell, some with machines. It's, you know, if you have access to that equipment, I'm all for you, you know, have fun with your training also. Like if you're getting in and you're training at home all the time and you're bored, and you're just like, oh, you know, don't get me all wrote me the Stumbelt Road to Stumbelt Program and I'm just getting bored of it. Like go to a gym, get some variability, like have fun with your training, like going there and, you know, don't make it miserable. Like I want you to enjoy it. I have a question that I don't know the answer to and you might not know the answer to this. Probably not. But this is so fun having you on the podcast. Where did these exercises come from? I mean, who invented, I mean, just think about it. We create these programs and then we continue them a squat make sense because that's something that my kid could do. But where do we, where did one determine that a poll is important? I mean, a poll up would make sense. But some of these exercises have you ever thought about who developed them or what? Yeah. I mean, and I think we have a few names for a few of the movements out there, right? But I mean, people are inventing crap today. They're just like throwing a name on it and you say to yourself, well, obviously through social media and through the reach that we have, I think these things are so much more visible and fitness now is so much more accepted than it was, you know, even back in the 60s and 70s. Like that was fit that people who were fit, Jacqueline, I'll never forget it. I was, I trained with him once. Yeah. So he was, he came into Goldschirm. I want to say it was either as 90th birthday or Goldschirm's like, hundredth or 90th anniversary and they had Jacqueline kind of walking into the gym and he looked at me. I was in a sleeve of shirt and he's like, let's get me on camera with that kid. So I ended up working out with him and, you know, he was 90 years old. He was in Klein Press in 55 Pound dumbbells and I got to sit with him and hear a story a bit and when he passed, I was invited by his wife. A lane, her name is Elaine Lollane, right? And down we went to the Tribeca, one of the Tribeca theaters and I sat through this documentary. I got to be honest, I was Tariah, I'd most of the time because this guy, people who was like, you know, back in the days, I got out, I'd been mixing all these fruits and vegetables in this blender and blending them together. People are like, this guy's crazy and he's, you know, pulling a bar, she's swimming and he's pulling this humongous barge and he's doing all these feats and he is really one of the people that kind of set the standard and I think kind of, yeah, in a way normalized, like what it is, we all go to now moving weights and moving and I think it's such a beautiful thing but when you turn around, you look at these exercises, some of these exercises have been around for centuries, I mean, thousands of years, like there have been people doing some of these movements and, you know, once in a while you'll be able to find a picture of a physique from a hundred years ago and you're like, oh my god, like he's obviously nanny, like he looks amazing, like, but it's cool to see that, it's cool for me to see it, but nowadays like, yeah, like you look at the RGL, like it's a hinge, people have been hinging forever and suddenly someone's like, oh we're going to call this the Romanian deadlift or, you know, it's like, we're movements that again, have been around for a really long time. The pull-up, like, oh wow, that's a real scientific game, like someone's hanging from a bar, like pull yourself up, like we're calling that the pull-up, like it's probably how it literally happened and then we just hung with these things and now you see all these sports scientists now researching and trying to find out other ways to do things more efficiently, but I also, it's interesting about a lot of this research is we've all seen research that have been published and, you know, you've seen it then contradicted, you know, decades later and, yes, there's certain research papers that we'll, you even explain. Yeah, that you'll look at and you're like, oh, this is solid, but you know, I also look at specific experts in our field that have been doing this stuff for 20, 25, 30, 35 years and there's some of the best research experts without having things published. Exactly, who you're referencing. Yeah, so it's amazing. For me, that's, for me, that's impressive, like, just because a paper might come out and, it might say, well, there's no evidence that mobility is helpful. Well, this guy's been doing it for 30 years and this guy now is 70 years old and he moves beautifully. My evidence is going to push myself in that direction or sometimes it takes time for evidence to catch up with, but we know or hypothesis. The, we talked about squat, push, pull, core exercises. Yes. Tell me how important those are for beginner and what we should be doing. Because I remember I went on a good morning, America and I called you on my dad. They want me to do exercise. I'm like, do you remember this? Yes. And I was like, here's what I'm thinking for the core exercises. I went, blah, blah, sit up and you're like, oh, no. We're not doing it. Sit up. So explain to us good core exercises and why. Yeah, I mean, I want to be clear the situps been around for a long time and there are plenty of people that can do situps and never have back issues. I'm just, when I, but maybe it's not the bad. I mean, yeah. So the reason why I don't program, it is because, you know, statistically, a lot of people have sore backs and a lot of people are sitting in this position. They're in this chyphotic position all day and just adding, I think that flexion, you know, under strain can be, can be detrimental, right? So I'm a huge fan of one arm carries or some type of arm. As a core exercise. Yeah, like, because always core exercise, we think that we're going to be laying on our back to doing situps or, you know, mat over there doing flutter kicks right now. Some of the strongest people I've worked with, they have, you know, we have assigned, you know, carry variations into their training diet. And they've had an incredible level of success with it. I mean, they're so much benefit. There's so much bang for their buck out of that movement. And you know what, like, well, I've seen as a rehab tool. I've seen Dr. Charlie Wyne Graff, you know, post surgery, bring someone in and it's a very whether it's shoulder surgery or whatever it might be, you know, starting them with a weight download is going to be a lot safer than getting them up in this position here. So, you know, I've seen this uses a rehab tool from medical professionals. Very successful. I've seen it used. And a core stability, your number one exercise is a, is it, would it be called an offset carries? It's just a one arm. Yeah, I mean, I mean, some form of a carry pending on, you know, what they're capable of doing, but I love one arm carries. Planks are, I think, I think, I think a great introductory movement. I think, teaching someone to get into a plank position and create tension, these tension techniques, getting into position and say, listen, we're not going to hang out in this extended position. Squeeze your glutes, squeeze your legs, squeeze your legs, you want to teach them something yesterday about a plank. It was, it's not about the length of time that you can hold a plank as an individual could like. It's tension, yeah. But you said that it was about creating tension and being able to hold the quality of the plank under tension. Right. And that I thought was a really good learning tip. I think it's a great way to kind of supercharge your plank a bit, right? Where most people, I could hold a plank for eight minutes. I great. Like, there's trust me, there's plenty of strength carry over from that. But when I see most people holding those positions, they're in a bad position. And they might be loading themselves in a way that I don't think is, I believe in my opinion isn't the safest thing for them. So, I think teaching them how to do a hard-style tension technique plank for 10 to 20 seconds, where I'm literally like telling them, envision a tornado is blowing over you right now, as you're in this plank position. What are you going to do? How are you going to stabilize? So, like, well, I'm going to try and rip the floor apart to stabilize them. Exactly. Are your glutes going to be tight? They're like, yeah, you should chin position going to be packed. Yeah. It's like I'm moving around them trying to like palpate their body, trying to move them a little bit. They're just literally shaking within 10 to 20 seconds. I submit, they're really an isometric hold. Exactly. And how many reps would they or how many, yeah, would it be considered a rep? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would put them maybe under time. Like, so I would start someone off, like, hey, listen, let's see if you can hold that position, because I put people in the positions and they're like, I can't hold a plank. And I'm like, okay, we're going to work up to that. And then there's other things, like, yeah, they can't hold a plank, which I've seen. We can hold a like dumbbell with two hands. How late are we talking? As late as we have to go to where we're adding external resistance to the equipment. We want people to want them to get under load. Yes. We want them to get under load. And I think that that's probably one of the biggest misconceptions for people is they'll say, well, you know, I can't lift that. That's too heavy. It might be a 10 or 15 pound weight, but that's a problem in my opinion. But I think it's just a thought process because you could go lift your child or a suitcase. And it's going to be a good groceries. That's right. It's going to be much heavier. Back of groceries. How about this? I'm traveling this afternoon. We got a suitcase that we're carrying. That suitcase is going to weigh a lot more than two pounds. Like, you better make sure you're able to carry this stuff. I'll quote recently. I was listening to a physical therapist talk about the one arm carry and how he likes loading it so heavy that he's like, if you can do a shrug with it, like it's too light type of thing. Right. So I thought that was a really good indicator, but I also understand, I am not taking a newbie into the gym on day one when they're feeling vulnerable or they don't have that foundation. And I'm turning like, hey, Mr. Smith, like you haven't trained in 40 years or ever. Like, let's go for a grab that 24 kilogram kettlebell and go for a walk. Don't worry if it's heavy. Like, God forbid something happens. Like, we have to develop that confidence, whether she can do it or not. We have to develop that confidence. I want them to turn to me. And I want people to feel empowered when they come in to exercise. And when they go and they play with their kids, I want them to feel empowered. We saw a woman that you know the day in her 60s. She was killing in the gym. Hilling it. Hilling it. And you know what? Most 20, 25 year old guys. She's stronger than me. She's my size. She's stronger than me. Sled pulling, sled pushing, sweating out of breath. Walks by me gives me like a fist on my go, oh my God. Who is this superwoman over here? She runs ultra. Yeah, it's a press. And now we've just, and she moves well. There's not too many people who run to ultra, is where I'm like, wow, they move really well. Oh, she's really, really well. Yeah. It's interesting. I was on a podcast and I said, okay, well, how long does it take to see these results? It's going to be 24 weeks. And yeah, it could be it all depends on the question. Is it it? Yes. It's like saying, you know, how long is it going to take me to get to Cleveland, Ohio if I drive from Detroit? We can answer that. But the question of how long am I going to really think? Is my car really going pretty fast? Like, oh, I don't know, like within 30 seconds if you're getting out of your driveway. Bathroom stops. Right. 100%. And so when people say like how long until I see these results, it's like, well, like every week, you're going to be losing a pound on a half for as many weeks as you keep praying until you need a psychological break. That could be 12 weeks easy. It's like just keep doing it. And what I would say psychologically, a really good advice, I think is, don't worry about that end goal too much, the process. Your healthy foods get your 10,000 steps. Take your Zapbound. Just let it cook. It'll do its thing. Don't you worry. And if it's not, you adjust your food. You go to the doctor. They adjust your medication dosage and the psychoropeats itself. I have another quick public service announcement because it doesn't get sad enough. I don't think. A lot of people have all sorts of interesting ideas and opinions about it. I'm bad going to let whole craze. And most people, many people come from some place of either kind of a reflexive anti drug ideology, which is nonsense to begin with. You can steal man it, but it's really tough. And other people come from kind of an iconoclasm, like, well, I'm not into these drugs. There's a problem. And it's mostly just people's feelings. It's not really based on ideas, but it's true that some of these drugs can be improved upon. But it's not a hypothetical. Because I can tell you two true things. One is there are already drugs in late-stage clinical trials that blows and pick out a fucking water. If you're at home, Google Retouch Retide, Retouch True Tide, all-one work. Triple Agonist hits the GLP, that way GIP and Glucagon. And I don't know how the fuck they did it, but the Glucagon pathway non-stimulant increases your resting metabolic rate. You just burn more calories. It doesn't wig you out. No psychotropic effects. You just burn more calories and you're less hungry. And whatever the fuck GIP does, I don't even know. Triple Agonist. Retouch Retide is going to be on the market probably in a year. And a Zempek is going to be like super discount cheap drug. Because it's saying shit. If you look at the studies on how much weight people are losing, it was like, was that because the big deal? Triple Agonist is a bigger deal. Retouch Retide is that same step. And it needs your pharmaceutical companies around the world. Though, so Retouch Retide would be generation five in this drug scale. They're working on six isn't early testing. Seven isn't development. I have to ask your question. I don't want to go down a conspiracy rabbit hole by. I love those. Okay. Now we have a highly palatable process food, massive food industry. I love that industry by the way. Yes. I will sit here and defend it. Okay. Now we have a drug that is severely limiting people's challenges with obesity. I mean, people are losing weight, food addiction from some of these highly palatable foods are going away. Do you think that some of the influx of anti-obesity narrative drugs? Do you think that potentially that is influenced at all by the food industry? Or where do you think the division is going to be if at all? That's a great question. So you have the situation where the food industry is just trying to get you to spend as much money as possible. They're not such big fans of you dying because then you don't spend money anymore. They're also not big fans of you getting out of shape because then you don't like your life and you blame them and that sucks. It does not like a Hershey CEO that when they see morbidly obese people barely getting out of a car, the perfect, they don't like that at all. What ideally like to see people eat Hershey's candy bars in a state of coloric balance and enjoying their lives? That's how they were meant to be eaten. That's how they are eaten in the 50s and 60s, etc. So the vast majority of the food industry wants you to have the tasty food you want and have a great time and not die. The problem is they have no idea how to do those last two things because most people are like buttered popcorn, I'll take 50, they blow up, the food industry is like, sure how we could help these people, but we don't even know how the food executive has no idea how to lose weight and that's not as job. His job is just get people to buy tasty food and it's not a job he chose to be like this is what we're going to make Americans do. There is no conspiracy. The reason the food industry exists and it's massive and makes all these foods that kill you is because you want it motherfucking out of you, but the royal you get me to get a stop people from pulling up to Taco Bell every fucking hour of the day. I'll start to believe there's a food conspiracy if they're still pulling up. Talk to those people. Bill, who where did you see this? Where is the advertising? They're like, I just fucking like Taco Bell, get out of my face. Wait, wait don't don't don't get out. I'll just awkward be to crunch. Now go people want the stuff. So that's the food industry. Then you have the anorectic drug industry, very nascent, very just getting born. That's going to come back apart of that, the excess part. There are two ways for the food industry to respond to this primarily. One is to change their advertising. Go hey, you're on these drugs. Amazing. You do you, but you can still have a slickers bar every on again and they're completely correct. Healthy balance. I love dope. Because I don't know about you, but I'm interested in living in a society where the government's like no more, no more baby with bars or whatever. No more fucking kit cats. They're illegal because people are too fat. What the fuck? I moved from the Soviet Union to get the fuck away from that kind of stuff. So that would be great. Another other idea they could have, there will be a combination of these ideas employed in that several years, is they're going to try to run the drugs. It's competition. They're going to try to make their food even tasteier. So that you used to be something you could resist on some amount of some aglytid. And then you need or try to try to resist that amount. And that competition is going to heat up very likely over the course of the late 2020s and 2030s. I think it's entirely reasonable to expect. This will either age very well or very poorly. That in the mid 2030s at some point, most of us maybe all will have at home universal robots cooking all of our meals for us. And they'll be able to source recipes from all over the internet, make it a taste issue you've ever seen in your life. So if you want to get fat, the 2030s will be dope time to get fat. But the degree of drug advancement at that point will also be really narrowing. So what we're leading to is a world. And this has been increasingly true for the world, the development world for as long as we can measure. You can get more of anything you want. In the United States, which is one of the freest countries in the world, most developed capitalists, one of the most developed capitalist countries. People observe time and time again. If you want to get fat and lazy, that's placed in the world to do it. You want to lean and fit and shred it, that's placed in the world to do it. Options. You can take the anorector drugs. And here's a really cool idea to try as a crazy I know. When you go to the grocery store to fucking buy the junk food, the food corporation is not lining you. It's not like broccoli is really chocolate on the inside. They buck with you. It's really broccoli. I can't tell you that. And it's listening. The food industry does not care what they sell you. Fundamentally as long as you buy it. So if a lot of people like do that want healthy shit, oh my god, they healthy shit right away. McDonald's had a thing where they tried like some salads and shit for a while, a couple of different sandwiches. They were healthier and it turns out there just wasn't enough market demands. They pulled them off. That's the McDonald's problem. That's an awesome problem. And so there's going to be taste your own taste your junk food. Guaranteed. You don't even need an anorector's battle for that. People just want to taste your junk food. And there's going to be an anorectic situation. In the end, the anorectics will win because at some point, if you just successfully show up to the doctor's office once a month, any gives you whatever 2032, you know, eighth-gen drug. You will not look at food and be able to put it in your mouth past a certain point. Fascinating. It's fascinating. We're going. And if anyone wants to understand how that feels in an intuitive love, they've never taken the drugs. Take all of the malaise away and it's a little tough from a foodborne illness. Stomach flu. And just remember how hungry you weren't. Like you sit with someone who's stomach flu and they're like, hey, juicy cheeseburger. Let's say I can't think about it. You can get that not hungry on two and a half migs of those empath. For six weeks straight. Someone talks about food york. Don't don't don't don't don't go. I'm going to throw up. There's so much upside on that. And if the drugs are slowly reducing side effects, increasing primary effects, they're going to win against the food industry. But those people who don't take the drugs and just, well, say it exactly as I mean it, randomly buy food at the grocery store, they're going to get real fat. Because the food's just fucking delicious and getting cheaper all the time, it's getting great. At some point, an individual has to say, I want something out of my body to go a certain way. If you just show up to the store and eat, buckle, but many of those people aren't even compliant with medications. You're practicing doctor. You know how it is. You're like, take a shot. Everyone can they show up. You got great patients. I don't know that's a typical, most of the folks that are severely obese. They're not your most compliant patients. They forget to take all kinds of drugs. They fundamentally just like maybe give a little bit less of a shit than most other people, which first of all is kind of dope because you're like, fuck it, yellow, talk about, it's great. I watch fat people eat food and all my dude, they're really getting out of that, something I don't. I let's just amazing. But the other hand, it's going to lead to some side effects you're going to have deal with sooner or later. So the whole conspiracy thing, there is no conspiracy. You can try to find one of the great new types of patients. I really like this answer. Yeah, but it's more of like, I think the world's a little bit more libertarian than people like to think, which is a great because we have so much freedom. But it's also kind of meant because like, yeah, freedom means you can make terrible fucking choices. And there's no one considering to make you do it, you're the one that pulled up and talked about the 230 of them morning. So what you're saying is you can tank your health or you can actually be an incredible health is truly a choice. And we have education and resources like your are peace trying than you're in short. App, which you should probably sign me up for free because I'd like to try it. Oh, free. Well, I mean, how can I? Yeah, I don't become a truly an airbag in the way. I know. But what you're saying is powerful is that actually there are choices. And we here have the opportunity to leverage those whatever those choices are in an extreme way. 100%. What do you do? Yeah. I wanted to make sure we hit up your the muscle factor. That's what my next question was because I still cannot get over the fact that you are dieting and talking to me. So we took care of most of the theory behind how people can lose weight. But there's a missing piece. Weight loss is cool and it's a really healthy and almost all cases. But we can do better. We can do that loss. Weight loss with conservation of muscle or an increase in muscle at the same time is a big deal. Because not only do you get even healthier but you take on a shape that I'll just say it because as so much beating around the bush in the ship, but it's not 2019 anymore, it just makes you look hotter to most people. That shape shape. You know, I want to look like Jalo in the show them some dying of antiraxia that's not what I had in my like, you know, shit, Jalo's got curves. Which you think curves made of either fat or muscle. And if you get lean enough and have enough muscle, everyone's got awesome looking curves. Now you may not be into muscular people. I find them rotoscopy completely honest just kidding. But is that a joke? Is that a canton? I can't tell. I can't tell. Yeah. Yeah. I can't even tell if it's a joke coming out. I have to like here to be like, I guess I was joking. And then I don't remember. So basically gaining muscle or keeping your muscle while you lose fat has a completely transformative effect on your health in the best possible way. Like, if you just lose 50 pounds and the doctor gets the blood worked on, they're going to be like, a lot of stuff is going good. We're a little bit worried about your muscle mass level. Little suck of peony here and bubble apply bone mass. But if you do the kind of thing we're talking about where you spare muscle, your doctor's going to be like, I don't know what to fuck you're doing. But I got I want some of it. Do you have like a website or what is who's your coach? So it's all great stuff. And it makes you physically stronger. So when you lose weight, a lot of times when people are pretty overweight. I'm currently technically on paper quite overweight. It's just a lot of bite of the carrier around. It's annoying. It's just, ugh, just sit there. You gotta like get up to go to the fridge like a lean on stuff. If you lose just lose weight, you feel better and healthier and cleaner. You don't feel that you can still kind of feel a little bit frail. If you lose weight while keeping your muscle and increasing it, you just get more or less superpowers. People talk about how they felt when they're in their 20s. Generally, I have almost no idea what they're talking about because I crush my 20 year old self, like with one hand like matrix style canteries. Because I mean you crush yourself. I can crush my 20 year old self because that he's fucking a little bit compared to what I am now. Mostly because my skeletal muscle mass is much higher. But if it was comparable and my fat was lower, maybe you see like that fucking like shining golden 55 year old man at the gym who still has hair somehow and like a fucker how. And he's got that like Florida Texas sort of tan. This is gorgeous. And he still has like a trim waistline and he's like pretty lean. You could talk to him. He's like, hey, like 55 huh, you must be feeling it. He's like, I feel this. I'm in the time of my life. My dad is just a person that's genetically pretty good shaping. He's very physically active and eats really healthy. He's like damn near 70 years old. He's like, things are great. That's how you're going to feel if you lose weight without losing muscle and gaining it. You're just going to look how this fucking shit. I can do things if you lose a lot of weight and you lose a lot of muscle, you might be feeling a little bit frail a little bit tired walking up the stairs as tough picking up groceries and stuff. How do we lose fat without losing muscle? One of the things that protein intake, but 0.6 to a gram per pound makes very little difference from those people in there. The biggest thing is resistance training. And if you want to know about that tune into our last episode, yeah, yeah. But resistance training training with weights. Two to four times a week is enough for most people. Whole body, etc., recover that in the other podcast. It is a huge stimulus to your body. That when you have a caloric deficit, your body points metaphorically at various things. It goes organs, brain, and we still need you don't siphon off any of the resources. Body fat, what do you up to? I'm busy. I've got meetings. Fuck you start losing your self. Perhaps throw us parts of itself off. But it goes muscle. What do you up to? And if you're not training muscles like meetings all day, shut up. Give up some of your muscles start losing it because we need you. But if you resistance training, that still happens. But then the muscle when you're in your off hours, we're covering from training goes, hey, I'm going to take some of this amino acids and carbs and fats from the blood. And I'm going to put them back in me and grow and guess where all those nutrients don't go. You're fat. So you're fat's doubly starving. Not always a start of the deficit. But the fats like finally food comes into the blood. The fats like, oh, come to me. It is a note, muscle takes it and then a guess small and small and small and smaller. And so that effective resistance training is mass and is transformative because a great example of that effect recently was Dana White UFC. Yeah. I made a video about not a big fan of the gentleman he worked with. I said all sorts of mean things about that in that video. But he's he's fan of Dana White. He's fan of what he's doing. A big fan of what he did, which is he lost something like I think 35 pounds ish of weight. But he must have gained 10 or 15 pounds of muscle at the same time. So the metabolic effect is something you would see in someone who's lost maybe 60 pounds of fat. But the muscle came up. He looks amazing. His blood work is amazing. That's the ticket. And he trained with weights multiple times a week with Milo Sarchev who's one of the best ever do it. I mean, we can't all be trellian airs like Dana and get the best guy ever to do it to be our personal trainer. But everyone go to the gym more or less. Well, almost everyone planet fitness is like $10 a month, which is if you can't afford that, I don't believe you. I'll say that. Everyone has access to it. And the resistance training is that big of a deal. But one thing that really starts to be important with resistance training is important in its own right is what's the like the periodization of? Because people say, okay, I've got all the tools to do fat loss. The big thing is dieting is tough. A condition in which your body is not getting sufficient calories to maintain his weight almost always accrues some fatigue. And we call that diet fatigue in the industry. Diet fatigue expresses itself in a couple of different ways. One is your energy levels decline. Your sleep quality declines. Your brain power doesn't do anything good and you're like, sounds like you're in a parent. I'll get me started. I'm like, what did my wife did most of the dog raising at her house? So I wouldn't point you just talking to a friend in the phone. She's again, a single dog, my mom would be chombering her. But she's like, you don't do anything. I'm like, okay, what? You were correct. So dogs hard enough. Kids are totally different levels. Yes, and you have meant mine. So yes, they're adorable. By the way, they could just be terrible monsters. And you're like, why did I have them? Something you're not in there. They're so cute. They're see. Yeah, they can even tell us a real emotion. They're wonderful. They're complicated. Yeah, yeah, I forgot. One to psyches. You know who that is? He was a comedian. He wrote for like all the big guys like Chris Rock and stuff. She had a stand-up once where she was like, yeah, people with kids, man, anytime you're like, yeah, like, do you like your kids? It was it worth it? And they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's worth it. Do you mean that? So in any case, diet fatigue, the biggest problem you're running to with it outside of all the other problems are at least to which you're kind of an early is increased food focus. Now, food focus has hunger within it, but it has all kinds of other stuff. Like that story I told earlier, where you're watching a favorite show and you're just looking at the dinner rolls in the glass of milk. Why isn't anyone going to? Hello, it's just props. Are those cold? Was it a shop number five? No, yeah, that's really hungry. And there's a thing where you've just eaten, you're no longer hungry, but you're still food focused. If you do the diet too long, you're diet fatigue is too crazy. So at RP, we've probably diet-coached several hundred thousand real humans at this point. Tens of thousands of them with an intimate personal coaching relationship, because we have a team of psychotic PhD coaches that are like, they look like we made up their certifications, but they're real. I'm not good enough to work on that team, so I don't bother. And we have app suite that helps the templates and apps, tons of people. And what we've found is, somewhere between eight weeks of consistent caloric deficit, fat loss dieting, and 12 weeks is where most people shine. Eight weeks is like enough to really make a visual difference. If you do a diet for four weeks, the scales now may be five pounds, but you order Chinese and then it's up a pound because of the salt. You don't even know what's going on. You can't really tell the one lady from your work said you look better, but she always says nice things to her, and she just seems she's a liar. And so, and so, it's not, you're not going to get motivated by the process, and you might quit and be like, I don't know, what is it? There's an amazing one of my friends had his mom and a sticker on the fridge, a fridge magnet, and it's like 1950s, women and she's doing this. And it said, I dieted for one month and lost 30 days. So, like, that's how it can feel if you don't go long enough, you don't have any show for it. But after about eight weeks, most people with a good deficit, they're going to feel different. They're going to look different. People are going to say stuff. They're going to fit definitely go, this is great. But their diet fatigue is crazy at in most cases. After about 12 weeks, not all, but many people, they're getting amazing results, but this should have started to wear on them. It wears on them in a bunch of different ways. It's an entire book written about this. But one of them is, your type of social interaction that you can have is limited. It has to be limited. Someone, maybe you and your husband go to the movies. Maybe it's a thing you've been doing for a long time. It's just a tradition. You're on diet for nine weeks. You go to the movie still. You smell that goddamn popcorn everywhere. And your husband's like, those zombies are scary. Like, what? What? Can I answer fucking popcorn? It's off. And so, if you're hard as nails, you can just eat that shit. I'm not literally just kind of. Whatever. Just yeah. No worries. You just get it done. But it's strange. You want to strange you want to strange you want to strange you. And here's a really cool revelation. If you go back up to roughly your maintenance calories, you still exercise. You're still trained with weight. You still eat mostly healthy. But a bit of junk. You can lose a bunch of weight. Go to maintenance. Chill for we would recommend roughly at least two thirds of a time you're dieting. So if you've been dieting. And you can come from any kind of literature or just experience. Plenty of literature, but lots of experience. And you end up having a summer you diet for 12 weeks. It's probably good for at least eight weeks for you to be at least at maintenance. Maybe even a little tiny surplus if you want to go a little more in Jack, but at least maintenance. That brings you back to normal. It gives you breathing room. And then you can hit it again if you want to lose more weight. One of the biggest problems in weight loss is people whatever number they are. Let's say you weigh 231 pounds. And you're like, I want to win 70. You're like, great, you get your zapp bound, you get your diet, and you just go. It doesn't work like that because you're going to accumulate so much diafitique that by the time you get below 190, you're going to be like, I'm going to eat my own eyeballs today. And if you have to take enough an electric drug for that to go away, you still, they don't take away all the food focus. You still look at cheeseburgers on TV. And this is a convincing something. And you are missing something because you go to the family reunion. Everyone's eating amazing hot dogs. You're not eating them. You got your own bullshit. That's not a way to live life. That's a way to accomplish a task. It's not a way to live. So understanding it's a multi-phase process that is times of destitution, times of deficit, and then times of getting back to normal, that is a big deal. And that 8 to 12 week period coupled with another 8 to 12 weeks of chilling, you get your little ratchet stuff like effect. That works wonders. And empowered by anerrectics and really good diet advice, people can get a couple of ratchets down that thing nowadays, completely transformed their bodies. It's going to take a couple of years. But again, to paraphrase one of my friends brought our chavez, it's baffling that people think that something that took them years to do, like gain 80 pounds, they're just going to get it off in weeks. But yeah, it should be like five weeks as you're be good. No, no, it's going to take years. Luckily, not 15 years, but it might take two or three and you got to hang in there and you got to give yourself breaks. So I talked to a successful people. You're right now. Your notes are squirming. I'll say you just happen to like the CEO of Apple, just happen to fly next to you and a plane. He's like, am I private playing broke down? So could you scoot over it? All right. And he's like just sharing ideas about how to be successful. At some point, you're like, okay, so work straight up, 12 hours a day, no breaks, right? No vacations, no weekends. He'd be like, no, no, you need a lot of that because you need the creative process that doesn't happen unless you do the shit, just the same thing is true with dieting. You got to guard for a little while until your diaphragm is like, bro, this is tough. You go to maintenance and you repeat that process.